Neil Caldwell has developed a way to dye bacon so it looks like a unicorn just threw up next to your pancakes .
Unfortunately , he wo n't say how it 's done .
But from the look of things it involves unholy amounts of peen - shrinking Yellow # 5 .
Love that stuff .
The doctor said if I do n't drink at least a gallon a day I 'll have no choice but to keep on being the world 's greatest lover ... of subway tunnels .
Hit the jump for several more shots of the unkosherness .
Colored Bacon [ bacontoday ]
Thanks to Yaya , who may or may not hold the divine secrets to the sisterhood .
* punches myself in face *
Alan Wake was such a pleasure to play through .
One of the strongest points of the game is the immersing story , and the way it unfolds .
It kept Alan Wake was such a pleasure to play through .
One of the strongest points of the game is the immersing story , and the way it unfolds .
It kept me guessing , and begging for more .
The scenery of the game was breathtaking , and while there were quite a lot of " forest " areas , every single one of them was paired up with an astounding view of a valley , or beautiful mountains in the distance .
Combat in Alan Wake was nice and refreshing .
It was a nice touch that you simply can't shoot your enemies , but have to decide how to take on a pack .
While the selections of weapons in the game was modest , you could use them to great effect .
I fell in love with the way dodging works in this game , and it made defensive evasion - something that people often overlook in favor of brute force - a pleasant skill to practice .
This game was long , and it was good .
It is definitely one of the most enjoyable experiences I 've had in a long time .
…
Expand
Reading a good book or poem is one of life ’s joys , and once in a rare while a good book can change your life forever .
Great literature often demands we meet the authors ’ ideas on their own terms , and the experience is not always comfortable .
Growth seldom is .
Submitted for your review are ten literary works that demand much of the reader .
Some of you may scorn the choices here , but who among us has n’t struggled with a book or poem that failed to capture our attention ?
If that ’s you , then congratulations .
I have a near - mint copy of “ Great Expectations ” you can read while the rest of us go through this list .
10 War and Peace Leo Tolstoy
Buy War and Peace
In this corner , weighing in at 2.6 lbs and 1,296 printed pages , Tolstoy ’s “ War and Peace ” , considered by some to be the greatest novel ever written , as well as the book most people lie about having read .
In fact , many people have read it just to say they did .
And that ’s a shame , because Tolstoy can write beautifully , either as an omniscient narrator or when writing directly from the character ’s point of view .
However , the book ’s very title is a ( deserved ) punch line for overly long tomes , and that remains the primary obstacle to reading it .
Similarly daunting is that the story employs no central character or storyline to really latch onto .
As a result , it wanders in and out of subplots that could have been full books in their own right , and that proves highly frustrating –the reader is left feeling he has traipsed through this novel rather than read it .
So then , how do you read it ?
Fans say it ’s best to read a few chapters at a time , keep notes , rent the film , and then be sure to “ do something special ” to celebrate after you ’ve finished it .
Really ?
Tolstoy deserves better .
9 Atlas Shrugged Ayn Rand
Buy Atlas Shrugged
Ayn Rand ’s magnum opus explores a dystopia where the productive class refuses to be exploited any further by society .
As the government takes more and more control over industry ( cough , General Motors , cough , AIG , cough , health care , cough ) , the most productive citizens simply retreat to follow a cult leader ( John Galt ) .
Their point is that any society will stop functioning if its most rational and productive are not free to pursue their own self interest .
The book closely mirrored Rand ’s philosophy of Objectivism , which stressed primacy of reason , individual rights , and laissez - faire economics .
Liberals hated the outright rejection of socialism , while conservatives deplored the implicit atheism , though , ironically , the book can be seen as a treatise favoring Aristotelean philosophy and the concept of the existence of a God figure .
So both sides competed in dismissing her work as “ for teenagers ” ( a bit harsh ) , and “ strident without relief ” ( kinda have a point there ) .
Worse , however , are the interminable character speeches .
All but the most fanatic skim or skip those entirely , and devotees recommend taking on the 1,000 page book in small doses , over a long period of time .
8 Moby Dick Herman Melville
Buy Moby Dick
Some readers finished “ Moby Dick ” and joined Greenpeace , just to prevent this type of suffering from ever happening again .
Not for the whales — for the readers .
The prose is impossibly thick and the attention Melville lavishes on whaling techniques borders on obsessive compulsion .
For a 600 + page work , the plot is graciously described as “ minimal ” .
Some Melville fans even encourage first timers to listen to the audio book while reading .
Others suggest smaller reading sessions , capped off with a Cliff Notes chaser to explain what just passed before your eyes .
Privately , most readers will tell you this story could have been told with 200 fewer pages , and still be the important work it is today .
7 The Gulag Archipelago Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
Buy The Gulag Archipelago
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn’s hellish account of persecuted , imprisoned , tortured , and murdered dissidents in Stalin ’s Kafkaesque forced labor camps , the Gulags , evokes my deepest sympathy .
But that does n’t forgive the pain he dishes out in “ The Gulag Archipelago ” .
This not - quite - objective - history , not - quite - memoir , “ literary investigation ” weaves endless depressing narrative threads , using prose seemingly designed to punish .
The palpable sense of despair and apathy comes less from the text , but from the reading thereof , and it forces most readers to abandon the fight ( and that ’s what it is – a fight ) , even when the cause is so noble .
RIP , Aleksandr .
6 Foucault ’s Pendulum Umberto Eco
Buy Foucault ’s Pendulum
I know people who have read this book cover - to - cover and remained completely baffled , just so they could say it did n’t beat them .
Umberto Eco is a learned man , and he wants you to know that he ’s put in the hours at the library .
He also wants you to put in the hours , too .
Eco admits to being intentionally difficult , and deliberately put 200 pages of history into the “ The Name of the Rose ” to discourage the merely curious .
He repeats this trick in “ Foucault ’s Pendulum ” , with no effort to advance the plot or develop characters .
Fans read
Eco with a dictionary at hand , raving that his books are “ for the strong of spirit , people with perseverance , willing to struggle in order to reach the ultimate truth that only the very few have mastered . ”
But “ Foucault ’s Pendulum ” goes out of its way to make you feel like a Luddite prole , ignorant of what passed for Italian science , philosophy , and necromancy in the Middle Ages .
And yes , you WILL feel like a drooling , knuckle - scraping mouth - breather until the halfway point , where Eco believes you ’ve suffered enough , and hastily adds a plot so you can “ achieve ultimate truth through perseverance . ”
Armchair psychologists will note how Cognitive Consistency rears its ugly head here .
This is literary EST .
This book is significantly easier to read if you have a broad foreknowledge of esotericism .
5 The Scarlet Letter Nathaniel Hawthorne
Buy The Scarlet Letter
The animosity some people have for this book is startling .
Nathaniel Hawthorne ’s masterwork unfolds in 17th - century Puritan Boston , where its heroine , Hester Prynne , has a child out of wedlock as a result of an adulterous affair .
She is caught by church elders and forced to wear a large , scarlet “ A ” on her clothing , as a sign of her sin .
Resolute , Hester soldiers on with dignity and repentance - something in short supply in modern days .
Also in short supply is any modern love for this meandering melodrama .
Even its fans admit you may need a dictionary , and that you can easily get lost in the multiple pages of descriptive digressions .
Hawthorne himself admitted to adding a complete chapter ( “ The Custom House ” ) only because the book was otherwise too short to print .
4 The Waste Land T.S. Eliot
Buy The Waste Land
Beware any literary work where the inscrutable Ezra Pound had a hand in editing .
This tremendously dense modernist poem is told in five parts and abruptly shifts between characters , time , place , and languages ( English , Latin , Greek , German , and Sanskrit ) with nothing more than the reader ’s own erudition to make the connection between passages .
Eliot is extremely well - read but is n’t trying to confuse his audience — he simply wo n’t compromise ( beyond the less - than - instructive footnotes ) to convey his meaning as directly as possible .
Often he makes his point using literary allusions to authors such as Homer , Sophocles , Petronius , Virgil , Ovid , Saint Augustine of Hippo , Dante Alighieri , William Shakespeare , Edmund Spenser , Gérard de Nerval , Thomas Kyd , Geoffrey Chaucer , Thomas Middleton , John Webster , Joseph Conrad , John Milton , Andrew Marvell , Charles Baudelaire , Richard Wagner , Oliver Goldsmith , Hermann Hesse , Aldous Huxley , Paul Verlaine , Walt Whitman and even Bram Stoker .
Eliot also makes extensive use of Scriptural writings including the Bible , the Book of Common Prayer , the Hindu Brihadaranyaka Upanishad , and the Buddha ’s Fire Sermon , as well as cultural and anthropological studies such as Sir James Frazer ’s “ The Golden Bough ” and Jessie Weston ’s “ From Ritual to Romance ” .
This “ summer reading list ” approach is highly economical , but can be maddening for the reader .
Countless books and an excellent hypertext website have been written trying to wring the full meaning out of the lines .
They enlighten , but only partially succeed .
I will one day meet Mr. Eliot , and between hymns to our Maker I will pester him about this poem until I finally understand it ( “ Lucy , you have some ‘ splainin ’ to do ! ” ) .
3 Naked Lunch William Burroughs
Buy Naked Lunch
The tale of how this book came to be is far more interesting that the book itself .
Burroughs ( a member of the so - called beat - generation ) was living in Tangiers and addicted to heroin .
During his highs he poured page after page from his typewriter .
He took all of this work and cut it to pieces – then re-joined the papers in random order .
The resulting text was sent to his friend Allen Ginsberg ( of “ Howl ” fame ) and it was published .
An obscenity trial followed , as well as outright banning in various parts of the United States due to its depiction of pedophilia and child murder .
The book itself is a difficult read , as sentences seem to just end without warning and new sentences begin half - way through .
It is a book that needs to be read from beginning to end to finally get an overall picture – which is bizarre , ethereal , obscene , exciting , and horrifying .
It will be one of the most difficult books you have ever read , but in the end it is actually worth it .
Burroughs wrote a number of other books using the same original material of Naked Lunch which continue the vignettes in the first book .
2 The Sound and the Fury William Faulkner
Buy The Sound and the Fury
Imagine a librarian with Alzheimer ’s reading Tennessee Williams and you ’re on your way to understanding “ The Sound and the Fury ” , which examined whether Old South ideals could survive the American civil war .
Following the post - bellum demise of an aristocratic Southern family , the book ’s stream of consciousness technique produced countless ( and lengthy ) narrative digressions that were more sensations than plot events , and that occurred without punctuation to mimic the random thought patterns of the human mind .
What critics do n’t say is how this results in paragraph - long sentences that get completely wrapped around the axle .
One fan comments ‘ you ’ll need all your resources of unflagging attention , tenacious memory , and orthographic competence with dialect just to grasp the central events of the story , but even then you may be frustrated by the realization that the story is n’t the centerpiece of the book . ”
1 Finnegan ’s Wake James Joyce
Buy Finnegans Wake
Quote “ Finnegan ’s Wake ” in public and you risk being committed to an asylum .
Internet searches on “ most difficult ” and “ hard to read ” novels unfailingly recognize “ Finnegan ’s Wake ” as the most difficult work of fiction in the “ English ” language .
There ’s a reason for those quotation marks — in most places Joyce just made stuff up , including the language he used to write the damn thing .
Chock full of neologisms , puns using neologisms , ancient slang , and portmanteau words , “ Wake ” is profane , sublime ( to some ) , and alas , totally unreadable .
Some scholars believe it was written as an unsolvable hoax , even as others maintain websites to help readers parse the inscrutable text .
The charter boat captain they called Rookie made his home back where the oak and pine woods humming with cicadas meet the Bon Secour River and where the asphalt peters out into a dead end .
This is where friends came to ask how William Allen “ Rookie ” Kruse was doing , back in April , when the Gulf of Mexico oil spill ended his $ 5,000 fishing trips for marlin and red snapper and put a crimp in his wife Tracy ’s seafood business .
Fine , he said .
They asked again after the man who earned his nickname working fishing boats in the 1960s became frustrated with the hoops BP representatives kept making him jump through to get work on the cleanup .
Still fine , Kruse said .
On Wednesday morning , Kruse reported as usual to the Gulf Shores marina to work for the company that had ruined his fishing .
His two deck hands said that when he sent them on an errand before 7:30 a.m. , he seemed fine .
But shortly afterward , Kruse climbed up to the wheelhouse of the Rookie , retrieved a Glock handgun he kept for protection and apparently shot himself in the head .
His family and friends say he is the 12th victim of the April 20 Deepwater Horizon rig explosion , which killed 11 crew members .
And they worry that there will be more among the captains idled by the worst spill in U.S. history .
“ But for the oil spill , I do n’t think he would have done this , ” said his identical twin brother , Frank Kruse .
Families here are not apt to call out captains who withdraw or put on a brave front .
The Kruse family is counting on the close - knit community of fishing captains to care for its own .
“ Somebody ’s got to get past that ‘ I ’m fine ’ , ” Frank Kruse said .
Rookie Kruse , 55 , did not leave a note , only questions .
Tracy Kruse , 41 , noticed that her sturdy husband had started to lose weight and was having trouble sleeping .
He usually spent at least $ 30,000 outfitting his two boats for what he had thought would be a bountiful summer guiding his loyal clientele to the best fishing the rich gulf waters had to offer , said brother Marc Kruse , 52 , who works for a corporate manufacturer in Mobile , Ala .
Two weeks ago , Kruse went to work for BP , turning his 50 - and 40 - foot boats , the Rookie and the Rookie II , into what the oil giant calls Vessels of Opportunity .
He was never given a day off .
“ He told me he hated it , ” said his 12 - year - old stepson , Ryan Mistrot .
“ He hated going out for BP . ” Marc Kruse said his brother thought the Vessels of Opportunity were just BP window - dressing .
His mother recalled the day last week that Kruse told her his chickens were hungry .
“ They always are , ” Ryan said , as he played with Kruse ’s Jack Russell terrier , Isabel .
“ Yes , but what he was saying was , ‘ I do n’t have food for them ’ . ”
Frank Kruse , who lives in nearby Fairhope , Ala. , said he watched his brother ’s spirit shaved down by the relentless bureaucracy of BP , heaping concerns on a man who for years had never worried about much except the weather .
“ Every time they got over one hurdle , there was another , ” Kruse said of his brother .
“ I guess he looked long - term and saw what ’s going to happen when this is all over and the gulf is dead . ”
“ My question , ” says Ryan , sitting tan , shirtless and barefoot on the tile porch floor , “ is why did the Rookie never get a day off ? ”
What scares those who have gravitated to Kruse ’s house in the wake of his death — family and the captains and their wives and girlfriends — is that Kruse was , by most of their measures , doing pretty well .
He was a middle - class fisherman with a dedicated customers .
If someone who seemed as financially and emotionally stable as Rookie could develop the black tunnel - vision of suicide , how many more are in peril ?
“ His wife knew he was depressed , his family knew he was depressed , but he would n’t reach out for help , ” said Frank Kruse , general administrator in nearby Mobile County .
“ He kept saying he was fine .
He was hiding things . ”
Last Friday , Rookie Kruse told his elderly mother he had no money coming in , but he expected to get paid in a few weeks .
“ He said , ‘ Do n’t worry about me mother .
I ’ll be fine , ’ ” Marolyn Kruse said , stifling tears .
“ That was the last thing . ”
Kruse filed a 52 - page claim for lost income to BP on Monday .
The company also owed him for two weeks ’ work — about $ 4,700 .
He half - expected BP would reject it .
By then , he was down to 185 pounds , from 219 , his brothers said .
He had to pay for the house , his Ford F - 250 pickup , the boats and an 80 - acre hunting camp near Pensacola , Fla. , where he and other captains hunted white - tail deer .
“ In a few weeks , the repo man ’s at your house , ” Marc Kruse said .
" That ’s a very scary situation . ”
Rookie Kruse knew about running a business .
A University of South Alabama graduate , he had majored in business and worked for more than a decade for UPS , rising to a supervisor before buying his first boat 24 years ago .
On Wednesday , several fellow captains stopped by Kruse ’s modest single - story ranch house .
The captain ’s widow welcomed them .
They were his second family , a society in which Kruse was considered a big name .
She withdrew from the crowd , preferring the deck that overlooks a river that translates as “ good comfort . ”
“ It ’s not like he was broke or destitute , ” Frank Kruse said .
His thoughts turned to others who may be in the same position his brother was in .
“ I ca n’t imagine what some of these people are doing .
They ’re mortgaged up to the hilt . ”
Linda Abston , a friend of the family , also came to the house .
She has seen business plummet at her hair salon , Cut N Up , next door to a Winn Dixie supermarket on Perdido Beach Boulevard in Orange Beach .
After the spill , her five employees fled to sell T - shirts or cut hair in Pensacola and Tuscaloosa , Ala .
Now Abston , a perky blond , is stuck with $ 6,000 monthly overhead .
On Monday , she said , she tried to file a claim with BP for $ 5,000 but was referred to a succession of claims agents .
“ I ’m thinking they ’re going to do the right thing .
By Friday , I ’m at my wits end .
That ’s when I get the call about Rookie , ” Abston said .
She stood on the Kruses ’ enclosed porch and cried .
Kruse relatives soon surrounded her .
“ I can absolutely understand how he felt , ” Abston said .
“ Because it is so much pressure , trying to manage with this cesspool and the uncertainty of it all . ”
On June 12 , Abston attended a protest at Perdido Pass in nearby Orange Beach toting a sign , “ God help us . ”
There she met Riki Ott , the Alaskan marine biologist and commercial fisherman who became an environmental activist after responding to the Exxon Valdez oil spill in 1989 .
Ott recalled how , in the wake of that spill , fishermen in the town of Cordova , Alaska , turned against one another instead of working together to overcome surging anxiety , post - traumatic stress , domestic violence and alcoholism .
There was one high - profile suicide , she said , with a note that attributed the death to the stress of dealing with Exxon .
It is not clear whether people here could turn on one another as they did in Cordova , or turn a gun on themselves , as Kruse did .
Tensions ebb and flow like the tides .
On the Kruse porch , a fishing pole was propped in the corner .
Ryan said the last time he saw his stepfather was Tuesday night when Kruse lay in bed , despondent .
Ryan said he did the only thing he could do — told his stepdad he loved him and gave him a hug .
Now Abston was leaning down and folding Ryan ’s skinny frame into her arms .
“ We had to do it , ” she said of turning to BP for help .
It was also not clear what the family will do now to make ends meet .
“ There ’s things you guys are going to need , but right now is not a good time to sell the boat , ” Marc Kruse told Ryan .
He said other captains would probably lease the boats .
Ryan nodded as though he understood .
“ Y’all do n’t have to worry about nothing , ” Marc Kruse said .
“ Just take care of your mama . ”
BP offered to pay for the funeral , and Kruse ’s family accepted .
His body was released by the coroner Thursday , and they are searching for a church big enough to contain the expected crowd .
A BP official came to the house Wednesday to offer counseling , and later sent a chaplain .
“ We all need counseling .
I feel like I do , ” Ryan said as he stood up .
Use your punching bag , one of his uncles said .
“ I did , ” Ryan said as he walked out into the darkness and toward the water .
“ I knocked it over . ”
At the Gulf Shores marina where Kruse reported for work in recent weeks , owner Billy Parks talked about a shrimper who is among those waiting at home for a call from BP offering work .
“ Those are the guys I worry about , ” he said .
“ It do n’t seem fair . ”
Parks stood on a deck above the marina , staring at the gulf .
It was a brilliant day , blue skies full of puffy clouds and sun dancing on the emerald waves .
The marina was nearly empty .
Kruse ’s two boats were still moored where he left them .
In the distance , six oil rigs rose from the waves , and nearby floated a few barges , supply boats , a fleet of BP Vessels of Opportunity doing boom training , and one lone shrimp trawler , nets extended at its side like outstretched arms .
molly.hennessy-fiske@latimes.com
俳 ハイ unorthodox ; actor ; haiku
The 俳 in 俳句 ( haiku ) originally meant “ unorthodox ” .
How did it come to be used for Japan ’s most famous form of poetry ?
Haiku were originally called hokka ( 発句 ) .
They were simply the starting verse of a renga , a collaborative poem written by two or more participants .
Over the centuries , a more comical , down - to - earth , less aristocratic form of renga called haikai ( 俳諧 ) emerged , and heavily influenced haiku as it grew as an independent poetry form .
At the end of the 19th century , the Japanese writer Masaoka Shiki proposed calling hokka “ haikai no ku ” , or “ haiku ” for short — and thus its modern name .
A JEWISH group plans to overcome an ancient and restrictive religious commandment by creating a virtual wall around an entire North Shore suburb .
But its push for greater freedom has caused angst among some St Ives residents , who say it will block their views and create a " Jewish ghetto " .
Under Jewish law it is forbidden to push or carry objects beyond the private home on the Sabbath and during holy festivals such as the Jewish new year , Rosh Hashanah , which began at sunset on Monday .
It seems like virtually every day there ’s a fantastic new example of something amazing you can do with CSS3 .
Whether it ’s as complex as full - blown animations or as ( relatively ) simple as RGBa colors , drop shadows , or rounded corners , I marvel at how far we ’ve come since the lowly days of CSS1 or ( shudder ) the @font element .
Article Continues Below
The current state of CSS3 reminds me of a typical cinematic device :
The scene opens with us , this happy - go - lucky family of developers out for a picnic by the lake on a beautiful summer afternoon .
And as we laugh , play , and scamper about entertaining ourselves , the camera pans around , bringing us over to the lake where , beneath the surface , something stirs .
Something ominous and foreboding .
Okay , perhaps that was a bit over - dramatic , but what I ’m trying to say is that we ’re ignoring the beasts within our code , hiding just out of view : forks .
If you ’ve been working on the web for more than a decade ( I ’m probably dating myself ) , you may remember that bleak time in web design history when JavaScript was a dark art .
It earned that reputation because in order to do anything with even the teensiest bit of cross - browser consistency , you had to fork your code .
It was standard practice to have one set of JavaScript functions for Netscape and another set for Internet Explorer .
Or , if you were a real masochist , you kept the code combined and created a fork inside the function :
function doSomething ( ) { if ( document.getElementById ) { // web standards FTW !
} else if ( document.all ) { // do something in IE } else if ( document.layers ) { // do something in Netscape 4.x } }
In many cases , especially where animation or event handlers were concerned , the code got really gnarly , easily topping even the most atrocious spaghetti code in HTML .
The thing about forking your code is that , when you least expect it , it will find a way to fork you right back .
Now , thanks to Web Standards Project browser - standards advocacy and diligent JavaScript library authors , the world of JavaScript is a much nicer place to work and play .
Our code is now relatively fork - free , with fewer nooks and crannies in which bugs can hide .
Unfortunately , in our rush to use some of the features available in CSS3 , we ’ve fallen off the wagon .
I think @border - radius was the proverbial “ candy ” that the forks used to lead us back into their clutches .
We all wanted them ; hell , we ’d come up with myriad ways to fake rounded corners to realize our design dreams .
So when Firefox and Safari dangled them in front of our drooling faces , asking only that we add two small forks to our code for the privilege , we jumped at the opportunity .
. this -is - awesome { border - radius : 5 px ; - moz - border - radius : 5 px ; - webkit - border - radius : 5 px ; }
They were only two small forks , after all , how bad could they be ?
Well , once we had symmetrical rounded corners , we wanted asymmetrical rounded corners .
After all , we need to be able to express ourselves and there comes a time when every man , woman , and child must stand up and set the radius of each corner independently !
Unfortunately , Webkit does n’t like the @border - radius shorthand , but that just means we need to be a little more verbose :
. this-is- slightly -less-awesome { border - radius : 10 px 5 px ; - moz - border - radius : 10px 5 px ; - webkit-border-top-left-radius : 10 px ; - webkit-border-top-right- radius : 5 px ; - webkit-border-bottom- right- radius : 10 px ; - webkit- border - bottom - left- radius : 5 px ; }
Oh , and we probably want to make sure Opera and Konquerer can get the rounded corners too ( assuming Opera ’s supporting them this week ) .
. this-is - absurd { border - radius : 10 px 5 px ; - moz - border - radius : 10px 5 px ; - webkit-border-top-left-radius : 10 px ; - webkit- border-top-right- radius : 5 px ; - webkit-border-bottom- right- radius : 10 px ; - webkit-border-bottom - left-radius : 5 px ; -o- border - radius : 10 px 5 px ; - khtml-border-top-left-radius : 10 px ; - khtml-border-top-right- radius : 5 px ; - khtml-border-bottom- right- radius : 10 px ; - khtml-border-bottom - left- radius : 5 px ; }
Now , are you seeing a problem here ?
Does it remind you of anything we used to do in our CSS ?
. can - you - hear - me-now { padding : 10 px ; width : 200 px ; width : 180 px ; height : 200 px ; height : 180 px ; }
Or perhaps you were more fond of something in a nice Tan .
. hooray - for - repetition { padding : 10 px ; width : 200 px ; height : 200 px ; } * html .hooray - for - repetition { width : 180 px ; height : 180 px ; }
Call it forking , call it hacking , call it what you will ; we should n’t be doing it .
Another way #section3
As you can probably tell , forks get me a little riled up .
Rather than just getting angry about it , however , I decided to build a JavaScript library that supports clean living ( or at least clean CSS ) : eCSStender .
( Actually , the original impetus behind the library was a little different , but we ’ll get to that in a bit . )
Boiled down to its essence , eCSStender ( pronounced “ extender ” ) is a JavaScript library ( akin to jQuery or Prototype ) specifically built for working with CSS .
On its own , eCSStender does n’t do anything but analyze your stylesheets .
When powering “ extensions , ” however , eCSStender allows you to use properties such as @border - radius and selectors like @.seven : nth - child ( even ) without having to resort to forks or hacks .
If you ’re developmentally inclined , you ’ll be interested to know that eCSStender not only gives you introspection into the style rules contained in your CSS file (s ) and provides a framework for testing a browser ’s support ( or lack thereof ) for things like selectors or properties , it also provides a mechanism for you to patch browser support for CSS .
If , however , you ’re more inclined toward the design side of things , you ’ll be happy to know that using eCSStender and a handful of extensions allows you to write advanced CSS simply .
It Just Worksâ „¢ .
. this - is - so - much - better { border - radius : 5 px ; }
Using eCSStender#section4
Using eCSStender is pretty straightforward .
You simply include the eCSStender library and whichever extensions you want to run against your CSS .
< script type =" text / javascript " src=" eCSStender.js " ></ script > < script type =" text / javascript " src=" eCSStender.CSS3-backgrounds-and - borders.js " ></ script > < script type =" text/ javascript " src=" eCSStender.CSS3-selectors.js " > </ script > < script type =" text/ javascript " src=" eCSStender.CSS3-color.js " ></ script >
Or , you can pick and choose the pieces you want from the currently available extension bundles and create your own custom extension library .
< script type =" text / javascript " src=" eCSStender.js " ></ script > < script type =" text / javascript " src=" my-extensions.js " ></ script >
So where do you get these extensions ?
Well , I have developed a number of extensions that offer CSS3 functionality and have bundled them such that they correspond to the various modules of CSS3 , such as borders and backgrounds , selectors , and color .
I am also aware of several other JavaScript wizards who are working on other pieces of the CSS3 puzzle , including a multi-column layout and more .
A complete list of known extensions is being maintained on the eCSStender website and , if you ’re interested , the website also has extensive documentation on how to roll your own .
Once you have included the JavaScript files , you simply go about using the properties as the spec defines them , and the extensions work their magic to translate what you wrote into something browsers understand .
The beauty of this setup is that your stylesheets remain clean and fork - free ; the extensions do all the dirty work for you .
Extensions are built to be smart , too .
Using the eCSStender API , they can test to see whether or not the property or selector you want is supported in the current browser .
If the property is supported , the extension does n’t run , but if it is n’t supported , the extension is activated .
So in the case of border - radius , Safari 5 implements the standard property and the border - radius extension is not run , but in Safari 4 , which only understands - webkit - border - radius , the extension needs to run and makes the necessary translations .
Once the majority of browsers accessing your site are savvy enough to grasp standards without the hand - holding , you simply delete the extension just as you would a conditionally - commented stylesheet for a version of IE you no longer need to support .
Easy - peasy .
You ’d probably like an example , right ?
Well , the eCSStender site is certainly one , but I ’ve thrown together another one on the off chance you ’d like to see a combination of CSS3 goodies in action .
It makes use of :
@border - radius ,
, @box - shadow ,
, RGBa backgrounds ,
@transform : rotate ( ) , and
, and @transition ( assuming your browser supports it in some form ) .
Make sure you hover the box .
As I mentioned earlier , eCSStender was not originally designed to act as browser spackle ; in fact , the original intent for the library , when I began writing it nearly three years ago , was to make it easy for each of us to get involved in crafting future versions of CSS .
Through eCSStender , we can play with new ideas and see our concepts realized in an actual browser .
It provides an easy way for us to experiment with syntax and see what works and what does n’t without having to wait for native browser support .
If you ’ll indulge me for a moment , I ’ll give you an example .
Say , for instance , I thought it might be interesting to imbue elements with physical characteristics and I wanted to use CSS to do it .
I might create a new property ( with a vendor - specific extension of “ easy , ” to indicate my company ) called @ - easy - physics - fill that would take one of several substances , such as “ lead , ” or “ helium , ” as its value .
With eCSStender
I can easily build an extension to look for that new property and apply the requisite physical properties .
It ’s a contrived example , but I think you get the point .
Used in this way , eCSStender empowers us to show the W3C what we want to see next in CSS .
And it can help the CSS Working Group evaluate syntax and experiment with new ideas without having to wait for a browser vendor to implement them .
This could streamline the process , as ideas that do n’t work well in practical application can be jettisoned before the underlying codebase of any browser has been modified .
And who knows , maybe the W3C would even consider an extension to be a valid implementation used as part of the standards - development process .
Pitching the forks #section6
As a library , eCSStender has a few modest goals .
First and foremost , it aims to offer robust tools for designers and developers to make working with CSS better .
On one hand , it seeks to equalize support for CSS across all browsers by offering a simple set of developer tools that makes crafting extensions easy and implementing them a breeze .
On the other , it provides those same tools to designers and developers who are interested in conceiving and then building real implementations of the properties , selectors , and mechanisms they want to see in future versions of CSS .
Perhaps my dream of a world with equalized CSS support across browsers is pie - in - the - sky thinking , but I like pie .
Even if it is best eaten with a fork .
Advertisements
On his MSNBC program Countdown , Keith Olbermann finally brought into the mainstream media what many in the blogosphere have been wondering for days , did Sarah Palin perjure herself with her testimony in the email hacking case ?
The fact is that the emails released from Palin ’s personal email accounts contradict her testimony , and Sarah Palin is caught in yet another lie .
Here is the video from MSNBC :
Advertisements
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Olbermann said , “ The testimony from Palin herself centered on whether or not the release of those emails caused her actual damage .
The trial was not about whether or not Palin ever used personal email for state business while she was governor , but in testifying that she did not conduct gubernatorial business that way , she may have committed perjury . ”
Palin denied conducting government business on the personal email accounts , but Olberman pointed out that , “ 3,000 pages of Palin ’s emails released through a Freedom of Information request from MSNBC.com contradict that .
Palin ’s personal email account , she actually had three of them , were replete with examples of government business like the state budget , or legislation awaiting action , or a discussion of government positions . ”
However , the Washington Post ’s David Weigel has n’t seen the transcript , but it looked like she did not perjure herself .
The emails that Olbermann discussed were off limits for her testimony .
The point is that Palin may not have perjured herself this time , but she obviously lied about what she was using the personal email accounts for .
A quick look through the released emails contradicts her claim that she was not using them for state business .
The bigger problem for Palin is that this is another lie that will continue to dog her political future , but Palin ’s entire career is based on lies , so what harm could adding one more do to her house of cards ?
The answer is that this lie could do a lot of harm , especially if the transcript of her testimony is released , and she decides to go after the Republican nomination in 2012 .
You can bet that the Romney people have already scrutinized her emails and would love nothing more that to have her testimony on paper for the sake of comparison .
Can you see her inability to keep an email account secure becoming an issue in the security happy Republican primaries ?
Picture an ad which will ask , “ If Sarah Palin ca n’t be trusted to keep information safe , can she be trusted to keep America safe ? ”
With each of these lies , Palin keeps adding another shovel full of dirt on top of her political grave .
None of this matters though to her Kool - Aid drinking followers who repeat and babble Palin ’s claims about the lame stream , without giving a moment ’s thought to the walking ball of hypocrisy , lies , and contradictions that they support .
Their job is not to think independently , but to blindly worship and regurgitate the nonsensical ramblings of their queen .
Someday these poor fools will realize that their savior was really nothing more a confidence woman who broke their hearts and picked their pockets , but as the old saying goes a fool and his money are soon parted .
( Congrats to our good friends , and yes they are our friends , at Palingates for the mention tonight on Olbermann .
They do great work tirelessly chasing down the hypocrisy of Sarah Palin .
They and their readers have been absolutely great to us here at Politicus especially during and after the DDoS attack , so this seems like a good time to say thanks ) .
In a recent interview between president of SCE Worldwide Studios and Playstation Europe , it was confirmed that Gran Turismo 5 , due Nov 2 , is set to feature weather effects , track editor and even go - karts .
Legions of GT fans have been complaining about the game being delayed , but the fact that a single racing game has over 1000 cars , Head Tracking , Three Levels of Vehicle Damage , Night Racing , Car Rollovers , Nascar , Rally , 20 tracks with 70 variations , 3D support , Top Gear Test Track , Sparks , Pebbles and more , probably takes some time .
What can we look forward to when Gran Turismo 5 releases on PlayStation 3 ?
Gran Turismo 5 will offer gamers an experience more rich , more in - depth and more exciting than they might expect – even from a series as closely identified with innovation and invention as Gran Turismo .
Not only will Gran Turismo 5 deliver an even more comprehensive set of cars and courses than gamers saw with previous iterations , it will also feature new game - enhacing graphical effects such as damage , night racing and weather .
These innovations are twinned with the option to join millions of like - minded individuals globally within the Gran Turismo community and to find a driving experience to suit , whether that is taking on the Top Gear test track , chucking cars around stunt arenas , go - karting , creating and sharing your own track or intense head - to - head races .
Who , where and what to drive is completely down to the individual .
This time around Gran Turismo is likely not just to be the definitive driving experience but a definitive gaming experience full stop .
“ Gran Turismo 5 will be released in the US , November 2 , 2010 exclusively on the PS3
[ Full Interview ] via Meodia
Posted on by storagedepotuk
A USB floppy drive is a simple and easy way to incorporate your old data with your new computer , There are a good number of USB floppy drives on the market and they all do pretty much the same thing in the same way , but here and the below three models are the best bets for your money … and your data :
LaCie USB Floppy Drives Targus USB Floppy Drives Apricorn USB Floppy Drives
If you have Windows XP or earlier , a floppy drive may in fact be your only option when you need to reboot or reinstall your operating system .
They are very affordable , and an easy way to archive and exchange your data .
Its installation is incredibly easy .
If you need to do simple data swaps or small backups , this is a great little floppy drive .
These can be used with both Windows and Mac computers .
The Q - stor external floppy drive also has an enhanced power save mode which helps conserve laptop battery power .
These models are incorporated with following features :
It works with both PC ’s and Mac’s .
do n’t need a drive for its installation .
It does n’t need a power source
easy to use and portable .
simple , and very inexpensive device .
For get more information about USB floppy drive , please visit at :
http://www.storagedepot.co.uk
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Computer Products , Storage Depot , Usb Floppy Drives | Tagged : digital signage , drive TS - 459 Pro , floppy disk drive , nas hard drive , Qnap is a NAS , Qnap NAS Drives , Qnap NAS Drives for home user , Qnap TS - 219 , Qnap TS - 219P , Qnap TS - 459 Pro , USB floppy drive |
Русский English | Deutsch Blog Concepts Studios Milestones Archive 1982 Lancia Orca ( ItalDesign ) 1982 , Lancia , Designed / Built by ItalDesign , Giorgetto Giugiaro , Lancia Delta Tags : Studios Lancia Orca ( ItalDesign ) , 1982 Lancia Orca ( ItalDesign ) , 1982 Lancia Orca ( ItalDesign ) , 1982 Lancia Orca ( ItalDesign ) , 1982 Lancia Orca ( ItalDesign ) , 1982 Lancia Orca ( ItalDesign ) , 1982 - Interior Lancia Orca ( ItalDesign ) , 1982 - Interior Lancia Orca ( ItalDesign ) , 1982 - Design Sketch Images : ItalDesign Rating : 38 - 12 +50 Comments ( )
Cx and compartment are the aims to reach to develop the project of the Orca , based on Lancia Delta 4x4 Turbo engine and platform .
Once again the two years before project ,
Orca is the right balance between aerodynamic performances and internal habitability on a mechanic architecture that does not allow a low and outlined front hood used for the Medusa .
Habitability is excellent : his length is like the one of Audi 80 , and it has an internal room of more than 170 mm .
The mechanic is the one of the Lancia Delta 4x4 Turbo with a 1600 cc and 140 cv engine .
Controls are located on the steering wheel , like the Medusa , but here they can be operated with ultrasound impulses , and they are fixed , they do not move with the steering wheel , facilitating its use during the drive .
Trivia
A light , located on the front of the Orca , brightens when the driver activates the brakes : the cars that come before or pedestrian are able to know that the car is really slowing down .
Orca is a project for a two volumes berline with four doors and four seats that combines aerodynamics and habitability .
Once again the two years before project , the Medusa , is the inspiration for this design , even though the mechanical scheme is completely different : transversal front engine and four wheel drive that can be disconnected .
Orca is the right balance between aerodynamic performances and internal habitability on a mechanic architecture that does not allow a low and outlined front hood used for the Medusa .
Habitability is excellent : his length is like the one of Audi 80 , and it has an internal room of more than 170 mm .
The mechanic is the one of the Lancia Delta 4x4 Turbo with a 1600 cc and 140 cv engine .
Controls are located on the steering wheel , like the Medusa , but here they can be operated with ultrasound impulses , and they are fixed , they do not move with the steering wheel , facilitating its use during the drive .
TriviaA light , located on the front of the Orca , brightens when the driver activates the brakes : the cars that come before or pedestrian are able to know that the car is really slowing down .
Source : www.italdesign.it Coachbuilder : ItalDesign Other Lancia
Endangered sea turtles and other marine creatures are being corralled into 500 square - mile " burn fields " and burnt alive in operations intended to contain oil from BP 's ruptured well in the Gulf of Mexico , the Obama administration confirmed today .
The killing of the turtles – which once teetered on the brink of extinction – has outraged environmentalists and could put BP into even deeper legal jeopardy .
Environmental organisations are demanding that the oil company stop blocking rescue of the turtles , and are pressing the US administration to halt the burning and look at prosecuting BP and its contractors for killing endangered species during the cleanup operation .
Harming or killing a sea turtle carries fines of up to $ 50,000 ( £ 33,000 ) .
" It is criminal and cruel and they need to be held accountable , " said Carole Allen , Gulf office director of the Sea Turtle Restoration Project .
" There should not be another lighting of a fire of any kind till people have gone in there and looked for turtles . "
The Obama administration , confirming the kills , said BP was under orders to avoid the turtles .
" My understanding is that protocols include looking for wildlife prior to igniting of oil , " a spokeswoman for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( Noaa ) said .
" We take these things very seriously . "
The agency this week posted a single turtle spotter on the burn vessels , but government scientists are pressing for more wildlife experts to try to rescue the animals before the oil is lit – or at the very least to give them access to the burn fields .
" One ca n't just ride through an area where they are burning and expect to be safe while looking for turtles .
We do n't expect that , but we would like to access those areas where we suspect there may be turtles , " said Blair Witherington , a sea turtle research scientist at Florida 's Fish and Wildlife Research Institute .
More than 425 turtles are known to have died in the spill zone since 30 April , Noaa said .
Conservationists say the losses could imperil the long - term survival of the creatures .
All five species of turtles found in the Gulf are endangered or threatened : the Kemp 's Ridley most of all .
But in a video posted on YouTube , Mike Ellis , a skipper from Venice , Louisiana , accuses BP of chasing away a boat of conservationists trying to rescue turtles caught in the oil and weed a few miles away from the leak .
" They ran us out of there and then they shut us down , " said Ellis .
On days when the weather is fine and there is relatively no wind , BP conducts up to a dozen " controlled burns " , torching vast expanses of the ocean surface within a corral of fireproof booms .
Biologists say such burns are deadly for young turtles because oil and sargassum – the seaweed mats that provide nutrients to jellyfish and a range of other creatures – – congregate in the same locations .
The sargassum is also a perfect hunting ground for young sea turtles , who are not developed enough to dive to the ocean floor to forage for food .
Once BP moves in , the turtles are doomed .
" They drag a boom between two shrimp boats and whatever gets caught between the two boats , they circle it up and catch it on fire .
Once the turtles are in there , they can't get out , " Ellis said .
The heartbreak for conservationists is that the convergence of sargassum and oil offers the best chance of finding young turtles before they suffocate on the crude .
But it can also be deadly .
" When they breathe and come to the surface , they get a mouthful and a bellyful of toxic substance that is very much like wallpaper paste , " said John Hewitt , the director of husbandry at the New Orleans aquarium .
" If we do n't remove them and clean them up , in three or four days that probably spells the end of the turtle . "
Since the spill , the aquarium has taken in 90 sea turtles , scrubbing the oil off their shells with toothbrushes and washing - up liquid .
Even before the fires , the two - month gusher in the Gulf of Mexico was threatening the long - term survival of sea turtles .
" This is the worst calamity that I have ever seen for sea turtles , " said David Godfrey , executive director of the Sea Turtle Conservancy .
" This is really the cradle of sea turtle reproduction for the western hemisphere .
"
The threat to the turtles could continue well after the gusher is capped .
The oil spill is turning vast expanses of the Gulf into a dead zone , killing off the jellyfish , crabs and conches that are the staples of an adult diet .
Conservationists are also worried about the survival of the next generation of loggerhead turtles , which are about to climb up on to badly oiled shorelines to begin their nesting season .
" They are doomed " said Godfrey .
Godfrey said his organisation was working on plans to dig up about 1,000 nests , or 100,000 eggs , from nesting grounds in the Florida Panhandle and transfer them to hatcheries for safekeeping .
" It is a last gasp measure to save 100,000 young sea turtles , " he said .
" We need every one of these turtles to survive . "
NEW skyscrapers are going up along Avenida Faria Lima in the business district of São Paulo .
Sales of computers and cars are booming , while a glut of passengers has clogged the main airports .
Brazil created 962,000 new formal - sector jobs between January and April — the highest figure for these months since records began in 1992 .
Everything indicates that over the past six months the economy has grown at an annualised pace of over 10 % .
Even allowing for an expected slackening , many analysts forecast that growth in 2010 will be 7 % — the highest rate since 1986 .
The problem is that while it may be growing at Chinese speeds , Brazil is not China .
Because it still saves and invests too little , most economists think it is restricted to a speed limit of 5 % at the most , if it is not to crash .
The growth spurt is partly the result of the stimulus measures taken by President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva 's government when the world financial crisis briefly tipped the country into recession late in 2008 .
The trouble , say critics , is that much of the extra government spending is turning out to be permanent — and so the economy is starting to resemble a Toyota with the accelerator stuck to the floor .
The strain is showing .
Businesses are chasing after scarce skilled labour .
Inflation for the 12 months to April reached 5.3 % , above the Central Bank 's target of 4.5 % .
Imports are set to top exports this year , for the first time since 2000 , and the current - account deficit should widen to 3 % of GDP .
The authorities are starting to worry .
Last month the Central Bank raised its benchmark Selic interest rate by 0.75 % , the first rise in nearly two years .
Many economists in São Paulo believe that this one will be followed by others , taking the rate from its low of 8.75 % to 13 % by next year .
The government 's critics say that lax fiscal policy is making the Central Bank 's task harder , increasing the risk of the boom ending in a sharp slowdown next year .
When he became president in 2003 , Lula stuck to the sound fiscal policies he inherited from his predecessor , Fernando Henrique Cardoso .
Thanks to faster growth and higher tax revenues , between 2003 and 2008 Lula 's government managed to keep public debt in check even while expanding spending .
By treating the recession as “ a licence to spend ” , the government is now undermining the credibility it piled up , says Raul Velloso , a public - finance specialist in Brasilia .
Officials share those concerns — up to a point .
The government has withdrawn nearly all of the tax breaks it enacted to boost demand during the recession .
On May 13th ministers declared that they would shave 10 billion reais ( $ 5.4 billion ) from the running costs of the federal government this year .
That followed a similar announcement of another 21 billion reais of cuts in March .
But this hardly amounts to slamming on the brakes .
The cuts are to the generous ( and notional ) budget approved by Congress .
Even if implemented in full , they will merely slow the rate of increase in government spending , keeping it constant or slightly lower as a share of GDP , concedes Nelson Barbosa , a senior finance official .
The government is still injecting money into the economy in two controversial ways .
First , the National Development Bank ( BNDES ) , whose loans cost about half the Selic rate , has expanded its lending by almost half .
It has been able to do this because the treasury granted it two long - term credits totalling 180 billion reais .
Those credits , for which the BNDES has offered IOUs , have led to accusations of creative accounting .
While adding to the government 's gross debt , they have not driven up the more closely watched figure for public debt , net of assets : at 42.7 % of GDP , this is back to its level of mid-2008 , and is much lower than the debt burdens of European countries .
Second , the government has jacked up its payroll spending .
The number of federal civil servants has increased fairly modestly since 2003 ( by around 10 % ) .
But they have been treated generously : the total federal wage bill more than doubled in nominal terms between 2003 and 2009 , while inflation was less than 50 % .
Lula has pushed up the minimum wage much faster than inflation too .
That has helped to make the income distribution less skewed , and boosted consumer demand .
But it has a knock - on effect on pension benefits .
Mr Barbosa insists that faster growth will allow the government to squeeze payroll and pension spending gently over the coming years .
The BNDES helped sustain investment when the financial markets seized up .
The latest bout of financial turmoil has seen the real depreciate by 5 % or so this month .
But Brazil 's stockpile of international reserves means it is well - placed to withstand market panics .
Mr Barbosa says that the critics should look at the long - term trend , under which real interest rates ( ie , after inflation ) have fallen from up to 20 % in 2003 to between 5 % and 10 % .
Once the new monetary squeeze is over they will fall further , he says .
Certainly many Europeans would love to have Brazil 's problems .
Its economy has acquired underlying strength .
Companies are scurrying to satisfy the demand for consumer goods of a rapidly expanding lower - middle class , while China continues to suck in Brazil 's exports of raw materials .
Productivity is rising .
Costs per unit of labour are increasing at only about half the rate of real wages , reckons José Roberto Mendonça de Barros , a consultant and former finance official .
But commodity prices are starting to weaken .
Faster growth would be more assured if the government made room for lower interest rates and installed better infrastructure .
The next president , elected in October , will have to tackle this .
The economy 's red - hot start to the election year has increased the chance that it will be Lula 's candidate , Dilma Rousseff , who gets the chance to try .
Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials are preparing to roll out a series of changes at several privately owned immigration detention centers , including relaxing some security measures for low - risk detainees and offering art classes , bingo and continental breakfast on the weekends .
The changes , detailed in an internal ICE e-mail obtained by the Houston Chronicle , were welcomed by immigrant advocates who have been waiting for the Obama administration to deliver on a promise made in August to overhaul the nation 's immigration detention system .
The 28 changes identified in the e-mail range from the superficial to the substantive .
In addition to “ softening the look of the facility ” with hanging plants and offering fresh carrot sticks , ICE will allow for the “ free movement ” of low - risk detainees , expand visiting hours and provide unmonitored phone lines .
ICE officials said the changes are part of broader efforts to make the immigration detention system less penal and more humane .
But the plans are prompting protests by ICE 's union leaders , who say they will jeopardize the safety of agents , guards and detainees and increase the bottom line for taxpayers .
Tre Rebstock , president for Local 3332 , the ICE union in Houston , likened the changes to creating “ an all - inclusive resort ” for immigration detainees .
“ Our biggest concern is that someone is going to get hurt , ” he said , taking particular issue with plans to relax restrictions on the movement of low - risk detainees and efforts to reduce and eliminate pat - down searches .
The changes outlined in the ICE e-mail are planned for nine detention centers owned and operated by Corrections Corporation of America , including the 900 - bed Houston Contract Detention Facility on the city 's north side .
Some of the changes will be implemented within 30 days ; others may take up to six months , said Beth Gibson , ICE 's senior counselor to Assistant Secretary John Morton and a leader of the detention reform effort .
Other major changes include :
• Eliminating lockdowns and lights - out for low - risk detainees .
• Allowing visitors to stay as long as they like in a 12 - hour period .
• Providing a unit manger so detainees have someone to report problems to other than the guard .
• Allowing low - risk detainees to wear their own clothing or other non-penal attire .
• Providing e-mail access and Internet - based free phone service .
Not about punishment
Gibson said the improvements are part of ICE 's efforts to detain immigrants in the least restrictive manner possible while ensuring they leave the country if ordered to do so .
“ When people come to our custody , we 're detaining them to effect their removal , ” Gibson said .
“ It 's about deportation .
It 's not about punishing people for a crime they committed . ”
ICE officials have faced pressure from immigrant advocates and some members of Congress to improve the detention conditions for the roughly 400,000 immigrants it houses annually .
The agency has relied on a hodgepodge of more than 250 government - run detention centers , private prisons and local jails to accommodate its growing population — with roughly one in four detainees held in Texas .
At the CCA facilities that have agreed to ICE 's changes , detainees will see more variety in their dining hall menus and have self - serve beverage and fresh vegetable bars .
CCA also plans to offer movie nights , bingo , arts and crafts , dance and cooking classes , tutoring and computer training , the e-mail states .
Detainees also will be allowed four hours or more of recreation “ in a natural setting , allowing for robust aerobic exercise . ”
CCA also committed to improving the look of the facilities , such as requiring plants , fresh paint and new bedding in lower - risk units .
Advocates pleased
Some of the improvements offered at the CCA facilities counted as hard - fought victories for immigrant advocates , including plans to improve visitor and attorney access .
“ A lot of these measures are what we 've been advocating for , ” said Lory Rosenberg , policy and advocacy director for Refugee and Migrants ' Rights for Amnesty International .
“ Many of these points are very important to changing the system from a penal system , which is inappropriate in an immigration context , to a civil detention system . ”
Union members said they have concerns about the plans , primarily focusing on safety .
Rebstocksaid some detainees may be classified as low - risk because they have no serious criminal history but still may be gang members that “ have n't been caught doing anything wrong yet . ”
He also said eliminating lockdowns will make it more difficult to protect detainees from one another .
He said reducing or eliminating pat - down searches could allow contraband into the facilities , including weapons .
Gibson , with ICE , said the agency is developing a sophisticated classification system and will make sure “ that our detainees are still safe and sound . ”
“ As a general matter , it will be the non-criminals who do n't present a danger to anyone else who are benefitting from the lowest level of custody , ” Gibson said .
‘ On the taxpayers ' dime '
Rebstock also questioned the cost to taxpayers for the changes .
“ My grandparents would have loved to have bingo night and a dance class at the retirement home they were in when they passed away , but that was something we would have had to pay for , ” he said .
“ And yet these guys are getting it on the taxpayers ' dime . ”
Gibson said CCA is making the improvements at no additional cost to ICE .
The agency 's contract with CCA for the Houston detention center requires that ICE pay $ 99 per bed daily for each detainee , slightly lower than the $ 102 average daily rate ICE pays nationally .
Rosenberg said some of the changes , like new flower baskets , may seem small , but they will combine with the bigger changes to make a difference in the daily lives of detainees .
“ Taken together they will go some way to making this system less penal , ” she said .
susan.carroll@chron.com
Stabenow : Republicans want to ' create as much pain as possible '
Sen . Debbie Stabenow came right out and said what lots of Democrats think in a conference call with reporters today .
" If [ Republicans ] can stop the recovery from occurring , if they can create as much pain as possible , people will be angry and will not vote at all or will vote against those in the majority , " she sighed .
" This is a very cynical political strategy . "
I 'd say it 's all less sinister than that :
People convince themselves of what 's in their political best interest .
When the economy tanked in 2001 and Republicans stood to bear the blame , suddenly tax cuts -- that is to say , deficit - financed countercyclical spending -- were a great idea .
“ Because the economy is slowing down , I believe it is vital that Congress pass a pro-growth tax cut , " explained Dick Armey .
They went on to pass another round of tax cuts in 2003 , which were also deficit - financed , and the Medicare Prescription Drug Benefit , which was , you guessed it , paid for by adding to the deficit .
Now that unemployment is mired at 9.7 percent and the Republicans stand to gain from the public thinking the Democrats are failures , deficit - financed countercyclical spending suddenly seems like a terrible idea .
Deficits in general seem like a terrible idea , though they 're much more defensible now than they were in 2003 ( and it 's much cheaper for the government to borrow money , and thus run deficits , than it was in 2003 ) .
I do n't question the sincerity with which Republicans are concerned about the deficit .
But if they were in power and the economic fundamentals looked the way they do , I have no doubt that they'd be passing stimulus bills , and quick .
Voters judge the majority party based on economic conditions across the country .
The minority party benefits from the failure of the majority and is able to make the majority fail by massing 41 senators together to filibuster legislation .
And as even the most conservative economist would agree , incentives affect behavior .
This is all playing out much as you 'd expect .
The question is whether this is a wise way to run the government .
Photo credit : By Mark Wilson / Getty Images
I ’m on my big Dragonball Z kick and it got me thinking a bit about the series as a whole and what it did right .
Then again , it got me thinking about what it did wrong .
I started to think of some things that did n’t quite make sense , even after I watched the series a few times in the English translation , then checked the Japanese original subtitles to make sure .
You can do mostly the same thing by buying a DVD set .
I suggest Season One .
Here are my findings for the Top 10 Biggest Plot Holes in Dragonball Z .
10 . Vegeta Hated By Proxy :
I might be stretching a bit here , but this was always something that kind of bugged me .
Vegeta was the “ Big Bad ” of the first major plot arc of the series , though afterward he was generally a good guy , with a few minor exceptions .
Still , a bunch of the Z Fighters can’t tolerate his presence due to their first encounter .
The total number of good guys he killed was actually , uh , zero .
Yamcha was killed by a self - destructing Saibaman ( planted by Nappa ) , Chiaoztu killed himself attacking Nappa , Tien died fighting Nappa , Piccolo died protecting Gohan from Nappa , and uh , well Vegeta did n’t blow up any cities or army folk or anything .
He did , however , kill Nappa ( though it was n’t very nice of him ) .
But still he ’s looked down upon until he proves again and again that he ’s a good guy , even saving Gohan and Krillin ’s lives a few times .
9 . The Afterlife Is More a Suggestion :
When characters die , they go to the Spirit Realm , a place on another plane of existence where there is a check - in station , a Heaven , a Hell , and planets above those where the Kais live to govern everything .
Problem is , these Kais do n’t really do much .
They are supposed to be the “ gods ” of the world , yet they are frequently completely shocked when they discover what Goku and his friends are capable of .
Beyond this , there ’s the problem of villains getting killed and going to the afterlife , yet somehow being controlled by stupid ogres .
When Goku dies ( the first time ) , he asks King Yemma , the guy in charge of the check - in station , if his brother Raditz came by .
King Yemma mentions that Raditz came by and was sent down below .
Goku is amazed by this since Raditz was the strongest fighter they ’ve dealt with at that point and wants King Yemma to train him instead of King Kai , to which Kami says that King Kai is stronger .
Later , after Goku reaches King Kai for training we discover that Vegeta and Nappa are stronger than King Kai and that Goku must become stronger than him in order to stand a chance .
From that point on the villains get stronger and stronger , but they all get sent down below without much problem .
One question though : How ?
If King Yemma is n’t stronger than King Kai , and Vegeta is stronger than King Kai , and Frieza kills Vegeta , how can Frieza be controlled by King Yemma when he is eventually killed ?
Just think about that a bit .
8. Frieza ‘s Family :
Speaking of Frieza , we learn that he is the ruler of the universe and commands a massive empire .
King Kai is terrified when he learns that the Z Fighters have encountered Frieza since Frieza is so dang strong .
It is agreed that Frieza is absolutely the strongest fighter in the universe .
When Goku defeats Frieza in battle everything seems all well and good , but then Frieza comes back as a cyborg … with his father .
Somehow Frieza also has a father named King Cold , a guy that would have to be above Frieza in leadership , though perhaps not strength .
So where ’d this father all of a sudden come from ?
Oh , and Frieza also has a brother named Cooler , though technically he ’s only seen in the non-cannon movies .
Still , strongest guy in the universe , but oops , forgot to mention he has a father that ’s the same race .
There ’s a whole race of these beings , so where are they and why are n’t they all as well known and all powerful as Frieza ?
So many things to consider .
7. The Dragonballs ’ Rules or Lack Thereof :
For a show that ’s called “ Dragonball Z ” they do n’t seem to care about the actual Dragonballs all too much .
It ’s very rare when the Dragon actually needs to be summoned and then it ’s usually only to restore everyone that was just killed in a decisive battle .
The rules go that the Earth Dragon can only grant one wish and he wo n’t grant the same wish more than once .
The Namekian Dragon will grant the same wish all you want , has three wishes , but wo n’t wish back more than one person at a time .
Characters ask from time to time why they do n’t just have the Dragon wish the villain away , with the explanation being that the Dragon is only as powerful as the person that created it , namely Kami , Guru , Dende , and Mori ( all Namekians with unimpressive powers ) .
Yet the Dragon can wish back entire populations , restore planets , grant immortality , and all sorts of other cool powers .
So why ca n’t the makers of the Dragons do those things ?
Not sure , but even worse is when those rules I mentioned stop coming in to play any time they really need those rules not to apply .
For instance , when Goku is wished back to life the first time he loses his halo while still on King Kai ’s planet , followed by having to race back to the check - in station and then to Earth .
Later in the series , all you have to do is wish someone back to life and they instantly appear wherever the plot sees fit , such as in front of the Dragonballs or wherever the character actually died .
It just seemed a bit too much that the item of the show ’s title does n’t even have strict rules or anything as long as the plot needs those rules to be forgotten for a moment or two .
6. Goku ’s Two Escapes From Namek :
Now we ’re really getting serious with our plot holes .
After Goku defeats Frieza he is left on the planet Namek as it is exploding .
We get an episode where he struggles to get back to his ship , fails , tries to get Frieza ’s ship to work , fails to do that , watches it fall into lava , then floats around in the sky as the planet explodes .
We learn he did n’t die somehow , but it is n’t until Trunks shows up that Goku explains what happened .
He says he saw one of the Saiyan - style pod ships falling near Frieza ’s spaceship , jumped into it , and took off right as Frieza ’s ship hits the lava and the planet explodes .
That ’s all good and well except WE SAW THAT SEQUENCE NOT HAPPEN .
The episode with Goku on the exploding planet clearly shows Goku watching Frieza ’s ship fall into lava from way up in the air and then deal with the planet exploding .
You ca n’t show us two separate versions of the same event and tell us , “ Oh yeah , he totally got off somehow .
We were just lying about the first one to trick you . ”
That does n’t cut it , but things get worse .
5. Buu Does n’t Play By His Own Rules :
Majin
Buu is established early on as having the power to turn people into various candies and sweets and then eat them .
This kills them .
It just does .
They become food and are then eaten , being chewed to bits .
When Majin Buu inadvertently creates Evil Buu and is then defeated in combat since he is turned to chocolate , Evil Buu eats him and then transforms into Super Buu .
Okay , a little odd , but whatever .
Later , Super
Buu turns most of the non-essential Z Fighters into chocolate and eats them , which definitely kills them since we see them in the Other World after that .
Jump ahead a bit and Super Buu is absorbing fighters and gaining their powers .
Jump ahead some more and Goku and Vegeta are wandering around Buu ’s innards , rescuing Gohan , Goten , Trunks and Piccolo .
They find them in what they call “ People Pods . ”
They also find Majin Buu , the original fat Majin Buu , in one of these pods .
Huh ?
So what , people are absorbed only when it makes sense ?
Why was n’t Krillin absorbed then when he was eaten ?
Why were n’t millions of the world ’s population not found absorbed in the same fashion ?
Even worse , when Majin Buu is removed from Super Buu he reverts to Kid Buu instead of the gray Evil Buu .
That ’s quite enough of that , so let ’s move on .
4. Planet Vegeta Destroyed 4 Years Ago …23 Years Ago :
This is the first plot hole to appear in the series but it ’s kind of a big one for me .
Raditz shows up and informs
Goku that they ’re brothers and Saiyan warriors , of which there are four left in the universe .
Why ?
Well , their planet blew up , that ’s why .
Raditz says it was a meteor that hit the planet ( something that other characters “ confirm ” with a little flashback scene of it happening ) , though we learn in the very next plot arc that Frieza blew up the planet .
So where ’s the plot hole ( other than the inconsistencies of the explosion ) ?
Raditz says the planet blew up four years ago .
I checked this a few times between the English and the Japanese subtitles and yes , he says four years ( according to our English editions ) .
Problem here is that Planet Vegeta , the Saiyan ’s homeworld , was destroyed right as Goku was leaving it .
Goku is at this point in the series roughly 23 , so , do the math .
Not huge since it ’s just a small error , but still , kind of huge when you consider the fact that it has n’t been fixed even after the “ definitive remastered and redubbed super versions ” I bought .
3. Restore The Earth ; Forget The Rest :
At the end of the series the Earth has been blown up .
Kid Buu succeeds in wasting it pretty handily , making him the most effective villain ( which makes sense as he ’s the final villain of the series ) .
Goku and Vegeta make it off the planet and craft plans to destroy Kid Buu with an elaborate scheme involving a Spirit Bomb made from all the energy from people on Earth .
That means they need the planet back , so they wish the Namekian Dragon to restore the planet , then all the people killed since the beginning of Buu ’s appearance as Majin Buu .
The plot goes off perfectly ( although delayed ) , and Kid Buu is eliminated for good .
But wait a second , what was Kid Buu doing while Goku and Vegeta fled the planet ?
He reformed in space and transported himself to a new planet in search of the two .
Not finding them there he blew up that planet and skipped around from planet to planet blowing up each one until Goku and Vegeta summoned him to the super secret mystical world of the Kais .
Dozens of planets are destroyed , but they only bother to wish the Earth and its inhabitants back to life .
Sure , I get why , what with the plot to make a really powerful Spirit Bomb , but are those other planets so insignificant ?
And what about planets that Vegeta blew up on his way to Earth ?
And for that matter , what about planets Frieza blew up ?
Why not wish Planet Vegeta back ?
Apparently no one else but us Earthlings matter .
Good news for us I suppose .
2. Power Levels Over 9000 :
I ca n’t help myself but bring in the classic joke that the series is still famous for .
In the very first saga when Vegeta and the Saiyans in general are introduced we find out that Vegeta is strong enough to blow up planets when firing directly at them .
Cool .
He fights with Goku and when he clocks his power level he finds out it ’s over 9000 , which is apparently a big deal .
The real fight begins and when the two are powering up Bulma is half way around the world checking their powers with her own scouter which explodes when one of them reaches something like 26,000 .
The planet shakes from this and all sorts of natural disasters occur ( but not enough to destroy the world , for some reaon ) .
The next time a power level is read it ’s Goku ’s on Namek , topping out over 180,000 .
Now we ’re getting big time .
The last known power reading that we can measure by the same standard is Frieza ’s as he claims he has a power level of one million , a fact that pretty much everyone confirms .
Goku transforms into a Super Saiyan and outclasses Frieza , so his power level is well over that million mark .
And powers just keep getting bigger and bigger from there with Super Saiyan 2’s and 3’s and “ Powers like I ’ve never felt before . ”
So if a power level of 26,000 can nearly shake the world apart , why does n’t a power level past one million instantly crumble the planet just from existing ?
These guys have power levels in the millions , probably tens of millions , and they ’re slamming into each other with energy ricocheting all over the place .
How did the Earth not explode just from this ?
Because it would n’t be convenient to the plot of course .
So if this is bad , what ’s the worst offense ?
1. Namek ’s “ Five ” Minutes :
It just could n’t be anything else .
During the Frieza Saga , the villain in question decides he can’t beat Goku as a Super Saiyan and decides to blow up the planet by shooting an energy blast straight to the core .
The planet does n’t blow up right away though .
Frieza gives it “ five minutes ” before it goes .
They make a big deal about the “ five minutes ” thing .
The rest of the fight between Goku and Frieza must happen in “ five minutes . ”
This is what happens in “ five minutes ” : Goku and Frieza fight , Goku allows Frieza to achieve 100 % maximum power , Gohan takes Piccolo back to Goku ’s ship , Gohan finds Bulma and takes her back to the ship as well , Frieza throws Goku into lava , Gohan returns and fights Frieza , Goku returns and fights Frieza again , King Kai has Kami wish all the Namekians back to life , Dende awakens and flies over to the Namekian Dragon and wishes everyone but Goku and Frieza off the planet , Goku and Frieza finish fighting , Frieza decides to keep fighting Goku anyway , Frieza cuts himself in half on accident ( big ol ’ oops ) , Goku saves Frieza ’s life , Frieza has an episode - long flashback about their battle , Frieza attempts to kill Goku AGAIN , Goku shoots one heck of an energy beam back and defeats Frieza , Goku runs around and looks for a way off the planet , Goku causes Number Six on this list , then the planet blows up .
THEN the planet blows up .
All in “ five minutes . ”
That ’s something like ten episodes where the planet is “ five minutes ” from destruction .
You can count up a single episode worth of talking between Goku and Frieza and it equals over five minutes , so how does everything happen in “ five minutes ?
You want my explanation ?
The one that will prove I ’m WAY too much of a geek ?
Okay , here goes : Nobody said the five minutes was in Earth time .
For that matter , no one said it was in Namekian time either .
Frieza comes from some planet that we never get to see , so for all we know “ five minutes ” translates into “ two hours Earth Time . ”
See what I just did ?
I thought way too deep about that .
Still , despite my stretching for an answer , there really is n’t one that the series explains .
None of the characters seem to question this “ five minute ” logic at all , not even to mock Frieza .
And that ’s why it takes the number one spot on my list .
Alright , that was a heck of a list , was n’t it ?
But I ca n’t be the only DBZ fan out there that has way too much time on their hands , right ?
This is your chance to either explain some of these plot holes , or point out some that I missed .
There is bound to be something .
Let me hear it with a comment .
That ’s what the comment buttons are for down there .
You might also enjoy these DBZ articles :
– Ten More Plotholes From DBZ
– Ten Worst Instances of Filler
– Ten Most Awesome Moments of DBZ
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
As the BP leak has dumped thousands of barrels into the Gulf of Mexico each day — and the responses of the oil firm and the Obama administration have been questioned — one critical issue has been the use of dispersants , especially the main dispersants deployed by BP : Corexit 9500 and Corexit 9527 .
The Obama administration and members of Congress have raised concerns about the substances , which are supposedly more toxic than available alternatives .
This week the EPA , with no fanfare , posted on its website the chemical components of these two dispersants .
Here ’s the list :
Chemical Name 1,2 - Propanediol Ethanol , 2 - butoxy - Butanedioic acid , 2 - sulfo- , 1,4 - bis ( 2 - ethylhexyl ) ester , sodium salt ( 1:1 ) Sorbitan , mono -( 9Z ) - 9-octadecenoate Sorbitan , mono - ( 9Z ) - 9- octadecenoate , poly ( oxy - 1,2 - ethanediyl ) derivs .
Sorbitan , tri -( 9Z ) - 9- octadecenoate , poly ( oxy - 1,2- ethanediyl ) derivs 2 - Propanol , 1-( 2- butoxy - 1- methylethoxy ) - Distillates ( petroleum ) , hydrotreated light
We do n’t have on - staff chemists at Mother Jones .
And if you look up these compounds , you find that Sorbitan , for example , is used to make chemicals that allow liquid to spread more easily and allow two liquids to mix better .
But we already knew that — that ’s what dispersants do .
Unfortunately , it ’s hard to determine from the list itself if dumping these chemicals into the Gulf might create more problems than they are supposed to solve .
But we ’ll look for experts who can assess these compounds .
And if you happen to know anything about octadecenoate , let us know .
Update : A spokesman for NALCO , the company that makes Corexit , writes in to scoop [ at ] motherjones [ dot ] com ( You can , too !
Try it ! ) :
A large container ship was manoeuvering around the port of Constanza Romania when a strong wind caught the giant ship broadsides and pushed it towards a Turkish bulk carrier which was getting ready to leave .
The two tugs trying to push the monster were n't powerful enough to prevent the one tug from nearly being submerged .
What is immediately evident - from the report , was the fact that no emergency alarms were sounded to warn crew members - especially those below deck on the tug , and the report questions why the tugs put themselves in such a prec arious position , apparently , they ' usually ' attempt these moves / shoves from the ends of the ship as this gives them more control .
It was expensive for the shipping line who had to pickup the tab for a new tug as the welding had been pulled apart and apparently once that happens , the tug loses some of it's integrity , the above came from the report into the mishap .
At least no - one was injured or killed .
The Law Office of Philip B. Vinick will take the time to understand your legal issues , your values and your goals .
We can offer a variety of legal options to protect your interests while promoting your success .
Learn More ...
Dedicated to Northern New Jersey Clients for More Than 30 Years
The Law Office of Philip B. Vinick is on your side .
If you are considering divorce , suffering from a serious injury , starting a business , purchasing real estate , embroiled in a civil dispute or need comprehensive estate planning , attorney Philip B. Vinick is here to help .
Attorney Vinick has devoted over 30 years of his legal practice to finding the best solutions for his clients ' legal problems and giving them peace of mind .
He has never lost sight of his objectives of rigorously providing his clients with superior legal services , immediate responsiveness and support , unwavering in his commitment to acting with the utmost character and integrity .
No matter what your legal issue is — relax , we 'll handle it .
Contact Essex County litigation attorney Philip B. Vinick online today to schedule a consultation to discuss your questions and concerns .
Otherwise , call our Roseland law office at 973-577-6056 .
We are open during regular business hours , but evening and weekend appointments are available as necessary .
Quality Legal Representation From Experienced Lawyer Philip B. Vinick
Our full - service law firm serves all your civil law needs , including cases involving :
Family law — including divorce , separation agreements , prenuptial and postnuptial agreements , child custody and visitation disputes , alimony and child support determinations , property division , parental relocation , modifications or enforcement of orders , adoptions and paternity actions .
— including divorce , separation agreements , prenuptial and postnuptial agreements , child custody and visitation disputes , alimony and child support determinations , property division , parental relocation , modifications or enforcement of orders , adoptions and paternity actions .
Civil litigation — resolution of personal and business disputes related to breaches of contract , breaches of fiduciary duty , collection actions and professional negligence and malpractice
— resolution of personal and business disputes related to breaches of contract , breaches of fiduciary duty , collection actions and professional negligence and malpractice Residential and commercial real estate — involving the drafting and review of purchase or sale agreements , closings , quiet title actions , land use matters , boundary disputes , zoning issues and landlord - tenant actions
— involving the drafting and review of purchase or sale agreements , closings , quiet title actions , land use matters , boundary disputes , zoning issues and landlord - tenant actions Personal injury — injury claims and property damage caused by motor vehicle accidents , negligent maintenance of property , workplace injuries and defective products
Find out more about our areas of focus .
Contact a New Jersey Family Law Attorney
Call the Law Office of Philip B. Vinick today at 973-577-6056 or contact us online .
Messages left after business hours will be promptly returned .
From our Roseland location we represent clients in the Roseland area , Livingston Township and throughout Essex , Morris , Union and Passaic counties .
This week ’s E3 Expo in Los Angeles will bring an avalanche of details about the hottest new videogames of the next 12 months .
Here ’s an advance glimpse of the games that ’ll be on show .
Above :
Final Fantasy : The 4 Heroes of Light
Sometimes , the old way is the better way .
Gamers who long for the days when enemies ambushed you from out of nowhere will be well served by this new , retro-styled Final Fantasy for the Nintendo DS .
Released in Japan last year , it ’s developed by Matrix , the team that handled the Final Fantasy III and IV remakes for the Nintendo DS .
These guys know old - school , perhaps a bit too much :
When Chris got his hands on the game last year he found it daunting .
Vanquish
Resident Evil creator Shinji Mikami takes a few sly jabs at Americans in this third - person shooter published by Sega .
Platinum Games zeroes in on Western tastes by offering its take on the run , cover and shoot of Gears of War .
But the game is still distinctly Japanese .
There is , after all , no dearth of robots in the trailer .
Of course , cultural stereotypes flow both ways ;
The American citizens doing the old duck - and - cover in the clip in question look fairly well - fed .
Enslaved : Odyssey to the West
The best thing about Ninja Theory ’s Heavenly Sword was the motion - capped acting .
Now , with 28 Days Later scribe Alex Garland and mocap thespian Andy Serkis on board , the Cambridge studio aims to get the gameplay to the same high standards .
Its post - apocalyptic riff on the Chinese novel Journey to the West cribs from solid videogame source material — Ico .
Players control Monkey — the game ’s hero , who is on the hook to protect his captor , a girl named Trip — as they trek through the overgrown , robot - plagued ruins of Western civilization .
Guitar Hero : Warriors of Rock
And you were ticked when Neversoft gave Guitar Hero character Judy Nails a boob job ?
This year , Activision goes the extra mile to differentiate its blockbuster series of music games from the competition by giving characters the power to transform into axe - wielding fantasy heroes .
There ’s a method to the madness :
Players can now embark on a quest to save rock ‘ n ’ roll from the forces of evil with the aid of the legendary Gene Simmons .
And because Guitar Hero has deigned to get all medieval on our asses , the game is doubling down on its commitment to metal with an exclusive new tune from Megadeth ’s Dave Mustaine .
Tentatively raise your devil horns .
Deus Ex : Human Revolution
The year 2027 is a time of great innovation and technological advancement .
It ’s also , apparently , a time when architects , city planners and interior decorators are totally in love with the look and feel of Blade Runner .
The long - awaited follow - up to Ion Storm ’s pioneering cyberpunk shooter imagines a future where the daring go transhuman , augmenting their bodies with technology to make themselves stronger , smarter , or simply more wicked looking .
Does that Van Dyke come in a 30 - GB model ?
Star Wars : Clone Wars Adventures
You may be totally over Star Wars , but your kids or younger siblings are probably just falling in love with Lucas ’ universe — Jar Jar , midi-chlorians and all .
Luckily , they ’re getting a game worth their affections .
Sony Online Entertainment ’s new free - to - play MMO lets kids pal around in a world modeled on the popular Cartoon Network show .
While there , they can pass the time playing a huge array of Star Wars–themed mini-games .
And , if they ’re flush with virtual currency , they can buy new outfits and other virtual swag to customize their character .
Be a good role model : Teach your younglings that rat tails are always a serious fashion faux pas .
Transformers : War for Cybertron
The Autobots and Decepticons were n’t always refugees .
Before they brought their fight to Earth , they battled over energon cubes on their home planet .
This new game from High Moon Studios goes down before the events of the original animated series , which means you care way too much about Transformers lore .
There ’s more good news .
Because the game takes place a long time ago , in a galaxy far , far away , you can be sure that Sam Witwicky has n’t been born yet .
Rock Band 3
Harmonix wants to make you into a rocker .
The latest evolution of its hit music series makes it easier than ever to jam a house party .
But if you ’re serious about honing skills and actually learning to play a real instrument , Harmonix is all about giving you the tools to make that dream come true .
New keytar and guitar peripherals simulate the sensation of playing music as never before .
This goes double for Pro Mode , where players tickle keys and fret strings note - for - note with the actual song .
Take that , Jack White .
Call of Duty : Black Ops
With Modern Warfare maker Infinity Ward gutted , Call of Duty fans will have to get their fix from Treyarch .
Black
Ops rewinds a bit from modernity , taking us to the Vietnam era , when ground wars against communist creep flared up all over the world .
Of course , as part of a top - secret military unit , none of the bad guys you shoot in the head will be mourned in the history books .
Especially the zombie history books , which are a total whitewash .
Kane & Lynch : Dog Days
After all the mayhem that Adam “ Kane ” Marcus and James Seth Lynch caused in the United States , it makes sense that the escaped convicts would flee to Shanghai .
Besides , China makes for awesome videogame levels , what with all that neon and livestock to shoot .
This sequel to the 2007 cooperative third - person shooter gives Lynch something to care about –- a woman .
You ’d think the guy would clean himself up a bit once he found a girlfriend , and yet that wifebeater shirt looks like it has stains from the last game .
Chris Haney was the co-inventor of Trivial Pursuit , one of the best - selling games ever and one that has inspired a raft of trivia questions based on its own success .
What game has the highest per-capita sales in Iceland ?
Which one has had its questions printed on Pringles chips ?
And what game was , at first , titled " Trivia Pursuit , " until its inventor 's wife suggested the name as a sly joke ?
Mr. Haney , who died Monday at age 59 after a long illness , came up with the game one evening in 1979 while sharing a few beers with a friend and fellow Canadian journalist , Scott Abbott , and discussing what a great business Scrabble must be .
" We had spent a lot of time sitting in taverns ruminating about weird facts , " Mr. Abbott told Britain 's Express newspaper in 2004 .
After producing a rudimentary Parcheesi - like board design and scraping together investment funds from friends and family , the two set about producing 6,000 trivia questions that would be the heart of Trivial Pursuit .
Initial categories included geography , entertainment , history , art & literature , science & nature , sports & leisure .
"
It got so all - consuming that we could n't sit down at lunch without reading the ketchup bottle label , " Mr. Abbott said in an interview .
In 1980 , Mr. Haney quit his job as photo editor at the Montreal Gazette and traveled with a pile of reference books to Spain aboard a ship — flying made him nervous .
He spent nearly a year on the Costa del Sol writing questions .
Back in Canada in 1981 , the two inventors began producing the game as Horn Abbot Ltd. , combing Mr. Haney 's nickname with a version of Mr. Abbott 's last name .
But , the start - up process had proven stressful for Mr. Haney , who spent the months leading up to Trivial Pursuit 's official 1982 release in seclusion .
Business conversations gave him panic attacks , which he could control only by copious amounts of brandy and up to four packs of Camel cigarettes a day , he told Canada 's Globe and Mail in 1983 .
After a slow start , Trivial Pursuit took off as had no game in recent years — Monopoly was introduced in 1930 and Scrabble in 1952 ( each game had predecessors ) .
In a guerilla marketing coup , the game was mailed gratis to celebrities who appeared as answers to Trivial Pursuit questions .
This helped spark a trivia craze , and in 1984 , Trivial Pursuit sold 20 million copies in North America .
Total sales are over 100 million around the world , said Hasbro , which bought the brand from its inventors in 2008 for $ 80 million .
The game has been translated into dozens of languages , a process that involves coming up with entirely new lists of questions to suit local knowledge .
In the wake of Trivial Pursuit came a new wave of adult - oriented board games .Q: What does Trivial Pursuit have in common with two other popular board games of the 1980s , Pictionary and Balderdash ?
A : Their creators were all Canadians ( Yahtzee — originally " The Yacht Game " — was also a Canadian invention ) .
Profiles of Mr. Haney , a large man who sported a scraggly handle - bar moustache , frequently noted the cigarette holes burned in his jeans even while he was getting rich on game royalties .
He described himself to the Wall Street Journal in 1984 as " just a beer - swilling blue - jeaner .
"
In the late 1980s , when Mr. Haney found himself unable to get a tee - off time at his golf club , he once more teamed with Mr. Abbott , this time to build an extravagant Country Club called Devil 's Pulpit .
The course features two 18 - hole golf courses with views of the Toronto skyline in the distance .
When it was preparing to open in 1989 , Mr. Haney announced a series of Trivial Pursuit - style factoids : that his course at $ 19 million to construct was the most expensive in Canadian history ; that it took the most sod of any Canadian course ( 80 acres ) ; and had the largest sand trap ( a 250 - yard beach ) .
For more unusual ways to make money , visit this site [ Via - The Wall Street Journal
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
The Ferrari team has confirmed that Pat Fry will join the Italian squad at the start of next month , following his exit from McLaren .
Fry , 46 , worked for the McLaren team as chief engineer , before leaving the British outfit earlier this year following 18 years in the team .
Ferrari confirmed on Tuesday that Fry will join on 1st July , when he will start working in the new role of assistant technical director .
Fry will report directly to technical director Aldo Costa , while the current structure of the technical department remains unchanged .
McLaren team boss Martin Whitmarsh said last month that he was confident his team would not be hurt by Fry 's exit .
" Pat 's been with the company for about 18 years , so he 's made a great contribution to the team over a number of years , " said Whitmarsh .
" I think it was probably good for him , the right decision for him to take a bit of a break , take a breather .
I think he 's worked very hard for the team for a number of years .
" Within our team , then , I think we 've got quite a bit of a talent and depth , so in these situations it 's a great opportunity for someone younger , maybe hungrier , to come along and replace all of us .
" We 're all replaceable .
I think the process will be the same but we 're manned with fresh new engineers . "
The Chicago Tribunes James Oliphant reports :  According to records at the William J. Clinton Presidential Library in Little Rock , Ark. , she also drafted an executive order restricting the importation of certain semiautomatic assault rifles . 
When ban was announced , Clinton staffer Jose Cerda stated ,  We are taking the law and bending it as far as we can to capture a whole new class of guns . 
[ Los Angeles Times , Oct. 22 , 1997 ] .
The import ban was made permanent in the spring of 1998 .
Heres an explanation I wrote , as part of an article on Rahm Emanuel for Americas 1st Freedom , which is a NRA member magazine :
In 1998 , Clinton forbade the import of 58 types of firearms and their accessories .
. . .
Armed Response : A Comp ... David Kenik Best Price : $ 1.23 Buy New $ 6.99 ( as of 11:40 EST - Details )
Emanuel defended the ban on The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer , repeatedly claiming that the banned guns were military weapons , not sporting weapons . 
 Those weapons were designed for one purpose  military  and they dont belong on our streets ,  he insisted .
Emanuel asserted that Clinton had banned  the AK - 47 ,  which was pure nonsense .
The AK - 47 , which is a fully automatic rifle , was not covered by the import ban .
Indeed , not one of the guns banned was an automatic , nor were any of the guns manufactured primarily for military use .
All the banned guns were used in target competitions .
Some had names like  Hunter or  Sporter . 
So how did Clinton and Emanuel get around the 1986 federal law requiring that imports must be allowed if the gun is particularly suitable for or readily adaptable to sporting purposes  ?
Emanuel argued that it was permissible to ban the guns because [ a Treasury study found that ] comments from hunting guides showed that the guns were rarely recommended for hunting trips .
As if the only gun that is a sporting  gun is one used by people who can afford to take trips with a professional guide .
Read the rest of the article
May 13 , 2010
Around 250 protesters have pelted the US consulate office in Auckand with shoes in a demonstration against last week 's action by Israeli forces against a peace flotilla en route to Gaza .
Activists today marched through Auckland calling for comprehensive sanctions against the Israeli government .
Organised by Global Peace and Justice Auckland , the protesters gathered at Aotea Square to express anger at Monday 's killing of humanitarian aid workers by Israeli troops and to call for an end to the Israeli government 's occupation and blockade of the Gaza strip .
Nine humanitarian aid workers - eight Turks and an American of Turkish origin - were killed when Israeli commandos stormed a flotilla of boats travelling to Gaza to bring food and aid materials .
The Israeli troops have been accused of war crimes , although the troops say they fired in self - defence - Israel says the flotilla was used by activists intending violence .
The Auckland protest group , led by veteran protester John Minto , marched from Aotea Square to Customs Street where they then threw shoes at the US consulate building .
They also burned an Israeli flag .
The throwing of shoes has become a symbol of opposition to US and Israeli policy in the Middle East after an Iraqi journalist hurled his shoes at then - US President George W Bush , during a press conference in December 2008 .
'' The sole of the shoe is dirty and holding up that to a person or a place is an insult .
I guess it 's the middle East equivalent of the whakapohane - the baring of the buttocks , '' Minto said .
He compared Israel 's policies to that of the former apartheid South Africa and said the US consulate was being targeted because of its support of Israel .
'' Israel only follows these policies because they have the full backing of the US .
Without that Israel would not be able to survive as the apartheid state which it is . ''
Green MP Keith Locke addressed the crowd of protesters .
" We have to stand up , like we are today , to put pressure on the Government to support the Palestinian people , " he said .
The Importance of Wetlands
by Lakis Polycarpou | June 9 , 2010
As we continue to see ever - more disturbing images on the shores of Louisiana from the gulf oil spill , it ’s worth thinking again about the immense ecological importance of wetlands and why they must be protected .
Oil from the leak has already filtered up from the beaches into Louisiana ’s coastal wetlands , killing wildlife there .
Ironically , last May was American Wetlands Month .
Source : U.S. Coast Guard
What are wetlands ?
The EPA describes them as “ the vital link between the land and the water .
They are transition zones where the flow of water , the cycling of nutrients , and the energy of the sun meet to produce a unique ecosystem . ”
Wetlands can be coastal or inland , saltwater , freshwater or brackish .
In the United States they generally fall into four categories : marshes , swamps , bogs and fens .
Wetlands have sometimes been called “ nurseries of life ” providing safe habitat for the young of many fish , crabs and other small creatures before they are old enough to venture into open waters .
In addition , wetlands provide homes for an immense diversity of plants , amphibians , reptiles , mammals and migrating waterfowl .
Source : Martyn Negaro on Flickr
According the U.S. Geological Survey , coastal wetlands are among the most productive ecosystems in the world , [ PDF ] and among the most vulnerable to climate - change related seawater rise .
Loss of wetland habitats in the last thirty years has been a leading cause of species extinction .
Aside from their inherent value to nature , what do wetlands do for us ?
Flood control ( by acting as a “ sponge ” barrier to fast moving water ) , silt catching and erosion control ( through the roots of wetland vegetation ) are only a few of the most important functions .
By acting as a sponge , wetlands also store water , absorbing it during the wet season and slowly releasing it during the dry season , mitigating the effect of drought .
Last but not least , wetlands purify water , through a symbiotic relationship between plant roots and periphyton — a complex of algae and microorganisms — that break down organic compounds .
Natural wetlands are so good at cleaning water that they have become the model for inexpensive , cutting - edge waste management systems .
All of which makes the current crisis in the gulf all the more tragic .
According to most scientists , cleaning up oil in wetlands is much more difficult than on beaches .
As Marc LaSalle , a Mississippi ecologist , told the Associated Press , “ When the marshlands are not being mutilated by man , they ’re pretty resilient . . .
A healthy marsh can tolerate a hurricane ; it ’s natural .
But an oil spill is not natural , and the marshes have never seen oil at this level .
We just have to hope they can shut this thing off quickly . ”
Louisiana wetlands seen from above .
Source : Stevesheriw on Flickr
There are a couple of new dvd / blu-ray releases out today .
‘ The Book of Eli ’ , starring Denzel Washington and Gary Oldman , is the highest profile release of the week .
The film received decent reviews when it came out this past January , and grossed $ 95 million at the box office .
The film was directed by the Hughes Brothers ( ‘ Menace II Society ’ ) .
Also , out today are two other low profile releases from this past January .
‘ When In Rome ’ , starring Kristen Bell and Josh Duhamel , is a romantic comedy that finds many different men pursuing Bell ’s character after she steals some coins from a reputed fountain of love .
Michael Cera ’s latest , ‘ Youth In Revolt ’ , debuts as well , and the film finds him in the familiar role of teen looking for love , and develops a bad side to make himself more interesting .
Yesterday , I reported that Sam Raimi may be directing the ‘ Wizard of Oz ’ prequel , titled ‘ Oz , the Great and Powerful ’ .
Well , today , news broke that Raimi has indeed inked a deal with Disney to direct and that the film is being made as a vehicle for Robert Downey , Jr . The current script is being tweaked and no release date has been set yet .
The prequel to John Carpenter ’s ‘ The Thing ’ , which has the same title , will be released April 29 , 2011 , which is two weeks after ‘ Scream 4 ’ and one week after ‘ Red Riding Hood ’ ( directed by Catherine Hardwick , starring Amanda Seyfried ) .
I like to reserve judgment on most films , but I do n’t think they should mess with this one .
Carpenter ’s film is a classic , and I just think it should be left alone .
Hope it surprises me , because this prequel has a lot to live up to .
AT&T Says They Don't Need More Android Phones
I stumbled across a press release the other day from AT&T stating that “ we ’re happy where we are with Android compared to Verizon . ”
Okay , it ’s not a terrible sentiment and if I did n’t read more into it I would have just let it go .
But ! since I did read more into it here is what I gather .
AT&T currently has only two Android phones in their lineup , those being the Motorola Backflip and the HTC Aria which only recently released .
Randall Stephenson who is “ AT&T ’s controversy - riddled CEO ” ( Phandroid.com , 2010 ) went on record saying AT&T ’s business with Google and Android is fine where it is and continuing to grow .
Admittedly I have heard they are releasing the Dell Streak which I wrote an article about , but I do n’t know how much truth is in that .
In any case with the plethora of new Android devices now out there AT&T could easily include more handsets in there lineup , but I believe choose not to .
AT&T has never really been in support of the open source movement and it shows in their business decisions .
Actions like the capping of their network download despite claiming they have tons of capacity or selling their soul to have an exclusive contract for the iPhone with the least open company in the world , Apple .
I could go on but I read a piece by Quentyn Kennemer that I felt summarized my feelings quite well :
Randall also comments on their desire to push Yahoo !
Search on most of their devices , stating they do n’t like Google ’s decision on keeping their own search engine as the operating system ’s default .
The reason ?
It ’s anti-open - source .
I ’m not going to go too deep with trying to argue Randall ’s statements , but how is being given the ability to change Android ’s default search and services experience to whatever you want “ anti-open - source ” ?
Would n’t it be more “ anti-open ” to flatout deny the customization of Android in any way you want ?
Is n’t it more “ anti-open ” to strip your devices of their natural ability to go above and beyond what an “ app store ” or the Android market provides ?
I ’m not going to question Stephenson ’s true stance in throwing these thoughts out in the air , but I will sign off of this story using one of my favorite quotes since I was a child : the apple does n’t fall far from the tree .
Say what you will but I do n’t see Android as evil especially coming from a company that has the motto of “ Do no evil . ”
Open source is not the best thing since canned bread for everyone but it certainly makes quite a positive impact on the world .
The Michigan Home Based Child Care Council ( MHBCCC ) , a controversial government agency that the legislature attempted to defund but was kept alive by the Michigan Department of Human Services , said in a June 2 letter it does n't have a job description for its $ 80,000 executive director position and does n't track the hours of its top executive .
But once contacted by Michigan Capitol Confidential , MHBCCC Executive Director D. Elizabeth Jordan stated Saturday in an e-mail the agency would provide a job description .
Jordan 's e-mail said there were no time sheets .
The government agency replied to a Freedom Of Information Act request by the Mackinac Center For Public Policy in a June 2 letter .
It stated :
" Executive Director Time Sheets or other records which demonstrate hours spent on the job on MHBCCC - related business and which explain the fulfillment of the aforementioned job description and requirements .
Please be advised that no such documents exist . "
Jordan signed the June 2 letter that stated there were no documents on her job .
Jordan 's salary is $ 80,000 a year .
The MHBCC was created by the Michigan Department of Human Services and Mott Community College to act as a so - called employer of the state 's 40,000 home - based child care providers and business owners .
The MHBCCC signed a contract with a government employee union called Child Care Providers Together Michigan that allows the MHBCCC to collect union dues from the home - based workers and employers .
Earlier this year , the state legislature cut the funding for the MHBCCC but the Department of Human Services kept it alive by find other funds within its budget .
After various websites noted a curious surge in votes Tuesday for a contestant in Oprah Winfrey ’s “ Your OWN Show ” contest , OWN , the television network Winfrey will launch in January , confirms to EW it is investigating .
The online contest is really a search for contestants for an OWN reality series in which competitors will then vie for their own show on the network .
Until yesterday , Zach Anner , a witty wheelchair - bound Texan who explains in his video that he has cerebral palsy ( “ the sexiest of the palsies ” ) and pitches “ a travel show for people who never thought they could travel , ” held a commanding lead .
But in the afternoon , contestant Dr. Phyllis — who proposes a reality show on teachers because the drama is in the classroom , rather convincingly — took the top spot by amassing votes at a rate that spurred some techno - savvy readers into sleuth mode .
Geekosystem has a detailed breakdown of the various claims ( complete with graphs ) , among them that for at least a few hours , the source code for Phyllis ’ “ Vote ” button differed from that of all the other contestants and that as quickly as her vote - per - minute average rose it dropped later that day ( from 1,923 votes a minute to 3 ) .
Contacted by EW , a spokesperson for OWN issued the following statement : “ The online voting rules for the ‘ Your OWN Show ’ video submission competition were carefully crafted to be fair to everyone .
Any allegations of impropriety will be investigated and the appropriate actions taken to keep the process unbiased . ”
( As of 5:15 p.m. ET Wednesday , Anner was back in the lead , by a margin of more than 400,000 votes ; Dr. Phyllis could not be reached for comment . )
Who is poor in America ?
This is not an easy question to answer , and the Obama administration would make it harder .
It 's hard because there 's no conclusive definition of poverty .
Low income matters , though how low is unclear .
Poverty is also a mind - set that fosters self - defeating behavior -- bad work habits , family breakdown , out - of - wedlock births and addictions .
Finally , poverty results from lousy luck : accidents , job losses , disability .
Despite poverty 's messiness , we 've tended to measure progress against it by a single statistic , the federal poverty line .
It was originally designed in the early 1960s by Mollie Orshansky , an analyst at the Social Security Administration , and became part of Lyndon Johnson 's War on Poverty .
She took the Agriculture Department 's estimated cost for a bare - bones -- but adequate -- diet and multiplied it by three .
That figure is adjusted annually for inflation .
In 2008 , the poverty threshold was $ 21,834 for a four - member family with two children under 18 .
By this measure , we have n't made much progress .
Except for recessions , when the poverty rate can rise to 15 percent , it has stayed in a narrow range for decades .
In 2007 -- the peak of the last business cycle -- the poverty rate was 12.5 percent ; one out of eight Americans was " poor . "
In 1969 , another business cycle peak , the poverty rate was 12.1 percent .
But the apparent lack of progress is misleading for two reasons .
First , it ignores immigration , which has increased reported poverty .
Many immigrants are poor and low - skilled .
From 1989 to 2007 , about three - quarters of the increase in the poverty population occurred among Hispanics -- mostly immigrants , their children and grandchildren .
The poverty rate for blacks fell during this period , though it was still much too high ( 24.5 percent in 2007 ) .
Poverty " experts " do n't dwell on immigration , because it implies that more restrictive policies might reduce U.S. poverty .
Second , the poor 's material well - being has improved .
The official poverty measure obscures this by counting only pre-tax cash income and ignoring other sources of support .
These include the earned - income tax credit ( a rebate to low - income workers ) , food stamps , health insurance ( Medicaid ) , and housing and energy subsidies .
Spending by poor households from all sources may be double their reported income , reports a study by Nicholas Eberstadt of the American Enterprise Institute .
Although many poor live hand - to - mouth , they 've participated in rising living standards .
In 2005 , 91 percent had microwaves , 79 percent air conditioning and 48 percent cellphones .
The existing poverty line could be improved by adding some income sources and subtracting some expenses ( example : child care ) .
Unfortunately , the administration 's proposal for a " supplemental poverty measure " in 2011 -- to complement , not replace , the existing poverty line -- goes beyond these changes .
The new poverty number would compound public confusion .
It also raises questions about whether the statistic is tailored to favor a political agenda .
The " supplemental measure " ties the poverty threshold to what the poorest third of Americans spend on food , housing , clothes and utilities .
The actual threshold -- not yet calculated -- will almost certainly be higher than today 's poverty line .
Moreover , the new definition has strange consequences .
Suppose that all Americans doubled their incomes tomorrow , and suppose that their spending on food , clothing , housing and utilities also doubled .
That would seem to signify less poverty -- but not by the new poverty measure .
It would n't decline , because the poverty threshold would go up as spending went up .
Many Americans would find this weird : People get richer but " poverty " stays stuck .
What produces this outcome is a different view of poverty .
The present concept is an absolute one :
The poverty threshold reflects the amount estimated to meet basic needs .
By contrast , the supplemental measure embraces a relative notion of poverty : People are automatically poor if they 're a given distance from the top , even if their incomes are increasing .
The idea is that they suffer psychological deprivation by being far outside the mainstream .
The math of this relative definition makes it hard for people at the bottom ever to escape " poverty . "
The new indicator is a " propaganda device " to promote income redistribution by showing that poverty is stubborn or increasing , says the Heritage Foundation 's Robert Rector .
He has a point .
The Census Bureau has estimated statistics similar to the administration 's proposal .
In 2008 , the traditional poverty rate was 13.2 percent ; estimates of the new statistic range up to 17 percent .
The new poverty statistic exceeds the old , and the gap grows larger over time .
To paraphrase the late Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan :
The administration is defining poverty up .
It 's legitimate to debate how much we should aid the poor or try to reduce economic inequality .
But the debate should not be skewed by misleading statistics that not one American in 100,000 could possibly understand .
Government statistics should strive for political neutrality .
This one fails .
British journalists - and British journals - are being manipulated by the secret intelligence agencies , and I think we ought to try and put a stop to it .
The manipulation takes three forms .
The first is the attempt to recruit journalists to spy on other people , or to go themselves under journalistic " cover " .
This occurs today and it has gone on for years .
It is dangerous , not only for the journalist concerned , but for other journalists who get tarred with the espionage brush .
Farzad Bazoft was a colleague of mine on the Observer when he was executed by Saddam Hussein for espionage .
In a sense it did n't matter whether he was really a spy or not .
Either way , he ended up dead .
The second form of manipulation that worries me is when intelligence officers are allowed to pose as journalists in order to write tendentious articles under false names .
Evidence of this only rarely comes to light , but two examples have surfaced recently , mainly because of the whistleblowing activities of a couple of renegade officers - David Shayler from MI5 and Richard Tomlinson from MI6 .
The third sort of manipulation is the most insidious - when intelligence agency propaganda stories are planted on willing journalists , who disguise their origin from their readers .
There is - or has been until recently - a very active programme by the secret agencies to colour what appears in the British press , called , if publications by various defectors can be believed , information operations , or " I / Ops " .
I am - unusually - in a position to provide some information about its operations .
Let us take the third allegation first .
Black propaganda - false material where the source is disguised - has been a tool of British intelligence agencies since the days of the second world war , when the Special Operations Executive ( SOE ) got up to all kinds of tricks with clandestine radio stations , to drip pornography and pessimism into the ears of impressionable German soldiers .
Post - war , this unwholesome game mutated into the anti-Soviet Information Research Department ( IRD ) .
Its task was ostensibly to plant anti-communist stories in the developing - world press , but its lurid tales of Marxist drunkenness and corruption sometimes leaked back to confuse the readers of the British media .
A colourful example of the way these techniques expanded to meet the exigencies of the hour came in the early 70s , when the readers of the News of the World were treated to a front - page splash , " Russian sub in IRA plot sensation " , complete with aerial photograph of the conning tower of a Soviet sub awash off the coast of Donegal .
That was the work of Hugh Mooney of the IRD , which was eventually closed down in 1977 .
Its spirit did not die , however .
Nearly 25 years later , readers of the Sunday Telegraph were regaled with with the dramatic story of the son of Libya 's Colonel Gadafy and his alleged connection to a currency counterfeiting plan .
The story was written by Con Coughlin , the paper 's chief foreign correspondent and it was falsely attributed to a " British banking official " .
In fact , it had been given to him by officers of MI6 , who , it transpired , had been supplying Coughlin with material for years .
The origins of that November 1995 newspaper article only came to light when they were recently disclosed by Mark Hollingsworth , the biographer of renegade security service officer David Shayler .
Shayler had worked on MI5's Libya desk at the time , in liaison with his counterparts in the foreign espionage service , MI6 , and had come away with a detailed knowledge of events , and a bundle of secret documents to back them up .
The allegations were confirmed from an unexpected direction .
The Sunday Telegraph was served with a libel writ by Gadafy 's son .
The paper was unable to back up its suggestion that Gadafy junior might have been linked to a fraud , but pleaded , in effect , that it had been supplied with the material by the government .
In a long and detailed statement , which entered the public domain in the course of a judgment given in an interlocutory appeal on October 28 1998 , the paper described how , under Charles Moore 's editorship , a lunch had been arranged with the then Conservative foreign secretary , Malcolm Rifkind , at which Con Coughlin had been present .
Told by Rifkind that countries such as Iran were trying to get hold of hard currency to beat sanctions , Coughlin was later briefed by an MI6 man - his regular contact .
Some weeks later , he was introduced to a second MI6 man , who spent several hours with him and handed over extensive details of the story about Gadafy 's son .
Although Coughlin asked for evidence , and was shown purported bank statements , the pleadings make clear that he was dependent on MI6 for the discreditable details about the alleged counterfeiting scam .
He was required to keep the source strictly confidential .
Throughout the formal pleadings , the Telegraph preserved the figleaf of its sources by referring to a " Western government security agency " .
But this veil of coyness was blown away by City solicitor David Hooper in his book on libel published last month , Reputations Under Fire , in which he says : " In reality [ they were ] members of MI6 . "
So , unusually , an MI6 exercise in planting a story has been laid bare .
Now , there is no suggestion that Con Coughlin is dishonest in his work .
He is a perfectly conscientious journalist who I expect did his best to substantiate his facts and undoubtedly believed in their truth .
But nevertheless , those facts may not have been true .
And I believe he made a serious mistake in falsely attributing his story to a " British banking official " .
His readers ought to know where his material is coming from .
When the Sunday Telegraph got into trouble with the libel case , it seems , after all , to have suddenly found it possible to become a lot more specific about its sources .
This was not an isolated example of recent MI6 I / Ops .
In August 1997 , the present foreign editor of the Independent , Leonard Doyle , was also in contact with MI6 while he was at his previous post at the Observer .
I know , because I became involved in an MI6 - inspired story as a result .
Doyle 's MI6 contact supplied him with intelligence information about an Iranian exile who , while running a pizza business in Glasgow , was also attempting to lay hands on a sophisticated mass spectrometer which could be used for measuring uranium enrichment - a key stage in acquiring components for a nuclear bomb .
We were supplied with a mass of apparently high - quality intelligence from MI6 , including surveillance details of a meeting in an Istanbul hotel between our pizza merchant and men involved in Iranian nuclear procurement .
I should make clear that we did not publish merely on the say - so of MI6 .
We travelled to Glasgow , confronted the pizza merchant , and only when he admitted that he had been dealing with representatives of the nuclear industry in Iran did we publish an article .
In that story we made it plain that our target had been watched by Western intelligence .
Nevertheless , I felt uneasy , and vowed never to take part in such an exercise again .
Although all parties , from the foreign editor down , behaved scrupulously , we had been obliged to conceal from our readers the full facts and had ended up , in effect , acting as government agents .
Now , after the Tomlinson / Shayler defections and the subsequent revelation of MI6's continuing I / Ops programme of which my Iranian experience was plainly a part , I think the cause of honest journalism is best served by candour .
We all ought to come clean about these approaches , and devise some ethics to deal with them .
In our vanity , we imagine that we control these sources .
But the truth is that they are very deliberately seeking to control us .
The second intelligence tactic of manipulation which gives concern is the habit of allowing spies to write under false names .
It was Tomlinson , I suspect , who , having worked in the area , first blew the whistle on this one .
And it was a recently published book - MI6 by Stephen Dorril - which once again added the final piece of the jigsaw .
Two articles appeared in the Spectator in early 1994 under the byline Kenneth Roberts .
They were datelined Sarajevo , and Roberts was described as having been working with the UN in Bosnia as an adviser .
In fact , he was MI6 officer Keith Robert Craig ( the pseudonym was a simple one ) , whose local cover was as a civilian " attached " to the British military unit 's Balkan secretariat .
At the time , Bosnia was the site of attacks and atrocities from neighbouring Serbia , and also the focus of some passionate reporting from British journalists .
The British military was there in a UN peacekeeping role , but anyone who read Roberts 's articles might have begun to wonder whether it was not a better policy for British troops to go home and leave the Serbs a free hand .
The first article on February 5 rehearsed arguments for a UN withdrawal , pointing out that all sides committed atrocities .
The second piece complained , baselessly , about " warped " and inaccurate reporting by journalists , including the BBC's Kate Adie .
It is possible , of course , that Craig was merely overcome with private literary urges whilst marooned in the Balkans , and thought it more politic to express his own opinions under a nom de plume .
But one of the traditional roles of I / Ops is to plant stories .
What is not clear is how the introduction to the Spectator was made , or whether Craig confided his real trade to the then editor of the Spectator , Dominic Lawson .
In his recent book about MI6 , Stephen Dorril points out that Dominic Lawson 's brother - in - law , Anthony Monckton , was himself a serving MI6 officer , who was to take over the Zagreb station in the Balkans in 1996 .
( Rosa Monckton , his sister and Dominic Lawson 's wife , was the late Princess Diana 's close friend . )
These relationships - which the disenchanted Tomlinson knew all about because he had himself served undercover in the Balkans in the same time - frame - have only slowly emerged into the public domain .
There is no reason to believe the then editor of the Spectator did anything improper at all , and certainly no reason to think that he was acting as an agent of MI6 , whether paid or unpaid .
But , as an editor , wittingly or not , it must be a bad idea to end up in a position where an MI6 officer is writing for your publication on matters of political controversy , under a false name .
The final malpractice which the Tomlinson / Shayler defections have brought to light is the continuing deliberate blurring by MI6 of the line between journalist and spy .
This is an old crime - Kim Philby , former foreign correspondent of the Observer would have had plenty of stories to tell about that .
But it should be exposed and stopped .
Tomlinson himself , by his own account , spent six months in 1993 travelling around Croatia and Serbia trying to recruit informants , under the guise of a British journalist .
Dorril , in his book , publishes the further assertion that the Spectator itself was unknowingly used as cover by no fewer than three MI6 officers working in Bosnia , Belgrade and Moldova .
The most dismaying allegation floated by Tomlinson was that he had heard within MI6 of a " national newspaper editor " who was used as an agent , and had received up to £ 100,000 in covert payments , accessed at an offshore bank , via a false passport obligingly supplied by MI6 itself .
This claim set off a hue and cry , during which the hapless Dominic Lawson , now editor of the Sunday Telegraph , issued his denial , and other editors came under suspicious scrutiny .
In fact , I believe Tomlinson has been wrongly reported .
Those who have talked to him in detail say that he has no first - hand knowledge , but merely knew of something a colleague obliquely mentioned .
Hearing the words " editor " and " national newspaper " , Tomlinson jumped to the wrong conclusion , and then started guessing .
Spies are , after all , very like journalists in their methods - but merely less reliable .
What those in the newspaper business know is that there is all the difference in the world between " the editor " and " an editor " .
Newspapers have , for example , education editors , environment editors and defence editors ( not , I should say , that I have any evidence against any individual members of these categories ) .
And a senior journalist at that level - who could travel , see things , report back - would be of more practical use in the business of espionage than , say , the editor of any national newspaper .
So the hunt is still on for the miscreant .
And , make no mistake , this kind of behaviour by journalists is dangerous and wrong .
Our first task as practitioners is to document what goes on in this very furtive field .
Our second task ought to be to hold an open debate on what the proper relations between the intelligence agencies and the media ought to be .
And our final task must then be to find ways of actually behaving more sensibly .
This article appears in the current edition of the British Journalism Review .
Copies , £ 4.95 from BR&D Ltd ( 01702 552912 ) .
www.bjr.org.uk
Some Fed economist ( with a hard - earned Ph.D mind you ) named Kartik Athreya ( who lasted at Citigroup as an associate Vice President for a whopping 7 months before getting sacked in 1998 only to find solace for his expiring unemployment benefits in the public sector ) has written the most idiotic " research " piece to come out of the Federal Reserve since 1913 , and the Fed has written a lot of idiotic research since then - after all you do n't destroy 98 % of the dollar 's purchasing power in 97 years with non-idiotic research .
But this just takes the cake .
In " Economics is Hard . Do n’t Let Bloggers Tell You Otherwise " Kartik says : " I argue that neither non-economist bloggers , nor economists who portray economics — especially macroeconomic policy — as a simple enterprise with clear conclusions , are likely to contribute any insight to discussion of economics and , as a result , should be ignored by an open - minded lay public . "
Alas , all Kartik achieves is to convince the general public that feeding Fed " economists " alcohol after midnight and letting them directly upload their resultant gibberish to the Fed 's broad RSS feed the second they think they have a coherent thought , is generally a disastrous idea .
In his piece , which has no other intention than to discredit and outright malign bloggers such as Matt Yglesias , John Stossel , Robert Samuelson , and Robert Reich , Athreya says : " In what follows I will argue that it is exceedingly unlikely that these authors have anything interesting to say about economic policy .
This sounds mean - spirited , but it ’s not meant to be , and I ’ll explain why . "
Instead in what follows , the Fed presents 4 pages of thoughts so meandering , that the author 's blood alcohol level must have certainly been well above the legal norm for the duration of the writing of this ad hominem pamphlet .
Amusingly , the Fed shows that it also enjoys cannibalizing its own most vocal defenders :
The list of those exhibiting this zest also includes , in addition to those mentioned above , some who might know better .
They are the patron saints of the “ Macroeconomic Policy is Easy : Only Idiots Do n’t Think So ” movement : Paul Krugman and Brad Delong .
Either of these men will assure their readers that it ’s all really very simple ( and may even be found in Keynes ’ writings ) .
Lastly , before you dismiss me as a right - or left - winger , I am not .
I ’m simply less comfortable with ex cathedra pronouncements and speculations than the people I have named .
( Somewhat strangely , in an earlier era Paul Krugman very effectively took the same sort of “ accidental theorist ” to task , so what I ’m saying is really a bit of a rehash of his arguments . )
Here are some of the pearls of wisdom contained in this stunning paper :
Before I continue , here ’s who I am :
The relevant fact is that I work as a rank - and - file PhD economist operating within a central banking system .
I have contributed no earth - shaking ideas to Economics and work fundamentally as a worker bee chipping away with known tools at portions of larger problems .
Why should anyone accept uncritically that Economics , or any field of human endeavor , for that matter , should be easy either to process or contribute to ?
To some extent , people do n’t .
Would anyone tolerate the equivalent level of public discussion on cancer research ?
Most of us readily accept the proposition that Oncology requires training , and rarely give time over to non-medical - professionals ’ musings .
Do we expect advances in cell - biology to be immediately accessible to anyone with even a college degree ?
Science journalists routinely cite specific studies that have appeared in specific journals .
They generally do not engage in passing their own untrained speculations off as insights .
But economic blogging and much journalism largely does not operate this way .
Naifs write books , and sell many of them too .
People as varied as Matt Ridley and William Greider make book - length statements about economics .
I ’ve never done that , and this is my job .
This is , to say the very least , bizarre .
So far , I ’ve claimed something a bit obnoxious - sounding : that writers who have not taken a year of PhD coursework in a decent economics department ( and passed their PhD qualifying exams ) , cannot meaningfully advance the discussion on economic policy .
You might say , “ you ’re telling us to leave everything to the experts , so why should I believe you are adequately policed ? ”
This is a fair question , but as someone who has worked for a decade to publish in leading academic journals ( with some , but hardly overwhelming , success ) , I now have the referee reports to prove that I live in a world where people are not falling over themselves to believe my assertions .
The reports are often scathing , but usually very insightful , and have over the years pointed out all manner of incoherence in my work .
The leading journals have rejection rates in the neighborhood of 80 % , and I ’ve had my share of them .
How can this be changed ?
A precondition for the market delivering this is a recognition by the general public that they are simply being had by the bulk of the economic blogging crowd .
I hope to have alerted you to the giant disconnect that exists between the nuanced discussion that occurs between research economists and the noise ( some of it from economists ! ) that one sees in the web or the op - ed pages of even the very best newspapers of the US .
As a result , my hope is that the broader public will ask for a slightly higher bar when it comes to economics , rather than self - selecting into blogs that merely confirm half - baked views that might have been acquired from elsewhere .
And this punchline :
For my part , seventeen years after my first PhD coursework , I still feel ill at ease with my grasp of many issues , and I am fairly confident that this is not just a question of limited intellect .
We disagree .
We would comment on this if it had any merit , and central point worth arguing or even debating , but since this whole thing sounds like the ramblings of a deranged lunatic , we will just leave it out there for your comedic enjoyment .
Full must - laugh at essay :
Economics is Hard
h/t Bruce Krasting
ABOUT The Ship is ALIVE !
Community of active The Ship players !
Hey , if you 're interested in playing The Ship the game - this group was created JUST for YOU !
Our goal is to create a small community that regularly plays this game in its original mode - hunt .
For months I read comments on youtube videos , or on forums how this game is great but nobody plays it .
Guess what , we 're planning to change it .
All we need is YOU to join our group , meet up and play .
Obama celebrates jobless “ recovery ”
21 June 2010
The Obama administration has launched a public relations campaign entitled “ summer of recovery , ” kicked off by Vice President Joe Biden at the White House Thursday , followed by a presidential appearance Friday at a construction site in Columbus , Ohio .
The purpose of this public relations exercise is to mask the dismal reality of mass unemployment and protracted economic stagnation , and to justify a turn to austerity policies and budget - cutting .
The “ recovery ” campaign coincides with the decision of the US Senate to block the extension of unemployment benefits for millions of workers , with a faction of Senate Democrats using the claimed “ recovery ” to justify the termination of extended benefits .
The number of unemployed workers losing benefits because of the Senate inaction will hit 1.2 million by the end of this week .
An even more dramatic consequence would be the impact on state governments if the bill is not passed by June 30 , the last day of the fiscal year for most of the 50 states .
As many as 900,000 state government workers could face layoff under emergency measures that would be taken as a result of failure to enact the $ 24 billion in aid to state - run Medicaid programs .
According to the Department of Labor , nearly 7 million workers have been unemployed for more than six months .
Millions have been out of work continuously for more than two years — a phenomenon virtually without precedent in the United States since the Great Depression of the 1930s .
Foreclosures threaten 5.7 million families .
Credit card delinquencies have jumped by 60 percent since 2005 .
Young people face a future of long - term joblessness punctuated by short periods of low - paid and insecure labor .
A survey conducted by the National Association of Colleges and Employers found that only 24.4 percent of 2010 graduates had secured a job before graduation , up only slightly from the 19.7 percent for the class of 2009 .
More than 60 percent of college students are graduating without having received a single job offer .
In their claims of “ recovery , ” Obama and Biden demonstrate that they are as distant from the real conditions of life for working people as their Republican counterparts .
They may mock Republican Congressman Joe Barton for his abject apology to BP , but they are no less subservient to corporate America and the profit system as a whole .
Biden cited figures showing smaller monthly job losses compared to January 2009 , when he and Obama took office , and an increase in Gross Domestic Product , boasting “ this growth is going to be sustained at that 3 percent - plus range for the indefinite future . ”
Even if this scenario were to play out — highly unlikely amidst growing signs of a renewed downturn — GDP growth of 3 percent is barely sufficient to provide jobs for new entrants to the work force .
It condemns the 17 million now unemployed or underemployed to joblessness “ for the indefinite future . ”
The vice president boasted of the number of construction projects launched under the stimulus bill enacted by Congress 16 months ago .
“ Last summer , we started improving just shy of 10,000 miles of highway in this country , ” he said .
“ This summer , we ’ll start and ultimately improve 30,000 additional miles . ”
This is an insignificant figure .
According to a report Sunday in the New York Times , the Works Progress Administration ( WPA ) , one of the major federal agencies created by Franklin Roosevelt ’s New Deal policies , built from scratch or improved 650,000 miles of road — more than 20 times the scale of the present administration ’s program , which will expire this fall .
The contrast with the New Deal is even more glaring , given that the WPA and other New Deal agencies like the Civilian Conservation Corps and the Public Works Administration created jobs directly , by hiring the unemployed and the putting them to work on projects to build or maintain the public infrastructure of roads , bridges , dams , buildings and parks .
The Obama - Biden program provides money to state governments to pay private contractors , a process that is both slow and cumbersome , and ensures that the lion ’s share of the federal stimulus money has gone into the coffers of private business .
Biden frankly admitted that the goal of the stimulus program was to boost business profits , declaring , “ the only engine that ’s going to bring us back to total health is the free enterprise system and the American — free enterprise system and the business community . ”
Obama ’s trip to Columbus the next day was typically perfunctory for a president who can scarcely conceal his indifference to the mass suffering generated by more than two years of economic slump .
He spent a grand total of 75 minutes on the ground in Ohio , and about the same length of time traveling to and from the state aboard Air Force One .
The president then devoted his Saturday Internet and radio address to the topic of unemployment , blaming Republican opposition in the US Senate for blocking passage of an extension of jobless benefits for the long - term unemployed .
The bill would also have provided $ 24 billion in aid to state governments .
“ If this obstruction continues , unemployed Americans will see their benefits stop , ” Obama said .
“ Teachers and firefighters will lose their jobs . ”
Passage was blocked by procedural votes on Wednesday and Thursday , but in both cases a group of conservative Democrats joined with the unanimous Republican opposition to provide the final margin .
Obama said nothing about these Democratic senators , 12 on the first vote , two on the second , who helped block the extension of unemployment benefits .
Senator Claire McCaskill , a Democrat from Missouri who sided with the Republicans in the first procedural vote , warned that extended benefits might become a new “ entitlement , ” and thus cut across the administration ’s proposals for “ entitlement reform ” — slashing Social Security and Medicare benefits to reduce the federal deficit .
The Senate did take action Friday on a six - month extension of increased reimbursements to doctors who treat Medicare payments , which had been part of the larger bill .
It passed easily as a separate measure , after the White House agreed to offset the $ 6.4 billion cost with cuts in other programs .
The legislative maneuvers and finger - pointing between the Democrats and Republicans cannot disguise the fact that neither of the two big business parties has any solution to the social catastrophe of permanent mass unemployment .
Both parties agree that the private sector is to be the only source of “ job creation . ”
In other words , the living standards of working people are being held hostage to the profit drive of the capitalist class .
The Socialist Equality Party rejects this perspective and calls on working people and young people to fight for an emergency program to provide full employment , regardless of the profit requirements of the giant corporations and banks .
We demand :
* An immediate program of public works to rebuild the crumbling infrastructure and provide jobs for every unemployed worker within six months
* Outlaw plant closures and mass layoffs
* Establish a 30 - hour week at 40 hours pay
* The nationalization of the banks and major corporations , under the public ownership and democratic control of the working class
* Provide trillions of dollars to expand education , healthcare and other needed public services .
Such a program can only be carried out through the independent political mobilization of the working class , in opposition to the Democrats and Republicans , and on the basis of socialist program .
Patrick Martin
Patrick Martin
A writes : A quick comment on your question about the hands position of the SS agents .
I have worked as a bodyguard in Japan for a long time .
This was one of the first lessons I received from people I was working with : when escorting the principal through a crowd of people who are expecting him and engaging in contact with him ( shaking hands , asking for an autograph , etc. ) , you hold your hands somewhere around the level of your lower ribs , like in http://cryptome.org/info/usss-hands/pict28.jpg or the guy in the background ( between Hillary and the black lady ) in http://cryptome.org/info/usss-hands/pict6.jpg
Reason for this is that if there 's a stabbing attempt or something similar you can quickly react and slap / push down the attacking arm quickly , without having to waste precious moments on raising your own arms and then changing the direction of movement of your hand ( losing more time ) and pushing theirs down .
In most of other pictures , where the hands are at the general hip level , it 's just a regular ' ready for action ' stance .
JB writes : I have studied a number of Close Quarters Battle ( CQB ) systems in both civilian and DOD forums and have cross - trained in a wide range of " martial arts " in both the US and Japan .
I think if you examine a Krav Maga method called " bursting " you will find the answer to your query .
You will also note the distinctive waist - level natural " stance " .
Krav Maga is popular with police and law enforcement and is currently very fashionable among well - trained combat troops and bodyguards around the world .
I personally believe the most likely foundation of this stance is Japanese Aikido .
Which also has a similar " stance " sometimes called the natural position .
It is best understood as a position of relaxed readiness .
In the case of bodyguards it allows a ready position primed for action that is non-threatening to an uninitiated observer .
It also signals an initiated observer that these individuals are adequately trained and ready for action .
You may also see hints of these positions emanating from a Russian methodology called " systema " .
While it is usually denied among practioners I believe there is a direct link here with Aikido and more than adequate historical and practical evidence to make a solid case for the claim .
Systema and Krav Maga are routinely taught to both government and private security professionals .
You probably have a Krav Maga school in your area and maybe an Aikido school .
Systema is a bit harder to track down .
I would highly encourage you to not take my word for all of this and simply take advantage of even the free introductory class ( es ) offered almost universally in martial arts schools and see for yourself .
Krav Maga alone should convince you but a visit to a Krav Maga school and an Aikido dojo ought to make it even more clear .
There are likely a lot of plausible theories that have come your way about why they might stand like this and they are likely relevant but I think you will find that this is not proprietery Secret Service behavior and can be explained as training and field - tested methodology .
JM writes : I 'm not a member of law enforcement , but I do hold a concealed - weapons permit and have some of the same training .
This sort of " counter grab " hand position would be almost instinctive in a crowd , and comes as no surprise to me .
I do n't see this as being aggressive , but rather defensive without looking aggressive unless somebody paid close attention .
DETROIT  Long gone .
Never forgotten .
Ernie Harwell died Tuesday night , ending his battle with cancer at the age of 92 , but his voice and spirit will live on forever in the ears and minds of many .
Tears were shed in the press box at Joe Louis Arena while the Red Wings were playing the San Jose Sharks when the news spread .
As cynical and callous as reporters can be , this story was tough to treat as it was just another death because Harwell treated anyone he ever met like a friend .
Yours truly was one of the lucky ones .
I 'll miss Harwell 's greeting " HELLO ! Larry ! " on the phone and in person and hearing him say " Phi Alpha ! " in a nod to our brotherhood in the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity .
My first vivid memory of Harwell other than listening to him call Detroit Tigers games on the radio growing up in Ann Arbor , Mich . was during the mid-1990s at Tiger Stadium .
Harwell , actor Jeff Daniels , writer Jack Ebling , whom I worked with at the Lansing State Journal , and I spent about 15 minutes shooting the breeze behind the backstop while Ken Griffey Jr. was hitting homers during the Seattle Mariners ' batting practice .
It was one of the coolest moments of my life .
Like no one could , Harwell compared Griffey 's talents with Willie Mays in one breath and the next , he talked about playing cards with Jackie Robinson on road trips with the Brooklyn Dodgers .
Harwell barely knew me back then when I was making $ 25 an article as a freelance writer but he gave me genuine respect as if I was an important member of the media or society .
As I got to know him better , I found out he was like that with everyone .
The true test of people is how they treat someone who can do nothing for them and Harwell passed that measure of a human being better than anybody .
Harwell greeted everyone the same rich or poor , young or old , famous or unknown and that made his legend grow beyond the borders of the state he loved and the sport he adored .
Getting to know him away from crowds was simply special .
Spending time with him and his beloved wife , Lulu , at their rented home in Lakeland , Fla. , at their previous house in suburban Detroit where her roses were breathtaking or their apartment at a posh retirement center was simply priceless .
When he announced in February 2002 that season would be his last in the broadcast booth , I bought him a Motown baseball cap from the new terminal at Detroit 's airport and was tickled every time he wore it .
Harwell , though , gave me more intangible gifts than I ever could 've given him .
On Monday , Nov. 30 , 2009 less than two months after he announced he had inoperable cancer Harwell agreed to let me pay him a visit .
He did n't want a story written that day , growing tired of the hype that surrounded his declining health , and I was OK with that because I welcomed another opportunity to spend time with him .
Harwell looked and sounded really good on that afternoon , saying he was was n't in pain and was unafraid of dying .
He asked about my family and job as he always did and prayed with me for the first time , a surreal few minutes I 'll never forget .
His health deteriorated so much recently that he needed around - the - clock care and the months he had to live dwindled to days .
Even though all knew this day would come and no one was more prepared than Harwell Michigan is melancholy at best .
It 's sad to lose a once - in - a - lifetime icon such as Harwell , but strangers and friends alike should be glad he 's at peace .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
WASHINGTON – Labor and community organizers told participants in the “ America ’s Future Now ” conference June 8 that passage of the $ 100 billion Local Jobs for America
Act and other measures to meet the people ’s needs is crucial to energize voters and get them to the polls next November 2 .
Speaker after speaker at the three day gathering warned that despite important milestones such as the health care reform act , millions are losing their jobs , health care and homes and may express their frustration by sitting out the elections .
New York Times columnist Bob Herbert said there is “ no sense of urgency ” in Washington on the unemployment crisis even though 15 million are unemployment and tens of millions under -employed .
“ The plain truth is that the Obama administration and Congress have not made the kind of investments to get sufficient numbers back to work , ” he said .
Robert Creamer , head of the Strategic Consulting Group , told a plenary session on “ winning issues in an election year ” that victory next November depends on turning out the young “ millennial ” voters who elected President Barack Obama in 2008 , convincing them that their “ immediate well - being ” hinges on the outcome .
“ If we do n’t get the jobs bill , this will be hundreds of thousands more unemployed people and that will have an effect on the election in November , ” he said .
Gabe Gonzalez , national director of the Center for Community Change , organizer of a March 21 demonstration of 200,000 for immigration reform on the Capitol Mall , told the crowd that Latino voters in the millions voted for Obama when they were convinced that he supports immigration reform .
“ These are folks who have moved from ‘ persuadable ’ to people who need to be mobilized , ” he said .
“ Movement on immigration reform is key to turning the voters out , ” adding , “ Congressman George Miller has a $ 100 billion bill to keep public employees on the job .
We also think passage of this bill is critical to turning out the voters in November . ”
Simon Rosenberg , president of NDN , a center - left Washington think tank , said , “ We are sitting on the best , most dynamic coalition we have had since the 1930s ” powered , he said , by the influx of 17 million “ millennial voters , ” those who cast their first votes in or after the 2000 election .
“ Contrary to conventional wisdom , the Democrats can win in 2010 ” but only if they inspire this new generation of voters .
“ Getting the millennial generation to participate is going to require an important investment by the center - left coalition .
They will not vote unless they are asked . ”
Karen Nussbaum , executive director of Working America , AFL - CIO , said the labor movement has been campaigning hard in the state of Arkansas for over a year and a half .
At first they worked in support of Sen. Blanche Lincoln , D - Ark. , delivering 25,000 handwritten letters from her constituents asking her to support health care reform .
“ She did n’t feel the love , ” turning thumbs down on both health care and workers union rights , Nussbaum said .
The labor movement , she said , decided to back Lincoln ’s primary challenger , Lt. Gov. Bill Halter .
Union members have criss - crossed the state holding 150,000 one - on - one discussions with voters , showing them that Lincoln “ sides with the insurance companies on health care , with the corporations on job rights . ”
The campaign is a model for mobilizing across the nation , she said .
“ Imagine what it would mean if we do this in Ohio .
Do this work and voters will vote for our endorsed candidate 70 percent of the time . ”
William McNary , president of USAction , said progressive change is driven by elections .
“ Issues not connected to elections will get you white - papers that sit on the shelf ” whereas issues tied to elections “ determine who gets how much income…education … housing . ”
Elections , he added must be used “ to build strong , progressive , political power . ”
He hailed the power of the grassroots coalition that elected Obama and called on the crowd to “ celebrate the passage ” of the Health Care Reform act .
“ We did n’t get a dream house but we got a damn good starter house ” he said .
“ Let ’s not minimize this victory . ” Social Security , he pointed out , left vast numbers of people uncovered who were later brought into the system .
“ Barack Obama has done something we ’ve tried to do for 100 years … .
We do n’t have the luxury of all this whining and agonizing .
We ’ve got to turn the agonizing into organizing . ”
Photo : GreenforAll.org , courtesy Flickr , cc by 2.0
nextlast first previous thenextside Full size : 950x556
nextlast first previous
OK .
Enough chit chat .
Lets get down to business .
Most of the time you will use screen interactively .
You want another screen windows , you press the buttons .
But maybe unknown to some , screen is in some sort scriptable .
It unfortunately is not straightforward and the very good manual gives only hidden hints .
But if you know the edges it ’s quite helpful .
This line starts the application .
After the application finishes the screen session focuses on the applications window , which means you will be automatically brought to that window .
You do n’t lose time looking and looking whether the application already finished .
In the meantime you can continue work in another window .
You can get the windownumber by pressing C - a w .
It ’s the number right in front of the name of the screen which is marked by the star .
If your windows have distinct names you can also use the name as parameter for the select command !
Wow .
You just left the current window and went to the next window .
This is the same as pressing C - a n or C - a : next < CR > .
Impressive , is n’t it ? :)
The first and basic parameter you need to know is - X .
With this parameter you can send screen commands to any screen session ( for a list of screen commands take a look at the very fine man page for screen ) .
By default it uses the screen session you are currently attached to .
So just to test this , start screen , create a second window pressing C - a c .
Now enter the following line at the shell prompt :
screen -X -p
We just talked about different windows and their names / numbers .
Consider the screen command stuff .
It is used to send keystrokes to a window .
By default the current window is used as the target .
But this command is not very helpful if used interactively like
$ screen - X stuff hello
This way you can write notes to yourself .
But if you add the parameter -p to this line you can send those commands to another window in the same screen session .
Now this is helpful .
You can remote control applications in windows this way .
Consider the following example :
Create a screen - window and start e.g. w3 m in it to show a webpage which changes over time ( w3 m is a console web browser like lynx or links ) .
This could be a webpage showing usage statistics or stock information on the net or whatever .
For this example we will use a page which shows the current weather for munich :
$ w3 m http://www.meteo24.de/wetter/49X7464.html
This will output the current temperature etc. for munich .
Unfortunately this display is not updated automatically .
You manually have to reload the page .
Let ’s see how screen can help us .
Give the window a distinct name or just use the number of the screen window .
To rename the current window to another name press C - a : title watchit .
The current screen window now has the name " watchit " .
Enter C-a w to check this .
Now comes the interesting part .
Go to another window in your screen session .
To reload the website in w3 m you have to enter R ( Shift - r ) .
So using the following line we periodically send R to the w3m - window which then reloads the website and updates the display .
$ while true ; do screen - p watchit - X stuff R ; sleep 5 m ; done
The sleep - command is used to reload the webpage only once every 5 minutes .
You can enter nearly any value here .
See man sleep for more information about sleep .
An Indigenous Call For Urgent and Collective Action To All Members of the Human Family for Protecting and Restoring the Sacred
( please add names of groups to be presented in Rio )
Rio de Janeiro
June 9 - 23 , 2012
Whether or not the nation states , multinational corporations or international development agencies that surround us are willing or able to participate with us at this time , it is clear our Indigenous Peoples and Allies are moving forward in rebuilding and reunifying the Americas and beyond , through the Natural Laws and Guiding Principles inherent in our Indigenous World View .
1 . We have the ancient prophecies and the clear vision of a future of social justice and collective prosperity for the Americas and beyond that are in the process of being manifested .
This new global civilization will fully honor the Natural Laws and Privileges of Mother Earth and the Unity and Diversity of Human Family .
This New Spiritual Springtime foretold by our Elders is now occurring , as sure as the sun rises every morning .
2 . We have a strong , enduring and unbreakable spiritual foundation of cultural values and guiding principles that have empowered us to survive and arise after a great spiritual wintertime .
This wintertime was filled , at times , with the utmost human cruelty , violence , injustice , abuse , and physical and cultural genocide .
Despite these challenges , throughout the Americas , our Indigenous relatives are reawakening to their spiritual and cultural identities and are healing our Sacred Relationships between ourselves , Mother Earth and all members of the Human Family .
3 . Together , with our allies , we have the cultural , spiritual , scientific , technological , social , environmental , economic and agricultural capacities and wisdom needed to co-create and rebuild our Families , Tribes and Nations stronger and more unified than ever before .
4. Our Indigenous Peoples and our allies , have the growing collective social and economic capital , coupled with vast natural resources , to bring our greatest dreams and visions to reality .
This includes fully protecting , preserving , and restoring our Beloved Mother as the sacred heritage of all generations yet to come !
Furthermore it is crystal clear that these collective resources are in the process of empowering us to become a primary spiritual and economic force , not only in the Americas , but around Mother Earth .
We are and are destined to play a greater and greater role as key global leaders in wisely mandating the sustainable and harmonious ways Mother Earth 's gifts will or will not be developed !
We will insure that when the development of the natural resources of Mother Earth are not sustainable , no matter how much profit is to be made , they will not be developed !
Our Sacred Places and the Healthful Life of our Beloved Mother Earth are not for sale and exploitation for any price !
5 ) We , the Indigenous Peoples of the Eagle of the North ( Canada and the U.S. ) , along with our allies , have the material resources to directly support our Indigenous relatives of the Condor of the South ( Latin America ) in developing their collective resources , as they choose .
The Condor of the South equally has critical resources to share with the Eagle of the North .
Our greatest strength yet to be fully realized is our spiritual and cultural unity .
6 ) By utilizing digital and green technologies and economies , in harmony with our vast , collective social , economic , cultural and spiritual capacities , we are manifesting , as promised , a future with social , environmental and economic justice for all members of the Human Family and our Beloved Mother Earth !
7 ) The primary challenge that stands before us as Indigenous Peoples in rebuilding the Americas , and beyond , is disunity .
This disunity has been directly caused by genocide and colonialism .
This genocide and colonization has resulted in unresolved inter-generational trauma and internalized oppression that is the process of being fully recognized and addressed .
As we move courageously and wisely forward in greater and greater love , compassion , justice and unity we are reconnecting to our enduring and unbreakable spiritual and cultural foundation for healing , reconciliation and collective action for “ Protecting and Restoring the Sacred " everywhere on Mother Earth .
With the realization of this spiritual and cultural foundation for prayerful , wise and unified action , all that is needed for our ultimate victory will gracefully and assuredly unfold at the right times and places , as foretold by our Ancient Ones .
Four Worlds Guiding Principles for Co-Creating a Sustainable and Harmonious World
The Four Worlds Guiding Principles for Building a Sustainable and Harmonious World
The Sixteen Principles for building a sustainable and harmonious world community emerged from a 40 - year process of reflection , consultation and action within Indigenous communities across the Americas .
They are rooted in the concerns of hundreds of Indigenous Elders Spiritual Leaders and Community Members , as well as in the best thinking of many non - Indigenous scholars , researchers and human and community development practitioners .
These guiding principles constitute the foundation for the process of healing and developing ourselves ( mentally , emotionally , physically , and spiritually ) , our human relationships ( personal , social , political , economic , and cultural ) and our relationship with Mother Earth .
They describe the way we must work and what we must protect and cherish .
We offer these Guiding Principles as a gift to all who seek to build a sustainable and harmonious Global community .
PREAMBLE
We speak as one , guided by the sacred teachings and spiritual traditions of the Four Directions that uplift , guide , protect , warn , inspire and challenge the entire human family to live in ways that sustain and enhance human life and the lives of all who dwell on Mother Earth , and hereby dedicate our lives and energies to healing and developing ourselves , the web of relationships that make our world , and the way we live with Mother Earth .
THE GUIDING PRINCIPLES
Starting from within , working in a circle , in a sacred manner , we heal ourselves , our relationships and our world .
STARTING FROM WITHIN
Human Beings Can Transform Their Worlds
The web of our relationships with others and the natural world , which has given rise to the problems we face as a human family , can be changed .
Development Comes From Within
The process of human and community development unfolds from within each person , relationship , family organization , community or nation .
No Vision , No Development
A vision of who we can become and what a sustainable world would be like , works as a powerful magnet , drawing us to our potential .
Healing Is A Necessary Part Of Development
Healing the past , closing up old wounds and learning healthy habits of thought and action to replace dysfunctional thinking and disruptive patterns of human relations is a necessary part of the process of sustainable development .
WORKING IN A CIRCLE
Interconnectedness
Everything is connected to everything else ; therefore , any aspect of our healing and development is related to all the others ( personal , social , cultural , political , economic , etc. ) .
When we work on any one part , the whole circle is affected .
No Unity , No Development
Unity means oneness .
Without unity , the common oneness that makes ( seemingly ) separate human beings into ‘ community ’ is impossible .
Disunity is the primary disease of community .
No Participation , No Development
Participation is the active engagement of the minds , hearts and energy of the people in the process of their own healing and development .
Justice
Every person ( regardless of gender , race , age , culture , religion , sexual orientation ) must be accorded equal opportunity to participate in the process of healing and development , and to receive a fair share of the benefits .
IN A SACRED MANNER
Spirit
Human beings are both material and spiritual in nature .
It is therefore inconceivable that human community could become whole and sustainable without bringing our lives into balance with the requirements of our spiritual nature .
Morals and Ethics
Sustainable human and community development requires a moral foundation centered in the wisdom of the heart .
When this foundation is lost , morals and ethical principles decline and development stops .
The Hurt of One Is the Hurt of All : The Honor of One Is the Honor Of All
The basic fact of our oneness as a human family means that development for some at the expense of well being for others is not acceptable or sustainable .
Authentic Development Is Culturally Based
Healing and development must be rooted in the wisdom , knowledge and living processes of the culture of the people .
WE HEAL AND DEVELOP OURSELVES , OUR RELATIONSHIPS AND OUR WORLD
Learning
Human beings are learning beings .
We begin learning while we are still in our mother ’s wombs , and unless something happens to close off our minds and paralyze our capacities , we keep learning throughout our entire lives .
Learning is at the core of healing and development .
Sustainability
To sustain something means to enable it to continue for a long time .
Authentic development does not use up or undermine what it needs to keep on going .
Move to the Positive
Solving the critical problems in our lives and communities is best approached by visualizing and moving into the positive alternative that we wish to create , and by building on the strengths we already have , rather than on giving away our energy fighting the negative .
Be the Change You Want To See
The most powerful strategies for change always involve positive role modeling and the creation of living examples of the solutions we are proposing .
By walking the path , we make the path visible .
With Warm and Loving Greetings and Solidarity ,
The International Indigenous Leaders Gathering ????
The Four Worlds International Institute
( Other Nations and Organizations will be invited to sign !
www.fwii.net
Recent articles by José Antonio Gutiérrez D .
¡ Con permiso para violar , héroes de la patria !
George Floyd : Una Morte di Troppo Nella  Terra dei Liberi George Floyd : " Özgürlükler Ülkesinde " bir ölüm çok fazla .
Recent Articles about Mashriq / Arabia / Iraq Anarchist movement
Mediterranean meeting by KAF Αναρχική Ένω ... by Dmitri ( republising ) گۆڕین ی ناوی ... by KAF A Syrian anarchist speaks : " We need to start analyzing our situation in a libertarian way " mashriq / arabia / iraq | anarchist movement | interview Thursday June 17 , 2010 01:17 Thursday June 17 , 2010 01:17 by José Antonio Gutiérrez D. by José Antonio Gutiérrez D. The following interview with Syrian anarchist Mazen Kamalmaz , is a follow up conversation to the publication of his Call for an Anarchist Manifesto on Palestine in late April 2010 http://www.anarkismo.net/article/16367
In this conversation he further develops the ideas posed in the call for a manifesto , and the shortcomings and difficulties for it to be launched at the moment , as well as exploring the possibilities for anarchism in the Middle East today .
1 . In you recent call for an anarchist manifesto on Palestine , you mention that anarchists ideas have gained a foothold in the Middle East ... can you tell us more about this ?
Anarchist ideas are now listened to and respected , despite sometimes being perceived as utopian by the politically active minority of our societies .
There is a small but steadily increasing number of anarchists .
There is a group of active anarchists in Jordan acting in the social left movement , another group in Lebanon although facing some internal troubles lately .
In general , the influence of anarchist ideas and politics is increasing within leftist organisations .
Still we are too little to have a real impact on the ongoing or escalating struggle of the masses .
2 . You also say that unfortunately anarchism is still absorbed in propaganda while the social struggle escalates everywhere ... what are for you the most interesting and promising struggles going on in the region ?
The recent crisis is global and destruction of the lives of people by neoliberal policies and governments can be felt everywhere .
Masses fight back and the fight is escalating .
Beside that , the masses become less tolerant and more militant about governments ' repression .
In Egypt , for example , the anger of the masses and their mobilization were never so strong before .
I do n't want to exaggerate the revolutionary potential in these struggles , but it is there and because of that we feel the urgency to make our voice , analysis and ideas well organised and well known .
As a new movement , still we are trying to make our ideas known and still trying to find ways to do this in the face of prejudices and the patriarchal hierarchy of our societies .
I think also that we have to overcome the intellectual style of our thinking ; we have to win workers or we will be doomed to have a marginal role in the coming struggle .
3 . What has been the response to your call from other anarchists in the Middle East ?
The response was poor , unfortunately .
I think such a manifesto will be again the product of one or very few individuals .
At the end of last year something similar happened when comrade Sameh Abood from Egypt wrote down and published a programme of the anarchist current in Arab countries on his own initiative .
We still have difficulties to communicate with each other , even we do n't know each other in person , and so there was no active discussion until now about these issues among us .
4 . You also mention that this manifesto could kick start a process of debate of the whole region ... could you explain us why Palestine is so central to social change in all of the Middle East ?
As you can see , the Palestinian issue is quite crucial for Middle Eastern peoples .
Islamic fundamentalism , and before that Arab nationalism , are fed by both the anger and illusions raised by this particular conflict .
It is the ideal issue to differentiate our politics from other authoritarian currents , be they fundamentalist or nationalist .
I thought that a manifesto by both Israeli and Palestinian , Jewish and Muslim , workers and intellectuals will offer a libertarian alternative to the various authoritarian ways of analyzing and solving the conflict .
5 . At the moment the Palestinian Authority is engaged in indirect talks with Israel ... do you think anything significant will come out of that ?
The Palestinian Authority cannot achieve anything through negotiations .
They are only following their own interests , not that of the Palestinian masses .
It is another example of a bureaucracy that became the repressive force against its own people .
The involvement of a part of the official Palestinian left in this Authority 's institutions helped only the Islamists to renounce the left in general .
6 . You mention as well that this could be a first step towards an anarchist manifesto in the Muslim world ... considering that the Muslim world embraces countries which are so different , from Africa to the Far East , do you think such a manifesto is possible ?
what do you think could be key elements of it ?
I think that there are so many common issues and difficulties in general that we , anarchists in the Arab and Muslim world , are facing , and that we need to discuss and tell our point of view about .
The manifesto itself is not important , we need to start analyzing our situation in a libertarian way and talk about anarchism to our masses , which are either under the influence of religion or illiteracy , in their own words .
This is a way to overcome our weaknesses , by offering theoretical anarchist analysis to those who can be interested in joining the struggle later or when the masses will be more radical , as a weapon that can be used effectively when needed .
Related Link : http://www.anarkismo.net/article/16367
Anarchist ideas are now listened to and respected , despite sometimes being perceived as utopian by the politically active minority of our societies .
There is a small but steadily increasing number of anarchists .
There is a group of active anarchists in Jordan acting in the social left movement , another group in Lebanon although facing some internal troubles lately .
In general , the influence of anarchist ideas and politics is increasing within leftist organisations .
Still we are too little to have a real impact on the ongoing or escalating struggle of the masses .
The recent crisis is global and destruction of the lives of people by neoliberal policies and governments can be felt everywhere .
Masses fight back and the fight is escalating .
Beside that , the masses become less tolerant and more militant about governments ' repression .
In Egypt , for example , the anger of the masses and their mobilization were never so strong before .
I do n't want to exaggerate the revolutionary potential in these struggles , but it is there and because of that we feel the urgency to make our voice , analysis and ideas well organised and well known .
As a new movement , still we are trying to make our ideas known and still trying to find ways to do this in the face of prejudices and the patriarchal hierarchy of our societies .
I think also that we have to overcome the intellectual style of our thinking ; we have to win workers or we will be doomed to have a marginal role in the coming struggle .
The response was poor , unfortunately .
I think such a manifesto will be again the product of one or very few individuals .
At the end of last year something similar happened when comrade Sameh Abood from Egypt wrote down and published a programme of the anarchist current in Arab countries on his own initiative .
We still have difficulties to communicate with each other , even we do n't know each other in person , and so there was no active discussion until now about these issues among us .
As you can see , the Palestinian issue is quite crucial for Middle Eastern peoples .
Islamic fundamentalism , and before that Arab nationalism , are fed by both the anger and illusions raised by this particular conflict .
It is the ideal issue to differentiate our politics from other authoritarian currents , be they fundamentalist or nationalist .
I thought that a manifesto by both Israeli and Palestinian , Jewish and Muslim , workers and intellectuals will offer a libertarian alternative to the various authoritarian ways of analyzing and solving the conflict .
The Palestinian Authority cannot achieve anything through negotiations .
They are only following their own interests , not that of the Palestinian masses .
It is another example of a bureaucracy that became the repressive force against its own people .
The involvement of a part of the official Palestinian left in this Authority 's institutions helped only the Islamists to renounce the left in general .
I think that there are so many common issues and difficulties in general that we , anarchists in the Arab and Muslim world , are facing , and that we need to discuss and tell our point of view about .
The manifesto itself is not important , we need to start analyzing our situation in a libertarian way and talk about anarchism to our masses , which are either under the influence of religion or illiteracy , in their own words .
This is a way to overcome our weaknesses , by offering theoretical anarchist analysis to those who can be interested in joining the struggle later or when the masses will be more radical , as a weapon that can be used effectively when needed .
Digg this del.icio.us Furl Reddit Technorati Facebook Twitter << Back To Newswire
English Italiano Deutsch
This page can be viewed in
NASA is building a six - legged robot that can walk or roll on wheels , and , it hopes , ultimately help set up a habitat on Mars for the later arrivals of astronauts .
The robot , dubbed Athlete , has been in development for the past five years at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , said Brian Wilcox , Athlete 's principle investigator .
The robot is designed to move easily across the various types of terrain on the moon , on Mars or even on an asteroid .
The ATHLETE ( All - Terrain Hex - Legged Extra- Terrestrial Explorer ) , a six - legged robotic vehicle under development by NASA , will set up human habitats on Mars .
( Photo courtesy of NASA / JPL )
With a wheel attached to the end of each of its six legs , Athlete can roll across smooth terrain , and then retool itself when needed to move slowly across rugged or rocky terrain .
The hexagonal machine stands about 10 feet off the ground when its legs are fully extended .
It can step over a 10 - foot wall and is designed to carry payloads of more than 14.5 tons on Mars .
" Athlete is being designed for the moon or Mars -- really any terrestrial body that has moderate gravity , " Wilcox said .
" We could have one or two sets [ of these robots ] on Mars by the time humans get there . "
He added that NASA expects Athlete to be ready for a robotic mission to Mars by 2015 .
Wilcox said he expects that two or three pairs of Athlete robots will be working on Mars before astronauts arrive there .
Each Athlete will be designed to carry a cylindrical piece of human habitat in to the planet , and then connect them using tools like grippers , drills and scoops stored in their individual holsters .
Once the astronauts arrive , the Athletes would help them build berms and would be used to carry payloads of habitat materials brought to the planet aboard the astronauts space ship .
The robots could also carry the astronauts to the new base camp .
Athlete is also designed to work alongside the 300 - pound Robonaut robot that 's slated to be carried to the International Space Station aboard the NASA space shuttle Discovery in September .
Robonaut , which is equipped with two arms and two hands , will permanently reside on the space station .
NASA has long been working to build robots that can prepare areas of the moon or Mars for humans and later work alongside the astronauts .
Wilcox noted that NASA engineers are still working on mechanisms that will enable the robots to walk .
Athlete , at this point , moves one leg at a time , enabling the other five to stabilize it , he said .
Wilcox described the robot's movements as slow but " extremely agile , " -- a good combination for moving across rocky terrain .
NASA engineers are hoping that giving Athlete the ability to walk will keep it out of the trouble that trapped the space agency 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit .
NASA in January abandoned efforts to free Spirit from where it became stuck in dirt on the Martian surface after six years of roaming the Red Planet and sending back constant feeds of scientific information .
Sharon Gaudin covers the Internet and Web 2.0 , emerging technologies , and desktop and laptop chips for Computerworld .
Follow Sharon on Twitter at @sgaudin , or subscribe to Sharon 's RSS feed .
Her e-mail address is sgaudin@computerworld.com .
The Republican primary campaign to succeed Mr. Sanford featured two operatives claiming to have had extramarital affairs with Ms. Haley ( who strenuously denied the accusations ) as well as a Republican state senator dismissing her with an ethnic slur .
Image Alvin Greene is the Democratic nominee for the Senate seat currently held by Jim DeMint , a Republican .
Credit ...
Mary Ann Chastain / Associated Press
Now comes Mr. Greene , adding Democratic balance to the state ’s Republican - dominated scandal sheets of recent vintage .
Mr. Clyburn immediately called for someone to investigate Mr. Greene ’s candidacy  who paid for the campaign , who was behind it , how did he ever win ?
Mr. Harpootlian , a former district attorney , wants to know why Mr. Greene had not filed any papers with the Federal Election Commission , and Don Fowler , a former Democratic National Committee chairman from South Carolina , said he suspected that someone tampered with the voting machines .
“ There is something genuinely mysterious about this whole thing , ” said Mr. Fowler , whose wife , Carol , the current chairwoman of the state ’s Democratic Party , has called for Mr. Greene to step aside .
Mr. Greene said he had no intention of doing so .
He said the whole gambit has been his idea , that he paid the entry fee and that his was  and remains  “ a self - managed campaign . ”
He said he would challenge his Republican opponent , Senator Jim DeMint , to a debate in September .
“ It will be one hour .
Live .
On a major network , ” he proposed .
Mr. Greene said he was determined to go through with this , which would seem to belie the somewhat shell - shocked demeanor he has projected in several interviews over the last 72 hours .
“ Can I end this ? ” Mr. Greene asked in the middle of a brief interview with a local television station in front of his house Wednesday .
It might as well be his campaign ’s official motto , or wish , at least as far as leading Democrats are concerned .
“ Sad , ” Mr. Clyburn said , referring to the spectacle that Mr. Greene has become on the cable and YouTube circuits .
update
The controversial chief executive of ISP Exetel has thanked Stephen Conroy for the “ free plug ” the Communications Minister has given the ISP ’s National Broadband Network fibre plans in Tasmania — even while appearing to quietly change the final shape those plans will take .
Exetel revealed its projected NBN plans in Tasmania last week , outlining fibre access fees that were radically different from those offered on traditional ADSL broadband plans — such as a zero cost monthly plan at 25 M bps , with downloads charged at $ 1 per gigabyte .
Conroy has mentioned the plans several times over the past few days in interviews and media conferences in the wake of the release of the Government ’s NBN Implementation Study as evidence of how NBN pricing could be affordable .
In a post on his blog this morning , Linton said he had seen an interview with Conroy on the ABC on Sunday morning where Conroy mentioned the Exetel prices .
“ He was his usual mixture of bewilderment , ignorance and barely concealed thuggery , but I was amused at his reference to Exetel ( not by name ) , ” Linton wrote on his blog .
The blog was taken private last week — only Exetel users or those who have donated $ 20 to a wildlife charity of Linton ’s choice can now access it .
“ While I ’m grateful for the ‘ free plug ’ ( though how many Tasmanians in the fibred areas actually watch an ABC political segment on TV on a Sunday morning would be questionable ) I thought it was an obvious example of “ straw clutching ” if it was n’t based on appallingly bad briefing , which I would doubt , because for him to have been aware of any actual pricing would have required some sort of briefing , ” added Linton .
However , the executive appears to have changed the basis of Exetel ’s NBN plans since he first revealed them last week , posting plans labelled “ Fibre in Tasmania ( using Aurora Energy infrastructure ) on Exetel ’s web site .
The executive has n’t yet responded to a request for comment asking for confirmation that the Tasmanian plans are the NBN plans , but posts on his blog over the past week where Linton refers to three fibre providers — Telstra and Opticomm in Victoria and the NBN in Tasmania — appear to show the fibre plans on Exetel ’s site refer to the NBN in Tasmania .
The fibre plans come at three speeds — 25 Mbps , 50 Mbps and 100 Mbps — and feature monthly access costs of $ 10 , $ 25 and $ 50 respectively .
It appears that no data comes with the plans , but that downloads are charged at $ 1.50 / GB , $ 1.00 / GB and $ 0.75 / GB respectively .
The plans are more expensive than the offerings Linton had originally proposed last week — at that stage the ISP CEO had listed projected plans of 25 M bps for a zero upfront monthly cost per month , with data charged at $ 1.00 / GB .
The 50 Mbps and 100 M bps services were expected to be $ 15.00 / $ 25.00 per month plus $ 1.00 per GB downloaded .
The news also comes as Exetel had recently temporarily changed the terms under which it offers customers a ‘ free downloads ’ period without quota .
Previously from 12 midnight to 12 noon or 2 AM to 2 PM , the period had changed to 2 AM to 8 AM .
“ Circumstances have again materially changed and require us to modify the off - peak period to ensure that the network that supports residential users remains as it has been planned to operate – without congestion at all times and without any ‘ throttling ’ of P2P or other traffic types , ” the company wrote in an email to users seen by Delimiter .
“ This is a significant reduction on first sight but it still means that anyone who knows how to use a download scheduler can down load , depending on their actual line speed , a very large amount of data in any month . ”
Exetel had said it would offer customers a wireless plan to help compensate them for the loss — with pay as you use downloads charged at 1.75c / MB .
However , in a forum posting after its initial email , the company rescinded the change , saying it apologised to those people it upset and / or confused , and that it would address profit shortfalls by “ asking any customer who makes Exetel a loss to either move to a new plan or to move to another service provider ” as they came out of contract .
Image credit : Delimiter
Golden Girl Rue McClanahan has died at the age of 76 .
“ She passed away at 1 a .m. this morning , ” her manager , Barbara Lawrence , tells PEOPLE .
“ She had a massive stroke . ”
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
McClanahan , who played man-happy Blanche Devereaux on the still - popular ’ 80s sitcom Golden Girls , had suffered a minor stroke earlier this year while recovering from bypass surgery .
Lawrence adds that at the time of her death Thursday , McClanahan “ had her family with her .
She went in peace . ”
Still in syndication , Golden Girls ran on NBC from 1985 to 1992 .
Only last year , McClanahan ’s costar , Beatrice Arthur , died from cancer .
Estelle Getty died in 2008 .
Surviving star Betty White , 88 , is currently enjoying a remarkable resurgence in her career , having recently hosted Saturday Night Live .
Born in Healdton , Okla . , Rue lived in six towns by the time she was 8 .
Her father was a road builder who moved from one project to another .
She found solace in acting ( “ the only thing I ever wanted to do ” ) and after four years at the University of Tulsa moved to New York , where she worked as a part - time file clerk while trying to find jobs in the theater .
Her first job was off Broadway , in 1957 , and she finally hit Broadway in 1969 .
TV work came from soap operas , until she made it on CBS ’s Maude , starring Beatrice Arthur , starting in 1972 .
She played Maude ’s best friend Vivian .
But it was Golden Girls that put her on the map and led to fame , fortune – and several husbands .
In all , she had six , including actor Morrow Wilson , whom she wed in 1997 and who survives her , as does a son , Mark Bish , from her first marriage .
Valve has just released Part 1 of a 7 - part video series that shows off the E3 2010 demo for Portal 2 .
Check out the video after the jump and come back tomorrow for Part 2 .
Here ’s Part 2 and 3 !
Perhaps I ’m being too harsh , here .
However , if you ’re making a movie that deals with tech - savvy computer programmers you should at least be able to design a good looking poster .
Instead we get what looks like a kid got a hold of Photoshop and did whatever he felt like .
Since the movie is about the founders of Facebook one would think it would be a more simplistic design , maybe something that resembled a Facebook page , or their layout / color scheme .
Nope , forget all of that , that would have made too much sense .
What we get instead is the image of Jesse Eisenberg ’s face covered with writing ( which makes the poster feel incredibly cluttered and more like a book ) , and a web browser bar on the right side .
Wait a minute .
What the hell is the browser bar doing on the right side ?
Just glance at your computer now and you ’ll instantly know , that this is wrong .
Overall it feels like they could have done so much more with this , but they really just dropped the ball on it .
Hopefully the movie does n’t play out the same way .
I guess we ’ll find out come October 1st , 2010 .
- Jordan
As someone who has enjoyed and learned a lot from Steven Pinker ’s books about language and cognition , I was disappointed to see the Harvard psychologist write , in Friday ’s New York Times , a cursory op - ed column about people ’s very real concerns over the Internet ’s influence on their minds and their intellectual lives .
Pinker seems to dismiss out of hand the evidence indicating that our intensifying use of the Net and related digital media may be reducing the depth and rigor of our thoughts .
He goes so far as to assert that such media “ are the only things that will keep us smart . ”
And yet the evidence he offers to support his sweeping claim consists largely of opinions and anecdotes , along with one very good Woody Allen joke .
One thing that did n’t surprise me was Pinker ’s attempt to downplay the importance of neuroplasticity .
While he acknowledges that our brains adapt to shifts in the environment , including ( one infers ) our use of media and other tools , he implies that we need not concern ourselves with the effects of those adaptations .
Because all sorts of things influence the brain , he oddly argues , we do n’t have to care about how any one thing influences the brain .
Pinker , it ’s important to point out , has an axe to grind here .
The growing body of research on the adult brain ’s remarkable ability to adapt , even at the cellular level , to changing circumstances and new experiences poses a challenge to Pinker ’s faith in evolutionary psychology and behavioral genetics .
The more adaptable the brain is , the less we ’re merely playing out ancient patterns of behavior imposed on us by our genetic heritage .
In Adapting Minds , his epic critique of the popular brand of evolutionary psychology espoused by Pinker and others , David J. Buller argues that evolution “ has not designed a brain that consists of numerous prefabricated adaptations , ” as Pinker has suggested , but rather one that is able “ to adapt to local environmental demands throughout the lifetime of an individual , and sometimes within a period of days , by forming specialized structures to deal with those demands . ”
To understand the development of human thought , and the influence of outside influences on that thought , we need to take into account both the fundamental genetic wiring of the brain – what Pinker calls its “ basic information - processing capacities ” – and the way our genetic makeup allows for ongoing changes in that wiring .
On the topic of neuroplasticity , Pinker claims to speak for all brain scientists .
When confronted with suggestions that “ experience can change the brain , ” he writes , “ cognitive neuroscientists roll their eyes . ”
I ’m wary when any scientist suggests that his view of a controversial matter is shared by all his colleagues .
I also wonder if Pinker read the reports on the Net ’s cognitive effects published in the Times last week , in which several leading brain researchers offer views that conflict with his own .
A few examples :
“ The technology is rewiring our brains , ” said Nora Volkow , director of the National Institute of Drug Abuse and one of the world ’s leading brain scientists …
The nonstop interactivity is one of the most significant shifts ever in the human environment , said Adam Gazzaley , a neuroscientist at the University of California , San Francisco .
“ We are exposing our brains to an environment and asking them to do things we were n’t necessarily evolved to do , ” he said .
“ We know already there are consequences ” … [ Stanford professor Clifford ]
Nass says the Stanford studies [ of media multitasking ] are important because they show multitasking ’s lingering [ cognitive ] effects :
“ The scary part for guys like Kord is , they ca n’t shut off their multitasking tendencies when they ’re not multitasking . ”
In a brief essay published last week on the Times website , Russell A. Poldrack , the director of the Imaging Research Center and professor of psychology and neurobiology at the University of Texas at Austin , wrote : “ Our research has shown that multitasking can have an insidious effect on learning , changing the brain systems that are involved so that even if one can learn while multitasking , the nature of that learning is altered to be less flexible .
This effect is of particular concern given the increasing use of devices by children during studying . ”
Other scholars of the mind also believe , or at least worry , that our use of digital media is having a deep , and not necessarily beneficial , influence on our ways of thinking .
The distinguished neuroscientist Michael Merzenich , who has been studying the adaptability of primate brains since the late 1960s , believes that human brains are being significantly “ remodeled ” by our use of the Net and other modern media .
Maryanne Wolf , a developmental psychologist at Tufts , fears that the shift from immersive page - based reading to distracted screen - based reading may impede the development of the specialized neural circuits that make deep , richly interpretive reading possible .
We may turn into mere “ decoders ” of text .
Pinker may well disagree with all these views , but to pretend they do n’t exist is misleading .
Pinker also pokes at straw men .
Instead of grappling with the arguments of others , he reduces them to caricatures in order to dismiss them .
He writes , for example , that “ the existence of neural plasticity does not mean the brain is a blob of clay pounded into shape by experience . ”
Who exactly does Pinker believe is proposing such an idea – John Locke ?
I have n’t seen anyone suggest that the brain is a shapeless blob of clay .
What they are saying is that the brain , while obviously as much a product of evolution as any other part of the body , is not genetically locked into rigid modes of thought and behavior .
Changes in our habits of thought echo through our neural pathways , for better and for worse .
In other cases , Pinker uses overstatement to gloss over subtleties .
He writes at one point , “ If electronic media were hazardous to intelligence , the quality of science would be plummeting . ”
Human intelligence takes many forms .
Electronic media may enhance some aspects of our intelligence ( the ability to spot patterns in arrays of visual data , for example , or to discover pertinent facts quickly or to collaborate at a distance ) while at the same time eroding others ( the ability to reflect on our experiences , say , or to express ourselves in subtle language or to read complex narratives critically ) .
To claim that “ intelligence ” can be gauged by a single measure is to obfuscate rather than illuminate .
Pinker notes that “ the decades of television , transistor radios and rock videos were also decades in which I.Q. scores rose continuously . ”
Actually , as the political scientist James Flynn first documented , general IQ scores have been rising at a steady clip since the beginning of the 1900s , so we should be wary about linking this long - term trend to the recent popularity of any particular technology or medium .
Moreover , as Flynn himself has been careful to point out , the improvements in IQ scores are largely attributable to increases in measures of visual acuity and abstract problem - solving , such as the mental rotation of geometric forms , the identification of similarities between disparate objects , and the arrangement of shapes into logical sequences .
These skills are certainly very important , but measures of other components of intelligence , including verbal skill , vocabulary , basic arithmetic , memorization , critical reading , and general knowledge , have been stagnant or declining .
In warning against drawing overly broad conclusions about our intelligence from the rise in IQ scores , Flynn wrote , in his book What Is Intelligence ? , “ How can people get more intelligent and have no larger vocabularies , no larger stores of general information , no greater ability to solve arithmetical problems ? ”
Drifting briefly from science to the humanities , Pinker implies that our cultural life is richer than ever , a consequence , apparently , of the bounties of digital media .
As evidence , he points to the number of stories appearing on the website Arts & Letters Daily .
Suffice it to say that other indicators of the depth and richness of cultural life point in different directions .
Pinker also makes several observations that , while accurate , undercut the main thrust of his argument .
He writes , for example , that “ the effects of experience are highly specific to the experiences themselves .
If you train people to do one thing ( recognize shapes , solve math puzzles , find hidden words ) , they get better at doing that thing , but almost nothing else . ”
Well , yes , and that ’s why some of us are deeply concerned about society ’s ever - increasing devotion to the Net and other screen - based media .
( The average American now spends more than eight hours a day peering into screens , while devoting only about 20 minutes to reading books and other printed works . )
It ’s hard not to conclude , or at least suspect , that we are narrowing the scope of our intellectual experiences .
We ’re training ourselves , through repetition , to be facile skimmers , scanners , and message - processors – important skills , to be sure – but , perpetually distracted and interrupted , we ’re not training ourselves in the quieter , more attentive modes of thought : contemplation , reflection , introspection , deep reading , and so forth .
And there ’s this : “ Genuine multitasking , too , has been exposed as a myth , not just by laboratory studies but by the familiar sight of an S.U.V. undulating between lanes as the driver cuts deals on his cellphone . ”
Precisely so .
Which is one of the reasons that many experts on multitasking are concerned about its increasing prevalence .
People may think , as they juggle emails , texts , tweets , updates , Google searches , glances at web pages , and various other media tasks , that they ’re adeptly doing a lot of stuff all at once , but what they ’re really doing is switching constantly between different tasks , and suffering the cognitive costs that accompany such switching .
As Steven Yantis , a professor of psychological and brain sciences at Johns Hopkins , told the Times :
In addition to the switch cost , each time you switch away from a task and back again , you have to recall where you were in that task , what you were thinking about .
If the tasks are complex , you may well forget some aspect of what you were thinking about before you switched away , which may require you to revisit some aspect of the task you had already solved ( for example , you may have to re-read the last paragraph you ’d been reading ) .
Deep thinking about a complex topic can become nearly impossible .
The fact that people who fiddle with cell phones drive poorly should n’t make us less concerned about the cognitive effects of media distractions ; it should make us more concerned .
And then there ’s this : “ It ’s not as if habits of deep reflection , thorough research and rigorous reasoning ever came naturally to people . ”
Exactly .
And that ’s another cause for concern .
Our most valuable mental habits – the habits of deep and focused thought – must be learned , and the way we learn them is by practicing them , regularly and attentively .
And that ’s what our continuously connected , constantly distracted lives are stealing from us : the encouragement and the opportunity to practice reflection , introspection , and other contemplative modes of thought .
Even formal research is increasingly taking the form of “ power browsing , ” according to a 2008 University College London study , rather than attentive and thorough study .
Patricia Greenfield , a professor of developmental psychology at UCLA , warned in a Science article last year that our growing use of screen - based media appears to be weakening our “ higher - order cognitive processes , ” including “ abstract vocabulary , mindfulness , reflection , inductive problem solving , critical thinking , and imagination . ”
We should all celebrate , along with Pinker , the many benefits that the Net and related media have brought us .
I have certainly enjoyed those benefits myself over the last two decades .
And we should heed his advice to look for “ strategies of self - control ” to ameliorate the distracting and addictive qualities of those media .
But we should not share Pinker ’s complacency when it comes to the Net ’s ill effects , and we should certainly not ignore the mounting evidence of those effects .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) —
The city of Philadelphia cannot evict a local Boy Scouts chapter from a city - owned building for refusing to admit gays
, a federal jury ruled Wednesday .
The city had insisted that nonprofits given free use of its property must abide by local anti-discrimination laws , which include equal protection for gays .
But the jury found the city 's reason violated the local scout council 's First Amendment rights .
" We do hope that eventually national ( Boy Scouts of America ) will change its minds .
But at this point , the Cradle of Liberty ( Council ) is still obligated to follow its policy , " said foreman Merrill Arbogast , 40 , of Reinholds , a trucker and former Eagle Scout .
In their lawsuit , the scouts had sought an injunction barring the city from evicting them , or charging $ 200,000 a year in rent , on their stately Beaux Arts headquarters building .
While the verdict gives weight to their request , the judge did not immediately issue the ban .
Instead , he told jurors the city 's anti-discrimination policy is " principled " and said he hoped the two " honorable institutions " could work something out .
" The city defended this suit in a very principled way , in an area of the law that is highly nuanced — Constitutional Law — and highly unpredictable , " U.S. District Judge Ronald L. Buckwalter told jurors after the verdict .
In his view , he said , the city can still terminate the lease under the 1928 agreement , which was designed to give nonprofits free rent if they maintained the sites .
However , the city must terminate the lease for a legally permissible reason , not because of an organization 's views .
" From now on , the Boy Scouts will be negotiating from a position of strength , " said lawyer Jason Gosselin , who represents the scouts .
" The city can't come in and impose its views on what the scouts ought to do . "
He hopes negotiations with the city will resume .
The city was reviewing its legal options .
" While the good work of the Boy Scouts can not be disputed , the city remains steadfast in its commitment to prevent its facilities from being used to disadvantage certain groups , " the city said in a statement .
The eight - day trial followed a decade of sometimes heated discussions stemming from a 2000 Supreme Court decision that said the Boy Scouts , as a private group , can exclude gays from membership .
Some public and private donors around the country withdrew support .
In Philadelphia , the Cradle of Liberty Council tried to walk a fine line between appeasing the city , the United Way and other supporters and the Irving , Texas - based Boy Scouts of America .
In 2003 , it enacted its own nondiscrimination policy but was forced to retrench when the Boy Scouts of America ordered it to conform with national rules .
The chapter later enacted a statement that says it does n't tolerate illegal discrimination .
" We felt that they were between a rock and a hard place , " said Arbogast , the jury foreman .
There has been just one known case of a gay scout being ousted from the Philadelphia chapter , although the city argued that many more may be scared off by the national policy .
Greg Lattera , 25 , testified that scouting meant the world to him as an inner-city child .
He said he did not intend to become a flag bearer for gay rights when he spoke about being gay while wearing his scout uniform in a TV news interview .
" We felt he was used , a pawn for certain groups ' agenda , " Arbogast said .
Welcome to the Reddit Anime wiki !
A collaborative anime database written by the Reddit Anime community .
New on the To - do list , re-write every anime page with using the New Anime Page Template , and go through The Needed Pages list and get rid of every red link !
The Metal Gear Solid series , built on “ tactical espionage action , ” ( or , in this case , “ tactical espionage operations ” ) has long been a staple of the stealth genre .
Solid Snake ’s newest portable adventure keeps in mind the limitations of the PSP platform , and while falling short of its console - based brethren , ultimately provides a satisfying Metal Gear experience .
Taking place after Metal Gear Solid 3 : Snake Eater ( 2004 ) and Metal Gear Solid : Portable Ops ( 2007 ) , Peace Walker casts you in the role of Naked Snake , AKA Big Boss .
Now in charge of a group of stateless mercenaries called ‘ Militaries Sans Frontieres ’ ( Soldiers without Borders ) , Boss finds himself embroiled in an international conflict set in Central America .
It ’s late 1974 , so the primary players are the Russians and the Americans .
Smack - dab in the middle is Costa Rica , a group of rebels , and your ever - growing personal army .
The storyline begins with a semblance of reality , but the plot soon devolves into the standard Metal Gear formula involving mechs , conspiracy theories , international espionage , and numerous twists in the narrative .
However , the characters are thankfully not as long - winded as we ’re used to , and cutscenes are of a more sensible length .
Whether it ’s due to some skillful trimming of the useless fluff that filled the other games or a measure imposed because of the PSP ’s battery life , we ’ll never know .
Despite its comparative brevity and succinctness , the script is no less melodramatic .
Moral messages are beaten like dead horses and subtlety is essentially nonexistent .
Time and again , characters will repeat what is obvious , but not to the degree of the console iterations .
And for those who are only there for the stealth gameplay , all cutscenes and codec discussions can be skipped .
Gameplay - wise , the greatest hurdle is undoubtedly the PSP controls .
Peace Walker improves upon Portable Ops , but players are never in as much control as they ’d like to be .
It ’s simply one of the disadvantages of having to control both a character and the camera .
The control scheme is actually the main reason to remain undetected , seeing as it almost completely breaks down when the player is discovered and gameplay reverts to a clunky third - person shooter .
To compensate for these functional disadvantages , enemies are far less observant and often downright stupid .
If you ’re spotted , you ’ll have your work cut out for you , but the tried - and - true method of keeping your distance and picking off enemies with a tranquilizer gun makes the game a cakewalk .
There are a few times that direct encounters are forced upon the player , but the odds are never insurmountable if you plan your strategy and are properly prepared .
Complementing the somewhat sloppy shooting controls and less than useful Auto - Aim are the CQC ( close quarter combat ) controls , which are excellent .
Almost entirely driven by quick - time events , Boss is able to take down groups of enemies in fluid combos simply by following button prompts .
This method minimizes player interaction , but better that than having a broken and ineffectual melee system .
Preparation is one of the key elements of Peace Walker .
Though progression is linear , players are allowed to restock their supplies and customize their load - outs in between each mission by returning to the offshore platform that is the MSF ’s base of operations .
As a result , you can tackle missions however you want by equipping Snake with a variety of weapons , items , and camouflage .
The Mother Base is integral to progress .
As Snake takes down enemies , he can choose to have them recruited into his own army and staff the Mother Base for stat boosts and other benefits .
With Combat , Research & Development , Food , Medical , and Intel Teams , each captured POW or willing recruit has a set of skills that make him perfect for a certain team .
Performing well in the field translates into experience for you and your soldiers , which in turn results in better weapons , healing items , and other beneficial effects .
While the entire system might seem daunting at first , it succeeds in adding several layers of strategy and depth without descending into the muddy waters of micromanagement .
Players can choose to custom - build their teams , but there ’s an auto - assign option for those who just want to play the game they ’re used to .
In addition to the main story missions , Peace Walker has numerous ‘ Extra - Ops ’ that range from side - quests to tests of skill .
Unlike the main mission , these can be tackled using any soldier within the Combat Unit , allowing dedicated players to work for an extra boost in experience .
Another massive aspect is the new cooperative mode , which allows almost the entire storyline to be played with a number of other teammates .
When executing ‘ Co - Ops , ’ it ’s an entirely new gameplay experience depending on the skill and number of teammates and the level of communication .
The multiplayer options extend to a series of standard competitive modes , and it ’s a welcome addition for those who want to keep on playing after the single player has dried up .
Visually , Metal Gear Solid : Peace Walker is quite astounding considering the specs of the PSP .
Character models and environments are crisp and pleasing to the eye , and cutscenes are handled using graphic - novel type animation .
The times when the player is allowed to interact with these cutscenes are some of the more memorable moments in the game .
David Hayter returns as the voice of Snake / Boss , heading up an able voice cast that delivers their lines with conviction , something that is all the more important considering the lack of facial animation during dialogue segments .
The music is excellent throughout , but has a different ‘ sound ’ when compared to other entries in the series simply because Harry Gregson - Williams was n’t the composer .
While the stealth mechanics are only a little more than skin deep and the game struggles with the action segments , it ’s presented so well and has all of the hallmarks of a Metal Gear title that fans of the series should n’t hesitate to purchase it .
The entire experience will last at least 20 hours , which is sizable for a portable game , and there ’s enough variety to keep it interesting throughout .
All in all , it ’s an admirable addition to the series .
For those who do n't know : Unity is the new Ubuntu Netbook Edition interface which will be available for Ubuntu 10.10 Maverick Meerkat .
This was something pretty much obvious , but now Mark Shuttleworth confirmed it : the Unity panel wo n't allow any kind of customizations .
That means not only that you wo n't be able to add / edit applets like in Ubuntu Netbook Edition 10.04 ( which could be easily " fixed " ) , but the user wo n't even be able to right click the applets to move them or whatever - nothing will happen upon right - clicking .
That 's why we only support left - click on the indicators .
When in gnome - panel , the right - click is used to manage panel features , but in Unity there 's no such capability , so it will feel cleaner .
I noticed this ever since I first tested Unity but I had hoped some kind of customization would be allowed in the end but it seems that wo n't be the case .
The reason for this is to " feel cleaner " :
It seems the right click has been completely removed from Unity : right clicking the top panel , the new dock or the desktop - does nothing .
Your opinion ?
Those who value wisdom and experience over youth will have been content with Fabio Capello 's squad announcement .
When news emerged yesterday that Shaun Wright - Phillips , aged 28 , had been selected ahead of Theo Walcott , 21 , it confirmed a dominant trend in the group of 23 players : a study by the Guardian revealed this is the oldest squad England has ever sent to a World Cup , with a record number of caps to boot .
The average age of 28.7 years pips the previous record of 28.4 established in 1954 , a side boosted by the sprightly 39 - year - old Stanley Matthews .
More significantly it is nearly three - and - a - half years higher than the average age of the World Cup squad four years ago , suggesting minimal evolution of the team in that time .
With age comes experience , however .
This England squad have a total of 900 caps between them , an average of 39.1 .
The previous highest was at Italia 90 , when Bobby Robson 's side could boast 32.2 caps each .
Inspired by one of their younger number , Paul Gascoigne , that team reached the semi-final but , sadly for those looking for a reason to be excited about England 's chances this summer , there does not appear to be any correlation between experience and performance at World Cups .
In 1966 , after all , Alf Ramsey 's triumphant party had a relatively green average age of 26.5 years .
Perhaps Capello is following the template set by his fellow Italians .
In 2006 the Azzurri defied their elderliness to win the World Cup with an average age of 29 .
Last month the Italian league champions , Internazionale , added the Champions League to the season 's trophies , José Mourinho 's wily and battle - hardened campaigners winning with an average age of 29.7 years .
The best inspiration of all for Wayne Rooney and company is surely England 's 2003 Rugby World Cup team .
Dismissively nicknamed " Dad 's Army " by Australia 's Toutai Kefu , Sir Clive Woodward 's ageing XV ( average 27 years ) lasted the pace better than their hosts in the final to lift the Webb Ellis Cup after extra-time .
If David James , Rio Ferdinand , Frank Lampard and England 's other " veterans " can similarly triumph against the odds , Trafalgar Square can prepare itself for the inevitable open - top parade .
Let 's just hope they remember their bus passes .
Chuck Baldwin
June 30 , 2010
The Internet is abuzz with news that a US Senate committee has approved a bill that apparently gives the President authority to shut down the Internet .
According to TechWorld.com , “ A US Senate committee has approved a wide - ranging cybersecurity bill that some critics have suggested would give the US president the authority to shut down parts of the Internet during a cyberattack . ”
My friends , if you have any love for liberty left in your heart , one thing is critical : the Internet must remain free–absolutely , totally unrestricted and free .
The report continues by saying , “ The bill , introduced earlier this month [ by Senators Joe Lieberman , I - Connecticut , Susan Collins , R- Maine , and Thomas Carper , D - Delaware ] , would establish a White House Office for Cyberspace Policy and a National Center for Cybersecurity and Communications , which would work with private US companies to create cybersecurity requirements for the electric grid , telecommunications networks and other critical infrastructure . ”
See the report at :
http://tinyurl.com/obama-can-kill-web1
A PrisonPlanet.com report says this about the bill : “ President Obama will be handed the power to shut down the Internet for at least four months without Congressional oversight if the Senate votes for the infamous Internet ‘ kill switch ’ bill , which was approved by a key Senate committee yesterday [ June 24 ] and now moves to the floor .
“ The Protecting Cyberspace as a National Asset Act , which is being pushed hard by Senator Joe Lieberman , would hand absolute power to the federal government to close down networks , and block incoming Internet traffic from certain countries under a declared national emergency .
“ Despite the Center for Democracy and Technology and 23 other privacy and technology organizations sending letters to Lieberman and other backers of the bill expressing concerns that the legislation could be used to stifle free speech , the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee passed the bill in advance of a vote on the Senate floor . ”
The report continued by saying , “ Fears that the legislation is aimed at bringing the Internet under the regulatory power of the U.S. government in an offensive against free speech were heightened further on Sunday , when Lieberman revealed that the plan was to mimic [ communist ]
China ’s policies of policing the web with censorship and coercion .
“ ‘ Right now China , the government , can disconnect parts of its Internet in case of war and we need to have that here too , ’ Lieberman told CNN ’s Candy Crowley .
“ While media and public attention is overwhelmingly focused on the BP oil spill , the establishment is quietly preparing the framework that will allow Obama , or indeed any President who follows him , to bring down a technological iron curtain that will give the government a foot in the door on seizing complete control over the Internet . ”
See the report at :
http://tinyurl.com/obama-can-kill-web2
Of course , pro-family groups have long lobbied Washington lawmakers to pass regulations restricting objectionable material on the Internet .
But Senator Lieberman ’s bill does more than restrict content on the Internet ; it gives the federal government the power to completely shut it down .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
My friends , if you have any love for liberty left in your heart , one thing is critical : the Internet must remain free–absolutely , totally unrestricted and free .
I realize that many upstanding , well - intentioned people believe that the federal government should restrict the content of the Internet .
But Lieberman ’s bill should provide ample warning for anyone who believes that the federal government can be trusted with ANY authority it is granted beyond that which is rightly ascribed to it via the US Constitution .
Plus , given the propensities of the federal government these days , how long before the definition of “ objectionable content ” includes your freedom of speech and mine ?
In plain language , the federal government has no business restricting anything that the Constitution does not permit it to .
If we cede the authority to restrict and regulate the content of the Internet to the federal government , we are also ceding to it the power to completely shut down the Internet .
And this is exactly what Lieberman ’s bill does .
The fact is , the Internet is the last bastion of free and unfiltered news and information .
And , yes , I understand that there is much misinformation on the Internet .
But that is the price of freedom .
The individual must be given the liberty to discern right from wrong for himself .
As a Christian , I believe this is why God provided the Holy Scriptures and the Holy Spirit .
And I for one do not need the federal government to try and replace either .
And as far as objectionable material being available to children is concerned , this is what parents are for !
Good grief !
It is bad enough that the federal government has turned into Big Brother ; are we going to allow it to become Big Momma and Big Daddy as well ?
Ladies and gentlemen , it is essential that the free flow of information be allowed to continue over the Internet .
The major news media is a finely filtered , tightly controlled medium that works harder at blocking news and information than it does at delivering it .
Virtually every major television and radio network , along with the nation ’s major newspapers , is an equal opportunity news - suppressor .
Just ask yourself , what would you have known regarding the MIAC report in Missouri had it not been for the Internet ?
What would you have known about the fiasco in Hardin , Montana , had it not been for the Internet ?
What would you know about the NAFTA superhighway without the Internet ?
If not for the Internet , would you ever have learned about the CFR ’s plans for a North American Community ?
Where would the Tea Parties be today without the Internet ?
Where would Ron Paul ’s campaign in 2008 have been without the Internet ?
Virtually everything you ’ve learned regarding the State sovereignty momentum that continues to build across this country you ’ve learned from the Internet .
Except for a few courageous independent radio talk show hosts , and newspaper and magazine publishers , the vast majority of extremely relevant and critical information relative to freedom is gleaned from the Internet–not to mention the speed with which news and information is able to travel , thanks to the Internet .
It is no hyperbole to suggest that the Internet is the modern patriots ’ version of the colonists ’
Committees of Correspondence that sounded the clarion call for liberty and independence at the time of America ’s founding .
And now , power - mad elitists in Washington , D.C. , are attempting to provide the federal government with the power and authority to shut it down at will .
What is even more disturbing is the way that private companies and special interest groups are willing to prostitute themselves before the federal government in order to get their own “ piece of the pie . ”
Think of it : just about every freedom - grabbing , Big-Government action taken by these modern Machiavellians in Washington , D.C. , is facilitated by willing CEOs from Big Business .
They gladly assist Big Brother when he wants to spy on us , read our emails , listen to our phone calls , etc .
They happily help Big Brother when he wants to eavesdrop inside our homes , examine our financial records , or snoop on our private lives .
When Big Brother says , “ Jump ! ” they ask , “ How high ? ” Then–like these hypocrites in Washington , D.C. –they have the audacity to wave the flag on Independence Day and shout , “ America : the land of the free ! ”
As if they are blameless in freedom ’s demise .
Mark it down : if the federal government ever shuts down the Internet , it will be business as usual for Washington , D.C. , and its fellow travelers in Big Business ; but We the People will be out of business , and so will freedom .
Regardless of what side of any issue you and I may come from , it is critical that the Internet remains absolutely and totally free .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
JULIA Gillard says she has great respect for religion , even though she is a non-believer .
The new Prime Minister , who has described herself as a non-practising Baptist , told ABC Radio today she was not worried about losing the Christian vote drawn by her predecessors Kevin Rudd and John Howard .
Ms Gillard explained she was raised in the Baptist tradition - even winning prizes for remembering Bible verses - but as an adult she had formed different views .
" I 'm not going to pretend a faith I do n't feel , " she said .
" For people of faith I think the greatest compliment I could pay to them is to respect their genuinely held beliefs and not to engage in some pretence about mine . "
Ms Gillard said she never thought it was the right thing for her to go through religious rituals for the sake of appearance .
" I am what I am , and people will judge that . "
Originally published asGillard has ' great respect ' for religion
City council has voted against putting bike lanes on University Avenue this summer -- but one councillor may have accidentally voted the wrong way .
Coun .
Paula Fletcher apparently voted against the bike lanes motion by mistake .
The proposal had been recommended to council by the Public Works Committee for a pilot study .
The pilot project would have set up a protected lane for bicyclists , using a temporary barrier that would have been removed in the fall .
Toronto 's cycling community has pushed for bike lanes on University Avenue because it connects to several east - and west - bound roadways , making it easier for cyclists to travel across the city .
A high - ranking prison guard convicted of smuggling drugs at Bordeaux prison will serve nine years behind bars , a judge ruled in Montreal court Friday .
Pierre - Arold Agnant was found guilty in November of smuggling large quantities of marijuana , hashish and cocaine into the prison , as well as alcohol and cell phones , an illicit act that saw him net more than $ 60,000 per year in addition to his $ 80,000 salary as a prison guard .
Agnant , who claims he was framed , asked for clemency in the case , but Justice France Charbonneau came down with a tough sentence , with no chance of parole before he serves half the term .
The strict sentence was ordered due to Agnan 's abuse of his position of authority , said Charbonneau .
" I believe it 's the harshest sentence a prison guard has received as of now for a sentence of this nature , so I believe it sends a clear message , " said prosecutor Richard Audet .
Agnant was paid between $ 2,500 to $ 4,000 per package and usually smuggled the goods in soda cans or potato chip containers , all destined to a well - organized group of inmates who dealt drugs inside the jail .
In addition , Agnant routinely busted other drug couriers at Bourdeaux , and warned his gang about impending searches .
The case will not be appealed , said defence lawyer Clemente Monterosso .
Agnant , who is a landed immigrant and not a Canadian citizen , will be deported back to his homeland in Haiti when he is released from prison .
Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance
Robert M. Pirsig 's full audio book is now available as a Podcast ( MP3 ) and in the Adobe Acrobat ( PDF ) format .
Experience this ground breaking book !
Pirsig introduces his ideas on values in his first book , Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance ( ZMM ) .
The text contains three interweaved narratives : a motorcycle trip across America , the reconciliation of the narrator with his son and former " insane " self , Phaedrus , and a number of philosophical discussions concerning the quality of contemporary Western life .
ZMM was finally published in 1974 and became an astonishing literary success despite being refused by more than 121 publishers .
The text continuously attracts large numbers of readers and is possibly the most widely read philosophy book of the 20th century .
It had a profound impact on my personal and professional development and I hope that the MP3 Podcast together with the original text ( linked on the left hand side ) inspires many new readers .
Though less famous , ZMM 's sequel Lila :
An Inquiry into Morals is also worthy of note as it systematically extends Pirsig 's discussions into a developed Metaphysics of Quality ( MOQ ) .
Pirsig mentions several towns that he and his son visited during the actual motorcycle tour that the journey described in ZMM was based on .
Several people have followed the route the Pirsigs took in 1968 but if you cannot take the tour yourself , you might be interested in the aerial views of the towns via the links given below .
The surrounding lakes and rivers and folds in the mountains will also be evident .
• Minnesota > Minneapolis >
Breckenridge >
• North Dakota > Ellendale >
Hague >
• South Dakota > Herreid > Mobridge > Lemmon > Bowman >
• Montana > Baker > Miles City > Laurel > Red Lodge > Cooke City > Yellowstone National Park > Gardiner > Bozeman > English Department at the Montana State University > Missoula > Three Forks > Butte > Anaconda > Philipsburg > Hall > Lolo Pass >
Billings >
• Idaho >
White Bird > Riggins > New Meadows > Cambridge > Brownlee Dam >
• Oregon > Richland > Baker > Unity > Dixie Pass > Prairie City > Dayville > Mitchell > Prineville >
Bend > La Pine > Crater Lake > Klamath Lake > Medford > Grants Pass >
• California > Crescent City > Arcata > Leggett > Mendocino >
Caspar , CA , Point Cabrillo Road - The Climax of the book .
> San Francisco , CA , Haight / Divisadero -
The corner on which Chris died .
last updated February 2 , 2011 , by Christoph Bartneck
For three weeks , as the giant slick crept closer to shore , officials from the White House , Coast Guard , Army Corps of Engineers , Fish and Wildlife Service , National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and Environmental Protection Agency debated the best approach .
They ultimately approved the use of only one barrier , called a berm , to be paid for by BP .
Comparing the federal government ’s response to “ telling a drowning man to wait , ” Gov. Bobby Jindal of Louisiana asked :
If one berm is safe , then why not the 23 others that he had requested ?
Slowly , the federal government approved more berms .
From the start , BP had played down the extent of the problem in miscalculating the rate of the leak and in denying the existence of underwater oil plumes .
By deferring to the company , federal officials underestimated the problem they were facing and thus what was needed to respond to it .
It took more than a week after the explosion for the homeland security secretary , Janet Napolitano , to declare , on April 29 , “ a spill of national significance ” a legal categorization that was needed before certain federal assistance could be authorized .
Because of such delays , critics have charged , more coastline will be hit , more animals will die , more habitats will be ruined and more money will be lost in tourism , fishing and real estate .
And yet , the administration is limited in its ability to divorce itself from BP , because federal officials rely on the company for technology , personnel and financing for the cleanup .
The relationship reached a turning point last week when the administration said the national incident commander , Adm .
Thad W. Allen of the Coast Guard , would start giving solo briefings .
He will no longer share a podium with BP , which will offer its own briefings .
That move , however , does not resolve the matter of who is actually in charge in the gulf  of ensuring safety and regulating the dangerous extraction of vast riches under the deepest waters there , as well as of handling the continuing emergency .
“ They ’re selling coffee for four dollars and they ca n’t afford a dollar a day for music ?
If they do n’t think it ’s worth it , that ’s their choice , ’’ Candilora said .
“ But I have to say that most people recognize that music is a value to their business .
Every now and then we run into people that think , ‘ I ’m just a small little bar ; they ’re not going to sue me , ’ and that ’s a mistake .
Frankly , once you ’re on our radar we ca n’t let you go . ’’
The PROs have been criticized for years for their aggressive stance ; in the mid-1990s ASCAP bowed to public outcry after attempting to collect licensing fees from the Girl Scouts for singing campfire songs .
( They now charge the scouts a symbolic $ 1 a year . )
But Vincent Candilora , ASCAP ’s senior vice president for licensing , has no sympathy for Gudmundsson and her ilk .
Performance license fees are calculated based on a variety of factors : a venue size and seating capacity , the number of musicians who perform there , and the number of live performances per week , among others .
The average fee for a small coffeehouse would be $ 200 to $ 400 .
But owners could be required to buy licenses from all three PROs .
Among them is Magret Gudmundsson , who until recently hosted a monthly acoustic open mike in her Middleborough cafe , Coffee Milano .
“ I like having it here , but we ’re not making any money from it and they wanted $ 332 a year , ’’ Gudmundsson said .
“ The town really needs something like this .
They ruined it . ’’
With the music industry in steep decline , PROs are ramping up their pursuit of the little guys , who acknowledge that songwriters are entitled to compensation but are angry and frustrated at what they see as unfair targeting of small businesses and nonprofits that make no money from the music they present .
Copyright law requires that any venue where music is performed publicly , from cheerleading competitions and mortuaries to nightclubs and stadiums , have a performance license .
Recorded music is subject to license fees as well .
The three US - based PROs — ASCAP , BMI , and SESAC — collect the fees and distribute them to their members .
Across New England , church coffeehouses , library cafes , and eateries that pass the hat to pay local musicians or open their doors to casual jam sessions are experiencing a crackdown by performance rights organizations , or PROs , which collect royalties for songwriters .
“ I was blown away by his demeanor , ’’ Carboni said .
“ He was rude to my staff .
He was adamant about getting information .
They were threatening me with lawsuits .
So I did what I had to do , and ended my music program . ’’
The threatening letters started arriving in early 2009 , a few months after Jim Whitney opened J Dubs Coffee , a tiny storefront coffee shop in a Manchester , N.H. , strip mall .
Fifteen came over a few months , right around the time Anthony Demings , owner of the Brooklyn Coffee and Tea House in Providence , was receiving his own string of letters , and Lorraine Carboni , proprietor of Somethin ’s Brewin ’ Book Cafe in Lakeville , began getting calls and then lunch hour visits from a brusque man .
ASCAP files between 250 and 300 copyright infringement lawsuits a year .
BMI files 100 to 200 annually , and it ’s always a last resort , according to spokesman Jerry Bailey , often following years of attempts to enforce compliance with the law .
BMI is currently suing the owner of a saloon in Rochester , N.H. , that the company has been trying to license since 2003 .
“ We ’ve made one personal visit , 59 phone calls , and sent 39 letters , ’’ Bailey said .
Fewer than 10 percent of copyright infringement suits go to trial , because , he said , “ once a business owner gets an attorney , they find out they do n’t have a prayer of winning . ’’
Penalties in court range from $ 750 to $ 30,000 per song , and are determined by a federal judge .
Bailey said he understands how difficult it is for small business owners to survive .
“ But are they going to the electric company and saying , ‘ Times are tough ; can we get some free service ? ’ ’’
The number of lawsuits is on the rise , in large part because of technology .
Not only do sites such as Facebook , Citysearch , and Yelp make it easier to spot potential violators , but sophisticated software simplifies the process of identifying music at its source , and determining whether it falls under copyright protection .
BMI owns the technology many cellphone users know as Shazam , a mobile app that identifies songs ( the other PROs have their own version ) .
Regional licensing agents use the app during anonymous visits to venues .
And that , said Howie Newman , a Massachusetts musician who has lost work on the local coffeehouse circuit because of all the canceled music programs , is cause for concern .
“ The song ‘ Happy Birthday ’ is covered by copyright .
Where do you draw the line ?’’ said Newman , who also runs the Music in Melrose coffeehouse at Church of the Nazarene , which features monthly performances between September and May .
“ We could n’t afford a thousand dollars a year [ the price for licenses with all three PROs ] .
We do n’t gross that for the whole season .
There needs to be some kind of amendment to the law where venues of a certain size or which generate a certain amount of revenue are exempt or have a small fee . ’’
To that end Louis Meyers , the executive director of Nashville - based Folk Alliance , is negotiating with the PROs to formalize a license waiver for nonprofits , nontraditional venues , and coffeehouses with a capacity of 50 or fewer .
But he said talks are progressing slowly .
“ There ’s been such an incredible shrinkage in their revenue streams , because sales of music are down across the board , that all of a sudden they ’re much hungrier and less willing to give up any money , ’’ Meyers said .
“ Right now their collection people on the street are going after everyone . ’’
That includes numerous people who declined to speak on the record for fear it would draw more attention from the PROs .
One proprietor of a small restaurant in Western Massachusetts , who says he ’s lucky if 25 people show up for live music on Tuesdays and Thursdays , has written letters to each of the PROs explaining that entertainers in his establishment play only originals and traditional folk songs , which are n’t protected by copyright .
“ They wrote back and said , ‘ I do n’t believe you , ’ ’’ he said .
“ They say that the problem is I do n’t know every song that ’s been written and someone could throw in a song that I ’ve never heard .
How do I get around that ?
Buy a license that covers everything . ’’
Most coffeehouses would be eligible for the minimum fee of $ 200 to $ 400 .
But even that is roughly a quarter of the profits one South Shore summer music series , at a rural education center , brings in during an entire season of concerts .
“ I think the artists should be paid something for their work , but at the same time you should n’t be hitting these coffeehouses that are volunteer - driven and lucky to be breaking even , ’’ said the center ’s executive director , who has been presenting music for 15 years and began getting letters from ASCAP a year ago .
“ It really feels like extortion . ’’
Joan Anderman can be reached at anderman@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
New Yorkers long ago stopped being fooled by the luxury knockoffs peddled from sidewalk card tables at prices too good to be true .
Not that they always keep their wallet in check — as a close inspection of many a supposedly pedigreed Louis Vuitton handbag might reveal , if the penny - pinching owner would allow it .
There are some counterfeit goods , though , where the close - enough counterfeit is far from an adequate substitution for the confidence of a brand - name product .
Take a specific , alarming example : Trojan condoms .
Federal officials say that a counterfeit smuggling ring , ZX Trading , made millions selling imported Chinese knockoffs , including bags , clothes and sunglasses that bear brand names including Disney , Nike and North Face .
But perhaps the most troubling discovery was of a stash of more than half a million fake Trojan brand condoms , which did not have spermicide as advertised and later failed water leakage tests .
A prosecutor for the United States attorney ’s office in Brooklyn called the fake condoms “ a danger to the public . ”
A lawyer for Church & Dwight , which owns Trojan , warned that the condoms “ may pose potential safety risks to consumers and users . ”
Two siblings were scheduled to be sentenced on Friday in Brooklyn for their role in running the counterfeit - smuggling ring that federal officials say was responsible for importing the bogus condoms .
The hearing was postponed because of a debate about the level of the siblings ’ involvement in the condom situation .
The two , Lin F. Hu and Jian Lin Hu , pleaded guilty to one count of trafficking in counterfeit goods last year , though they specifically did not admit to importing the condoms .
A recent court filing on behalf of the siblings reiterated the denial , adding , “ The mere fact that a product has a counterfeit brand name does not mean that it is dangerous . ”
Prosecutors are seeking a sentence of 46 to 57 months in prison .
Counterfeit condoms have become a booming business in China in recent years .
According to a report in The Times of London last year , the Chinese authorities reported that they had raided a workshop in Hunan Province where more than two million condoms had been made in unsterile conditions , lubricated with vegetable oil and falsely labeled with brand names like Durex and Rough Rider . — A. G. Sulzberger
New Policy for District Attorney
Tucked toward the end of a news release put out by the Manhattan district attorney ’s office on Thursday was a short but significant note .
It read that as per office policy , 10 percent of the proceeds from the deferred - prosecution agreement being announced would go to the state , 51 percent to the city and the remaining 39 percent to law enforcement authorities .
The new policy on how to divide money from these agreements represents a stark departure by Cyrus R. Vance Jr. , the Manhattan district attorney , from his predecessor , Robert M. Morgenthau .
Toward the end of his 35 - year tenure last year , Mr. Morgenthau got into a now famous spat with Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg over the office ’s finances — and Mr. Morgenthau said it centered on what his office did with money from these deferred - prosecution agreements ( a company or individual agrees to certain conditions in order not to be prosecuted ) .
The mayor ’s office accused Mr. Morgenthau ’s office of keeping dozens of accounts outside the city ’s financial review process by not registering them with the comptroller ’s office .
Mr. Morgenthau said that the concerns were just sour grapes and that Mr. Bloomberg was simply upset that the state received a larger share than the city of a $ 350 million settlement last year with the British bank Lloyds TSB Group .
The Bloomberg administration argued that it should get all the money from those deferred prosecution agreements , Mr. Morgenthau said .
But he bluntly rebuffed them .
As Mr. Morgenthau was negotiating another huge settlement with a foreign bank , Credit Suisse , he supported legislation in Albany that called for the money deferred - prosecution agreements to be split 50 - 50 between the city and the state .
The law passed , and the city and state had to split $ 268 million from the Credit Suisse settlement down the middle .
But that law expired this year .
So , after the city ’s comptroller completed an audit of the district attorney ’s books this year , one recommendation was that Mr. Vance ’s office set out a policy for dispersing the settlement proceeds .
The result is the 10 - 51 - 39 split , not so surprising when you consider that Mr. Vance has clearly been trying to play a conciliatory role .
As expected , Mr. Vance ’s policy drew applause from the mayor ’s office .
“ We are pleased that the district attorney has put a consistent formula for allocating funds in place , ” Jason Post , a spokesman for the mayor ’s office , wrote in an e-mail message .
— John Eligon
Promotion
Patton Boggs this week named Richard E. Andersen the managing partner of its New York office .
Mr. Andersen has nearly three decades of experience in both domestic and international tax matters , according to a release put out by the firm .
John Eligon and other court reporters for The New York Times bring you inside the city ’s halls of law every Friday .
Have a tip ?
Send an email to CourthouseConfidential@nytimes.com .
Love the push email on your Android phone , but not so much in love that it ’s only available for Gmail ?
Well SEVEN may be the way to go , which brings push email to all email accounts , not just Gmail and Exchange on Android 2.1 OS devices .
After downloading SEVEN , you ’ll get two new icons in your application drawer of your Android device , SEVEN IM , and SEVEN Mail .
Both are very easy to set up .
The mail app has quite a nice look to it , sporting a black background with white text , staying away from the standard Gmail app look .
A line of icons lay atop of the screen , making it easier than ever to switch between email accounts and search for contacts through all accounts .
SEVEN mail is more battery friendly than that of the pre-installed Gmail application on Android devices .
It offers better management of bandwidth and signaling when it comes to network utilization .
Because of this , the SEVEN push email system is n’t as “ pushy ” as the native Gmail application , and you ’ll have to wait a few minutes to receive your email .
I ran two tests to see how fast I would receive my emails from both the Gmail , and SEVEN applications .
In the first test , Gmail received the email in 14 seconds , and SEVEN took about 3.5 minutes .
The second test took Gmail 30 seconds , and SEVEN took about a little under 4.5 minutes .
So , there are differences , but they are n’t like the built - in POP / IMAP Android email application , which takes around 15 minutes .
The SEVEN IM application currently only supports Google Talk , and Windows Live Messenger , but they assured us that AIM and Yahoo ! will be added before the application makes it out of beta .
The IM application just as with the email app , makes it just as easy to add accounts and get to chatting with all of your friends .
I did n’t get too much time to play around with it , as I only have a Google Talk account , and rarely use it .
Still , it shows promise , and looks great .
SEVEN is a great option if you have multiple email accounts from different services .
Having and Android phone since late 2008 has made me go completely Google , so I have no need for such application , but if you do , SEVEN should be one of your first choices .
Download SEVEN beta here .
The Apostleship of the Sea is celebrating its 100th anniversary and changing its name to “ Stella Maris , ” the Latin title of Mary , Star of the Sea , and the name by which most of the Catholic centers for seafarers are known .
Continue Reading
Kochi 高知 is a city on the South Side of Shikoku Island in Japan .
You can reach it by bus from Takamatsu 高松 .
I travelled there and back using two single tickets – each costing ¥ 2900 ( there was some deal at the time where two single tickets were cheaper than a return ) .
The bus takes just over two hours from Takamatsu ’s main bus station , and takes you to Kochi ’s main bus station .
Tourist information
At the Kochi bus station is a very good tourist information centre .
One of the ladies there spoke very good English and was able to tell us how to get to all the places that we wanted to visit .
They had some good English maps we could have for free .
We bought a day ticket for the My Yu bus ( My遊バス ) .
This cost us ¥900 and got us :
Unlimited travel on the My Yu bus – however note that the buses are n’t very frequent .
Only 5 per day on weekdays , and 7 per day at the weekends .
One single journey on one of the scheduled buses between Harimaya - bashi and Katsurahame .
This extra bus journey helps to compensate for the small number of My Yu buses .
Unlimited travel on the Kochi tram .
Discounts at certain attractions .
This is what the ticket looked like .
You scratch out the month and the day of when you are using the ticket ( highlighted in green ) .
The box highlighted in red is for the bus driver of the scheduled bus to scratch out when you use that bus .
If you are going to Katsurahama Beach , and using the tram a bit then it will work out cheaper than buying each journey individually .
And if you go somewhere like the Makino Botanical Gardens as well , then you are in the money !
Katsurahama Beach
To go to Katsurahama Beach to see the Pacific Ocean and the other sites there we took the scheduled bus from the specific bus stop that we could use .
You are best off getting the tourist information people to give you a map with the bus stop location , and the bus times , so you get the right bus .
Once at the beach you can see the statue of Sakamoto Ryoma and walk along the beach , and up a small hill to see a little shrine and get a good view of the Pacific .
Makino Botanical Garden
If you have time then go to the Makino Botanical Garden .
You can get the My Yu bus from Katsurahama Beach to the botanical gardens .
Your My Yu bus ticket will get you a small discount off the admission price too .
For us it was ¥600 each .
Even though it was raining the botanical gardens was very impressive .
It is located on a hill which gives it an interesting layout .
There are two indoor museum areas , and a long covered walkway connecting them .
In particular I recommend you visit the large green house which has loads of plants and flowers in a very attractive setting .
Vegetarian food in Kochi
We ate at two restaurants where we were able to get vegetarian food .
We had an Indian meal at Masala , and a DIY vegetarian okonomiyaki at the Hakobe restaurant .
There are within about 50 m of each other .
Ordering from the Indian is straightforward , but you ’ll only be able to get vegetarian okonomiyaki ingredients if you speak enough Japanese to explain what you want ( and do n’t want ) to the waiter .
Kochi at night
Kochi at night is pleasant to walk around .
The city is compact , and the covered shopping areas are good landmarks for finding your bearings .
We saw that Harimaya - bashi red bridge .
It is very small and not very impressive but worth a photo .
Los Inn Hotel Kochi
We stayed at the Los Inn Hotel .
It is about five minutes walk from the station .
The room we had was very cheap and functional .
Not a luxury place to stay , but fine if you are here for a short stay .
Kochi Castle
Kochi Castle is located on a hill on the West side of the city centre .
You can walk around the grounds for free and climb up to see the castle itself .
Many of the information plaques have descriptions in English so you can discover the history of the castle as you explore .
Kochi Map
And finally here is a map of the places we visited .
View Kochi 高知 Weekend Holiday in a larger map
If you like this post please consider linking to it using this code : < a href= " https://www.reviewmylife.co.uk/blog/2010/06/24/kochi-japan-holiday/ "
> Kochi , Japan – a short visit</a>
Related
Tags : japan , Kochi , shikoku , travel
It 's the side of domestic abuse you rarely hear about .
But here , one wife shockingly admits ...
I was a husband beater
Losing control : Florence
Terry would lash out at her husband .
She now helps others to overcome conflict
The first time I struck my husband was during an argument over money .
He 'd decided to pay off a loan without telling me and we ' d gone overdrawn .
I was worried and tried to discuss it with him , at which point he left the room .
I felt we had n't talked it through properly and followed him .
The next minute , I was hitting him around the head .
I remember losing control and my limbs lashing out .
Afterwards he was upset and I cried - I felt scared and ashamed of what I 'd done .
I apologised and thought it was a one - off , but in fact it was a pattern that carried on for the next ten years .
I met my husband through mutual friends at Durham University .
I was 19 and he was five years older , more worldly and mature .
He was less serious , too , and made me laugh .
We married five years later .
He had a job in IT by then and I started work as a divorce lawyer .
The early days of our marriage were steady , but as the stress of my job and responsibilities grew , I took it out on him .
After that first time , it happened again about 18 months later .
I felt a surge of rage I could n't control .
My anger would escalate during arguments over household chores or my husband coming to bed late .
I remember feeling I was out of my body , watching myself and telling myself to stop , but I could n't .
I would hit him hard ; hitting to hurt .
One time , I picked up a table and crashed it down so hard on the ground that it broke .
I left bite marks in his arm a couple of times - it was similar to the way siblings fight , yet he never once struck back .
He 'd hold up his hands to shield himself , which made me feel even worse .
My husband felt emotionally hurt at times - it was upsetting for him to think the person he loved wanted to hurt him - but he never threatened to leave me .
He felt there was more to me than this behaviour , and that we still had a strong marriage .
I 'm a petite woman , a little over eight stone ( 51kg ) , and my husband is a big man .
Yet he said he did n't feel emasculated , and that I never physically hurt him .
While I exploded , he remained calm .
Stigma : Florence felt her behaviour carried added shame as women were n't expected to be violent , especially high - powered working women who volunteered for charities ( File pic )
I was thankful , but I was also frustrated that he was n't communicating fully with me .
I was using violence to get a reaction .
I was verbally aggressive , too .
I 'd make demeaning comments , sarcastic and personal attacks - all the things that erode love .
I 'd blame him , preach and criticise .
I could n't understand why I wanted to be aggressive to someone I loved .
I now realise the anger I felt was to do with stress and low self - esteem .
I was packing my life too tightly , working long hours as a lawyer , volunteering at the Citizens Advice bureau and doing soup runs for the homeless .
I had what I felt was a privileged upbringing ; my family was middle class and I went to private schools .
I felt I had an obligation to repay this to society .
I thought I should be superhuman and I felt my husband should be , too .
Behind closed doors Domestic violence accounts for 15 per cent of violent crime
To other people I seemed calm and accommodating , a kind of peacemaker .
But inside I was pent up and deeply ashamed of myself .
Eventually I accepted something had to change .
I 'd heard about domestic violence groups , but only for men .
I felt my behaviour carried an added stigma - women were n't expected to be violent , especially high - powered working women who volunteered for charities .
Then I found an anger management course on the internet .
It was nerve - racking at first , and I knew I 'd have to face up to aspects of my life I 'd prefer to overlook .
Yet the course was a turning point and by the time it finished I felt confident I could control myself .
Then , two years later , I hit my husband again .
I had become complacent , assumed that I 'd changed .
So when I slapped his face for the last time , I was forced to confront the situation .
This time I told my family and friends what had been happening .
That they did n't criticise or judge was a huge help .
Soon after , I decided to go part - time as a lawyer and a mediator , and now I run a course to help people deal with anger and conflict .
My husband and I are still together , and I 'm careful not to choose language that is aggressive .
If i ever get angry and feel my heartbeat quicken , I leave the room , but that is rare .
I would n't claim our marriage is now perfect , but it 's pretty good .
It 's a caring and gentle relationship , which feels like a big achievement for me .
StopSeeingRed.co.uk
As told to Jill Clark .
Copyright Guardian News and Media 2010 .
Here are a few ways to create landing pages for your website .
You can build landing pages using WordPress
https://landingpagebuildereview.tumblr.com/
Death is a part of every person ’s life ; in this article we explore ten of the strangest deaths that have occurred in recorded history .
10 Francis Bacon ( 22 January 1561 – 9 April 1626 )
Manner of death : Stuffing snow into a chicken
Francis Bacon ; statesman , philosopher , creator of the English essay , and advocate for the scientific revolution ( he established “ The Scientific Method ” still used today ) , was one of very few people to die as a result of one of their own experiments .
In 1625 , whilst gazing out the window at a snowy afternoon , Sir Francis Bacon had an epiphany of sorts .
Why would snow not work as preservative of meat in much the same way salt is used ?
Needing to know and unheeding of the weather , Bacon rushed to town to purchase a chicken , brought it home and began the experiment .
Standing outside in the snow , he killed the chicken and tried to stuff it with snow .
The experiment was a failure ; the chicken did n’t freeze , and as a consequence of standing around in the freezing weather , Bacon developed a terminal case of pneumonia .
Trying to stave off the inevitable , Bacon roasted and ate the chicken .
That too was a failed experiment .
He died .
Get even more crazy and bizarre deaths with 1,000 Ways To Die Season 6 at Amazon.com !
9 Horace Wells ( January 21 , 1815 – January 24 , 1848 )
Advertisement
Manner of death : Used anesthetics to commit suicide
An American dentist , born in Vermont and educated in Boston , Horace Wells was one of the pioneers in the field of anesthesia .
Weary of screaming patients , ( it was known to upset him terribly , he often debated leaving the field of dentistry altogether ) , he was one of the first practitioners to see the value of nitrous oxide or laughing gas as an anesthetic .
After a failed experiment and falling out of favor with the medical community , Wells became a traveling anesthetic salesman and European expert for his former partner , Gardner Quincy Colton .
His ‘ investigations ’ led to a chloroform addiction that would be his down - fall .
In 1848 , delirious and deranged after a week of self - experimentation , Wells ran into the street and assaulted two prostitutes with sulfuric acid .
He was arrested and confined at New York ’s infamous Tombs Prison .
Recovering from the drug induced psychosis ; the true horror of his actions came home to roost .
Unable to live with this shame , Wells committed suicide by first inhaling a substantial dose of chloroform and then slitting his femoral artery .
8 Tycho Brahe ( December 14 , 1546 – October 24 , 1601 )
Manner of death : Did n’t get to the toilet in time
Famous as an alchemist and astronomer , Brahe ’s pioneering observations of planetary motion paved the way for Sir Isaac Newton to develop the theory of gravity .
Unfortunately brilliance and common sense do not always go hand in hand , the manner of his death being the case in point .
Known to have a weak bladder and knowing that it was very bad form to leave the banquet table before the festivities concluded , Brahe still neglected to relieve himself before dinner .
To compound matters , he was known to drink excessively , and this particular banquet was no exception .
Too polite to ask to be excused , his bladder strained causing a protracted ( 11 day ) , agonizing death .
Whether he died of a burst bladder or hyponatremia ( low levels of sodium in the blood ) or mercury poisoning is now debated .
Note : this is very similar to an event in which a lady died recently in a competition entitled “ Hold Your Wee for a Wii ” .
She died of hyponatremia .
7 Attila the Hun ( 406 – 453 )
Manner of death :
He got a nosebleed on his wedding night
History ’s most brilliant tactician , warlord , and notorious villain , Attila the Hun conquered all of Asia by 450 AD .
Using a combination of fierce combat and ruthless assimilation , Mongolia to the very edge of the Russian Empire fell to Attila and his armies .
Known for his frugal eating and drinking habits , Attila must have thought that his own wedding was an occasion to celebrate .
Marrying a young girl named Ildico , in 453 AD ; he over - indulged in both food and drink .
Sometime after retiring for the evening , his nose started to bleed .
Too drunk to notice , it continued to bleed , ultimately drowning him in his own blood .
6 Aeschylus ( 525 BC / 524 BC – 456 BC )
Manner of death :
An eagle dropped a tortoise on his head
Considered the founder of tragedy , Aeschylus is the first of the three ancient Greek playwrights whose work still survives .
He expanded the characters of a play so that there was conflict between them instead of actors solely interacting with the chorus .
Sophocles and Euripides famously followed in his footsteps .
While visiting Gela on the island of Sicily , legend has it that an eagle , mistaking Aeschylus ’ bald pate for a stone , dropped a tortoise on his head killing him .
Some accounts differ , stating that a stone was dropped on his head , the eagle mistaking his shining crown for an egg .
This is not as far - fetched as it seems .
The Lammergeier or Bearded Vulture is native to the Mediterranean , and is known to drop bones and tortoises on rocks to break them open .
5 King Adolf Frederick of Sweden ( May 14 , 1710 – February 12 , 1771 )
Manner of death : Eating too much pudding
Adolph ’s Frederick was the titular King of Sweden from 1751 – 1771 .
The omnipotent Riksdag or senate held the reins of power despite Adolphus ’ best efforts to wrest it from them .
Another victim of personal excess , Adophus Frederick is known by Swedish children as “ the king who ate himself to death ” .
On February 12 , 1771 , after partaking of a banquet consisting of lobster , caviar , sauerkraut , smoked herring and champagne he moved on to his favorite dessert , Semla , a traditional bun or pastry made from semolina / wheat flour , served in a bowl of hot milk .
One or two portions would have been sufficient ; 14 servings was excessive .
He died shortly thereafter of digestion problems .
4 Grigori Rasputin ( January 22 , 1869 – December 29 , 1916 )
Manner of death : Drowning after being poisoned , shot , stabbed , and bludgeoned
The Mad Monk , Grigori Rasputin , was a peasant and mystic healer who found favor with the royal court of Russia by providing relief to Crown Prince Aleksey , a hemophiliac and heir to the throne .
Wielding much influence on the royal court , the unkempt , vulgar , and amazingly resilient Rasputin made many political enemies .
He had to go ; much easier said than done .
The conspirators first tried poison , enough poison to kill a man three times his size , but he seemed unaffected .
Next they snuck up behind him and shot him in the head .
This should have done it , but no ; while one of the assassins was checking his pulse , the mystic grabbed the conspirator by the neck and proceeded to strangle him .
Running away , the would - be assassins took up the chase , shooting him 3 times in the process .
The gunshots slowed him down enough to allow his pursuers to catch - up .
They then proceeded to bludgeon him before throwing him in the icy cold river ( Russian winter ) .
When his body was recovered an autopsy showed that the cause of death was drowning .
3 Isadora Duncan ( May 27 , 1877 – September 14 , 1927 )
Manner of death : Strangulation and a broken neck
Isadora Duncan is widely considered as the mother of Modern Dance .
Born in San Francisco , California , Dora Angela Duncan was the product of divorced parents ; her father a disgraced banker and her mother and pianist and music teacher .
Her free form style was never very popular in her home country , but she found great success after immigrating to Paris .
She founded three schools of dance and her likeness is carved over the entrance to the Théâtre des Champs - Élysées .
Isadora Duncan died of a broken neck and accidental strangulation when her scarf caught on the wheel of a car she was traveling in .
The New York Times , succinctly and brutally described it thusly :
“ The automobile was going at full speed when the scarf of strong silk began winding around the wheel and with terrific force dragged Miss Duncan , around whom it was securely wrapped , bodily over the side of the car , precipitating her with violence against the cobblestone street .
She was dragged for several yards before the chauffeur halted , attracted by her cries in the street .
Medical aid was summoned , but it was stated that she had been strangled and killed instantly . ”
2 Christine Chubbuck ( August 24 , 1944 – July 15 , 1974 )
Manner of death : Suicide on live TV
Christine Chubbuck was the host of “ Suncoast Digest ” a well regarded public affairs program on WXLT - TV in Sarasota , Florida .
Breaking format , her guest was waiting across the studio at the news anchor ’s desk ; Christine read eight minutes of national news stories before the tape reel malfunctioned while describing a shooting at the Beef and Bottle restaurant .
Seemingly unfazed by the technical glitch , Christine looked into the camera and said :
“ In keeping with Channel 40 ’s policy of bringing you the latest in blood and guts , and in living color , you are going to see another first : an attempted suicide . ”
Taking a revolver out from under her desk , she placed it behind her left ear and pulled the trigger ( she learned this was the most effective way to commit suicide from the police while researching a project for her show ) .
She tumbled violently forward as the technical director slowly faded to black .
Some viewers called 911 while others called the station to see if it was real .
Camerawoman Jean
Reed later stated that she did n’t believe it to be genuine until she saw Christine ’s body twitching on the floor .
1 Sharon Lopatka ( September 20 , 1961 – October 16 , 1996 )
Manner of death : Volunteered to be tortured and murdered
Sharon Lopatka was an internet entrepreneur and one sick puppy .
Living in Hampstead , Maryland , USA , Sharon was killed by Robert Frederick Glass in a case of consensual homicide .
While advertising unusual fetishist pornography on her web site , Sharon began her hunt for a partner willing to torture and kill her for their mutual sexual gratification .
After many false starts , of course most replies were not serious , she finally found Robert Glass ; more than willing to fulfill her fantasy .
They exchanged many messages , culminating in their meeting in North Carolina .
Glass tortured her for several days before strangling her with a nylon cord .
He was later convicted of voluntary manslaughter and possession of child pornography .
A red-faced Victoria University is distancing itself from a homoeopathy course offered through its continuing education programme .
" Homoeopathy : increasing your health awareness " will teach participants about the " internationally recognised , scientific medical system " in a one - off lecture .
The two - hour lecture , which is listed in the university 's online continuing education prospectus , is free but requires people to enrol before attending .
Homoeopathy is a branch of alternative medicine that treats patients with heavily diluted substances , often watered down to the point where no molecules of the active ingredient remain .
Medical practitioners and critics say homoeopathy has no basis in science , with multiple clinical trials showing its remedies are no more effective than placebos .
The lecture description claims " a substance which causes certain symptoms in a healthy person will cure these same symptoms in an unhealthy person if given in very small amounts " .
Art Buehler , the senior religious studies lecturer giving the talk , said he had been told by the university 's communications director not to comment .
However , Humanities Faculty pro-vice chancellor Professor Deborah Wills said the lecture was not an approved university course and Dr Buehler was offering it on a voluntary basis .
" The university accepts that the lecture should have been advertised with more careful wording . "
She did not explain who approved the lecture but said they were looking into the process and " reviewing whether the lecture will go ahead in its current form " .
Professor David Bibby , the pro-vice chancellor and dean of Faculty of Science , said the lecture had " absolutely no support " from his department and he was aware of complaints about it .
Professor Wills confirmed the university had received " a small number of queries " .
Lasy year , $ 13 million was cut from the country 's adult and continuing education budget , with the tertiary education minister , Anne Tolley , claiming the Government could not justify spending millions on " twilight golf , radio singalong and pet homoeopathy " .
CURE OR CON ?
Homeopathy is based on a " like cures like " principle .
Practitioners say substances that cause certain symptoms in a healthy person will cure a sick person with the same symptoms , if given in heavily diluted doses .
Homeopaths say the more diluted a remedy is , the more potent it is .
Many homeopathic remedies are water that practitioners claim has retained a " memory " of the substances it once contained .
Isolated studies have shown homeopathic remedies may have minor benefits but the vast majority of clinical trials show they have no greater effect than placebos .
Proponents have not been able to explain how the homeopathic mechanism works .
Earlier this year , Skeptics societies in Britain and Christchurch staged mass homeopathic " overdoses " to try to discredit homeopathy .
Peter Jackson in negotiations for ‘ The Hobbit ’
at 1:49 pm by - June 25 , 20101:49 pm by xoanon
In a bit of non-news - news , Deadline Hollywood ( and multiple other sites ) recently posted : Almost one month after Guillermo del Toro dropped out of directing The Hobbit , Lord of the Rings director Peter Jackson is in talks to helm the two films in the franchise .
Story developing …
me and we .
' Me ' and ' We ' .
They 're the same thing , just with a slightly different way of looking at it .
There 's always something to do , some way of helping further the Haiku Project ... though it 's not all glitz , glamor , and fame .
In fact , a good portion is , well , it 's tedious ; it 's boring ; it 's stuff we 'd rather not be doing .
For a volunteer based project such as ours , that can be a death sentence for those tasks .
So , hopefully these words will encourage you to see the usefulness of those tasks and enable you to find the motivation to contribute to them .
Sometimes , it 's easier to figure out what you want to be or do by crossing - off the bits that you know that you do n't want .
While this does n't outright give you an answer , it helps by trimming down the possibilities .
This makes the list more inviting to think about .
First , I 've made amends that being a C / C++ developer will not be on my list of abilities , at least not in the next year or two .
Sure , I can fix some typos and make other small changes to that code .
But my skills are nothing in comparison to our past and current Google Summer of Code students , let alone any of the other regular C/C++ contributors .
And that 's OK , as there 's other tasks that need to be done .
At one point the idea formed that by helping the developers with their non-coding tasks , they were reclaiming time and energy that could be used elsewhere .
This is still the keystone for my motivation -- keeping the developers free to write code , free to do tasks that I 'm not yet capable of , free to further the Project .
Reviewing and applying patches
This is a task that with some investment of time and energy , can repay itself in the form of fueling the motivation of new and interested developers .
By helping with this , you would be improving the Project 's reputation of managing and accepting patches .
In turn , this will encourage other newcomers to provide patches , with the reassurance that it 'll be looked at and hopefully used .
Maintaining tickets
Polling old tickets for a status update
Asking ticket reporters to include additional relevant details
Pointing out duplicate tickets
Our development tracker , dev.haiku-os.org is one of the key components to the project .
It informs people of problems and issues with the software , keeps track of what needs to be done , and many other things .
These tasks help to streamline the process , allowing things to move more smoothly .
Even people who are not committers can receive the permissions to manage tickets .
All that is needed is a familiarity with Trac and the willingness to learn some basics of the Project -- what information is needed for which type of bugs and which bugs belong to a certain component for example .
Documentation
Haiku Book / Code
Improving existing information
Pointing out outdated / incorrect text
Offering corrections
Where / How to submit it ? : open a new ticket on Trac or ship it to a mailing list
Here 's another way of looking at writing documentation ...
Knowledge is power .
Sharing that knowledge and making it easily accessible empowers you , the people seeking it , and other people who would normally need to spend the time to answer those questions .
In addition to this , since documentation is typically a weak point for F / OSS projects , you will help Haiku stand out as one of the groups with a good and useful level of documentation .
Improving websites
Plugins for Trac
PHP / JavaScript /etc ...
CSS tweaks
Suggestions for new project controlled websites
Creating themes for 3rd party sites
Offering improvements for project related sites
Websites are literally a portal for people to learn about us .
It can be the first impression for them .
For others , it 's a means of interacting with us , to find information , to communicate .
Report issues to the developer
... even if you heard it on IRC or a forum .
There 's two types of bugs that get fixed : ones that you make a patch for and ones that the developer is informed about .
And let 's admit it , there is little chance for any single person being able to test for , let alone find every bug in a program .
This is particularly true for locking , timing , and other race - condition bugs as certain hardware simply wo n't expose it .
Building , packaging , and testing software for Haiku
Offering to build and package the next release of some software is a great way to inspire developers .
It shows that there are people who use their software and are looking forward to the next release .
And surprisingly , this can be a task that de-motivates developers .
It takes time to prepare an archive for distribution and ensure that it'll work on other people 's installations .
Expressing sincere gratitude
It is truly amazing how even a few words can be gratifying and motivating .
These are tokens of appreciation are truly gems and can have a lasting effect .
In closing ...
Motivation is the life - force of volunteer based efforts .
Particularly ones like ours , where there is no corporate sponsorship , no government funding , no wealthy entrepreneur pouring funds into the project to make things happen .
Nearly every ounce of motivation comes from within .
It can be as simple as honestly asking yourself " Do I want to help this project " ?
Whenever that answer is ' yes ' , a seed is planted in yourself , an opportunity for growth , a chance to make a positive impact .
What you make of that and how you shape it is within your own hands .
Summary : iPad apps are much improved , but new usability problems have emerged , such as swipe ambiguity and navigation overload .
A year after our first usability study of iPad apps , it 's nice to see that iPad user interfaces have become decidedly less wacky .
It 's even better to see good uptake of several of our recommendations from last year , including apps with :
back buttons ,
broader use of search ,
homepages , and
direct access to articles by touching headlines on the front page .
Even so , this year 's testing still found many cases in which users accidentally touched something and could n't find their way back to their start point , as well as magazine apps that required multiple steps to access the table of contents .
One of the worst designs last year was USA Today 's section navigation , which required users to touch the newspaper logo despite the complete lack of any perceived affordance that the logo would have this effect .
During our new testing earlier this month , several users had the same problems as last year 's test participants , even though we recruited people with more iPad experience .
Happily , a few days after our test sessions , USA Today released a new version of their app , with somewhat improved navigation :
USA Today section navigation .
Left :
As tested a year ago and earlier this month .
Right :
The new design with an explicit Sections button .
One of our test users was a regular user of this app .
Although he said he 'd eventually discovered the section navigation on his own , during the test session he complained bitterly about how difficult it had been to find .
Users rarely remember the details of interaction design widgets , which is one of the key reasons that it 's better to watch users than to ask them about usability .
The fact that this user recalled his troubles months later is testament to how strikingly annoying the old navigation design was .
It 's also astonishing that it took a full year to get this usability flaw changed after we originally reported it .
User Research
Normally , it would n't be worth doing a new study this soon : usability guidelines change very slowly because they derive from human behavior , not technology .
However , in this case , it 's reasonable to conduct new research now , a year after the iPad launch .
Our original research necessarily tested users who had no prior experience using iPads .
A complete lack of experience is obviously not representative of typical tablet usability .
At this point , even first - time users of websites or apps will have visited many websites before on the iPad and will have used many apps before opening a new app for the first time .
For the new study , we recruited users with at least 2 months ' experience using their iPads .
Typically , we recruit people with at least a year 's experience .
However , because the iPad was released only slightly more than a year before our study , anybody with a full year 's experience would have been a very early adopter — and thus completely unrepresentative of mainstream users .
In any case , 2 months ' iPad use is definitely enough to learn the user interface conventions and to have racked up substantial time using touchscreen apps .
A second difference between the two studies is that we originally tested the launch applications that shipped at the same time as the iPad itself ; they were thus developed by teams working in isolation under Apple - imposed secrecy that prevented them from gaining user feedback .
In our first report , many of the bad designs we documented were due not to bad designers , but rather to the inevitable outcome of non-user - centered design projects .
In contrast , the apps and sites tested in the new study were designed by teams that benefited both from our original usability report and from whatever user feedback they 'd collected on their own during the past year .
In the new study , we systematically tested 26 iPad apps and 6 websites .
We also tested many other apps that our test participants had installed on their iPads , but these tests were less systematic , with typically only a single user per application .
In total , 16 iPad users participated in the new study .
Half were men , half were women .
The age distribution was fairly even for 14 users between the ages of 21 – 50 years ; we also had 2 users older than 50 .
Occupations spanned the gamut , from personal chef to realtor to vice president of human resources .
Our insights about iPad usability are further informed by findings from various client studies and by many aspects of last year 's original research , which continue to be relevant .
Replicated Findings
Many of last year 's usability findings were seen again this year :
Read–tap asymmetry for websites , with content that was large enough to read but too small to tap .
We did see some examples across a few websites that were designed to work well on tablets , with bigger touchable areas .
For example , Virgin America 's reservation page let users touch anywhere in the entire table cell containing a desired departure , as opposed to having to touch the much smaller area represented by the radio button ( or even its label ) .
for websites , with content that was large enough to read but too small to tap .
We did see some examples across a few websites that were designed to work well on tablets , with bigger touchable areas .
For example , Virgin America 's reservation page let users touch anywhere in the entire table cell containing a desired departure , as opposed to having to touch the much smaller area represented by the radio button ( or even its label ) .
Websites worked fairly well in the standard iPad browser as long as users did n't have complex tasks ; focusing on reading and looking at pictures or video was relatively easy .
( If your service requires substantial interaction , consider an app instead of a site . )
in the standard iPad browser as long as users did n't have complex tasks ; focusing on reading and looking at pictures or video was relatively easy .
( If your service requires substantial interaction , consider an app instead of a site . )
Touchable areas were too small in many apps , as well as too close together , increasing the risk of touching the wrong one .
in many apps , as well as too close together , increasing the risk of touching the wrong one .
Accidental activation due to unintended touches again caused trouble , particularly in apps lacking a Back button .
due to unintended touches again caused trouble , particularly in apps lacking a Back button .
Low discoverability , with active areas that did n't look touchable .
, with active areas that did n't look touchable .
Users disliked typing on the touchscreen and thus avoided the registration process .
Last year 's main finding was not a big issue this year : users were n't as tormented by widely diverging user interfaces .
Apps have become more consistent and standardized , making them easier to use .
New Findings
I thought I 'd driven a stake through splash screens many years ago and eradicated them from the Web , but apparently splash screens are super - vampires that can haunt users from beyond the grave .
Several new iPad apps have long introductory segments that might be entertaining the first time , but soon wear out their welcome .
Bad on sites , bad in apps .
Don't .
Swipe ambiguity plagued users when multiple items on the same screen could be swiped .
Carousels often caused this usability problem in apps that also relied on swiping to move between pages .
Many users could n't turn the page because they swiped in the wrong spot .
Their typical conclusion ?
The app is broken .
Many apps squeezed information into too - small areas , making it harder to recognize and manipulate .
In a related problem , apps featured too much navigation .
This design problem was so prevalent that it deserves its own acronym : TMN .
While it 's true that our training course on navigation design covers 25 different navigation techniques , any given user interface should contain only a few .
These two problems interact , because a larger number of navigation options gives each one less space .
One example of excess navigation is the content popovers that many apps use to display thumbnails of available articles .
Sometimes the popovers appear as menus or carousels , and sometimes they work by scrubbing a slider .
Whatever the implementation , these long lists of thumbnails had lower usability than homepage - like tables of contents , which users could return to when they wanted to navigate to different locations rather than simply continuing with the next article .
Tablets Are Shared Devices
Except for people who lived alone , our study participants uniformly reported sharing their iPads with other family members .
When we asked them to walk us through the apps on their tablet , people frequently came across apps that someone else in their family had installed .
The iPad 's shared nature contrasts with the much more personal nature of mobile phones , which are typically owned and used by single individuals .
Obviously , tablets might become truly personal devices in the future as competition drives down the prices .
But for now , you should assume that you 're designing for a multi-user device .
For example , users might be reluctant to stay permanently signed in on an app , and they 'll still forget their passwords .
It 's also important to design recognizable application icons so they 'll stand out in the crowded listings of several users ' apps .
What Are iPads Used For ?
The most common uses reported by our participants were playing games , checking email and social networking sites , watching videos / movies , and reading news .
People also browsed the Web and performed some shopping - related research .
But most users felt that it was easier to shop on their desktop computers .
Some also worried about the security of e-commerce purchases on the iPad .
A common characteristic of all this iPad use is that it 's heavily dominated by media consumption , except for the small amount of production involved in responding to emails .
About half the users carried the iPad with them frequently ; the other half used it mainly at home or on longer trips .
We 've come far in just a year .
iPad usability is much improved , and people habitually use many apps .
As always , this is no reason to relax our vigilance ; new usability problems have appeared and the old ones have n't been totally vanquished .
Mainly , though , the future is bright for touch - driven tablet user experience .
Full Research Report : Free Download
The full report from our updated iPad usability testing is available for download ( free ) , as is the original research report ( same link for both downloads ) .
Alan sez , " In Canada you 're not required to show ID .
Except if you 're in the ' G20 Zone ' .
You see , the law allows an exemption to the ' show ID ' principle for public works .
These are usually things like power stations , dams , etc .
Well , the government got clever and just declared the entire area a ' public work ' so police can go around demanding ID .
The best part of this ?
The law that made this happen wo n't even be PUBLISHED until after the G20 is over .
So nobody knew about it until the cops arrested someone . "
And the guy they arrested ?
They put him in a cage .
Vasey was arrested Thursday afternoon while exploring the G20 perimeter with his friend , Cameron Fenton .
He said they were just " walking around " when they were stopped by police at York St. and Bremner Blvd .
" The officer told me , ' I am going to have to place you under arrest if you do n't show your identification , ' and I replied ' I 'm not comfortable with that . ' "
Vasey said he had been provided with legal information prior to the G20 from the Toronto Community Mobilization Network , an umbrella group supporting thousands of protesters descending on the city .
Man arrested and left in wire cage under new G20 law
( Thanks , Alan ! )
# 15 Central European Media Enterprises ( CETV )
Market cap : $ 1.5 billion
Bankruptcy probability : 0.8 %
A major European media provider ( based in Bermuda ) reported disappointing Q1 earnings of $ 800,000 , while analysts were expecting $ 16 - million .
The company attributed the figure to a poor ad market , but it's hard to take seriously the statement of a company that was named one of the least transparent by Corporate Responsibility Magazine .
CME clearly lost money in its $ 400 - million February purchase of a Bulgarian channel .
CME is 31 % owned by Time Warner .
One of CME 's properties , TV Nova , features a late - night weather service in which the weather girl wears ( or does n't ) clothes in relation to the forecast .
We 're not sure how that 's losing money .
Bankruptcy odds come from Audit Integrity in mid-May .
We learned something important at Wednesday 's Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission : the power of the duopoly privilege enjoyed by Moody ’s and Standard & Poor ’s is what drew Warren Buffett to make his Berkshire Hathaway the biggest shareholder in Moody’s .
And what ’s more : Buffett profits when the coddled nature of the duopoly encourages Moody ’s or S&P to make mistakes when rating bonds .
In his testimony to the Commission , Buffett cited the “ pricing power ” that Moody ’s enjoyed thanks to its duopoly status as what made the company ’s stock an attractive investment .
“ The long term value was ... the duopoly ... incredible pricing power , " Buffett said .
In an earlier interview with Becky Quick , Buffett explained how this pricing power came about .
“ They got enshrined into various regulations .
We have a life insurance company .
It tells us what we can do in terms of BBB or in terms of A and all of that sort of thing , " said Buffett .
So state after state has regulations relating to insurance companies that ties in with the rating agencies .
And the agencies are specified .
And so I can't go to the XYZ rating agency and say , ‘ Will you do this for half the price , ’ and have it accepted by anybody , ” Buffett said .
Buffett called the creation of the duopoly a “ natural evolution ” in his testimony .
But that is only accurate if you consider government regulations — from state insurance rules to the SEC ’s designation of only a handful of companies as acceptable ratings agencies — to be a natural phenomenon .
More precisely , it was a political or bureaucratic phenomenon — the outcome of decisions regulators who may or may not have understood that they were creating barriers to entry for credit ratings .
I sure understand why people feel powerless and angry about the vast forces that control our lives and over which we seem to have only fitful control - big government and big business .
But it seems to me vital to keep our heads and remain focused on what substantively can be done to address real problems , and judge Obama on those terms .
When you do , you realize that the left 's " disgruntleist " faction needs to take a chill pill .
Take Iran .
Everyone - part from still - delusional neocons - accepts that this is a hugely difficult issue .
To read the neocon right , you 'd think all our problems would be solved by the president declaring the regime " evil " and launching military strikes all over the country .
Sound familiar ?
In the real world , most of us understand that the military option is madness , that the machinery of repression is strong enough for the coup regime to survive - but only just .
Since Obama was elected , the legitimacy of the Tehran regime has been shredded - and I 'd argue that removing America from the equation helped Iran 's opposition , rather than stymying it .
Most of us knew , moreover , that Russia and China would oppose any and all sanctions .
But in fact , after a painstaking process in which Khamenei and Ahmadinejad have been successfully cornered in world opinion as the transgressors , sanctions , with Russia 's and China 's support , have passed the UN Security Council .
More focused sanctions are in force against the financial interests of the Revolutionary Guards , and will soon come from the US Congress and European capitals .
The price of Ahmadi's paranoia will be high , which may explain his recent fulminations .
Will this pragmatic step resolve the situation immediately ?
Of course not .
Does it make a lot of pragmatic sense ?
Yes it does .
Is it the best we can truly do ?
I suspect so .
In other words : Obama and Clinton got difficult shit done .
I think part of the message of " Goodbye To All That " as a core rationale for the Obama presidency is acknowledging when a president does difficult , messy but necessary things .
My own provisional judgment is the same on the economy , where Obama 's actions helped prevent what could have been a Second Great Depression .
Historians will fight over this , but it seems pretty clear to me right now that Obama picked most of the least worst options and is prepared , unlike the GOP , to speak honestly about the deficit in the next two years .
In the bank bailouts ( much more successful than we first thought ) , the stimulus ( still working ) , the health insurance reform ( a real start on a deep and vexing problem across the developed world ) , and even the swarm of issues around Gitmo ( torture has ended , while necessary , lawful military detentions and renditions continue ) , you see the same pattern of emotionally unsatisfying but structurally deep changes in the orientation of the ship of state .
This is very gradual change we can believe in .
A small DIY , low - buck grassroots motorcycle racing team wants to make a run at the TTXGP electric motorcycle championship but needs help to get there .
Jennifer Bromme and the crew at Werkstatt Motorcycles – a small San Francisco shop founded and run by women – is scrambling to raise the cash to get a Mavizen TTX02 electric superbike to the states in time for the TTXGP California race at Infineon Raceway .
It 's a long shot , because they 're well short of the $ 21,000 they need .
But they are n't giving up because they 're committed to seeing electric motorcycling succeed in the States .
That 's where you come in .
You could get a chance to ride the bike of the future .
Bromme hopes her fellow riders , EV advocates and anyone interested in cool technology , motorcycle racing or just helping people achieve a goal will donate money .
" I know $ 21,000 sounds like a lot of money , " Bromme told us .
" But if 210 people donate $ 100 each , it 's not such a big number . "
The Werkstatt team is not a school of squids .
They know how to ride , they know how to wrench and they know how to race .
Bromme has been riding for 22 years , and she opened Werkstatt 16 years ago .
She 's raced 750 superbikes and motorcycle sidecars , and she currently races a vintage Honda CB160 .
" I 'm perfect for the Mavizen because I 'm really good at having to maintain my cornering speed on a bike with low power from racing the CB160 , " she said with a laugh .
The Mavizen sports a pair of Agni 95 motors for a total of about 60 horsepower continuous and 97 horsepower peak .
She 's got a solid crew backing her up .
Carolyn Coquillette owns Luscious Garage , a San Francisco shop specializing in hybrid repair and plug - in hybrid conversions .
Anton Bertraux is " a mechanical wizard " handling the wrenching duties .
And Twitter 's Jeremy LaTrasse is onboard as well .
Bromme 's first goal is to help electric motorcycling gain a foothold in the states .
Although she loves her vintage Rickman and that old CB160 , she 's convinced the future of the sport is electric .
" It 's pioneering , " she said .
" It 's very exciting to be part of something new . "
But she 's more than an altruist looking to usher in a new era .
She 's out to win , and if she gets a look at the grid and thinks she 's outgunned , she knows a lot of seasoned American Motorcyclist Association racers who 'll be happy to take over riding duties .
Bromme had hoped to build an electric bike of her own but ran short of time , so she 's worked out a deal with Mavizen to rent a TTX02 for the season .
She needs $ 21,000 to cover rental for the season , shipping the bike to California from England and getting on the racing grid for the first race May 14 to 16 .
If the team makes a good showing at Infineon , Bromme is confident it can get the support needed to compete in the rest of the American electric grand prix series and vie for a spot on the grid at the world championship race in Spain .
Time is running short , because Bromme 's got until Friday Sunday to show she can raise the money .
To encourage people to chip in , Bromme says anyone who donates $ 500 or more gets to ride the Mavizen .
Once the bike arrives in the states and people see it , she 's confident the team will line up more donations , if not a sponsorship .
" Once we get the bike here and people can touch it and sit on it , " she said , " we can build some real excitement . "
Click here to donate .
UPDATE 11:15 p.m. Eastern April 22 : We 've just received word that the deadline has been extended until Sunday .
UPDATE 8 p.m. Eastern April 26 : Jennifer tells us Mavizen has agreed to send the bike even though the team is still short of its goal , but it still has to come up with the money .
UPDATE 3:30 p.m. Eastern May 6 : The team 's new goal is $ 10,000 .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
There is an LA AREA no -kill animal shelter that is getting shut down for having too many dogs .
They are relocating to a facility that can accept all of them in two weeks , but until then , the dogs need another place to stay or they will be put down on Tuesday morning .
( this only gives us 24 hours )
If you can foster a dog just for two weeks , please call Andrea ( the owner of the shelter ) at 310-743-5612 .
ps .
Do not just “ LIKE ” this post .
That does n’t do these buddies any good .
REBLOG IT .
SPREAD THE WORD .
Music industry fluff and Hollywood dreck are one thing , but do n’t you dare touch my mobile phone …
Even though my diatribe against carrier contracts remains one of the most popular all - time posts on my previous blog , so many Canadians still shy away from paying the full unsubsidized price for a handset , not realizing the freedom they ’re giving up in doing so .
I ’m heartened by Industry Minister Tony Clement ’s invitation to tweet feedback and questions regarding Canada ’s latest proposed DMCA Copyright Bill .
In regards to mobile phones there ’s been word that off - contract carrier - branded units might be subject to mandatory unlocking , but nothing on legally - purchased handsets that were never locked in the first place .
I ’m sure the incumbent carriers in this country would be absolutely thrilled to have the sale of unlocked , imported mobile phones made illegal here — not only are they currently exempt from import duties , they provide Canadians with an alternative to the three - year contracts that have now become the de facto standard .
If you care about such things ( and you really should ) , please retweet the question posed above to Minister Clement and make sure it gets answered .
Nothing beats the sidelines sometimes …
All of these crashes were filmed by spectators ; ballsy spectators at that .
Keeping the film rolling while a 200 mph gasoline bomb careens towards you , we can agree , is n’t a skill possessed by most .
Now , who says being a spectator is n’t a sport ?
Sport and Motor Tagged : crash motorsport sideline spectator wreck
Jibran turned in some questionable programming code when he was a student in college .
Then again , who did n't ?
It 's a student 's sacred right to drive instructors to drink .
There are no WTFs in student code ; everyone has to learn sometime .
Unfortunately , Dr. Talbot 's 100 - level Java class focused more on providing barriers to learning .
Talbot 's voice had a nasal drone that would make bagpipes cringe but was so monotonous it could put an elephant under .
Nor did he have any ability to organize a classroom session ; he delivered material in a haphazard ramble that only covered half of the the outline .
Jibran generally dozed through the session , and if he was lucky , woke up before it ended and caught the day 's assignment .
During the requisite dice - roller discussion , Dr. Talbot managed to shake Jibran out of his stupor .
Up on the projector glowed this example of how to generate a random number :
Random rand = new Random ( ) ;
int n = rand.nextInt ( ) % 10 + 0 ;
" Why is there a ' plus zero ' at the end of that ? " Jibran asked .
" That 's just how Java requires you to do it , " Talbot explained , as if this were obvious to anyone with his level of experience .
" You need that zero so that the computer actually understands that you want a random number . "
During the lab session , Jibran wrote the same program , sans the plus zero .
He called Dr. Talbot over to look at it .
" Look , it compiles and runs .
You do n't need the plus zero . "
Dr. Talbot looked at the code , with a puzzled expression .
" That 's amazing , " he said , surprised .
Jibran smiled , satisfied that his instructor was going to admit his mistake .
" There must be a short circuit inside the computer that 's causing the Java compiler to accept your version of my random number code ! "
Nearly eight weeks after an oil rig explosion in the Gulf of Mexico launched the worst environmental disaster in US history , President Obama is still calibrating his response .
The president now says he ’s trying to figure out “ whose a** to kick ” for the BP oil spill , after weeks of criticism for not appearing angry enough over the mess .
Next Monday and Tuesday , President Obama will return to the Gulf to survey disaster response and meet with residents and officials in Mississippi , Alabama , and Florida , his second visit in a little over a week and fourth overall since the spill began .
And on Wednesday , the White House will receive senior BP executives for a meeting , at the administration ’s request , after previously defending Obama ’s decision not to speak directly with BP CEO Tony Hayward .
It ’s not clear if Mr. Hayward himself will attend the meeting .
IN PICTURES : The Gulf oil spill 's impact on nature
All these moves suggest an improvisational tone to the White House response ; critics call it slow and reactive .
But given the magnitude of the disaster – and the continuing upward estimates of the oil flow into the Gulf – that may have been inevitable .
“ Almost no one believed in the first days after the explosion that we would be two months into this thing with marginal control over the wellhead , ” says Cal Jillson , a political scientist at Southern Methodist University in Dallas .
“ They recognized that it was a big deal to which they had to respond early , but they did it in a technocratic way , really , for the month , five or six weeks , even . ”
It is Obama ’s wont to approach a problem methodically , to devise a strategy and then execute it .
But as time went on , and popular reaction heightened , the White House clearly decided that Obama needed to step up his public strategy .
Coast Guard Adm .
Thad Allen ’s assignment as national incident commander has also heightened the sense of “ adult supervision ” over the federal government ’s response to the spill .
“ It may not change the trajectory of this a great deal , but you want to know that a guy like Thad Allen rather than some of the White House crew is actually calling the day to day shots , ” says Mr. Jillson .
“ I think that gave [ Obama ] a little bit more time . ”
The federal government is still getting better grades than BP for its response to the spill – but it ’s all shades of negative .
Some 81 percent of Americans rate BP ’s response negatively , according to an ABC News / Washington Post poll released June 7 .
The federal government gets a 69 percent negative rating , a month and a half after the spill began .
That ’s worse than the 62 percent negative rating the federal government got two weeks after hurricane Katrina in August 2005 , per ABC News .
Obama ’s pressure on BP to defer its quarterly dividend to shareholders appeared to bear fruit , as the online edition of the Times of London reported Friday that BP will defer a payment of $ 2.5 billion in second - quarter dividends until it has determined its full liability from the Gulf disaster .
The dividend money is to be put in escrow in the meantime , the Times reported , citing unnamed sources .
BP officials have not publicly confirmed the report .
Obama is scheduled to speak with the new British Prime Minister , David Cameron , on Saturday , amid British concerns that Obama ’s tough talk is hurting BP ’s financial stability .
On Monday , the board of BP meets to discuss whether to suspend or reduce its scheduled dividend .
IN PICTURES : The Gulf oil spill 's impact on nature
Related :
New BP oil spill flow estimates : 20,000 to 40,000 barrels per day
Why BP wants to stop the Gulf oil spill as much as Obama
Obama moves to take political control of BP Gulf oil spill
For nearly 80 years , one of the world 's finest collections of rare plants was " lost " , hidden behind the walls of an immense garden whose existence had been forgotten .
Then , a mere decade and a half after they were rediscovered , it appeared that the 70 camellias and 350 rhododendrons growing in the Lost Gardens of Heligan , in Cornwall , were to be lost again – this time , irretrievably .
Four years ago , the plants , all more than 90 years old , and probably dating back to the middle of the 19th century when they were gathered by Victorian plant hunters , were given a death sentence by the Department for the Environment , Food and Rural Affairs ( Defra ) after contracting a lethal fungal disease called sudden oak death .
Staff at Heligan watched in despair as the mature rhododendrons were left dead or dying .
Defra ordered every rhododendron in the lost gardens to be destroyed , but there are specimens unique to Heligan which , if lost , could never be replaced .
Three of the plants attacked by the fungus died , but in a landmark project at Duchy College , North Cornwall , researchers cloned four others , creating disease - free plants which are being replanted in Heligan .
Specimens are going on sale in the Heligan plant centre , so that the rhododendrons can be grown outside Cornwall for the first time .
This is a precaution , because the Heligan site is still infected and the new plants may one day be destroyed by the fungus .
The disease was first observed in the 1990s when it took a grip on the wild oak population of California , where the climate is similar to Cornwall's .
" It 's very exciting to be able to use science and horticulture in such a pioneering way to save these remarkable and beautiful plants that have such rich heritage , " said Ros Smith , Duchy College 's micro-propagation project manager .
" In micro-propagation we take a clean part of the infected plant .
The material is then taken into the lab and placed in pots of jelly containing chemicals and nutrients , which produce new shoots .
We are in fact cloning the plant . "
Peter Stafford , Heligan 's managing director , described the breakthrough as " a fine example of the kind of pioneering work with nature we excel at in the Lost Gardens of Heligan " .
Heligan 's 80 acres of walled pleasure gardens date back to when the Tremayne family were the local squires .
The shape of the garden was designed at the end of the 18th century , and the collection of plants was built over several generations .
One of the biggest contributors of rhododendron seeds was a collector named Joseph Dalton Hooker who spent the years from 1848 to 1850 travelling around Darjeeling , and making three excursions into the remote area of Sikkim in search of rhododendrons and other new plants .
In 1914 , all 22 of the male staff signed up with the Duke of Cornwall 's Light Infantry and went off to a war from which only six returned .
The house was taken over by the War Office .
It was returned to the family after the war , but they rented it out to tenants who could not afford the upkeep of the gardens , which were left to grow wild behind their high walls .
In 1990 , John Willis , a member of the Tremayne family , who had inherited the gardens , had a chance meeting with Tim Smit , a Dutch - born businessman and record producer , and his colleague , John Nelson .
They hacked their way into the gardens with machetes and uncovered a botanical wonderland , which they then developed as a tourist attraction .
BOTANICAL CLASSIFICATION
Family : Mesembryanthemaceae
Genus : Sceletium ( Mesembryanthemum )
Species : emarcidum ; tortuosum
COMMON NAMES
Kanna ; Canna ; Channa ; Kaugoed
EFFECTS CLASSIFICATION
Inebriating Sedative
DESCRIPTION
Sceletium tortuosum is a succulent groundcover which produces showy white flowers with threadlike petals .
Its fermented roots and leaves were chewed by the Khoisan of S. Africa as a vision - inducing entheogen and inebriant .
The plant contains mesembrine , though the pharmacology of kanna is not fully understood .
BP Chairman Carl - Henric Svanberg speaks to the media after a meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama at the White House in Washington , June 16 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Jim Young
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - BP Chairman Carl - Henric Svanberg on Tuesday apologized for speaking “ clumsily ” by referring to those hurt by his company ’s oil spill as “ small people . ”
“ I spoke clumsily this afternoon and for that I am very sorry , ” Svanberg said in a statement , after remarks he made following a White House meeting with President Barack Obama earlier on Wednesday drew widespread ridicule and condemnation .
“ What I was trying to say -- that BP understands how deeply this affects the lives of people who live along the Gulf and depend on it for their livelihood -- will best be conveyed not by any words but by the work we do to put things right for the families and businesses who ’ve been hurt , ” Svanberg said .
After meeting Obama , the BP executive , who is Swedish , apologized for the oil spill and tried to convey his concern for those affected by the environmental disaster .
This post is partly a ( two month late ) response to Chris Hecker ’s GDC 2010 rant entitled Please Finish Your Game .
It also condenses some rough thoughts I ’ve long held about motivation and game making .
It took some effort to edit it into a coherent form , so I apologize in advance if it ’s a tad rambling .
In his rant , Chris expresses concern about the fixation on short development time .
He worries that rapid - fire game releases ( exemplified by Jonatan “ Cactusquid ” Söderström ) have become a “ badge of honour ” in the indie game community .
This attitude is mirrored in the industry , where ship dates often trump quality .
Chris asserts that , in terms of contribution to games as an art form , Braid is worth more than 100 game jam games because it explored its mechanics to the depth that they deserved .
“ We need more depth and understanding ” , he says .
“ We do n’t need more wacky ideas or shallow games . ”
I have great respect for Chris ( I loved his talk at MIGS 2009 ) and thus am cautious about disagreeing with him .
However , I believe his argument overlooks the real value of rapid development and its place in the creative ecosystem1 .
I think that it ’s misleading to compare a masterpiece like Braid with the multitudes of forgettable unpolished jam games .
The final product is n’t the point ; the value of a game jam lies in the process of creation .
Specifically , game jams provide tools that enable amateur game designers to experiment , learn and grow .
Anecdotal evidence suggest that there are a great many people who are interested in making games , but have never done so .
I suspect this is largely due to the fact that to start making games , you have to make your first game .
There ’s tremendous symbolic and psychological value to doing something for the first time , especially if it ’s something you ’re passionate about .
As Havi Brooks explains , doing what you love can be terrifying :
You ’re avoiding the thing that ’s holding all your dreams ?
Good grief !
Of course you are !
That symbolic weight ?
It ’s that much potential for hurt and disappointment . [ … ]
It ’s not this : “ Even though I thought this meant everything to me , I ’m still avoiding it so clearly I do n’t really care about it . ”
It ’s this : “ Wow , this means everything to me … so of course I ’m avoiding it . ”
Game jams provide tools to help overcome this pressure .
For instance , they establish a well - defined start and end date for the project .
They provide a theme to riff off .
Fellow jammers can provide assistance and feedback .
Finally , knowing that you ’ll release a game concurrently with dozens of others reduces its symbolic value .
Simply put , game jams provide a friendly supportive atmosphere for newcomers .
Those who do take the leap and make their first game quickly run into another problem : they do n’t like what they ’re making .
After all , if you care about games enough to try your hand at making one , then your taste in games is likely quite advanced .
You ’re perceptive enough to know that what you ’re making is n’t very good .
Ira Glass explains why this is problematic : “ Your taste is good enough that you can tell that what you ’re making is kind of a disappointment to you . [… ]
A lot of people never get past that phase . ”
Fortunately , he also presents a method of getting past this roadblock : “ The most important possible thing you could do is do a lot of work .
Do a huge volume of work .
Put yourself on a deadline so that every week or every month you know you ’re going to finish one [ game ] . ”
In other words , do exactly what people like Cactusquid and the Experimental Gameplay Project are already doing !
Experiment with weird genres , unusual aesthetics and unfamiliar technologies .
Create exactly the kind of unfinished shallow games that Chris Hecker is warning us against .
Why ?
Because nobody can create a masterpiece without first making a hundred crude sketches .
In a general sense , I worry that the burden of having to develop mechanics deeply will dissuade people from making games .
If it is “ our duty as developers to follow a mechanic to its logical and aesthetic extent ” , then the inverse is also true ; we should not make a game if we cannot give its mechanics their due diligence .
This encourages designers to hold onto their ideas , waiting until they have the time to execute them with the appropriate fidelity .
To quote Ze Frank : “ If you do n’t want to run out of ideas , the best thing to do is not to execute them .
You can tell yourself that you do n’t have the time or resources to do them right .
Then they stay around in your head like brain crack . ”
This attitude is anathema to amateur game development .
It ’s better to get those ideas out there , even if they ’re flawed and incomplete !
If we embrace this sort of flawed rapid development , do we then disregard the notion of exploring mechanics to the depth that they deserve ?
I do n’t believe we have to .
As Cactus observed in an e-mail discussion with Chris , “ it ’s hard to decide if the game you ’re working on really deserves that much hard work or not . ”
Creating these crude unfinished games is a form of prototyping ; ideas that seem promising can be developed further2 .
Chris himself did this with Spy Party :
SpyParty was actually an idea from Indie Game Jam 4 that I did n’t quite get working at the jam , but that I felt was strong enough to spend ( a lot ) more time on .
In conclusion , while I appreciate that “ the good - enough is the enemy of the excellent ” , I think the onus of developing mechanics fully is detrimental to amateur game development .
Creating wacky , shallow games plays a valuable part in building up new developers .
Attracting fresh voices and perspectives is the surest route to expanding games as an art form and creating more masterpieces like Braid .
Do n’t worry too much about greatness , just get excited and make things !
Source : Green Left Weekly
How do wars begin ?
With a “ master illusion ” , according to Ralph McGehee , one of the CIA ’s pioneers in “ black propaganda ” , known today as “ news management ” .
In 1983 , he described to me how the CIA had faked an “ incident ” that became the “ conclusive proof of North Vietnam ’s aggression ” .
This followed a claim , also fake , that North Vietnamese torpedo boats had attacked a US warship in the Gulf of Tonkin in August 1964 .
“ The CIA ” , he said , “ loaded up a junk , a North Vietnamese junk , with communist weapons — the Agency maintains communist arsenals in the United States and around the world .
“ They floated this junk off the coast of central Vietnam .
Then they shot it up and made it look like a fire fight had taken place , and they brought in the American press .
“ Based on this evidence , two Marine landing teams went into Danang and a week after that the American air force began regular bombing of North Vietnam . ”
An invasion that took 3 million lives was under way .
The Israelis have played this murderous game since 1948 .
The massacre of peace activists in international waters on May 31 was “ spun ” to the Israeli public , preparing them for yet more murder by their government , with the unarmed flotilla of humanitarians described as terrorists or dupes of terrorists .
The BBC was so intimidated that it reported the atrocity primarily as a “ potential public relations disaster for Israel ” — the perspective of the killers , and a disgrace for journalism .
A similar master illusion currently preoccupies Asian governments .
On May 20 , South Korea announced that it had “ overwhelming evidence ” that one of its warships , the Cheonan , had been sunk by a torpedo fired by a North Korean submarine in March with the loss of 46 sailors .
The United States maintains 28,000 troops in South Korea , where popular sentiment has long backed a detente with Pyongyang .
On May 26 , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton flew to Seoul and demanded that the “ international community must respond ” to “ North Korea ’s outrage ” .
She flew on to Japan , where the new “ threat ” from North Korea conveniently eclipsed the briefly independent foreign policy of Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama , elected last year with popular opposition to the US ’s permanent military occupation of Japan .
The “ overwhelming evidence ” is a torpedo propeller that “ had been corroding at least for several months ” , reported the Korea Times .
In April , the director of South Korea ’s national intelligence , Won See-hoon , told a parliamentary committee that there was no evidence linking the sinking of the Cheonan to North Korea .
The defence minister agreed .
The head of South Korea ’s military marine operations said , “ No North Korean warships have been detected [ in ] the waters where the accident took place . ”
The reference to “ accident ” suggests the warship struck a reef and broke in two .
To the US media , North Korea ’s guilt is beyond doubt , just as North Vietnam ’s guilt was beyond doubt , just as Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction , just as Israel can terrorise with impunity .
However , unlike Vietnam and Iraq , North Korea has nuclear weapons , which helps explain why it has not been attacked , not yet : a salutary lesson to other countries , such as Iran , currently in the crosshairs .
In Britain , we have our own master illusions .
Imagine someone on state benefits caught claiming £ 40,000 of taxpayers ’ money in a second home scam .
A prison sentence would almost certainly follow .
David Laws , chief secretary to the Treasury , does the same and is described as follows : “ I have always admired his intelligence , his sense of public duty and his personal integrity ” , ( Nick Clegg , deputy prime minister ) .
“ You are a good and honourable man .
I am sure that throughout you have been motivated by wanting to protect your privacy rather than anything else . ” ( David Cameron , prime minister ) .
Laws is “ a man of quite exceptional nobility ” ( Julian Glover , the Guardian ) .
A “ brilliant mind ” ( BBC ) .
The Oxbridge club and its associate members in politics and the media have tried to link Laws ’s “ error of judgement ” and “ naivety ” to his “ right to privacy ” as a gay man , an irrelevance .
The “ brilliant mind ” is a wealthy Cambridge - groomed investment banker and gilts trader devoted to the noble task of cutting the public services of mostly poor and honest people .
Now imagine another public official , the force behind one of the great war criminals and liars .
This official “ spun ” the illegal invasion of a defenceless country that resulted in the deaths of at least a million people and the dispossession of many more : in effect , the crushing of a human society .
If this was the Balkans or Africa , he would very likely have been indicted by the International Criminal Court .
But crime pays for the clubbable .
In quick step with the Laws affair , this truth was demonstrated by the continuing celebration of Alastair Campbell , former press secretary to former prime minister Tony Blair .
Campbell ’s frequent media appearances provide a vicarious thrill for the liberal intelligentsia .
To the British Guardian , Campbell is “ bullish , sometimes misdirected , but unafraid to press on where others might have faltered ” .
The Guardian ’s immediate interest is its “ exclusive ” publication of Campbell ’s “ politically explosive ” and “ uncut ” diaries .
Here is a flavour : “ Saturday 14 May .
I called Peter [ Mandelson ] and asked why he did n’t return my calls yesterday .
‘ You know why . ’
‘ No , I do n’t . ’
He said he was incandescent at my Newsnight interview … ’ ”
In a promotional interview with the Guardian , Campbell dispensed more of this dated incest , referring just once to the bloodbath for which he was a principal apologist .
“ Did Iraq lose us support in 2005 ? ” he asked rhetorically .
“ Without a doubt … ”
Thus , a criminal tragedy equal in scale to the Rwandan genocide was dismissed as a “ loss ” for New Labour : a master illusion of notable profanity .
[ Reprinted from Johnpilger.com . ]
I 'm not sure if this is a bug or some sort of change , but when I engrave walls and floors they are now showing up as a square tile with an image of something ( A tree , a shrub , a little mechanism etc ) instead of showing the engraved wall tile that showed up in 0.31.03
Responding to reports that BP was restricting media access to public beaches and other areas affected by the Gulf oil spill , BP Chief Operating Officer Doug Suttles said in a statement on June 9th : " BP has not and will not prevent anyone working in the the cleanup operations from sharing his or her own experiences and opinions . "
Two days later , a New Orleans - based TV News reporter tried to interview some clean - up workers on a public beach .
Watch the infuriating video :
At today 's congressional hearings with oil executives , Rep. Anthony Weiner cited that video as just one example of many incidents of BP 's stupid attempts to censor the catastrophe .
" I do n't understand on any level why you guys should be in charge of anything , " said Weiner .
" Why should there be any decision - making ability on your part at all here ?
And that 's one thing my Republican friends , who want to criticize the administration for not doing enough , maybe we agree .
Maybe we do need to have BP involved in a heckuva lot less .
Anything to do with our environment , anything to do with our citizens , going forward . "
Yesterday , the congressional committee released documents revealing that days before the rig explosion , BP engineer Brian Morel referred to it as a " nightmare rig . "
And today Rep. Edward J. Markey excoriated big oil executives for relying on essentially identical — and demonstrably inadequate — spill response plans .
" The plans cite identical response capabilities and tout identical ineffective equipment , " said Markey .
" In some cases , they use the exact same words .
Three other companies include references to protecting walruses , which have not called the Gulf of Mexico home for three million years .
Two other plans are such dead ringers for BP ’s that they list a phone number for the same long - dead expert . "
And in another galling article published today , the Times reports that BP 's contigency plans " do consider an uncontrolled blowout , one that releases 240,000 barrels a day into the gulf for at least 100 days — far worse than the current spill .
In the event of such an enormous spill , according to these plans , ' no significant adverse impacts are expected ' to beaches , wetlands or coast - dwelling birds . "
The plan was " fully approved " by the Minerals Management Service .
Today BP stopped collecting oil from the blown - out well because the ship was struck by lightning and caught on fire .
Tonight at 8 p.m. EST , President Obama will deliver his first Oval Office address to the nation on the topic of the Gulf oil spill .
( You can also watch it live on the White House YouTube channel . )
Starting 5 minutes after the remarks , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs will answer your questions .
Starting now , you can submit questions about the disaster via Google Moderator , and vote the best ones to the top .
" Dick from Povertyland " already wants to know if the spill " can cause martial law and fema evacuations . "
foursome news
PwnageTool 4.0 Release Info
PwnageTool 4.01 Release Info ( UPDATED TO V 4.01 )
On Monday , Apple released firmware 4.0 for the iPhone and iPod touch devices .
This of course was a major upgrade .
As advised , you should n’t have upgraded your devices if you have previously relied on our tools for hacktivation and / or a carrier unlock .
With that said , today we are releasing PwnageTool 4.0 PwnageTool 4.01
PLEASE READ THIS ENTIRE POST CAREFULLY , THERE ARE KNOWN UPGRADE TRAPS AND DIFFERENT UPGRADE SCENARIOS THAT NEED TO BE FULLY UNDERSTOOD AND CONSIDERED BEFORE USING THESE TOOLS .
Each supported device has few different scenarios that users need to consider when performing the upgrades , you need to check below and perform the upgrade in the particular way that matches your current device state .
NB : With PwnageTool 4.0 PwnageTool 4.01 certain devices are not supported this is because they are not supported in iOS 4.0 or they are not supported by our software .
We ’re working on ways to get past these restrictions .
i Phone 2G - not supported
i Pod Touch - not supported
i Pod Touch 3G - not supported
PwnageTool 4.0 PwnageTool 4.01 only recognizes the official IPSWs that came out yesterday .
If you had developer access to the “ 4.0 GM ” IPSWs , do not try to use those .
i Phone 3GS
Summary : Currently , PwnageTool only works on previously jailbroken 3GS devices with the old bootrom .
If you have a Jailbroken iPhone 3GS with the OLD BOOTROM and you DID NOT use Spirit to jailbreak then you can create the ipsw with PwnageTool 4.0 and restore with your jailbroken recovery mode .
If you have an iPhone 3GS with the NEW BOOTROM this is NOT supported by PwnageTool 4.0 PwnageTool 4.01
i Phone 3G
If you have a Jailbroken iPhone 3G at 3.1.2 ( but not jailbroken with Spirit ) then you should create the ipsw with PwnageTool 4.01 and restore from recovery mode or DFU mode .
jailbroken with Spirit ) then you should create the ipsw with PwnageTool 4.01 and restore from recovery mode or DFU mode .
If you have an out of the box iPhone 3G you should restore using a PwnageTool 4.01 ipsw using DFU mode .
If you have a Jailbroken 3.1.3 iPhone 3G it is very possible that this can fail from recovery mode , if this failure happens you will need to restore using DFU mode .
that this can fail from recovery mode , if this failure happens you will need to restore using DFU mode .
As an alternative to PwnageTool , you can use redsn0w on iPhone 3G ( on both Windows and Mac ) as mentioned in our last post .
IMPORTANT !
Whenever you need to enter DFU mode , you will need to do so using PwnageTool .
i Pod touch 2G
If you have an iPod touch 2G ( non - MC model ) that is jailbroken ( but not with Spirit ) then you can restore using recovery mode .
As an alternative to PwnageTool , you can use redsn0w on non-MC iPod Touch 2G ( on both Windows and Mac ) as mentioned in our last post .
Baseband Unlock
As you probably know by now , ultrasn0w has been updated to cover all basebands from 04.26.08 onward .
Many thanks to @sherif_hashim for finding the crashing command that the new ultrasn0w 0.93 uses !
He worked hard at finding the crash , and he kept it confidential until the right time to use it .
Major props to @oranav ( who found the earlier +xlog crash ) .
He also had this crashing command !
i Phone 3G and 3GS baseband unlockers ( those who rely on ultrasn0w to make phone calls ) should always be very wary to update their firmware , however our Ultrasn0w application will unlock all recent ( including the current ) 3GS and 3G baseband firmware versions .
Once you are jailbroken using PwnageTool 4.01 , install ultrasn0w from Cydia and you ’ll be unlocked .
Remember !
This baseband unlock situation is rare , should you upgrade your iPhone blindly at the next iOS release please do n’t expect an unlock - but for now you are OK ( whatever state your baseband is in ) .
Please feel free to ask any questions in the comment section below .
We ’ve got a bunch of expert help there , including our friendly moderators confucious and angie !
Official Bittorrent Releases
PwnageTool 4.01 Torrent - PwnageTool_4.01.dmg.5645662.TPB.torrent
SHA1 Sum = 15bdb90ec40f1e279bb648eb7e9d90ebe07b66d2
SHA1 Sum = a7e83163b4868256ac887975d7d2fd230110cf68
Unofficial Mirrors
The following links are unofficial download mirrors , you download these archives at your own risk , we accept no responsibility if your computer explodes or if it becomes part of a NASA attacking botnet or even worse if your hands fall off mid-way during the use of these files .
We do not check these links and we accept no responsibility with regard to the validity of the files , the other content that these links may provide or with the content that is on the third - party linked site .
Always check the files that you have downloaded against our published SHA1 hash .
We would prefer that you downloaded the official bittorrent release that is linked above , but you are welcome to try these if you really must .
Mirror owners should email direct dmg download links only ( no rapidshare or filesharing sites please ) to blog@iphone-dev.org — please do n’t place mirrors in the comments as they will be deleted .
France
Poland
Switzerland
Turkey
Netherlands
Germany
Baby ’s First Cubicle : The Most Depressing Toy Ever ?
It ’s all about expectation management , you see .
If you make your kid think he can be President , he will grow up disappointed .
Tell him he ’s headed for a life as an office drone and at least he ’ll be mentally prepared .
For a mere $ US2500 , daddy ’s little office drone gets all of this :
Furniture features :
* Flat desk area
* Left and Right built - in mouse pads
* Bench seat that fits two children and offers storage inside for supplies
* Two locking cabinet doors
* Computer wiring stores safely inside ventilated cabinet .
* Locking castors keep unit from rolling during use .
Computer equipment features :
* Think Centre PC
* Internal DVD-ROM
* 1GB RAM ( minimum )
* 160 GB Hard Drive ( minimum )
* 10/100 Ethernet
* Microsoft® Windows
* Sound Card and 2 External Speakers
* Surge protector
* 19 ″ Widescreen Flat Panel LCD Monitor
* Custom Little Tikes Learning keyboard and Tiny Mouse ( colours are subject to change without notice ) Computer Warranty : 1 - year parts and labour .
Pre -loaded educational software :
* Millie ’s Math House®
* Sammy ’s Science House®
* Bailey ’s Book House®
* Trudy ’s Time and Place ®
* Thinkin ’
Things ®
Boy , I really missed out on these 21st century toys when I was a kid !
[ Young Explorer via Dvice ]
A new analysis of U.S. health data links children ’s attention - deficit disorder with exposure to common pesticides used on fruits and vegetables .
While the study could n’t prove that pesticides used in agriculture contribute to childhood learning problems , experts said the research is persuasive .
“ I would take it quite seriously , ” said Virginia Rauh of Columbia University , who has studied prenatal exposure to pesticides and was n’t involved in the new study .
ADVERTISEMENT
More research will be needed to confirm the tie , she said .
Children may be especially prone to the health risks of pesticides because they ’re still growing and they may consume more pesticide residue than adults relative to their body weight .
In the body , pesticides break down into compounds that can be measured in urine .
Almost universally , the study found detectable levels :
The compounds turned up in the urine of 94 percent of the children .
The kids with higher levels had increased chances of having ADHD , attention - deficit hyperactivity disorder , a common problem that causes students to have trouble in school .
The findings were published Monday in Pediatrics .
The children may have eaten food treated with pesticides , breathed it in the air or swallowed it in their drinking water .
The study did n’t determine how they were exposed .
Experts said it ’s likely children who do n’t live near farms are exposed through what they eat .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Exposure is practically ubiquitous .
We ’re all exposed , ” said lead author Maryse Bouchard of the University of Montreal .
She said people can limit their exposure by eating organic produce .
Frozen blueberries , strawberries and celery had more pesticide residue than other foods in one government report .
A 2008 Emory University study found that in children who switched to organically grown fruits and vegetables , urine levels of pesticide compounds dropped to undetectable or close to undetectable levels .
ADVERTISEMENT
Because of known dangers of pesticides in humans , the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency limits how much residue can stay on food .
But the new study shows it ’s possible even tiny , allowable amounts of pesticide may affect brain chemistry , Rauh said .
The exact causes behind the children ’s reported ADHD though are unclear .
Any number of factors could have caused the symptoms and the link with pesticides could be by chance .
ADVERTISEMENT
The new findings are based on one - time urine samples in 1,139 children and interviews with their parents to determine which children had ADHD .
The children , ages 8 to 15 , took part in a government health survey in 2000 - 2004 .
As reported by their parents , about 150 children in the study either showed the severe inattention , hyperactivity and impulsivity characteristic of ADHD , or were taking drugs to treat it .
The study dealt with one common type of pesticide called organophosphates .
Levels of six pesticide compounds were measured .
For the most frequent compound detected , 20 percent of the children with above - average levels had ADHD .
In children with no detectable amount in their urine , 10 percent had ADHD .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ This is a well conducted study , ” said Dr. Lynn Goldman of the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health and a former EPA administrator .
Relying on one urine sample for each child , instead of multiple samples over time , was n’t ideal , Goldman said .
The study provides more evidence that the government should encourage farmers to switch to organic methods , said Margaret Reeves , senior scientist with the Pesticide Action Network , an advocacy group that ’s been working to end the use of many pesticides .
“ It ’s unpardonable to allow this exposure to continue , ” Reeves said .
The murder of international peace activists on the Gaza flotilla by Israeli commandos marks a turning point in the international standing of the state of Israel .
Even though we witnessed the horrific violence in Lebanon in 2006 and then in Operation Cast Lead in Gaza in 2008 , Israel has largely been able to count on the support of the Western alliance and its clients in the Arab world .
Now we have seen the unbelievable slaughter of peace activists .
What have these actions achieved except to reveal to more and more people around the world the total disregard for human life , international law and rational self - interest by the State of Israel ?
Almost all governments internationally have called for an end to the cruel siege of Gaza .
Relations with Turkey , once Israel ’s only friend in the region , now seem to be thoroughly broken .
How has this profited Israel ?
Until the 2006 invasion of Lebanon , Israel led a charmed life .
The hasbara ( Israeli propaganda ) machine was successful in depicting Israel as paradoxically both mighty victor and defenceless victim , a people who rose like a phoenix from the ashes of the Holocaust .
This is the mythology of the people without a land who made the desert bloom in the land without people .
This story appealed to the guilt - laced sympathy many liberals in the West have felt for Israel .
And there is a ferocious desperation in the way the Israel lobby around the world tries to ensure that only its version of events gets a run in the global media .
Those who put forward other perspectives and other facts which reveal the dark side of Israel ’s foreign policy , are labeled " anti-semitic " or , if they are Jewish , " self - hating Jews " .
This desperation has only become more shrill as the sombre realities of Israel are exposed .
Recall the frenzied attacks on Richard Goldstone and his report last year .
Whatever Israel does , it seems , no matter how shocking the atrocity , their actions are justified by the right to self - defence .
Reality gets turned on its head : the occupier and dispossessor are declared the victim ; the occupied are framed as the aggressors .
What is it that makes these Israelis and the Jews around the world who support them so uncritically , tick ?
Quite apart from the amorality of these actions , observers ask themselves " How can they think this contributes to their security and self - interest ?
Ca n’t they see how this isolates them ? "
The presentation of Israel as always under threat of annihilation reflects a pervasive Jewish identity as eternal victim .
Indeed , it is this identity which reinforces Zionism and attachment to and dependence on Israel as the guarantee of existential security .
How can this chronic sense of vulnerability , both in regard to Israel and to the Australian community be accounted for in the face of a relatively secure reality ?
Many Jews see this as a silly question —
" It ’s obvious , " they will say .
" It ’s the Holocaust .
Anti-semitism is always with us . "
But it is not only the memory and experience of actual history that is so oppressive ; it is the way it is constructed in memory and in day - to - day reality .
In the stories told in the community , Jewish identity is constructed as victim , regardless of time and place .
" From Time Immemorial " and " the Longest Hatred " are some of the key phrases through which this victimhood is constituted .
In this way , the Holocaust is presented as an almost inevitable outcome of never - ending hatred against Jews .
Victimhood has its consolations : it is a great psychic anaesthetic .
One is absolved from often painful responsibility and the Other is always responsible .
If the world hates us , and we are always under threat , anything is justified .
This logic applies particularly to the State of Israel .
Alongside the victim identity , there is a solution : an imaginary Israel that comes to the rescue .
It is an imaginary Israel , because the conditions of its birth and continuation — the dispossession and brutal occupation of the Palestinians — are denied .
Again and again , the Zionist syllogism — Holocaust annihilation conquered by Israeli triumphalism — is presented as self - evident .
According to Zionist ideology , the solution to the Holocaust nightmare is always Israel .
This thinking is promulgated relentlessly in Jewish communal schools , in the Jewish media , in temples and synagogues .
The scars of the Holocaust are picked at over and over and healing is impossible .
And this festering wound certainly serves unquestioning support for Israel .
One comment on Ben Saul ’s excellent article on The Drum last week expressed this primal fear succinctly : " If the Arabs will lay down their weapons , there will be no more violence , if the Jews do the same , there will be no more Jews .
The psycho-social equation that Jewish survival equals Israel is pernicious .
If one sees oneself as a totally powerless victim and Israel as the all - powerful rescuer , all power to confront potential attacks has been effectively projected onto Israel .
What is left is a sense of naked terror , often unconscious , for those gripped by this belief .
In this condition , nothing may be said or be permitted to be said to challenge Israel because it might then lose its all - powerful capacity to induce a sense of security .
In this state of delusion , it is impossible to confront the situation as it is and consider realistic solutions .
For many Jews there is an unbridgeable chasm between what their conscience would dictate and their perceived security imperatives based on this imaginary Israel .
This is an unbearable conflict that is too often resolved by denial of the dictates of conscience , and avoidance of the grim realities .
Yet the grim realities are wearing out the cloak of victimhood .
More and more , people are speaking out , no longer silenced by the fear of being labeled anti-semitic .
Jews too are increasingly vocal , including from within the mainstream Jewish community .
This is why the terrible killing of the peace activists of the Gaza Freedom Flotilla may well be a turning point .
It may mark the point where the world will no longer be conned by the victim narrative , and will finally say to Israel , " enough is enough " .
Diaspora Jews must join in this confrontation .
Enough victimhood , enough apologising for Israel ’s ongoing oppression of the Palestinians , enough denying the dictates of conscience .
Continuing to live out the Holocaust nightmare as if it were real and present destroys all hope , all possibility of imagining and creating peaceful co-existence with the Palestinians , all ability to take responsibility for their dispossession .
( Natural News ) Health and environmental activists have filed a lawsuit to force manufacturers to disclose the ingredients of household cleaning products .
Consumers " want access to the information so they can determine the kind of chemicals that they are introducing into their homes and whether there are any risks associated with them , " Keri Powell , an attorney for the environmental group Earthjustice .
Other lawsuit participants include the Sierra Club and the American Lung Association .
Some cleaners are required to carry hazard labels by the Consumer Product Safety Commission , while the National Institutes of Health has used industrial data to make some health and safety information on many products public .
Yet beyond these key exceptions , federal law does not require manufacturers of household cleaning products to make the ingredients of those products publicly available .
Awareness and concern over these hidden ingredients is growing , perhaps best demonstrated by the recent uproar over the plastics and resin ingredient bisphenol A , which has been linked to hormonal and reproductive problems , particularly in children .
Other findings of concern include studies linking cleaning products to asthma , hormonal problems and antibiotic resistance .
Responding to this trend , a Senate subcommittee recently held a hearing into public toxic chemicals exposure .
Although a win in the New York case would only change the law in that state , the plaintiffs hope that a victory could help galvanize a national movement and create pressure for changes to federal legislation .
The 1971 law in question allows the New York Department of Environmental Conservation ( DEC ) to make manufacturers disclose ingredients and any relevant safety data .
It does not require such disclosure , however -- something the lawsuit hopes to change .
Manufacturers have sought to avoid new regulations through a voluntary online disclosure program .
Yet environmental and health advocates have warned that these measures do not go far enough , allowing companies to hide behind vague ingredient labels such as " fragrance " or " dye . "
" We must be careful about exposures for all household chemicals , " Sierra Club member Joseph A. Gardella Jr. said .
Sources for this story include : www.commondreams.org/headline/2010/02/05-3
( CNN ) --
The man credited with making Chicago 's Metra commuter train line one of the best in the country is an apparent suicide , killed Friday by the train he himself rode five days a week for more than two decades .
Shortly before 8 a.m. , Phil Pagano drove to a parking lot about two miles from his home in unincorporated Crystal Lake in suburban Chicago , walked onto a track where someone had committed suicide three years ago and stepped in front of an oncoming Metra train , McHenry County Sheriff Keith Nygren told reporters .
The train 's lone engineer " saw a man standing on the tracks turning and looking at the train , " Nygren said .
" There was eye contact , he felt , between himself and the victim . "
Pagano , Metra 's executive director , made no attempt to step off the tracks , and the train , which was traveling between 45 mph and 55 mph , could not stop in time , Nygren said .
None of the 27 people on the train was hurt .
They included 24 passengers , two Metra employees , and the engineer , a Union Pacific employee .
The passengers completed their trips in taxis ; no other trains were delayed as a result of this incident , Nygren said .
" We have secured evidence at the scene and at the victim 's residence that would indicate that this was an intentional act on his part , " he said .
A deputy on routine patrol came across the body within a minute of the incident , Nygren said .
He described the scene as " very gruesome . "
Pagano 's death came a week after Metra announced it was investigating whether the 60 - year - old married father of two daughters got an unauthorized vacation payout last year of $ 56,000 , said Metra spokeswoman Judy Pardonnet .
It also came two hours before the Metra board was to have met to hear from an independent investigator about the allegation against Pagano , who was on paid administrative leave from his $ 269,000 - per - year job .
The meeting was delayed , Pardonnet said .
She said the apparent suicide was out of character for a man who cared deeply for his job and his co-workers -- so much that he made sure train personnel received counseling after witnessing similar incidents .
She credited her former boss with having transformed the Chicago rail system from one that in the 1980s was " dilapidated and rundown " to one that is now " the top among commuter railroads . "
" This is a man who had an absolutely impeccable record and , honestly , was viewed as probably the premiere leader of commuter rail in the country . "
Metra , for which Pagano had worked since its formation in 1984 , moves 300,000 passengers per day along 11 lines over 550 miles of track serving six suburban communities in an area the size of Connecticut , she said .
Before that , he held several positions at the Regional Transportation Authority in Illinois .
On - time performance , according to Pardonnet , is routinely at or above 97 percent , the best of any major city in the country and a record that area residents have grown to count on .
" We literally get e-mails from people who say , ' My train was four minutes late twice this week , and I find that unacceptable , ' " Pardonnet said .
" He 's had a fabulous and unprecedented career and that makes it even more tragic . "
" Phil served this agency with distinction for many years , " Metra said in a written statement .
" Today , we shall remember the good work he achieved with our board of directors and the men and women of Metra .
He was dedicated to our passengers and he always considered the men and women of Metra his family and there is a tremendous sense of loss within the agency . "
Deputy Executive Director Bill Tupper was named appointed acting executive director of Metra , which after New York is the nation 's second - largest commuter rail system , said Meg Reile , another Metra spokeswoman .
The investigation was initiated after Metra officials received a tip from Greg Hinz , a reporter for Crain 's Chicago Business , about the claim , Pardonnet said .
" Phil Pagano surely did n't go to work for Metra to grab money he was n't entitled to , " Hinz wrote Friday on his blog .
" Nor do reporters get into the news business to provoke suicides . "
He added , " I and others I 've talked to who were involved in the matter are , frankly , rattled .
Writing about this is part of my job , and the job needs to be done .
But that does n't mean you do n't feel bad .
I do .
I am sorry it had to end this way . "
In a burst of judicial activism , the Supreme Court on Tuesday upended the gubernatorial race in Arizona , cutting off matching funds to candidates participating in the state ’s public campaign finance system .
Suddenly , three candidates , including Gov. Jan Brewer , can no longer receive public funds they had counted on to run against a free - spending wealthy opponent .
The court ’s reckless order muscling into the race was terse and did not say whether there were any dissents , though it is hard to imagine there were not .
An opinion explaining its reasoning will have to wait until the next term , assuming it takes the case , but by that time the state ’s general election will be over and its model campaign finance system substantially demolished .
It seems likely that the Roberts court will use this case to continue its destruction of the laws and systems set up in recent decades to reduce the influence of big money in politics .
By the time it is finished , millionaires and corporations will have regained an enormous voice in American politics , at the expense of candidates who have to raise money the old - fashioned way and , ultimately , at the expense of voters .
Arizona ’s clean elections program was established by the state ’s voters in 1998 after a series of scandals provided clear illustrations of money ’s corrupting influence .
In particular , the program was prompted by the AzScam scandal of 1991 , in which many state legislators were recorded accepting contributions and bribes in exchange for approval of gambling legislation .
You 're at the front lines shooting Nazis before they shoot you .
Or you 're a futuristic gladiator in a death match with robots .
Either way , you 're playing a video game — and you may be improving your vision and other brain functions , according to research presented Thursday at a New York University conference on games as a learning tool .
Medal of Honor ... new research shows certain games can help improve brain function .
" People that play these fast - paced games have better vision , better attention and better cognition , " said Daphne Bavelier , an assistant professor in the department of brain and cognitive science at the University of Rochester .
Bavelier was a presenter at Games for Learning , a daylong symposium on the educational uses of video games and computer games .
The Involute Curve , Drafting a Gear in CAD and Applications
By Nick Carter
Introduction :
Most of us reach a point in our projects where we have to make use of gears .
Gears can be bought ready - made , they can be milled using a special cutter and for those lucky enough to have access to a gear hobber , hobbed to perfect form .
Sometimes though we do n't have the money for the milling cutters or gears , or in search of a project for our own edification seek to produce gears without the aid of them .
This article will explain how to draw an involute gear using a graphical method in your CAD program that involves very little math , and a few ways of applying it to the manufacture of gears in your workshop .
The method I describe will allow you to graphically generate a very close approximation of the involute , to any precision you desire , using a simple 2D CAD program and very little math .
I do n't want to run though familiar territory so I would refer you to the Machinery 's Handbook 's chapter on gears and gearing which contains all the basic information and nomenclature of the involute gear which you will need for this exercise .
Some higher end CAD programs already have functions for generating the involute tooth from input parameters , but where 's the fun in that ?
When we talk about gears , most of us are talking about the involute gear .
An involute is best imagined by thinking of a spool of string .
Tie the end of the string to a pen , start with the pen against the edge of the spool and unwind the string , keeping it taut .
The pen will draw the involute of that circle of the spool .
Each tooth of an involute gear has the profile of that curve as generated from the base circle of the gear to the outside diameter of the gear .
Drawing a Gear :
The easiest way to teach is to demonstrate , so here are our parameters for drawing a :
16 Diametral Pitch ( P ) , 20 Tooth ( N ) , 14 - 1/2 Pressure Angle ( PA ) involute spur gear
We need to compute the following information ; a scientific calculator is handy for figuring out the cosine of the pressure angle .
( " / " Denotes division , " * " denotes multiplication , the dedendum ( d ) is computed differently for other pressure angles ; see Machinery 's Handbook for the correct formula . )
( " / " Denotes division , " * " denotes multiplication , the dedendum ( d ) is computed differently for other pressure angles ; see Machinery 's Handbook for the correct formula . )
The Pitch Diameter ( D ) = N/P = 20/16 = 1.25 "
The Pitch Radius ( R ) = D/2 = .625 "
The Base Circle Diameter ( DB ) = D * COS ( PA ) = 1.25 * COS ( 14.5 deg ) = 1.210 "
The Base Circle Radius ( RB ) = DB /2 = .605 "
The Addendum ( a ) = 1/P = 1/16 = .0625
The Dedendum ( d ) = 1.157/P = 1.157/16 = .0723 " ( rounding off at .0001 " )
Outside Diameter ( DO ) = D+2*a = 1.375 "
Outside Radius ( RO ) = .625 " ( R ) + .0625 " ( a ) = .6875 "
Root Diameter ( DR ) = D - 2*d = 1.1054 " ( I had earlier used the letter " b " instead of " d " , I think this was a typo , making a note here on 10/09/10 of the revision )
Root Radius ( RR ) = .625 " ( R ) - .0723 " ( d ) = .5527 " ( I had earlier used the letter " b " instead of " d " , I think this was a typo , making a note here on 10/09/10 of the revision )
For our method we need to compute the following as well :
Circumference of the Base circle , ( CB ) = Pi * ( DB ) = Pi * 1.210 " = 3.8013 " 1/20th of the Base Circle Radius , ( FCB ) = .03025 "
Number of times that FCB can be divided into CB , ( NCB ) = 125.6628 360 degrees divided by NCB , ( ACB ) = 2.86 degrees Gear Tooth Spacing ( GT ) = 360/N = 18 degrees
The 1/20th of the Base Circle Radius ( FCB ) is an arbitrary division , which yields a very close approximation ; you can use whatever fraction you think will yield a good result .
Now we have all our pertinent data , let 's get drawing !
Note : Click on any drawing to download a . dxf file of that drawing .
Open up your CAD program and draw concentric circles of the Pitch Diameter ( D ) , Base Circle diameter ( DB ) , Outside Diameter ( DO ) , and Root Diameter ( DR ) .
Add a circle of . 25 " diameter for the bore of the gear .
Make sure the circle centers are at x=0 , y=0 .
1 ) Draw a line from the circle center ( 0,0 ) to the base circle perpendicular to your grid .
In other words at 0 , 90 , 180 or 270 degrees .
I chose 270 degrees .
2 ) Draw a line 1/20th of the Base Circle Radius ( RB ) long ( FCB = .03025 " ) at a right angle from the end of that line .
This line is now tangent to the base circle .
It will be very hard to see unless you zoom in on the intersection of the base circle and the lines .
3 ) Radially copy the two lines ( center at 0,0 ) , make 14 copies at 2.86 degrees apart ( ACB ) , for a total of 15 line pairs .
Depending on the diameter of the gear you may need more or less lines , smaller gears need more , larger gears may need a smaller fraction of RB ( base circle radius ) .
4 ) Number each set of lines , starting with 0 for the first one , going to 14 Drawing shows the two lines , and the copies of the line laid out and numbered .
5 ) Extend the tangent line for each copy so it 's length is the 1/20th of the base circle radius ( FCB ) times the number that you have next to that tangent line ( 0 x FCB , 1 x FCB , 2 x FCB … 14 x FCB ) extend them from the tangent point .
Most CAD programs will make this very easy , providing that you started the line from tangent point , usually you just change the length parameter for each line , in Autosketch there is a display showing the line data and retyping the length extends the line from its start point .
Make sure you zoom in on the drawing so you extend the correct line .
Drawing shows the tangent lines extended , and the length of tangent # 14 , which is .4235 " or FCB x 14 6 ) Starting at tangent line # 0 , draw a line from the end of tangent # 0 to then end of tangent # 1 , from the end of tangent # 1 to tangent # 2 , tangent # 2 to tangent # 3 and so on .
You should now have a very close approximation of the involute curve starting at the base circle and extending past the addendum circle .
Trim the involute curve to DO , the outside diameter of the gear .
Drawing shows the involute drawn along the ends of the tangent lines .
7 ) Erase all the tangent lines , leaving the involute curve generated by the process .
Make a line that goes from the intersection of the involute curve and the pitch diameter circle ( D ) to the center of the gear .
Note that this will not be the same as the line going from the start of the involute at the base circle ( DB ) to the center .
8 ) Draw a second line ¼ of the Gear tooth spacing ( GT ) radially from the first line ; usually this is best accomplished by radially copying the line from the first .
4.5 degrees is ¼ of the gear tooth spacing ( GT=18 degrees ) .
9 ) Now mirror a copy of the involute curve around this second line , make sure you leave the original curve , thus copying the other side of the involute 9 degrees ( 1/2 GT ) from the pitch circle ( D ) intersection with the involute .
Drawing shows steps 7 - 9 10 ) Erase the radial lines , leaving the two involute curves .
Draw a line from the start of each involute at the base circle to the center of the gear .
Trim those lines to the Root Diameter ( DR ) circle .
11 ) Erase all the circles except the Root Diameter ( DR ) circle .
Draw a curve from the outside tip of one involute to the other , which has a center at 0,0 ( the center of the gear ) thus drawing the outside of the tooth ( the curve has the radius of RO ) .
You now have a completed gear tooth .
12 ) Radially copy the completed gear tooth 19 times around the Root Diameter ( DR ) circle , spacing the copies 18 degrees apart ( GT ) , making 20 gear teeth ( T ) in total .
13 ) Erase the Root Diameter ( DR ) circle and make a curve ( or straight line ) between ends of two teeth which has a center at 0,0 ( the center of the gear ) .
Purists will note that I have omitted the small fillet generally drawn at the bottom of the root .
I did not draw it because I will be milling this gear on my CNC milling machine and the endmill will provide a fillet automatically .
14 ) Radially copy that curve or line around the gear as you did with the gear teeth .
You now have a completed involute gear .
An Application :
Milling a gear from flat stock with CNC
If we want to mill this gear out of a flat plate on a CNC milling machine we need to figure out what diameter endmill will generate a minimum radius that wo n't interfere with the gear .
If you are lucky enough to have access to a laser or water abrasive jet machine then you do n't have to worry about this .
We can do this graphically by drawing two meshing gears and either inserting a circle of the diameter of an endmill in the tooth gullet - it should be apparent whether it interferes with the gear teeth ( remember that we are concerned with the fillet the endmill produces , not the endmill itself , it can overlap the other gear 's tooth ) , or by inquiring in the cad program to the length of the root arc .
In this case a 1/16 " endmill will not interfere with the gear teeth meshing .
A rule of thumb that seems to work is to use an endmill with a diameter not larger than : DR * Pi / 2T = 1.1054 * PI / 40 = .0868 "
A 1/16 " endmill is .0625 " so it should work , I have not tested this rule of thumb for all possible gears so revert to graphical analysis if you have any doubts .
The drawing is imported into a CAM program and the g- code generated to mill the gear profile .
Picture shows the gear being milled Picture shows the two completed gears meshing with a distance between centers of D ( the sum of the pitch radii of the two gears ) .
The gears milled with the method seem almost perfect and mesh perfectly in spite of the small steps that make up the approximate involute .
Another Application , " Approximate Hobbing " :
In his excellent article on " Spur Gears and Pinions " ( HSM April 1999 , Vol. 12 , # 2 pp. 8 -15 ) , John A. Cooper outlines a method for forming a gear with a cutting tool that is a circular rack of the same pitch as the gear .
Part of his method entails cutting the individual teeth , then lowering the cutter by half the circular pitch ( CP ) while keeping it engaged with the blank , thus rotating the blank while keeping the teeth in mesh and taking a second series of cuts , generating a good approximation of the involute .
Using what we have learned through drawing the gear allows us to expand on the procedure and shows the relation between the rotation of the gear and the movement of the rack like cutter .
On the lathe you make a cutter out of tool steel that is a circular rack of the same pitch as the gear , for the gear in the previous exercise the rack has 14.5 degree sides , the same as an acme thread , so grind a tool bit the same for as for an acme thread .
The grooves are pi/P ( CP ) apart , or 3.1415/16 ( CP=.1963 " ) , cutting flutes are milled and the cutter hardened .
You then make a gear blank of the desired size ( same as the drawing example , DO = 1.375 " ) and mount it on a dividing head , chuck the cutter you have made in the mill , and bring it down so the middle of the cutter is aligned with the midpoint on the gear .
Take a cut(s ) to the full tooth depth , across the width of the blank .
Rotate the blank 1/8th of the gear tooth spacing ( GT/8 , 18 deg./8 , 2.25 degrees ) , rather than leaving the gear in mesh with the cutter .
Move the cutter in the direction of rotation by 1/8 x CP ( 1/8 * pi/P , .0245 " )
Take another cut to full depth , repeat the process until you have made eight passes .
Retract the cutter against the direction of rotation by pi/P ( .1963 " ) and begin the process again until all the teeth are cut .
Drawing shows the movement of the rack cutter and the gear blank for each 1/8th CP movement of the rack , and each 1/8 GT rotation of the blank Drawing shows the movement of the cutter against the gear relative to the gear blank and how it is generating the involute form .
Drawing shows the cutter and the gear .
While this method is tedious ( unless you have a CNC milling machine and 4th axis ) if you do eight passes , you can certainly get away with two or four passes and make a perfectly serviceable gear .
It does lend itself particularly to making worm gears of almost perfect form .
You actually do n't need to draw the gear for this method , but after drawing the gear you will have a better understanding of how the method works , and how far the blank needs to be rotated and the cutter moved .
Final thoughts
Another use of this method : Printed paper patterns ( on label stock , particularly ) could be used to grind single point form tools for use in a fly cutter or on your shaper , for sawing wooden gears by hand with a jewelers saw or plasma cutting large gears from steel plate .
I 'm sure the crafty reader will find many other uses for this technique .
This method can also be used with traditional drafting techniques , pencil and paper , but it will take a much longer time .
The original example of this method was taken from " Analysis and Design of Mechanisms " for drafting one tooth and copying each tooth as you rotate a tracing around the circle .
I love manual drafting but there are so many inexpensive and free CAD programs available now that it would be a good time to upgrade if you are still using dividers and a t- square .
For those of you with a love of mathematics and computer programming there is another way of generating the involute curve using polar coordinates , which lends itself to the generation of the curve in various programming languages or with spreadsheet and CAD macros .
A quick search on the Internet using the term " Polar Involute " will return many pages dealing with that method .
If you are making meshing gears that have a large ratio ( say a 10 tooth gear and a 48 tooth gear ) and you draw them in mesh ( separated between centers by half the pitch diameter of each gear ) , you will notice that the larger gear undercuts the teeth of the smaller gear , thus producing interference .
There are strategies for dealing with this such as increasing the center distance ( thus backlash ) , stubbing the larger gear 's teeth , undercutting the smaller gear 's teeth , etc , some further research on your part will allow you to deal with this problem should it occur .
I hope this leaves you with a better understanding of the geometry of an involute curve and a practical method of drawing gears for your projects .
References : Analysis and Design of Mechanisms , Deane Lent , Prentice Hall , Inc.1961
Machinery 's Handbook , 27th ed. , Industrial Press , 2004
" Spur Gears and Pinions " , John A. Cooper , HSM April 1999 , Vol. 12 , # 2
Copyright Nicholas Carter , 2007
Back to cartertools.com
New projections show that currents will soon carry oil from the Gulf of Mexico into the Atlantic Ocean and up the Eastern seaboard -- but wo n't hit New York , probably .
The projections , released yesterday , on day 45 of the BP oil spill , come from the National Center for Atmospheric Research ( NCAR ) -- which , despite its name , routinely studies ocean currents as well .
The NCAR released a video from a computer model , which shows that the oil will begin to drift around the tip of the Florida Peninsula around day 72 of the spill -- and then currents will quickly carry it around Florida and up the East coast .
It will reach North Carolina by day 80 and then flow east into the Atlantic Ocean .
" I 've had a lot of people ask me , ' Will the oil reach Florida ? '
Actually , our best knowledge says the scope of this environmental disaster is likely to reach far beyond Florida , with impacts that have yet to be understood , " said NCAR scientist Synte Peacock , in their report .
However , Peacock and the other researchers also emphasize that this is a " simulation " and not a " forecast . "
The results were achieved using a computer program that simulates dye traveling through ocean currents .
So no actual dye was released into water ; the computer instead reached its projection by calculating the dispersal rate of a " dye tracer . "
The report admits that the programmed " dye " has little physical similarity with oil .
The dye in the model " has the same density as the surrounding water , does not coagulate or form slicks , and is not subject to chemical breakdown by bacteria or other forces , " the report indicates .
" It is impossible to accurately predict the precise location of the oil weeks or months from now , " NCAR said in its report , instead calling its projections " an envelope of possible scenarios for the oil dispersal . "
Nevertheless , Tri-Staters are on alert .
" I think everybody who has a fishing boat or goes fishing is thinking about it a lot , " New Jersey fishing boat captain Howard Bogan told NBCNew York last week .
Other researchers agree that the oil spill will probably not reach New York .
" The likelihood is small , " Dr. Josh Kohut of Rutgers Marine and Coastal Sciences told NBCNew York last week .
" There are connections that link the Gulf of Mexico to our region in the ocean but the exact pathway is so unpredictable and so many things have to fall into place , "
The oil rig from which the spill originated was in relatively stagnant waters , according to the report , which is why the oil has been " relatively confined , " according to the report .
However , the spill is projected to reach the Loop Current , which runs at up to 40 miles per day counterclockwise from the Yucatan Peninsula through the eastern Gulf of Mexico and into the Atlantic between Florida and Cuba , around day 70 .
After that , the oil will meet the Atlantic Gulf Stream , which will carry the oil at speeds of 100 miles per day up the East Coast and into the North Atlantic Ocean , according to the projection .
The colors in the video represent oil dilution relative to the concentration at the spill 's source .
Highest concentrations are indicated in red and the least concentrations in pale yellow .
Places with a .01 dilution , then , have a concentration of oil equal to one - hundredth of the concentration at the spill site .
By Mike Ely
May 4 , 2010 -- Kasama Project -- May 4 , 1970 .
Forty years have passed .
It is history now in the eyes of the world .
But for me , and many others , it is raw and alive .
It always will be .
I wo n’t tell the well - known details – if you do n’t know them , look them up .
But I will tell you what it felt like , and looked like to a teenage boy who wanted desperately to see the liberation of the Vietnamese and Black people in America .
May Day for Bobby Seale — New Haven , 1970
On May 1 1970 , I was in New Haven , Connecticut .
Bobby Seale , the chairman of the Black Panther Party was facing a murder trial in New Haven .
They had first bound and gagged him in the courtroom of the Chicago 8 , then shipped him to Connecticut to lock him up for life .
We were determined to free him .
Students came from all over the US east coast to turn the city upside down .
On my campus , we had worked day and night to explain the attack on the Black Panther Party – and to mobilise busloads to go New Haven .
Bobby Seale , chairman of the Black Panther Party .
There was a heavy , heavy air over the whole event – we did not know it yet , but US President Richard Nixon was about to unleash an invasion of Cambodia , and he was determined NOT to allow student radicals and Black militants to obstruct his plans .
Everywhere in the country there was a stiffening of the power structure .
We did n’t know it then , but Nixon and his minions were on the phone demanding that governors , mayors , police chiefs and college administrators prepare to suppress resistance .
What we did know was that all kinds of ominous moves were being made .
Nixon ’s attorney general , John Mitchell , airlifted 4000 army paratroops and marines from east coast bases to the New Haven area .
And , the press was announcing that a military train had been looted and that thousands of military rifles were missing .
It was a lie , it was disinformation – but it was clearly intended to create mass hysteria , and it was clearly designed to justify Nixon ’s own preparations for violence .
Within the city , the police focused heavily on tracking and demoralising the Black Panther Party .
A book , written by the police chief , later explained how he had developed a set of teams to deploy parallel to the Black Panther ’s own teams .
Whenever the BPP went out into the Black community , to agitate for Bobby Seale and to mobilise for the May Day march , a plainclothes police team would be there , disguised as ordinary passersby .
And they were trained to heckle and denounce the Panthers – to give them the ( false ) impression that they were isolated , and that the mood among Black people had turned sharply against them .
It was the kind of Cointelpro [ counter - intelligence program ] tactics that were being deployed generally at those times – to divide and confuse the growing revolutionary forces .
The Panthers had inspired us to be revolutionaries .
The attack on their leadership had brought us into the streets .
We looked to them for leadership .
And yet , things were about to become more complicated than I expected .
The Black Panthers generally were skittish about gathering Black people in large militant crowds .
They tended to believe that they would be exposing the community to mass murder .
And while they often supported the mobilisation of supporters ( “ mother country radicals ” ) , there was a reluctance among Panthers to bring out the Black community into the streets – even in their own defence .
And , to the surprise of many of us , the Black Panther Party pulled out of the plans to bring out New Haven ’s Black community for May Day for Bobby at the last moment .
Part of this was their reaction to the unmistakable signs that this system ( at a high level ) was preparing bloody acts .
Part of it was , I believe , confusion that police disinformation caused among their own members .
And part of it was their own ambivalence : the Panthers ( as a movement ) did not have clear grasp of the need to mobilise and rely on the people .
The Panthers were very much in the crosshairs — literally .
And sections of them , especially on the east coast were already thinking about retreating to a strategy of “ moving in twos and threes ” .
Black Panthers in New Haven .
We did n’t know about the Panther decision until very late in the game .
And it did not ( could not ) deter tens of thousands already making their way to New Haven .
Fighting spirit
My plans had been to hook up with some of my close high school friends who were coming with a radical contingent from Antioch College .
And I remember vividly how intense it was to see them come marching through the milling crowds on the Yale college campus : they marched though the crowed in disciplined ranks , wearing motorcycle helmets , and carrying red flags on heavy wooden clubs .
They cleared a space on the green lawns and started practicing karate – moving in lines , moving in groups .
We were preparing for street fighting .
My close friend David Sullivan took me aside to show me his special pack .
He was always eager for a fight , and he loved gear .
He pulled out a special combat first - aid kit , and pointing out that he had bought a dozen gunshot dressings – heavy cotton padding and gauze .
I remember thinking :
We all understand the stakes now … the pigs may come at us this time with guns , and we have come prepared to fight , and even to die .
David planned to stuff cotton into massive wounds if need be , as we carried off our injured and kept fighting .
It had come to this .
We were determined to free Bobby Seale .
We were determined to confront and defy anything Nixon threw against us .
Liberal foes become reluctant allies
In the complex swirl of events , there were all kinds of forces gravitating toward the radicals .
On a campus like Yale , the administration of Kingman Brewster were basically the kind of liberals who we had viewed as enemies on campus ( and who had been persecuting our SDS -- Students for a Democratic Society -- takeovers ) .
But things were shifting massively .
Brewster was confronted by plans for a student strike at Yale .
At a campus rally , a Panther leader had declared : “ The Panther and the Bulldog gonna move together ! ”
The faculty had endorsed that rally – and had called for suspending classes .
No student was going to be penalised for abandoning schoolwork .
Greece 's debt - ridden economy has received unexpected endorsement from China as the two countries announced multibillion euro accords to boost cooperation in fields as diverse as shipping , tourism and telecommunications .
The deals , which will see Greek olive oil being exported to China , were a welcome relief for a government smarting over Moody 's move hours earlier to downgrade the nation 's credit rating to junk .
As investors moved in the other direction , the world 's pre-eminent emerging economy embraced Greece .
Signing the agreements , China 's vice premier Zhang Dejiang not only lauded Athens ' efforts to resolve its worst debt crisis in years but gave the eurozone 's weakest link a public vote of confidence , declaring it would soon come out of the woods .
" I am convinced that Greece can overcome its current economic difficulties , " said the politician who arrived in Athens with 30 of the economic power 's leading businessmen .
" The Chinese government will encourage Chinese businesses to come to Greece to seek investment opportunities . "
Greek officials said the fourteen deals amounted to the biggest single investment by China in Europe .
China views Greece as a " perfect gateway " to the continent and Balkan peninsular where Chinese exports have proliferated in recent years .
Under the agreement , Cosco , one of the world 's largest container terminal operators , will extend its reach with the construction of up to 15 dry bulk carriers in Greece .
The company took over cargo management at Pireaus , the eastern Mediterranean 's premier dockyard , on a 35 - year concession worth $ 1bn ( £ 680 m ) last year .
The Chinese construction company BCEGI also signed an accord , thought to be worth € 100 m ( £ 830 m ) , to develop a hotel and shopping mall complex in Pireaus .
Other deals include the exchange of know - how between China 's Huawei Technologies and the Greek telecoms organization OTE and four agreements signed by food firms to export olive oil to China .
The Chinese are considering buying a stake in the loss - making railway network OSE , which the socialist government has pledged to privatise , as well as building an airport on the island of Crete , a logistics centre north of Athens and a marine theme park , according to Greek finance ministry officials .
" We have discussed other possible investments with them , notably in tourism and infrastructure , " the deputy prime minister Theodoros Pangalos said after the signing ceremony .
The deals are all the more surprising because China 's experience in Greece has not always been easy .
Cosco's bid to take over the day - to - day administration of wharf services at the state - controlled port of Piraeus were initially met with fierce opposition from trade unions led by the ruling socialists .
But since assuming power last October , prime minister George Papandreou has executed a U - turn as his government has desperately sought to attract foreign investment to shore up an economy close to bankruptcy .
The debt stricken country 's economy has contracted visibly following a draconian austerity programme it has had to enforce as part of an unprecedented € 110bn bailout from the International Monetary Fund and eurozone nations .
Cosco 's chairman , Wei Jiafu , recently vilified in Greece , is now referred to affectionately by the local media as " Captain Wei . "
" We have a saying in China , ' construct the eagle 's nest , and the eagle will come , ' " he said during a visit to Greece last month .
" We have constructed such a nest in your country to attract such Chinese eagles .
This is our contribution to you . "
Washington “ discovers ” Afghanistan ’s mineral wealth
By Alex Lantier
15 June 2010
For anyone who was still undecided , the New York Times has made it official : the war in Afghanistan is an imperialist war of plunder .
This is the inescapable conclusion of yesterday ’s lead article , “ US Discovers Mineral Riches in Afghanistan , ” on Pentagon plans to hand over Afghan mineral resources to major mining corporations and financial firms .
The New York Times cited “ senior American government officials ” saying that US surveying teams had found “ nearly $ 1 trillion in untapped mineral deposits in Afghanistan . ”
At current market prices , this includes $ 421 billion in iron ore , $ 274 billion in copper , $ 81 billion in niobium ( a metal used in producing superconducting steel ) , $ 51 billion in cobalt , $ 25 billion in gold , $ 24 billion in molybdenum , and $ 7.4 billion in “ rare earth elements . ”
The Times left out the value of Afghanistan ’s extensive supplies of gemstones and natural gas .
Nonetheless , it concluded that Afghanistan might “ be transformed into one of the most important mining centers in the world . ”
This bonanza is safely in the hands of the US military and major transnational corporations , the Times explained .
“ International accounting firms ” are consulting with the Afghan Ministry of Mines to prepare technical data “ to turn over to multinational mining companies and other potential foreign investors .
The Pentagon is helping Afghan officials arrange to start seeking bids on mineral rights by next fall , officials said . ”
Under -Secretary of Defense Paul Brinkley told the Times : “ The Ministry of Mines is not ready to handle this .
We are trying to help them to get ready . ”
The claim that the Pentagon is “ helping ” the Ministry of Mines is a lie .
In fact , the Ministry of Mines is apparently being kept in the dark about the contents of the survey .
Contacted yesterday by Bloomberg News to obtain a statement on the Times report , Deputy Mines Minister Abdul Qudus Hamidi said the Ministry of Mines could not “ comment until it receives a copy of the survey . ”
More broadly , the Pentagon is mainly interested in “ helping ” the Ministry of Mines decide who will get Afghanistan ’s riches .
US officials and the Times both made clear that Chinese mining firms are not acceptable buyers .
The Times wrote : “ Just last year , Afghanistan ’s minister of mines [ Muhammad Ibrahim Adel ] was accused by American officials of accepting a $ 30 million bribe to award China the rights to develop its [ Aynak ] copper mine .
The minister has since been replaced .
...
American officials fear resource - hungry China will try to dominate the development of Afghanistan ’s mineral wealth , which could upset the United States . ”
Such statements suggest some of the broader geopolitical interests motivating Washington ’s occupation of Afghanistan .
In the struggle to grab Afghanistan ’s raw materials and cheap labor and deny them to its rivals , Washington intends to fully exercise its one main advantage : it has more boots on the ground than its rivals .
This February , after Adel was forced out over the Aynak license , Kabul canceled bidding on the massive Hajigak iron mine .
Business
Week explained , “ Indian and Chinese companies eager to tie up resources for the world ’s two fastest - growing major economies had sought the Hajigak deposit ... China has wrestled with the world ’s main iron ore suppliers — Brazil ’s Vale SA , London - based Rio Tinto Plc and Australia ’s BHP Billiton Ltd — in an attempt to circumvent rising global prices . ”
Iron ore prices have skyrocketed as BHP Billiton , Rio Tinto , and Vale have succeeded in bidding up prices in recent years , since the main importer of iron ore — China — is completely dependent on their supplies .
They demanded 90 - 100 percent price increases for iron ore this spring , after several years of comparable price increases .
Xinhua reported that Chinese steel firms would pay $ 110 - $ 120 per ton of imported iron ore , compared to $ 62 per ton last year .
Nor is the iron ore market the only one in which control of Afghan mines might prove decisive .
The Times ’ article yesterday reported that deposits of lithium — an essential material for laptop and smart - phone batteries — in Afghanistan ’s Ghazni province alone could rival those of Bolivia , which currently has the world ’s largest reserves .
The Times cited an internal Pentagon memo describing Afghanistan as the “ Saudi Arabia of lithium , ” that is , a country whose production ( of oil , in the Saudi case ) would determine world market prices .
A frank exposition of how US wars benefit parasitic corporate and financial interests would provoke mass outrage , in the US and abroad .
As a result , the Times ludicrously presented Washington ’s interest in Afghan mineral wealth as the product of the lucky work of a few isolated US geologists , who arrived in Afghanistan in 2004 .
Having “ stumbled across an intriguing series of old charts ” in Afghan libraries , they commandeered an “ old Navy Orion P - 3 aircraft ” that — in a fit of absent - mindedness , perhaps ? —had been fitted with “ advanced gravity and magnetic measuring equipment . ”
Having flown over “ 70 percent of the country , ” they produced a report noting that they had discovered “ astonishing ” mineral wealth , and returned with a more sophisticated British aircraft for further exploration in 2007 .
Their work , according to the Times , then “ gathered dust ” for two years in US offices .
In fact the US government was well aware , as it invaded Afghanistan , that it was invading a country with vast mineral riches .
Despite the Times ’ deceptive presentation of the matter , its account objectively shows that US and NATO officials have been carefully studying and documenting these resources for years , as the war progressed .
As for the Times ’ absurd presentation , US documents show that Washington has long been aware of Afghanistan ’s riches .
Under “ Resources , ” the first chapter of the US government ’s 1986 Country Study on Afghanistan lists the following : “ Wide variety of mineral resources — natural gas , coal , copper , iron , barite , chrome , and lapis lazuli .
Petroleum discoveries and uranium finds reported . ”
A 2002 State Department report , quoted by the WSWS , noted : “ Afghanistan is endowed with a wealth of natural resources , including extensive deposits of natural gas , petroleum , coal , copper , chromite , talc , barites , sulfur , lead , zinc , iron ore , salt , and precious and semiprecious stones ” ( See : “ Oil and ‘ conspiracy theories ’ : a reply to a liberal apologist for the US war in Afghanistan ” ) .
This begs the question of why the US government and the Times have waited until now to report this discovery .
What are the reasons for this sudden announcement ?
The Times writes , “ American and Afghan officials agreed to discuss the mineral discoveries at a difficult moment in the war in Afghanistan .
Noting the failure of NATO military operations to crush resistance in the Afghan city of Marja , it adds , “ the Obama administration is hungry for some positive news to come out of Afghanistan . ”
In other words , this is a bit of “ good news ” that NATO governments think they can peddle to their populations to reconcile them to an unpopular war .
At the same time , the Times makes it clear it hopes the announcement will inspire even greater violence against anti-occupation forces .
It laid out this policy in its lead editorial yesterday , calling for a more aggressive policy in Afghanistan .
Frustrated with Afghan President Hamid Karzai ’s negotiations with the Taliban and US General Stanley McChrystal ’s decision to put off an offensive against the city of Kandahar until autumn , it wrote : “ We do n’t know if the Taliban leaders will ever compromise .
But we are sure they will only consider it under duress .
General McChrystal is going to have to do a much better job in Kandahar .
Mr. Karzai is going to have to drop his illusions and commit to the fight . ”
From the standpoint of intensifying combat between Karzai ’s troops and the Taliban , the mineral announcement also could help .
As the Times notes , “ newfound mineral wealth could lead the Taliban to battle even more fiercely to regain control of the country . ”
In short , the news may provoke more bloodshed , which the Times wants — and help keep Karzai in line with US demands , by implicitly offering him a piece of the mining money , if he wins .
These events powerfully confirm the critique of the social character of American militarism made by the World Socialist Web Site prior to the September 11 attacks that marked the beginning of the US “ war on terror . ”
After the 1999 US war against Serbia , the statement “ After the Slaughter : Political Lessons of the Balkan War ” addressed the rising inter-imperialist conflicts of the time .
Noting the origins of World War I and World War II in the struggle of “ different imperialist countries over markets , raw materials , and related strategic interests , ” it stated :
“ The increasing frequency of military outbreaks during the 1990s is an objective symptom of an approaching international conflagration .
Both World War I and World War II were preceded by a series of local or regional conflicts .
As the major imperialist powers seek to expand their influence into the regions opened up for capitalist penetration by the collapse of the USSR , the likelihood of conflicts between them increases .
At stake in major disputes — such as those that will inevitably arise over the allocation of booty from the oil of the Caspian and Caucasian regions — will be life - and - death issues of world power and position .
Such issues do not , by their very nature , lend themselves to peaceful resolution .
The basic tendency of imperialism moves inexorably in the direction of a new world war . ”
With the Times ’ recent article , the same contradictions emerge publicly today .
The difference , as the WSWS statement predicted , is that the world is far closer to direct conflict between the major powers — with international relations destabilized by the world economic crisis , US occupations of Iraq and Afghanistan , and the entire Middle East on hair - trigger alert — as the US , other NATO countries , and the rising powers in Asia continue to compete for access to raw materials , labor and markets worldwide .
The author also recommends :
After the slaughter : political lessons of the Balkan War
[ 30 March 2009 ]
Why is NATO at war with Yugoslavia ?
World power , oil and gold
[ 24 May 1999 ]
Your blog ’s loading speed affects more than just user experience but is now a factor used by google to determine an overall ranking for your site .
The reasoning is clear according to google and other search engines ’ goals , which is to provide the most relevant search results from sites that offer the best user experience .
Site speed is definitely something we cannot not ignore and should take advantage of every opportunity to improve .
Here are 9 effective techniques and tips that can be easily implemented to make your blog lightning fast .
1. Disable Unused Plugins
This is one of the easiest things we can do to reduce load times .
I know many of us get carried away trying out the thousands of cool plugins available but we need to bear in mind the fact that they use system resources .
Assess whether you need the plugins that you have installed and determine if they necessarily serve a useful purpose .
Also , deactivated plugins that are not deleted can possibly create loopholes and back doors that hackers can exploit so delete them and maintain security for your blog .
2. Install A Caching Plugin
I recommend using the caching plugin W3 Total Cache which can greatly reduce the load time for your blog ’s pages and ease the work on your hosting server .
W3 Total Cache has the highest level of compatibility I ’ve seen so far , especially with Content Delivery Networks .
3. Choose The Right Web Host
Personally , I ’ve had my share of headaches when it comes to bad web hosts .
There are tons of web hosting companies out there claiming to be the best but do n’t seem to make the cut .
Regardless of how optimized and efficient your blog may be , hosting your site on slow servers can drastically reduce your blog ’s speed and up - time .
4. Use Less External Scripts
A tracking system such as Google Analytics is extremely useful for tracking a blog ’s traffic and visitor demographics .
However , having too many scripts installed from different providers can significantly increase and stall the loading of your blog because they are being called from an external source .
If the server where the script is being called from is slow or down , this will affect your site ’s performance .
Other examples of external scripts include , code from video hosting sites , tracking badges and advertisements from external ad networks .
5. Check For Hacks & Other Exploits
Malicious code can seriously cripple your site ’s performance and if you suddenly see an increase in your site ’s loading times , its worth it to check for possible malicious injections .
Plugins such as WP Anti Virus can scan your files for existing exploits .
Read WordPress Security – A Comprehensive Guide to significantly improve your blog ’s security .
6. Optimize Your MySQL Database
Optimizing your blog ’s MySQL database can greatly reduce the load on your hosting server and improve load times , especially if you have a huge long - standing blog .
The WP DB Manager plugin can easily optimize your database in a single click and even allows you to schedule optimization tasks .
7. Reduce The Number Of Images
Although images can assist with the overall appeal of our blogs , they need to be used in moderation .
Less is best .
Remove unnecessary badges and pictures that provide no useful purpose for neither you or your visitors .
Minimal blog templates and designs usually perform best since they use less fancy images and javascript in the code .
8. Use A Content Delivery Network ( CDN )
A CDN is a network of expertly optimized servers around the world containing copies of your site ’s data placed at various locations in the network to maximize bandwidth thus reducing your site ’s load time .
This works really well if you have visitors from all across the world as the servers closest to them will be used to deliver content quickly .
A CDN provider such as MaxCDN can provide great performance without putting a strain on your pocket .
9. Avoid Flash Content
Flash takes a lot of time to load and can significantly increase load times .
Flash should not make up the main design elements of your site .
Conclusion
There ’s nothing better than a blog with great content and zero load times .
Use the simple techniques above to improve the experience for your blog ’s visitors while achieving maximum authority in google .
Do you know of any unique tips and tricks for increasing speed that are not mentioned here ?
Please share them with us in the comments , we would love to hear from you .
Space is a big place , and even with their giant telescopes , astronomers just ca n’t cover it all .
This is where you come in .
Yes , you .
Astronomy is one of the few scientific fields where amateur scientists can , and frequently do , make significant contributions .
But now space scientists are increasingly also looking to people with little or no training for help with their research .
Sometimes they are looking for free labor for tasks that humans can still do better than computers , like identifying different types of galaxies .
Other times it ’s numbers of eyes on the sky or feet on the ground they ’re after .
But more and more , they are finding ways to get regular citizens involved .
Amateur astronomers and regular folks have already had an impact on the science by making observations of fleeting cosmic phenomena that would have otherwise gone unnoticed .
When an asteroid or a comet hit Jupiter in July 2009 and then again earlier this month , amateur astronomers in Australia and the Philippines were the first to notice .
Amateurs have invented new telescopes , kept tabs on variable stars and discovered comets .
And you do n’t even need any fancy equipment .
“ We can learn a lot from someone taking a cellphone video of a meteor as it burns up in the atmosphere , ” said Bill Cooke of NASA ’s Meteoroid Environment Office .
But what if you ’re not the lucky one who is in the right place at the right time ?
You are still needed .
Citizen scientists have also become crucial for helping astronomers with one of their most intractable problems : too much data , too little time .
Here are some astronomy projects you can take part in right now , while you wait for your iPhone to capture a meteor .
Hunt for Meteorites
Last month , NASA tried to recruit meteorite hunters when cameras at NASA ’s Marshall Spaceflight Center recorded the path of a meteor from its home in the asteroid belt to just 23 miles above the Earth ’s surface .
The 60 - pound rock is thought to have smashed into the ground near Scottsboro , Alabama , on May 18 .
“ This is the first time our cameras picked up something we thought produced meteorites on the ground , ” Cooke said .
“ If we find the one in Scottsboro , we know exactly where it came from . ”
Knowing both the path the meteorite took and what it ’s made of would give scientists a complete picture of the rock ’s life , and they were anxious to find it .
But after two days of searching , NASA ’s meteorite basket came up empty .
So Cooke called on the masses .
NASA issued a press release on May 20 asking anyone who found a funny rock near Scottsboro to call them .
“ People in the public contribute a lot to meteor science , ” Cooke said .
“ My hope was that it landed on somebody ’s farm , and they thought , ‘ Where the heck did that rock come from ? ' ”
So far nobody has found the rock Cooke is after .
Image : NASA
Mars Student Imaging Project
A group of 16 middle schoolers recently found a cave on Mars while taking part in the Mars Student Imaging Project , NASA reported on June 17 .
The project invites fifth graders through college sophomores to develop a question about geological processes on Mars , and then lets them steer the camera on the Mars Odyssey spacecraft to find the answers .
Since it started in 2004 , more than 50,000 students have participated , answering questions from “ What are the relationships between wind streaks and craters ? ” to “ How can comparing Earth channels to channels on Mars help us to find possible water sources on Mars ? ”
Image : NASA
HiWish
Another Martian portrait painter , the HiRISE , or High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment , camera on the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , has been taking stunning close - ups of Mars since 2006 .
In January , the team gave the public a shot at the shutter button .
With HiWish , anyone with a web connection can suggest the next place on Mars to point the camera .
The site got hundreds of suggestions in the first few days , and the first eight images were released on March 31 .
Suggestions are ranked based on scientific interest .
When you make a suggestion , you can choose two of 17 science themes — like Climate Change , Future Exploration / Landing Sites , or Volcanic Processes — that you think fit your suggestion .
The HiRISE blog offers some tips for improving your chances of having your suggestion selected :
Make sure you justify your choice based on small features like boulders or dunes , not big ones like volcanoes or channels .
Mars has been photographed extensively already , so the suggestions that make the best use of HiRISE ’s meter - scale resolution are the most interesting .
Choose an appropriate science theme ( mark impact craters with “ Impact Processes ” rather than “ Volcanic Processes , ” for instance ) .
Go for the ugly duckling regions of Mars , ones that have n’t already received lots of attention .
Image : NASA
Be a Martian
The “ Be a Martian ” tool , a joint project between NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Lab and Microsoft , has by far the sleekest user interface of any crowdsourced Mars exploration program .
The science activities are basic but useful : Users can count craters or align images of Mars from two different orbiting cameras , MOLA ( Mars Orbiter Laser Altimeter ) on Mars Global Surveyor and THEMIS ( THermal EMission Imaging System ) on Mars Odyssey .
But the whole thing is couched in a make - believe Martian civilization .
You can sign up as a Martian citizen , discuss and vote on issues ( basically , ask questions on a message board and give thumbs up to favorite posts ) , watch videos from JPL in the Two Moons Theater , and send postcards to the rover Spirit .
A dramatic introductory video intones , “ Mars exploration is a civilization endeavor , no longer restricted to the intrepid few , but to all who wish to share in the journey of discovery … .
Join us , and we can work together to create the most comprehensive global mosaic of Mars in human history . ”
If you like this kind of theatricality , have at it .
But if you prefer your Mars exploration straight up , THEMIS has its own , pared - down public mapping project , too .
Image : NASA
Stardust@Home
Stardust was the first spacecraft to bring home bits of a comet .
It returned to Earth on Jan. 15 , 2006 , carrying chunks of the comet Wild 2 and speckles of stardust — literally bits of interstellar dust born in distant stars .
The comet pieces numbered in the thousands and were easy to find .
But scientists estimate the spacecraft collected only about 45 particles of stardust , each of which is just a millionth of a meter across .
So rather than poring over the 1,000 - square - centimeter detector one painstaking microscope frame at a time , the Stardust@Home project uses an automated scanning microscope to make hundreds of thousands of images of the detector , and posts them online .
Speck candidates will be ranked based on many different viewings to find the ones most likely to really hold some dust .
“ No one ’s sure what exactly the stardust tracks will look like , so we wo n’t be able to recognize them until we ’ve found one , ” the website says .
If you discover a bit of stardust , you ’ll get your name on the scientific paper announcing it .
You ’ll also get to name your bit .
These nearly invisible bits of dust are important because , as Carl Sagan famously said , “ We are starstuff . ”
The heavy elements that ultimately formed the planets , and us , were built in distant stars , and floated around the interstellar medium as stardust after those stars died .
This is the stuff that solar systems are made of .
Image : NASA
Galaxy Zoo and Moon Zoo
Want to classify galaxy shapes ?
There ’s an app for that .
As of June 21 , Galaxy Zoo is available on the iPhone .
Galaxy Zoo asks users to help identify and classify more than 60 million galaxies based on their shape , which is easy for human brains but notoriously difficult for computers .
In the first incarnation of the program , which launched in July 2007 , the images were taken from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey , conducted from a 2.5 - meter telescope in New Mexico .
The project now includes images from the Hubble Space Telescope as well .
Galaxy Zoo has resulted in about 14 published scientific papers examining the directions in which spiral galaxies spin , the relationship between galaxy shape and color , galaxy mergers and a bizarre , surprising object called Hanny ’s Voorwerp .
Moon Zoo follows the same idea :
Use human eyes to do what computers can’t .
It lets users count craters in images from NASA ’s Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter .
Image : NASA
See Also :
Youch !-
Should n't have had that chili at the rest stop !
Hey Asshole ! - it 's my light , you fucker , get your ass through the intersection !
Hey There !
- glad to see a fellow Brother of the Order of Two Wheels You Wanker !
- learn how to drive , why do n't you ?!
Fuck You ! - and stay the hell off your cell phone !
Spank your kids ! - or leave them at home if they can't behave in the back seat !
Back off ! - I 've got two spark plugs -- you only have one windshield Hey , Baby !
- Wanna play some grab-ass ?
See This ? -
It 's at least twice as big as yours .
Get back in your own lane - or I 'll kick the shit out of your door !
Slow Down - Cops Ahead !
You wanna go ? - I 'll take on the whole cage load of you mother fuckers
The “ Hitler ” option in Afghanistan
29 June 2010
The removal of Gen. Stanley McChrystal as the US commander in Afghanistan and his replacement by Gen. David Petraeus is not , as portrayed by Obama ’s political apologists , a principled defense of civilian control over the military .
Nor is it , as the official line emanating from the White House would have it , a change in personnel only , not in policy .
There is every indication that the change in command is the result of growing dissatisfaction with McChrystal ’s counterinsurgency methods , which have failed to dislodge the Taliban - led guerrilla forces that control the bulk of southern and eastern Afghanistan .
It presages a drastic increase in the level of US military violence , and especially the scale of civilian casualties among the Afghan population .
Their “ crime ” is to sympathize with and support the anti-US insurgency .
Petraeus is already , according to one media report , preparing to modify the rules of engagement to allow for greater use of force .
According to a report Sunday in the British Independent , McChrystal had grown increasingly pessimistic about the prospects for success , particularly after he was compelled to postpone the planned offensive into the key southern city of Kandahar , a Taliban stronghold .
He reportedly briefed NATO defense ministers earlier this month “ and warned them not to expect any progress in the next six months . ”
The newspaper writes : “ It was this briefing , according to informed sources , as much as the Rolling Stone article , which convinced Mr. Obama to move against ” McChrystal .
The article adds , “ The general was judged to be ‘ off message ’ in his warning to ministers not to expect quick results and that they were facing a ‘ resilient and growing insurgency . ’ ”
A media campaign has begun in the United States , spearheaded by the New York Times , portraying McChrystal as excessively concerned about the deaths of Afghan civilians caught in the escalating warfare between US and NATO forces and the Taliban - led guerrilla forces .
This began with an article June 22 by C. J. Chivers which described growing frustration among field officers , NCOs and rank - and - file soldiers in Afghanistan over being “ handcuffed ” by McChrystal .
The general ’s tactics supposedly restricted “ the use of Western firepower — airstrikes and guided rocket attacks , artillery barrages and even mortar fire — to support troops on the ground . ”
This theme was taken up by several Times correspondents in online commentaries on the newspaper ’s web site — Robert Mackey , John Burns and Dexter Filkins all chimed in — and then by the newspaper ’s op - ed columnists , both liberal and conservative .
Bob Herbert , a liberal columnist , suddenly discovered his vocation as an adviser on military tactics in a column Saturday headlined “ Worse Than a Nightmare . ”
He denounced the counterinsurgency strategy of McChrystal and Petraeus , declaring that its advocates “ seem to have lost sight of a fundamental aspect of warfare :
You do n’t go to war half - stepping .
You go to war to crush the enemy .
You do this ferociously and as quickly as possible .
If you do n’t want to do it , if you have qualms about it , or do n’t know how to do it , do n’t go to war .
The men who stormed the beaches at Normandy were n’t trying to win the hearts and minds of anyone . ”
He continued : “ Among the downsides of this battlefield caution is a disturbing unwillingness to give our own combat troops the supportive airstrikes and artillery cover that they feel is needed . ”
Ross Douthat , a conservative Times columnist , raised the same issue Monday , arguing that “ success is our only ticket out ” of Afghanistan .
The Obama administration “ has n’t been choosing between remaining in Afghanistan and withdrawing from the fight .
It ’s been choosing between two ways of staying ” — i.e. , a prolonged stalemate , or outright military victory .
Douthat noted that the Rolling Stone article which provided the occasion for McChrystal ’s ouster was “ ostensibly a left - wing , antiwar critique of counterinsurgency . ”
But it actually gave voice to “ complaints that the current strategy places too much value on innocent Afghan lives . ”
He cited another analyst summing up the article as criticizing the current strategy “ because it does n’t allow our soldiers to kill enough people . ”
It might appear farfetched that General McChrystal , a longtime commander of Special Operations forces who was responsible for the assassination of thousands of insurgents during his years in Iraq , should be deemed insufficiently bloodthirsty .
The logic of such criticism was spelled out in a significant analysis in the July 2010 issue of Washington Quarterly , the magazine of the Center for Strategic and International Studies , a major policy think tank in the US capital .
Written by Lorenzo Zambernardi , an Italian academic now working in the US , the article discusses what it calls “ Counterinsurgency ’s Impossible Trilemma . ”
Zambernardi argues : “ Counterinsurgency involves three main goals , but in real practice a counterinsurgent needs to choose two out of three . …
The impossible trilemma in counterinsurgency is that , in this type of conflict , it is impossible to simultaneously achieve : 1 ) force protection , 2 ) distinction between enemy combatants and noncombatants , and 3 ) the physical elimination of insurgents . ”
According to this schema , McChrystal had chosen the second and third goals , with the resulting spike in US - NATO casualties and increasing dissatisfaction among the rank - and - file soldiers ordered to take greater risks to avoid civilian casualties .
The alternative , the author writes , is to focus on the first and third goals instead : “ A state can protect its armed forces while destroying insurgents , but only by indiscriminately killing civilians as the Ottomans , Italians , and Nazis did in the Balkans , Libya , and Eastern Europe , respectively . ”
This choice , what the author later calls “ a policy of barbarism , ” could perhaps be described as “ the Hitler option . ”
That is where American policy in Afghanistan is now headed : towards a dramatic escalation of violence in a war that has always been characterized by extreme brutality and disregard for the destruction of innocent lives .
Such is the response of US imperialism to its failure to suppress popular opposition in Afghanistan to Washington ’s neo-colonial war and occupation .
The push to escalate the bloodbath arises because the anti-US insurgency has mass popular support .
This struggle of the Afghan masses against foreign occupation is entirely legitimate .
Tens of thousands of Afghan civilians have been killed in more than nine years of warfare , the longest single military engagement in American history .
US air strikes have hit wedding celebrations , family outings , even funeral ceremonies .
Thousands of Afghans have been seized and detained and tortured at the infamous Bagram prison camp and at other such facilities throughout the country .
US Predator missiles have been fired from drone aircraft at villages on both sides of the Afghanistan - Pakistan border , with hundreds , probably thousands , dead .
This is the bloodbath that Obama publicly supported as the “ good war ” in his presidential campaign , and which the liberal wing of the Democratic Party embraces enthusiastically to this day , in the face of growing popular opposition within the US .
Those who are making the decisions to continue and escalate this conflict are guilty of war crimes .
Those who supply the political rationalizations to “ sell ” this war to the American people are their accomplices .
Patrick Martin
Patrick Martin
Norman G. Finkelstein :
What happened with the Gaza flotilla was not an accident .
You have to remember that the Israeli cabinet met for fully a week .
All the cabinet ministers discussed and deliberated how they would handle the flotilla .
There were numerous reports in the Israeli press , numerous suggestions , numerous recommendations about what to do .
At the end of the day , they decided on a nighttime armed commando raid on a humanitarian convoy .
Israel is now a lunatic state .
It ’s a lunatic state with between two and three hundred nuclear devices .
It is threatening war daily against Iran and against Hezbollah in Lebanon .
Hezbollah in Lebanon has already stated on several occasions : if Israel attacks it will retaliate in kind .
Things are getting out of control .
We have to ask ourselves a simple , basic , fundamental question : can a lunatic state like Israel be trusted with two to three hundred nuclear devices when it is now threatening its neighbors Iran and Lebanon with an attack ?
Norman G. Finkelstein is the author of ‘ This Time We Went Too Far ’ : Truth and Consequences of the Gaza Invasion ; Beyond Chutzpah : On the Misuse of Anti-Semitism and the Abuse of History ; The Holocaust Industry : Reflections on the Exploitation of Jewish Suffering ; Image and Reality of the Israel - Palestine Conflict ; A Nation on Trial : The Goldhagen Thesis and Historical Truth ( with Ruth Bettina Birn ) ; and The Rise and Fall of Palestine : A Personal Account of the Intifada Years .
This video interview was released by Russia Today on 31 May 2010 .
The text above is an edited partial transcript of the interview .
| Print
A 75 - year - old Chicago man is under arrest after allegedly telling a flight attendant at a Long Island airport that there was a bomb in a bag he had left on a seat during deboarding .
Draco Slaughter yesterday entered a plea of not guilty to a charge of falsely reporting an incident and was ordered held on $ 50,000 bail .
Southwest Airlines Flight 373 had just arrived at 2:35 p.m. Sunday at MacArthur Airport , and passengers were getting off the plane when the attendant noticed the carry - on bag on an empty seat .
Nothing dangerous was found during the ensuing two - hour search , and the plane flew on to its final destination , West Palm Beach , Fla .
Adobe today released Flash Player 10.1 , the public version of its browser plug - in that has been available for testing in prerelease form since mid-November .
The release , however , does not yet include hardware - accelerated decoding on Mac OS X .
Apple altered its policies in late March to allow third parties such as Adobe to tap into the hardware - accelerated decoding of H.264 video on machines with compatible video cards .
Adobe did just that a month later , introducing its " Gala " prerelease version of Flash Player 10.1 for Macs running Mac OS X 10.6.3 and using NVIDIA GeForce 9400 M , GeForce 320 M or GeForce GT 330 M video cards .
The Gala functionality , highly anticipated by many users for its ability to free system resources and reduce loads , will be included in a future update to Flash Player 10.1 .
Will Gala be generally available with the general availability of Flash Player 10.1 in the first half of this year ?
It is expected that the Gala functionality - H.264 hardware decoding on Mac OS X 10.6.3 - will be available in an update following the release of Flash Player 10.1 .
A second preview version of Gala remains available through Adobe Labs for those looking to test out the hardware acceleration .
Flash Player 10.1 is intended to integrate the Flash experience across a broad variety of platforms , including smartphones , with support for multi-touch and accelerometer controls .
The so - called " Open Screen Project " is consortium of nearly 50 companies looking to bring a consistent Flash experience across all platforms , but Apple is notably absent from the group .
It 's become de rigeur for manufacturers to whack a Snapdragon processor in smartphones nowadays — even if people do n't quite understand what it means ( or does ) , they want nothing less .
Now , Qualcomm 's offering dual - core 1.2GHz chips to manufacturers .
Advertisement
See the MSM8260 and MSM8660 in an Android phone near you soon , with support for 1080 p video encoding and decoding amongst other features .
Full release below .
Neoromancer is one of the most celebrated Sci - fi novels of all time ( and yes , it spawned a comic series ! ) .
Seven Arts Pictures released the following press release .. Vincenzo Natali ( Splice , Cube ) has been tapped to direct the upcoming motion picture adaptation of William Gibson 's seminal science fiction novel Neuromancer .
Neuromancer is to be produced and financed in Canada by Prodigy Pictures in conjunction with Telefilm Canada .
The film is expected to commence pre-production early next year in Toronto and has the full support of Telefilm Canada .
The Company will continue to handle all sales of the picture .
Natali's credits include Splice , starring Adrien Brody and Sarah Polley , as well as the cult psychological thriller Cube .
Splice was released in thousands of theaters nationwide by Warner Brothers last Friday following a sensational debut at the Sundance Film Festival .
Prodigy Pictures ' Jay Firestone is set to produce .
This production continues the Company 's financing and production relationship with Mr. Firestone who has produced such films as Rat Race , Rules of Engagement , The Believer , and An American Rhapsody .
Neuromancer was an immediate hit , with over 7 million copies sold , and was the first novel to win the " triple crown " of science fiction awards -- the Nebula , the Hugo , and the Philip K. Dick Award for paperback original .
The Mail & Guardian newspaper called this " the sci - fi writer 's version of winning the Goncourt , Booker , and Pulitzer prizes in the same year . "
The novel legitimized cyberpunk as a mainstream branch of science fiction literature .
It is among the most - honored works of science fiction in recent history and appeared on Time magazine 's list of 100 best English - language novels written since 1923 .
The novel was also nominated for a British Science Fiction Award in 1984 .
The author , Gibson , popularized such terms as ICE ( Intrusion Countermeasures Electronics ) and " cyberspace " through their use in Neuromancer .
Eventually cyberspace gained enough recognition to become the de facto term for the World Wide Web .
Neuromancer is the story of a washed - up computer hacker hired by a mysterious employer to work on the ultimate hack .
Seven Arts sees Neuromancer as part of a potential multi film series as many of Gibson 's sci- fi masterpieces have yet to be adapted to the big screen .
CEO Peter Hoffman said , " We are very excited to be working with Prodigy Pictures and to have Vincenzo as the head of the Neuromancer team .
After seeing his work , especially his cutting edge use of effects with Splice , we feel that he has both the story telling ability and the command of the visual medium to give this film the treatment it deserves .
In Vincenzo's hands we think Neuromancer will realize William Gibson 's extraordinary vision of the future while being a big draw at the box office .
" Cool .
I read this book once when I was too young to really get it .
So I think it might be time for a revisit .
Splice has divided audiences because of its controversial content , but its universally agreed that Natali is a talent to watch .
He has spoken of his wish to adapt Swamp
Thing for the screen but it does n't look like that 's happening in the near future .
Lets hope Neuromancer opens more CBM doors for him .
FOX News Philadelphia says :
" One zoo in the eastern province of Henan took some stray dogs , and made them into the exotic animals using paint . "
Oh boy .
What 's more insane is that the concept has grown into a national trend with fanatical Chinese pet owners .
Dog grooming goes mad .
Not unlike these sick American pet owners .
Catch the news clip here .
( WOMENSENEWS )
–As the recession takes a deeper toll on jobs , income and wages , more Americans are filling out forms for jobs , unemployment insurance , Medicaid and food stamps .
It ’s a labyrinthine process for anyone .
But for transgender people , it often comes with a particularly upsetting price : outing themselves .
Riley , a 28 - year - old transman working as a teacher ’s aide in New York , who asked that his last name be kept private , began his on - the - job transition without any grand announcement .
He simply turned up for his first day of work at school looking , he thought , like a man .
The children agreed , but the teacher under whom he was working kept calling him " she . "
Having to explain to his adult boss something the children understood instinctively was just the start of the small humiliations .
Unemployment brought new ones , when he had to appear in person to apply for his card for Medicaid .
His paperwork was inconsistent .
He had recently updated his New York State license to identify him as male , but his Social Security card identified him as female .
That ’s because he did n’t meet the federal requirement of having undergone permanent surgery .
His birth certificate also said he was female because his home state of Georgia wo n’t allow him to change it under any circumstances .
‘ I Knew I Had to Explain ’
" The guy who was processing my paperwork was some old guy , so I just sort of threw my papers on the table and stared at my knees , knowing I was going to have to explain , " said Riley .
In the end , Riley said , he allowed his interviewer to determine his gender and ended up with a Medicaid card that , unlike his picture identification , identified him as female .
Without an insurance card that identified him as female , he would not have qualified for gynecological services that he still needed .
Only people whose insurance cards identify them as female are allowed to have their insurance pay for gynecological services .
Mara Keisling of the National Center for Transgender Equality , based in Washington , said that until recently the Social Security Administration was inadvertently outing transgender people to their employers as part of the employment verification process .
When employers would submit I - 9 forms to verify a jobseeker ’s identity , they often checked an optional gender marker on the document .
If the new hire ’s presented gender did n’t match the one in the federal records , the employer would receive a warning notice .
This had the double - whammy effect of both outing people and making them technically ineligible for work .
The Social Security Administration reports it has ended the practice of sending no -match letters to employers over gender markers and the National Center for Transgender Equality reports a drop - off in reports of such incidents .
Passports Cause Border Confusion
Keisling , however , notes that the gender indicator on passports can have the same effect : " Passports are increasingly a gateway document .
Identifying the gender has no national security justification , but it causes confusion for employers and at the borders . "
For that reason , the National Center for Transgender Equality applauded the State Department ’s announcement on June 10 that it would begin to allow passport applicants to have the gender marker on their passport reflect their identity with a doctor ’s certification that they are receiving " appropriate clinical treatment . "
Until this policy change , which also applies to birth certificates the State Department issues to U.S. nationals born abroad , federal law did n’t acknowledge a transgender person ’s transition unless it involved " permanent , irreversible gender surgery . "
This often meant transgender people could not change any federal identity documents , leaving their identities open to questions .
Despite the State Department ’s policy chance , the Social Security Administration still requires surgery to allow people to change their gender in its records .
In some cases , the government ’s squeamishness about defining what counts as gender surgery has left some wiggle room for transgender people who do n’t have genital reassignment surgery and the surgeons who work with them : any secondary sex characteristic that can be modified through surgery , such as breast implants or removal , might count .
But such procedures are often considered elective , which creates a chicken - and - egg problem .
While transgender people might prefer to seek jobs in their new identities , their lack of employer - sponsored health coverage often prevents them from having the required procedures and surgeries to make that possible .
Workplace publicity and confusion often intensifies the problem of seeking and holding on to work .
Jetta , a transwoman who asked that her last name be kept confidential , began her transition quite openly at work .
She knew that her job in tech support at a state university , which she asked not be named , provided protection against discrimination for transgender people .
The Elephant in the Room
" Everyone started tiptoeing around me , " she said in a recent interview .
" It was almost worse than the awkward , intrusive questions I get asked .
No one likes being the elephant in the room . . . The motivation behind not making any comments , behind not talking to me , is that they were afraid if they said something and I went to HR and said I ’d been made to feel awkward , they ’d be forced to attend a seminar .
They were more afraid of that , a seminar on tolerance , than even losing their jobs . "
Eventually , Jetta left her job and moved to the Bay Area , expecting her employment situation to get easier .
But , it did n’t .
In this economy , she said , it seemed like employers were constantly looking for reasons not to hire people .
" Every job interview becomes a poker game . . .
They always ask about your private life . . .
You either have to lie to hide your identity , and I cannot lie about who I am , or you tell them and find out that they did n’t want to know , " she said .
In 2009 , the National Center for Transgender Equality and the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force issued the first comprehensive report on , among other things , the impact of the recession on transgender people .
Its study of nearly 6,500 individuals showed that transgender people are twice as likely to be unemployed as other Americans , and face even higher rates of unemployment if they are people of color .
In 38 states , it remains legal to discriminate against transgender people in the workplace .
Researchers also found that harassment on the job was nearly universal , even in states that offer employment protections based on gender identity .
One piece of legislation that could help transgender people not only prove discrimination but do something about it is the Employment Non-Discrimination Act , which was introduced by Congressman Barney Frank , D - Mass . , in the House and Sen. Jeff Merkley , D - Ore. , in the Senate .
In response to the divisive passage in 2007 of a nondiscrimination bill that excludes transgender people , both bills are transgender inclusive .
However , recent reports indicate that they are far from perfect when it comes to how employers may be allowed to differentiate and treat transgender employees .
Both chambers of Congress held hearings last year and Frank continues to insist the legislation will pass the House , but most observers now think that it is too late in the year to get the legislation through the Senate .
Megan Carpentier is a freelance writer whose work has appeared in RH Reality Check , the Women ’s Media Center , the Washington Independent and The Guardian ’s " Comment is free . "
She recently served as the editor of news and politics at Air America and was an editor at Jezebel.com .
For more information :
National Center for Transgender Equity :
http://transequality.org/
Morgan is expected to quit his role on Britain 's Got Talent and base himself permanently in the US .
Simon Cowell has also indicated that he will not take part in the early audition stages of the talent show , leaving its future in some doubt .
A Ramble Through Erlang IO Lists
The IO List is a handy data type in Erlang , but not one that 's often discussed in tutorials .
It 's any binary .
Or any list containing integers between 0 and 255 .
Or any arbitrarily nested list containing either of those two things .
Like this :
[ 10 , 20 , " hello " , <<" hello " ,65 > > , [ <<1,2,3 >> , 0 , 255 ] ]
The key to IO lists is that you never flatten them .
They get passed directly into low - level runtime functions ( such as file : write_file ) , and the flattening happens without eating up any space in your Erlang process .
Take advantage of that !
Instead of appending values to lists , use nesting instead .
For example , here 's a function to put a string in quotes :
quote( String ) -> $ " ++ String ++ $ " .
If you 're working with IO lists , you can avoid the append operations completely ( and the second " ++ " above results in an entirely new version of String being created ) .
This version uses nesting instead :
quote( String ) -> [ $ " , String , $ " ] .
This creates three list elements no matter how long the initial string is .
The first version creates length ( String ) + 2 elements .
It 's also easy to go backward and un-quote the string : just take the second list element .
Once you get used to nesting you can avoid most append operations completely .
One thing that nested list trick is handy for is manipulating filenames .
Want to add a directory name and " .png " extension to a filename ?
Just do this :
[ Directory , $ / , Filename , " .png " ]
Unfortunately , filenames in the file module are not true IO lists .
You can pass in deep lists , but they get flattened by an Erlang function ( file : file_name / 1 ) , not the runtime system .
That means you can still dodge appending lists in your own code , but things are n't as efficient behind the scenes as they could be .
And " deep lists " in this case means only lists , not binaries .
Strangely , these deep lists can also contain atoms , which get expanded via atom_to_list .
Ideally filenames would be IO lists , but for compatibility reasons there 's still the need to support atoms in filenames .
That brings up an interesting idea : why not allow atoms as part of the general IO list specification ?
It makes sense , as the runtime system has access to the atom table , and there 's a simple correspondence between an atom and how it gets encoded in a binary ; ' atom ' is treated the same as " atom " .
I find I 'm often calling atom_to_list before sending data to external ports , and that would no longer be necessary .
permalink June 13 , 2010
previously
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Friday , June 4 , 2010 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH Windows 7 AutoPlay and Virtual CDs Posted by Sean @ 13:12 GMT
Some folks read Wednesday 's post about autorun - worm infected Samsung Wave microSD cards and commented — thank goodness Windows 7 fixes that issue .
Only optical media is allowed to AutoPlay on Windows 7 , so USB devices can't spread autorun - worms .
Right ?
Well , while Windows 7 does significantly improve the AutoPlay / AutoRun user experience , it is n't bulletproof .
There 's a small , not likely to be exploited , loophole .
Virtual CDs .
For example , Western Digital USB hard drives ship with Virtual CDs on board to install WD's SmartWare software .
You can see the CD device here along with the Passport :
This is how a default Windows XP installation handles the Virtual CD 's autorun.inf :
It just launches the installer program , no questions asked .
Now this is how Windows 7 AutoPlay handles the Virtual CD 's autorun.inf :
The installer on the Virtual CD is the default option , but it does n't launch .
On the plus side , AutoPlay functionality can easily be turned off in Windows 7 :
Do note that this is n't a Windows 7 vulnerability .
From Microsoft's Security Research & Defense blog : " It is worth noting that some smart USB flash drives can pose as a CD / DVD drive instead of standard ones ( see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/U3 for an example ) .
In this specific scenario , the operating system will treat the USB drive as if it is a CD / DVD because the type of the device is determined at the hardware level . "
This is just a curiosity to be aware of — not a flaw .
Bottom - line , do n't let Windows 7's improved handling of AutoPlay give you a false sense of security .
There are more and more USB drives shipping with Virtual CDs , and sooner or later , one of them will be infected during the manufacturing process .
Author ’s Note :
The staff at Elder - Geek would like to extend specific thanks to Dave Pellas of High Voltage Software , our site ’s personal contact within the company at this year ’s E3 expo .
After breaking its exclusivity on Nintendo ’s Wii , High Voltage Software ’s
The Grinder was announced at this year ’s Game Developer ’s Conference to have gone through significant changes for its PS3 , Xbox 360 , and PC version .
The Wii version will retain its first - person zombie blasting style , while those picking up the title on other platforms will be treated to a top - down shooter in the same zombie - destroying vein .
The Grinder on everything - but - the - Wii is built with multiplayer suites in mind , the four character - spread and level layout reminiscent of hack - and - slashers like Baldur ’s Gate : Dark Alliance .
Only on - couch and online multiplayer options were confirmed at the show , with more to be revealed in the coming months .
The game demonstrated at E3 was still alpha build , but the team at High Voltage were more than happy to expand on what we can expect closer to the hopeful release date of Halloween 2011 .
Tangible within the first seconds of cutscene is the game ’s reveling of Grind - house cinema , the ultra- cheap exploitation cinema style that populated urban movie palaces and drive - in theaters throughout the late 60s and 70s .
The playable cast is split between four equally ripe film stereotypes : Mexican bounty hunter Hector , underground monster doctor - cum - hunter Doc , bored Japanese assassin Miko , and the badass urban fighter with a past known as AJ .
The team is rounded up by a mysterious organization going by the contact “ Book , ” charged with stemming ( and investigating ) a massive infestation of a B - movie rogue ’s gallery , from werewolves to vampires to the ever - fun - to - destroy zombies .
But the Grind - house aesthetic does n’t just extend to the purposefully paper - thin plot .
Our demo took us through several stages within a ramshackle mine , populated by masses of undead and the occasional demi-boss werewolf .
Beyond the shifting film filters and projector effects that occasionally popped up through our playthrough , the game felt drenched with the same lenient appreciation of physics that made the z - grade exploitation films so deliriously enjoyable .
Enemies explode in grotesque cartoon - sized bursts of blood and bits , combustible barrels carry approximately 100 times their possible blast radius , and the omnipresent announcer reeks of an overwrought Southern accent as he chews on the scenery like a brick of Velveeta .
In terms of actual action , the game feels less like the Smash TV comparisons its top - down nature will receive , and more of an arcade shooter like Contra .
Weapons came in a tiered - hierarchy , and quickly became one of the major talking points of the producers present in the room .
Progressively more bad - ass death - dealers were dropped from the teeming masses of foes me and the other three players downed in classic feeling bullet hail - fire ; with my Doc nabbing a spread - shot , grenade - like projectile , and ray gun as the demo went on .
Various melee weapons like swords were also available for when ammo was low , and everything ( we are told ) had multiple upgraded forms to unlock as they were used .
Anyone who has played at least one top - down shooter / hack - and - slash can play through this demo on muscle memory alone .
The formula was proudly on display : a series of blocked rooms only unlocked after the defeat of the baddies present within , and separated by a bit of narration / feedback from the Grind - house announcer .
Various points in the environment could be exploited for extra damage , and the larger baddies contained a God of War - like prompt when beat up enough to merit a special fatal attack , usually resulting in a beheading and a gush of the red stuff .
But the traditional nature of the game is relished in , the cheesy brutality strewn along the mine shaft with expected gratuity .
After a handful of rooms were unlocked and passed through , the team of characters would board an elevator and descend to the next series of chambers , separated by a bit too long of a load time ( again , Alpha build ) .
A boss battle was expected at the end of the demonstrated , but technical difficulties prevented it to be loaded .
We were assured by the HVS team , however , to take whatever we thought was coolest at this year ’s show and “ multiply it by a million , ” so take that as the badass , over - the - top grain of salt that it is .
We ’ve all been there before , but probably not like this .
High Voltage Software ’s PS3 - 360 - PC build of the The Grinder is high on its B - movie so - bad - its - good style , its HD - sheen not too proud to hide the decade - worn top - down formula that seems to be making a comeback all over the place in recent months .
The Grind - house plot moves along with decadent cheesiness , chirping up between the killings just long enough to avoid overstaying its welcome .
An arcade - style arsenal keeps the killing fresh , and geysers of blood will never go too far out of style .
Be sure to keep it here at Elder - Geek as we get closer to Halloween 2011 for all your The Grinder updates and news !
Would you pay $ 149 USD for Project Natal ?
According to a report from Edge , that 's what current Xbox 360 owners should expect to pay when the much - hyped motion sensing camera from Microsoft launches later this year .
Advertisement
Edge , citing a " trusted source , " the same individual who fed the outlet details on Gears of War 3's coming out party , also claims the Project Natal accessory will be available as a bundle .
The Xbox 360 Arcade version of the console , plus Natal , will reportedly arrive at $ 299 USD .
Xbox 360 Arcade units are currently going for $ 199 USD , with a pair of games included .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission From amazon Buy now
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Natal at $ 149 may be a better deal than the amount some European retailers were attaching to the device , a price tag that Microsoft called " pure speculation . "
But at fifty bucks shy of the console itself and a couple games , it ain't cheap .
Advertisement
Whether it's too rich for your blood depends on your financial circumstances , but early reaction to the price does n't appear to be overwhelmingly positive .
Natal To Cost $ 149 – Source [ Edge ]
Das umstrittene Bankdaten - Abkommen zwischen der EU und den USA droht auch im zweiten Anlauf im Europaparlament zu scheitern .
Der Entwurf des neuen Vertrages , den die EU - Kommission mit den USA in den vergangenen Wochen ausgehandelt hat , sorgt bei den Abgeordneten in Brüssel für Unmut .
Führende Parlamentarier aus mehreren Fraktionen drohen nach der Lektüre des Textes damit , den Vertrag wie bereits im Februar scheitern zu lassen .
Das Europaparlament muss dem Swift - Abkommen , das US - Fahndern im Kampf gegen den Terrorismus Zugriff auf die Daten europäischer Bankkunden geben soll , zustimmen .
" Die Gefahr besteht , dass das EU - Parlament ein zweites Mal ' Nein ' sagen wird " , sagte der innenpolitische Sprecher der FDP - Fraktion , Alexander Alvaro , am Dienstag .
Die USA müssten verbindliche Zusagen zum Datenschutz machen .
" In der Substanz des Abkommens hat sich nur wenig geändert " , kritisierte auch der Grünen - Abgeordnete Jan Philipp Albrecht .
Auch aus den großen Fraktionen von Sozialisten und Christdemokraten kommt Kritik .
Sie richtet sich vor allem gegen die lange Speicherfrist der Daten von fünf Jahren sowie dagegen , größere Pakete von Daten ohne Einzelfallprüfung weiterzugeben .
Auch das geforderte Klagerecht für betroffene Bürger geht den Parlamentariern nicht weit genug .
Die Abgeordneten fühlen sich unter Zeitdruck : Das EU - Parlament soll nach dem Zeitplan der EU - Kommission bereits im Juli seine Zustimmung geben .
" Das ist das größte Problem , weil das Parlament seine Kritik nicht in die neue Verhandlungsrunde einbringen könnte " , sagte Albrecht .
Bis Ende Juni soll nach Angaben der EU - Kommission ein Vertragstext vorliegen , dem das Parlament und die EU - Minister zustimmen müssen .
Das erste fertig ausgehandelte Abkommen war im Februar am Nein des Europaparlaments gescheitert .
( vbr )
Via Greg Sargent at The Plum Line , America hates British Petroleum :
Do you have a very favorable , somewhat favorable , somewhat unfavorable or very unfavorable impression of BP ?
4 % Very favorable
18 % Somewhat favorable
39 % Somewhat unfavorable
33 % Very unfavorable
Who should pay for the clean - up from the oil leak -- the companies who were drilling for oil , the government or both ?
Every year , I try to set a few hours aside to work on one of my upstream projects , pastebinit .
This is one of these projects which mostly “ just works ” with quite a lot of users and quite a few of them sending merge proposals and fixes in bug reports .
I ’m planning on uploading pastebinit 1.3 right before Feature Freeze , either on Wednesday or early Thursday , delaying the release as much as possible to get a few last translations in .
If you speak any language other than English , please go to :
https://translations.launchpad.net/pastebinit
Any help getting this as well translated as possible would be appreciated , for Ubuntu users , you ’ll have to deal with it for the next 5 years , so it ’s kind of important 🙂
Now the changes , they ’re pretty minimal but still will make some people happy I ’m sure :
Finally merged pbget / pbput / pbputs from Dustin Kirkland , these 3 tools let you securely push and retrieve files using a pastebin .
It ’s using a mix of base64 , tar and gpg as well as some wget and parsing to retrieve the data .
These are nice scripts to use with pastebinit , though please do n’t send huge files to the pastebins , they really are n’t meant for that 😉
These are nice scripts to use with pastebinit , though please do n’t send huge files to the pastebins , they really are n’t meant for that 😉
Removed stikked .com from the supported pastebins as it ’s apparently dead .
Now the new pastebins :
http://paste.drizzle.org thanks to Monty Taylor
http://paste.openstack.org thanks to Soren Hansen
http://paste.pocoo.org thanks to Stefano Rivera
http://paste.pound-python.org thanks to well … me
paste.debian.net should now work fine with the ‘ - f ’ ( format ) option , thanks for their work on making their form pastebinit - friendly .
pastebinit should now load pastebin definition files properly from multiple locations .
Starting with /usr / share / pastebin.d , then going through /etc / pastebin.d , /usr/local/etc/pastebin.d , ~/.pastebin.d and finally < wherever pastebinit is >/.pastebin.d
Starting with /usr / share / pastebin.d , then going through /etc / pastebin.d , /usr/local/etc/pastebin.d , ~/.pastebin.d and finally < wherever pastebinit is >/.pastebin.d
A few other minor improvements and fixes merged by Rolf Leggewie over the last year or so , thanks again for taking care of these !
Testing of the current trunk before release would also be greatly appreciate , you can get the code with : bzr branch lp: pastebinit
Bug reports are welcome at : https://launchpad.net/pastebinit/+filebug
Taste the Local Difference links shoppers and retail buyers to area farms .
Healthy Food for
All helps families and schools serve fresh local food .
Get Farming !
connects farmers to training and business resources .
So it looks like our plane - based message of congratulations will be soaring high above The Breakers in Palm Beach this evening .
That 's where Rush Limbaugh 's super - secret wedding will now be taking place .
And Elton John is supposedly performing !
What ?
Page2 Live 's Jose Lambiet reports that 400 people attended a Hawaiian - themed rehearsal dinner at the hotel last night and they 'll be back there this evening along with 50 private security guards who have been hired to lock down the hotel .
And Elton John has apparently forgotten that Rush Limbaugh is one of America 's most notorious homophobes who likes to horrible things about gay people because he 's supposedly scheduled to serenade the couple .
Maybe it was a bout of temporary amnesia brought on by a sudden increase in cash flow , since Page2 Live says Rush is reportedly paying Elton more than $ 1 million to perform ?
All very interesting !
In any event , we 've notified the pilot of the change in location and he 's adjusted the flight plan to make sure no one misses the banner .
Stay tuned for our aerial message to Rush .
Previously
Help Us Congratulate Rush Limbaugh on His Wedding Day
Wall Street Journal
RELATED :
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Jordan is set on becoming the Middle East 's newest nuclear power , Jordanian King Abdullah told thein an interview over the weekend .
In the interview , King Abdullah accused Israel of pressuring countries like South Korea and France not to provide nuclear technology to Jordan .
He said Israel 's " underhanded " actions had helped bring Jordanian - Israeli relations to their lowest point since the 1994 peace agreement .
" There are countries , Israel in particular , that are more worried about us being economically independent than the issue of nuclear energy , and have been voicing their concerns , " King Abdullah stated .
" There are many such reactors in the world and a lot more coming , so [ the Israelis should ] go mind their own business .
" Large deposits of uranium were found in Jordan and the government is eager to develop these energy resources to decrease its dependence on oil imports .
The US , on the other hand , would like Amman to commit to importing its nuclear fuel to prevent the possibility of any uranium being diverted for military purposes .
Under the Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) that Jordan has signed , Amman retains the right to produce its own uranium fuel .
In a seeming reference to Iran 's contentious nuclear program , King Abdullah advocated an open approach to Jordanian nuclear development to assuage international security concerns .
" I believe nuclear energy in Jordan will be done in such a way where it is a public - private partnership so everyone can see exactly what 's going on , " Abdullah said in the interview .
" If we can be the model of transparency , it will push others . "
British Columbia 's homeless suffered from severe mental health challenges long before they lost their homes , a new study has found .
Discrimination biggest barrier to treating mental illness read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
And more than half of Vancouver 's homeless and mentally ill suffer from schizophrenia , according to preliminary data from another study .
These findings were among the research presented Monday at a " Health of the Homeless " summit in Vancouver .
Mental illness came first
" Health challenges , and especially trauma experience among homeless individuals , start much earlier then actual living in substandard housing , very often in childhood or critical developmental periods , " said Dr. Michael Krausz , who holds the LEEF Chair for Addiction Research at UBC .
Krausz presented results of a recent study of 500 homeless British Columbians found in Vancouver , Victoria and Prince George .
Among other objectives , the study was designed to address the chicken - or - egg question that has plagued homeless policymakers for decades :
Do people lose their housing due to their mental challenges ?
Or do they become ill as a result of losing their home ?
The results were unequivocal : More than half of the men and women in the large study group were found to have suffered from both physical and emotional abuse , often at an early age .
More than seven out of every 10 women were also victims of sexual abuse , along with three in 10 men .
In addition to being frequent victims of childhood abuse , the majority of homeless British Columbian are also parents : 71 per cent had one or more children , and 25 per cent had two or more .
Schizophrenia common in Vancouver
Another study found that more than half of the homeless and mentally ill Canadians enrolled in the Vancouver portion of the landmark At Home / Chez Soi study suffer from schizophrenia .
Among that Vancouver study 's " higher needs " subgroup -- who include many long - term homeless -- fully 72 per cent are affected by the mental disorder , which commonly manifests as auditory hallucinations , paranoid delusions , or disorganized speech and thinking .
The At Home / Chez Soi research demonstration project is investigating mental health and homelessness in five Canadian cities .
Vancouver researchers have already enrolled 255 of a planned 500 participants .
" We 're trying to recruit in a way that give us a representative sample of the Vancouver homeless population , " said Dr. Julian Somers , who leads the Vancouver portion of the project .
The Vancouver homeless reported heavy use of emergency services : 58 per cent had been to emergency rooms within the last six months , and 32 per cent were arrested by police within the past six months .
There were also found to be remarkably upbeat .
Fully 73 per cent agreed with the statement , " I am hopeful about my future . "
" They believe in themselves , " Somers told the conference .
" We have to do likewise . "
Homeless treatment paradox
Dr. Christian G. Schutz , who serves as medical manager for the Burnaby Centre for Mental Health and Addiction , described a " homeless treatment paradox " in which those most in need tend to get the least care .
As an example , Schutz described the fate facing individuals with fetal alcohol syndrome .
Though they tend to be intellectually capable as adults , 80 per cent are unable to live independently .
But because British Columbia requires that an individual have an IQ of less than 70 in order to qualify for long - term support services , Schutz said those with fetal alcohol syndrome are systematically excluded from care and consigned to homelessness by the province .
Outreach workers report an extremely high prevalence of fetal alcohol syndrome among the homeless .
" Concurrent disorders are more central than had been recognized before , " Schutz told the conference .
" Those with concurrent disorders ... are more likely to be Aboriginal , more likely to live on the street ...
And two to three times more likely to not receive the help they need . "
" Gary had certain wishes [ to exclude his parents ] .
I 'm not going to go against a dying man 's wishes , " Bridges continued .
" There 's a reason why he did n't speak to them for 23 years . "
In 1989 , Coleman successfully sued his parents and a former business adviser for misappropriating his multimillion - dollar trust fund from his Diff 'rent Strokes days .
But the estragement has n't prevented Sue and Willie Coleman from inserting themselves into what may be a fight over the late actor 's body and putting a question mark on his funeral — currently scheduled for Saturday in Utah .
Days after calling for an investigation into his death , the Colemans have hired an attorney in Salt Lake City and are planning to seek custody of their son's remains for burial in his native Zion , Ill .
Coleman 's ex-manager , Victor Perillo , speaking on the parents ' behalf , said the fact the former child star was secretly divorced from wife Price means they are the legal custodians of Coleman 's remains and not her — even though Price had the final say on whether to take Gary off life support , and gave the final order to do so .
" All they want is for their son to come home , which is all they wanted for years before their son got taken away from them by a group of people who think they own actors , " Perillo told E ! News Thursday .
" The Colemans are not attacking anybody , all they want is his body back , " he said .
" There has been a lot in the press about how they stole money , but they never stole a dime . "
According to Perillo , it was Coleman 's former accountant who was the real target of his animosity .
" It was the accountant / business manager , not his parents , " Perillo said , " but all we hear is that [ Sue and Willie ] took money from the kid .
Meanwhile , two months after Diff 'rent Strokes is off the air , they went back to work .
Sue is a nurse and Will works in a factory .
They have been working for 22 years .
Where is all this money they supposedly stole ?
They have lost him twice : First , when people took him away at 19 , and now they lose him at death and these people are still fighting for him . "
" We want his legacy to be about his magnificent talent and not this nonsense , " Perillo added .
Also today , Prince defended her decision to allow doctors to take Coleman off life support .
In an interview with TMZ , she said that once Coleman had lapsed into a coma after suffering an intracranial hemorrhage in a fall in their Utah home , she believed there was no hope .
" I do n't want people to be so hard on me thinking that I had to pull the plug too early .
He would n't have made it anyway .
His heart would have just given out , " she said .
" But you know , be in my situation .
I mean look what happened with Terri Schiavo .
I always think of her case — always when it comes to this .
" I mean Gary was gone .
His eyes were dilated .
He was n't ... he was just gone . "
Bridges , meanwhile , said that his former pal had recently had heart surgery , in addition to a history of kidney problems and seizures , and asked fans to remember Coleman kindly , despite his sometimes troubled adulthood .
" Imagine having major health problems .
Imagine getting ripped off of all your money .
Imagine being raised in a household where he was n't taught how to love himself or to love others around him , " said Bridges .
" So when he hit the world at an adult age , he was n't prepared . "
Coleman died last Friday .
He was just 42 .
— Additional reporting by Ashley Fultz
( Originally published June 3 , 2010 , at 3:45 p.m. PT )
Judicial Activistism on the Supreme Court ?
During Elena Kagan ’s politically charged senate confirmation hearing , some Republican senators tried in vain to create criticism of Obama ’s Supreme Court nominee because she was U.S. Supreme Court Thurgood Marshall ’s law clerk .
In fact , the late Supreme Court justice ’s name was invoked 35 times .
Utah Republican Senator Orin Hatch painted Kagan ’s mentor as an “ activist ” judge .
But lets be honest and get rid of the myth that only judges who support civil rights are “ activist ” judges – because judicial activism cuts both ways .
The more important question is why do these Republicans remain silent when judicial activism comes from their own corner and conservative Supreme Court justices radically depart from precedent ?
Certainly the recent United States Supreme Court ’s controversial decision in Citizens United which gave corporations “ rights ” the federal constitution never contemplated should be considered blatant activism .
Corporations are not citizens ; they do not vote and do not deserve the panoply of rights accorded to individuals .
Yet the activist 5 - 4 Supreme Court reversed precedent to substitute personal political preferences for corporations and special interests against democracy .
In Bush v. Gore , the U.S. Supreme Court 5 - 4 majority usurped Florida ’s election law by relying upon the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to determine there was no time to create a system that was fair to both Bush and Gore .
But Florida already had a “ fair ” election process which was codified .
So the Florida Supreme Court ’s interpretation of its state election law should have been followed under the “ states ’ rights ” doctrine .
Speaking of judicial activism – both United States Supreme Court Justices Samuel Alito and Antonin Scalia are members of a Federalist Society – an organization that advocates a roll back of civil rights .
Bush nominee Justice John Roberts claims he had no recollection of membership in the Federalist Society , but according to the Washington Post , Roberts was listed as a 97 - 98 member of the organization .
Other right wing members include Senator Orrin Hatch , Kenneth Starr , and Robert Bork .
Robert Bork supported the rights of southern states to impose a poll tax on voters .
If you recall , Bork was nominated for the Supreme Court in 1987 by President Ronald Reagan and rejected by the senate during his own confirmation hearing because some senators were concerned with his divergent legal views .
If Justice Thurgood Marshall was an “ activist ” because he upheld civil rights based upon the federal constitution , Elena Kagan was indeed fortunate to have a mentor who was a brilliant jurist who understood the federal constitution , civil rights and voting rights .
As President John F. Kennedy said : “ In giving rights to others which belong to them , we give rights to ourselves and to our country . ”
Tracy Emblem
Tracy Emblem is an attorney in Escondido .
“ I got more out of reading this little e-book than just about any other computer - related book I ’ve ever read on any topic that I can possibly think of .
Whoa . ”
“ I can honestly say that this is the first book I ’ve read about software development that has been able to reignite my passion for the process .
It is an incredible and very relevant book .
Thank you guys for publishing it . ”
- Anthony Papillion
Remember why unions were formed in the first place — to protect workers from being taken advantage of ?
Nowadays , the rank - and - file mostly need protection from their own leadership .
Daniel Hughes , former head of the Field Supervisor Association representing Port Authority workers , pleaded guilty in Brooklyn federal court this week to looting $ 300,000 in members ’ dues over five years .
The union heavyweight allegedly used the money for Queens hotel trysts with hookers , casino getaways and high - priced dinners .
A rare occurrence ?
Hardly .
Last May , ex-Central Labor Council boss and former Queens Assemblyman Brian McLaughlin was sentenced to 10 years for embezzlement — including from the electricians union he once ran .
Other examples abound .
A not - exhaustive rap sheet — partly tracked by the DC - based National Legal and Policy Center — includes :
* Aug. 5 , 2009 : Michael Forde , ex-head of the city ’s District Council of Carpenters , was hit with a 29 - count indictment for taking bribes from members — in exchange for allowing them to avoid mandatory contributions to their pension funds .
Forde beat similar charges several years before .
* Feb. 11 , 2010 : Anthony Rumore , ex-president of Scarsdale ’s Teamsters Local 812 , pleaded guilty in federal court to making false statements related to extorting free labor out of his membership .
* Feb. 16 , 2010 : Thomas Pokrywczynski , former secretary - treasurer of Buffalo - area Amalgamated Transit Union Local 1342 , pleaded guilty in federal court to theft of $ 254,000 in union funds .
* Feb. 17 , 2010 : Melissa King , former benefits administrator of the “ Sandhogs ” tunnel - digging union , was indicted for embezzling some $ 40 million from three benefit funds she oversaw .
* April 21 , 2010 : Wayne Mitchell , ex-president of Communications Workers of America Local 14170 ( representing mailroom workers ) , pleaded guilty in a Manhattan federal court to embezzling $ 200,000 .
* April 23 , 2010 : Mitchell ’s immediate successor , Larry DeAngelis , pleaded guilty to stealing $ 60,000 from the union .
* May 11 , 2010 : Peter Thomassen , assistant supervisor of the above - mentioned carpenters union , resigned after a report showed huge amounts of spending on lavish parties , junkets and steak dinners .
An indictment is anticipated .
An epidemic ?
So it would seem .
Rank - and - file members can be forgiven for suspecting that there ’s something about organized labor that attracts leadership of a criminal bent .
Position : Center
Age : 18
Date of Birth : April 2 , 1992
Place of Birth : Richmond Hill , ON
Height : 6 ' Weight : 195 lb
Shoots : Right
The # 1 pick in the OHL's 2008 entry draft , John McFarland came to the Sudbury Wolves with a lot of expectations , having torn through the OPJHL with 96 goals and 68 assists in 46 games .
Since then , his star has fallen a bit - after many thought he would be in the top ten , he 's settled into a lower tier .
Though some of his reduced scoring can be put down to injuries , there are a lot of questions about his production dropping once he reached a higher level of competition , and concerns about his on ice judgement and work ethic - many scouts are concerned that he is n't applying his full effort .
2009 - 2010 Regular Season Stats :
GP G A PTS +/- PIM 64 20 30 50 - 1 70
Scouting Report : ( The Scouting Report )
McFarland came into the season with very high expectations , and failed to live up to them after a mediocre showing .
Despite what many would consider to be a disastrous year , McFarland is a player that plays a lot better with high caliber players , leading to the notion that he might actually be a better professional player , then in the OHL .
He ’s got NHL speed , and an NHL shot , but his lack of hockey sense and poor positional play will be the biggest detriments to his development .
McFarland has a lot of tools that are going to be very attractive to NHL scouts .
Namely , he ’s an incredible skater , maybe a step behind Taylor Hall , but very close .
He ’s got an NHL shot with a great release , although he needs to use it more .
Also despite not being extremely tall , he ’s already got NHL ready size .
While that sounds enticing , there is cause for concern .
McFarland ’s positional play definitely leaves something to be desired as he often is out of position in his own end and loses positional matchups .
He also does n’t see the ice very well and struggled to develop any real chemistry with any of his line - mates .
One of the other things that McFarland needs to improve on is getting to the traffic areas on the ice .
Often times he settles for outside shots as he seems to be driven towards scoring the glamorous goals instead of just crashing the net and getting a few ugly ones as well .
Why He'd Be A Good Fit In Columbus :
Well , actually , much like Mike 's look at Jeff Skinner , I have my doubts about McFarland as well .
On the one hand , it 's clear this guy has offensive talent and great skating ability when he chooses to use it , and the general sense is that the better the talent is around him , the more he commits himself to playing on the ice .
On the other hand , Columbus has had a lot of history with players who may or may not show up in games , and the lack of desire to go into the hard areas of the ice bothers me .
Finally , on the gripping hand , there is the " lack of on - ice judgement " that TSR mentions .
I had to look to find highlights of McFarland scoring - but there 's plenty of videos of him getting into on - ice scraps .
( Notice the 70 PIMs this season ) - all the talent in the world can't help a team if it 's sitting in the penalty box after an ill - advised fight .
Perhaps , if McFarland falls further , he might be worth a look .
Columbus does have an additional second round pick this year thanks to the Raffi Torres deal .
I might be willing to take a chance on McFarland if he 's still around by the 55th pick .
McFarland In Action :
( Fast forward to 1:00 )
( Fast forward to 4:45 )
A Special Guest Post by my friend Richie Thimmaiah , Admin / webmaster of Richworks .
You can follow him on twitter @richbugger
40 creative and unique examples of logos using depth
The first thing that comes into our mind when we hear about a company or see their advertisements is their logo .
The amount of simplicity , yet creativity instilled into such logos makes them withstand the test of times .
The more distinctive a logo is , the more recognizable it becomes .
The more complex a logo is , however , the less likely it will be that people will remember it .
Designing a logo is not an easy job .
It needs inspiration and creativity beyond everyday thinking to create phenomenal logos .
One of the many ways to add a distinct feel to a logo is by giving it depth .
By adding the right gradients and the perfect colours , depths can be added to your logos .
This will make the logo look as if they are cast in a 3 dimensional space .
Here are a few examples of logos which possess the characteristic of depth .
Big Brands Logos
As Congress rushes this week to complete the most far - reaching financial reform plan in decades , the banking industry is mounting an 11th - hour end run .
Industry lobbyists  and sympathetic members of Congress  are pushing for provisions to undercut a central pillar of the legislation , known as the Volcker Rule , which would forbid banks from using their own money to make risky wagers on the market and would force them to sell off hedge funds and private equity units .
To secure the support needed for their bill , Senate negotiators are leaning toward creating a series of exemptions to the Volcker Rule that would allow banks to continue to operate these businesses as investment funds that hold only client money , according to several Congressional aides , industry officials and lawyers .
The three main changes under consideration would be a carve - out to exclude asset management and insurance companies outright , an exemption that would allow banks to continue to invest in hedge funds and private equity firms , and a long delay that would give banks up to seven years to enact the changes .
( CNN ) --
Flags flew at half - staff outside the Cherokee Nation 's headquarters in Talequah , Oklahoma , on Tuesday in honor of Wilma Mankiller , the first woman to lead the Native American tribe .
Mankiller died Tuesday morning at age 64 after a battle with pancreatic cancer , Cherokee leaders announced .
Her successor , Chad Smith , called Mankiller " the iconic leader of the tribe . "
Mankiller served 10 years as principal chief of the Cherokee , the second - largest U.S. tribe , and became its first freely elected leader in 1987 .
President Clinton awarded her the Medal of Freedom , the highest U.S. civilian honor , in 1998 .
She was born in Oklahoma , where most of the Cherokee had been exiled by the U.S. government in the 1830s , but moved to California with her family in the 1950s .
She returned to Oklahoma in 1977 to work for the tribe 's community development agency and is credited with improving health care , education and tribal governance during her administration .
" She captured what we firmly believed was true leadership , " Smith said Tuesday afternoon .
" She believed in our history , our culture .
And she understood the position of a woman , and that is to lead her people , and she did so with grace , humility , decisiveness and with vision . "
Mankiller is survived by her husband , Charlie Soap , and two daughters , Gina and Felicia , Smith said .
" We all are better people for the leadership of Wilma Mankiller , " Smith said .
Rand Paul Deflects Attempts by Rachel Maddow to Depict Him as a Racist
In an interview between Rachel Maddow and Kentucky Senate candidate Rand Paul , a discussion is setup by Maddow to expose Dr. Rand Paul ’s thoughts on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .
The entire interview was setup from the beginning and continued to focus on a particular belief that Dr. Paul has about a particular aspect of the bill .
The Video ( Part 1& 2 ) :
Some statements made by Dr. Rand Paul regarding his position on the Civil Rights Act :
“ I believe we should work to end all racism in American society and staunchly defend the inherent rights of every person .
I have clearly stated in prior interviews that I abhor racial discrimination and would have worked to end segregation .
Even though this matter was settled when I was 2 , and no serious people are seeking to revisit it except to score cheap political points , I unequivocally state that I will not support any efforts to repeal the Civil Rights Act of 1964 . ”
“ Let me be clear : I support the Civil Rights
Act because I overwhelmingly agree with the intent of the legislation , which was to stop discrimination in the public sphere and halt the abhorrent practice of segregation and Jim Crow laws . ”
“ As I have said in previous statements , sections of the Civil Rights Act were debated on Constitutional grounds when the legislation was passed .
Those issues have been settled by federal courts in the intervening years . ”
“ My opponent ’s statement on MSNBC Wednesday that I favor repeal of the Civil Rights Act was irresponsible and knowingly false .
I hope he will correct the record and retract his claims . ”
“ The issue of civil rights is one with a tortured history in this country .
We have made great strides , but there is still work to be done to ensure the great promise of Liberty is granted to all Americans . ”
“ This much is clear :
The federal government has far overreached in its power grabs .
Just look at the recent national healthcare schemes , which my opponent supports .
The federal government , for the first time ever , is mandating that individuals purchase a product .
The federal government is out of control , and those who love liberty and value individual and state ’s rights must stand up to it . ”
“ These attacks prove one thing for certain : the liberal establishment is desperate to keep leaders like me out of office , and we are sure to hear more wild , dishonest smears during this campaign . ”
What are your thoughts ?
Please comment below .
Lets try to keep this an intellectual debate and not a personal one .
Comments
MEXICO CITY ( AP ) — Mexico announced some of the toughest restrictions in its history on dollar cash transactions Tuesday to fight money laundering that is fueling an increasingly bloody drug war .
Tourists and Mexicans without bank accounts will be limited to exchanging a maximum of $ 1,500 per month , Finance Secretary Ernesto Cordero said .
The measure is meant to help stem the flood of about $ 10 billion per year in suspicious cash flows possibly linked to drug trafficking .
The billions have bought the heavy weaponry that drug gangs are using in attacks on police , such as an ambush Monday in the western state of Michoacan that killed 12 officers .
If such sophisticated , mass attacks continue , June is on track to be one of the bloodiest months since President Felipe Calderon launched an anti-drug offensive shortly after taking office in late 2006 .
Federal police anti-drug chief Ramon Pequeno blamed the attack on the Michoacan - based La Familia drug cartel , which has become notorious for bold assaults on federal security forces .
Police described it as a planned ambush in which cartel gunmen blocked a road with a bus and opened fire with assault rifles .
Also Monday , gunmen killed three federal officers in the northern city of Chihuahua , and inmates at a prison in northern Signal state used guns apparently smuggled inside to shoot to death 21 other prisoners , in what officials said appeared to be an inter - gang dispute .
At least eight other inmates were later stabbed to death in apparent reprisal attacks at the same prison .
The dozens of deaths on Monday followed a particularly bloody pair of weeks .
Last week , armed commandos killed 16 people in one day in the northern city of Ciudad Madero , and gunmen burst into a drug rehab center in Chihuahua and shot to death 19 men .
Mexican officials have attributed much of the violence — over 22,700 people deaths in drug - related violence since late 2006 — to turf battles between drug cartels .
But the cartels are also increasingly turning to attacks on police and prosecutors .
On Tuesday , police vowed to fight back , with Pequeno saying federal forces were confident they would catch the cartel gunmen responsible for the ambush and detain their chiefs .
" The main objective now is to arrest the leaders of the criminal organizations , " he said at a news conference announcing the detention of a top aide to U.S. - born drug capo Edgar Valdez Villarreal , alias " La Barbie , " and six alleged henchmen .
The influx of suspect U.S. dollars has also contaminated legitimate Mexican businesses , according to the banking industry .
" The problem is in the formal , legal economy , where we have seen an unusual increase in transactions carried out in dollars , " Luis Robles , the vice president of the Mexican Association of Banks , told a news conference .
In recent years , banks have seen an excess of about $ 10 billion in dollar deposits and transactions that cannot be explained by normal business activity .
" This excess is going to decrease substantially ... by limiting the way in which dollars were used so freely in the economy , " Robles said .
Previously there was no such limit and it was possible to buy high - ticket items like cars and houses in cash dollars .
The bank association said tourists would not be inconvenienced by the measure because most use debit or credit cards for most purchases .
Businesses on the border or at tourist destinations would be limited to exchanging a maximum of $ 7,000 per month .
And Mexicans working abroad now use electronic transfers for 96 percent of the remittances they send home .
There would be no restrictions on people using pesos to buy dollars .
The last time Mexico imposed strict restrictions on dollars was during the 1982 financial crisis , when it imposed exchange rates , transaction restrictions and froze some dollar accounts .
Cordero , the finance secretary , said Mexico plans other initiatives for the future , such as making it harder to use cash in large transactions even in pesos .
" Measures will be put in place to restrict and regulate many of the sales transactions that are carried out , not just in dollars but also in pesos , for things like real estate , " Cordero said .
" This is a very important step . "
Postby Tom » Mon Jan 29 , 2007 10:49 am
Now that Marky boy ’s on board , it ’s time to become a proper company .
I say proper , because until recently every day was another stressed - out fire fight .
Until recently , every cash flow I ’d conjured up always showed that we would be flat broke ( again ) in 2 months … .
Some perspective :
We started out in October 2001 with £ 600 – that was £ 200 each .
Mark was at the MOD , Chris was full time at another development company , and I ’d just taken voluntary redundancy from my graduate employer who announced plans to fold , the day before I joined full time .
On October 1st , we launched Uplink , and orders started to come in .
Chris and I were making the CDs ourselves but after a couple of days , sales had escalated to 10 units a day and we were falling behind .
We ’d made enough in the first week to order 3000 pressed CD ’s , so we held orders until this big batch had come in .
Sales steadily grew , until 4 months in , PC Gamer gave the game 80 % , and then sales rocketed .
We ’d made £ 40 k in a single month , and £ 120 k over the previous 4 .
Clearly ( duh ! ) we were on the road to riches and it was n’t long before Mark and I had moved into a really swish mews house close to London ’s fashionable Camden Market .
Then we went to E3 and rinsed £ 10 k in a week on speedboats and fast cars , and when we got back we learned the hard way that in the games industry , you make 75 % of your total revenue for the product in the first 6 months .
Luckily we had a staggered retail release which kept things ok for another 5 - 6 months , but come Christmas 2002 , the mews house was gone and things were looking somewhat bleak .
Strategy
First were n’t paying us for US retail royalties , but we were sure that it would work out , and that the money would be coming soon .
It did n’t .
Within anther 6 months ( by Summer 2003 ) , the company was flat broke and there were no more salaries .
Chris and I signed up on benefits and I started to sell everything I ’ve ever owned ( bar my laptop ) on eBay , right down to the 5 mains plugs I rescued from the skip outside my parents house ( which I ’d now been forced to move back into ) .
Darwinia slipped relentlessly , Strategy First went bust , and 2004 was , financially , awful .
We were making about £ 3 k / month from continued Uplink sales , but all of that went into essential things like accounting fees and web - servers .
Fast Forward to March 2005 , and we released Darwinia !
Initial sales were great – in fact in the opening weekend , we outsold Playboy Mansions in many of the big retailers .
However , despite a 90 % PC Gamer / Format review score sales slowed faster than we ’d hoped ( due to our over optimistic £ 29.99 price point ) , within 6 months , it looked like we ’d start 2006 , back on benefits .
Fortuitously , Valve put Darwinia on Steam in December 05 , and we were in the running again ...… but only just !
By 15th September , the day DEFCON pre-orders were launched , I wrote a cheque for our last £ 1,500 .
With all the launch preparations , we were completely drained of cash - absolutely nothing left .
Luckily for us , and those of you who ’re looking forward to Subversion , DEFCON did much much better than we ever imagined , and the cash rolled in .
Finally now , after 5 hard years , I can rest in bed at night , sound in the knowledge that we have enough cash to keep us going for another 12 months ( by which time something juicy should be out ) .
Mark , Vic and I now have to use this opportunity to tidy up all the loose ends and outstanding issues that were abandoned in a desperate attempt to bail us out of sinking – and there ’s a lot that needs to be done if we ’re going to remain stable and viable in the future – better product support – better financial control – storing marketing assets so that we can actually find them – better chance of actually getting a build within 6 weeks of asking for it ... Surprisingly for our size , we ’re a games company where only 50 % of our team makes games ; the other 50 % makes making the games happen .
The guys making games are on top form … it ’s time for the rest of us to buckle up !
From Valve Developer Community
These are answers to questions I 've recently received in email and at the bottom of this page .
By popular request , the line " plush headcrabs are backordered and will make a return ! " has been added .
Answers
Sep 2006
Do you plan to add the portal technology from Portal to the SDK along with the Episode 2 SDK updates ?
Yes .
Can I get a tour of Valve / Will you autograph something for me ?
Yes and yes .
In either case , send e-mail to Front Desk and CC : me .
Jun 2006
Are you in contact with ArenaNet , developer of Guild Wars ?
Yes .
They are really really smart .
Is the glass of water half full or half empty ?
Half full .
Would you still like to do Prospero ?
Yes .
Right after TF - 2 . ( Team Fortress 2 has since been released . )
Recalling the old rumor that Quentin Tarantino was interested in making a Half - Life movie , would you sign - off on a Half - Life movie ?
If so , would you attempt to convince Quentin Tarantino to direct it ?
The first step is n't a director , it 's having a script that is worth directing .
( Valve has since said that they would like to make a Half - Life movie themselves . )
Would Valve ever consider releasing unused content , which they cut from their games during development , for use by community developers ?
The criteria we use is whether or not it would be useful .
If something were useful , yes , we would release it .
Can I use the upcoming snow shader for DOD :S in my MOD ?
Yes .
The snow shading makes use of two new material parameters ( plus art ) that will be usable in any source engine game when released .
Jan 2006
Is it true Uwe Boll has the rights to make a Half - Life movie ?
Uh , no .
And whoever is winding people up with this rumor , please stop giving out my home phone number .
Are you giving out any information about Team Fortress ?
No .
( TF2 media has since been released . )
Will there be any new content for HL2 : DM ?
Yes .
It 's gated on a team finishing up work on an unannounced project .
Will the riot shield come back for CS:S ?
I doubt it .
Will Friends ever work again ?
John Cook is finishing this up now .
( Friends has since gone live . )
Oct 2005
How many hours a day do you play videogames ?
Typically about two hours a day .
Mainly PC games .
And how many hours a day do you play valve´s games ?
It depends upon where we are in the dev cycle .
When will DoD Source content be added to the SDK ?
End of month , in theory .
This week we are planning on adding the DoD FGD .
( DOD content in the Source SDK has since gone live . )
What kind of car do you drive ?
I have a BMW 745i .
It was the first of the new generation 700 series sold in the state of Washington .
It 's the only car I 've ever owned that reboots as you drive .
The i-drive is one of the most ill - conceived and poorly executed pieces of software I 've owned .
What kind of music do you like ?
I have very eclectic tastes .
Today I 'm listening to Steel Pole Bath Tub .
What kind of beer do you like ??
Singha .
Do you have a hobby ?
Knife collecting .
Sep 2005
How long is Episode 1 ?
We 're aiming for around five hours .
The last time I played through it took me six hours , so your mileage may vary .
What do you think of the Apple Cinema HD Display ?
I 've been using Apple Cinema Displays for several years now with both nVIDIA and ATI display adapters , starting with the original 22 " Cinema Display .
I was tempted for a while by the Samsung 24 " display , but it was n't a big enough step forward and had problems running at its native resolution with DVI inputs .
The 30 " version is great , and I would recommend it as a significant improvement over the 22 " or 23 " versions .
It works fine for games or movies .
I run 2560 by 1600 for my desktop and for games that support that resolution ( e.g. Source games , WoW , ... ) .
I made a half - hearted attempt to get two Apple Cinema HD Displays working simultaneously , but the connectors interfered with each other .
Most of the machines at Valve have Dell 24 " LCD monitors , and a number of people have those set up in dual monitor configurations .
Do you get playable framerates at 2560 by 1600 ?
I get 150 to 170 FPS out of the Counter - Strike : Source VST depending upon what set of tweaks I 'm running that day .
That 's with vsynch disabled , 16X aniso , and 6X AA .
What kind of PC do you have ?
Gabe Newell 's PC Gee , you have a lot of NVIDIA stuff in your PC .
Yep .
How can I get a job in the games business ?
The best thing you can do to both develop the skills you will need and also come to the attention of game developers is to work on a MOD .
About half of Valve comes out of the MOD community , and more and more game companies are recruiting out of MOD teams .
What about the game schools like DigiPen , the Guildhall , Full Sail , ...?
DigiPen is here in the Seattle area so we have the most experience with them .
I think there are 8 former DigiPen students working at Valve right now , and we have n't fired any of them , so ...
Joking aside , DigiPen seems to have prepared them quite well for working here .
I gave a commencement address at the Guildhall , but we have n't hired anyone from there .
The program is different from DigiPen 's ( just look at the curriculum at both schools ) , and a lot of Dallas game developers ( e.g. Graeme Divine , Richard Gray , ... ) are part of the faculty .
I have no experience or direct knowledge of Full Sail .
Overall I think these are fine choices , especially if you are simultaneously part of a MOD team , as that will go a long way towards focusing your studies .
Yahn Bernier 's FAQ
Yahn Bernier answered some questions in email that I thought people would be interested in .
Why did you choose to code your game with C++?
We are constantly evaluating all available tool options and language choice is just one of these tool choices .
C++ was used because the team had experience with C and C++ in previous projects , because we could control the performance characteristics of the compiled code ( a problem you run into with managed code like C# or other schemes like Java ) , and because it facilitated the Source engine ’s ( COM - like ) component requirements .
Of course , we might change to other tools / languages in the future as we evaluate what will make us most efficient at producing the kinds of experiences we are trying to deliver .
What makes a good game developer ?
This is a tough one , since we have developers who are really good in hard to quantify ways and developers who are good in ways that other developers on the team are not .
I can tell you what we look for , generally , when hiring programmers .
We tend to hire generalists rather than those with domain - specific knowledge , we look for strong problem solvers , we look for people who get things done , we look for people who are self - managers , we look for people who have worked on collaborative projects in the past , rather than always preferring to work by themselves .
We do n’t have hard rules about number of years experience , computer science degrees , etc .
We try to get a sense for where we think people will peak in their career trajectories .
We like to hire people from our MOD community because they have shown an ability to create something new and ship it to the world .
What was the most important part of creating the Source engine ?
There were a few important things , the most important , in my opinion , came down to building the right team .
Other significant decisions included knowing what we wanted the products ( HL2 , CS:S , DoD , etc. ) to be rather than just building up technology for the sake of technology .
Other than that , allowing sufficient time for the good ideas to percolate throughout the game and the bad / unimportant ideas to fall away .
When you were still in the planning and concept phase of the Source engine project , what did you envision it to be ?
I think we described it as the highest quality engine in existence that would allow us to create the “ Best Game Ever ” .
Has it become what you envisioned ?
That ’s up to our fans .
Inside the company , we ’re pretty happy with where we ended up and where it ’s heading as we continue to extend the functionality of the engine and improve it .
Would you consider your engine to be a success or a failure ?
I think we would definitely consider it a huge success , not just from a business and financial point of view , but in specific ways which we considered requirements , such as support for multiplayer gaming , support for MODs , integration with the Steam platform .
If you think it is a success , what made it one ?
If you think it is a failure , how could you improve it ?
There is a huge list of improvements that we are working our way through .
I do n’t think there is any large aspect of the engine that we would consider having failed .
We had some tribulations the first few hours after launch where we had n’t prepared Steam for the incredible demand for Half - Life 2 .
That ’s probably not the worst problem to have , but we are always trying to improve the things that need improvement .
Internally , we ’ve never satisfied and we hope that translates into extremely high quality technology and games for our customers .
Which part of the engine are you most proud of ?
There are a bunch of really amazing advances in the engine such as the physics , AI , acting support , improvements to the multiplayer networking layer , and amazing visuals from the renderer .
The less visible thing is that the code for the Source engine is so extensible .
We have a lot of internal work going on adding new features to the engine .
This would have been a lot tougher with our previous technology .
The other thing that I ’m proud of is the sheer power we provide to MOD teams .
We give out a significant portion of the interesting source code to MOD teams for them to tinker with .
I think the area where we did n’t get as much done as we would have liked is on the tools side .
We had great tools , but we got to a point where we had to table a bunch of tool work just to get Half - Life 2 done .
We ’re now going back and investing a bunch of time improving our tools .
This will pay dividends not just to our projects , but to our MOD teams and to our licensees in the future .
Which programs / tools did your team use to create Half - Life 2 once you had the engine set up ?
Would you recommend these programs to mod teams ?
The compilation tool we used at the time we shipped Half - Life 2 was MS Visual C++ 6.0 but we recently transitioned the team to MS Visual Studio .NET 7.1 .
A few years ago we moved our asset / code control from MS Visual Source Safe over to Perforce that was both painful and liberating at the same time .
We continue to use IncrediBuild ( a plugin for MSVC which allows for distributed compilation of C++ code ) .
We have a bevy of internal tools we wrote including map compilation tools and a set of utilities for doing distributed processing to speed up compilation times for maps .
We wrote our own facial animation tool , FacePoser , and our own world - building tool , Hammer .
We mainly use XSI for modeling and animation , but some of the artists use other tools in their day - to - day work in the art pipeline .
Questions for Gabe
Steam
Has Valve checked out the Vapour Project which allows distribution of third party mods ?
Source engine
Will Half - Life : Source and Half - Life Deathmatch : Source content ever be added to the Source SDK like DOD:S ?
Are there any plans to port the Source games to another OS ?
( Source games such as Team Fortress 2 have since been ported to Mac OS X. )
Do you have any advice for the people who cannot afford the recommended tools needed to create a MOD for Source ?
Why are some features such as the MP3 Player not being revealed to the public ?
Why you do n't use parallax mapping in your games , e.g. for effects like in F.E.A.R.?
Would you make engine compatible with NVidia Stereo Drivers ( Stereo Guide ) ?
Would you ever consider adding support for raster image compression schemes ( Namely , those which would not require the payment of additional licensing fees , like JPEG , PNG , or MNG formats , and excluding GIF ) , even if said images are simply localized to Source standards upon loading ?
If so , would you enable this functionality for spraytags ?
How much ( if at all ) would you expect such a system to reduce download sizes for Mods and such ?
Have you considered adding vector image support ?
Any plans related with shader model 4.0 and DirectX 10 ?
Do you use DirectX Asm or HLSL in HL2 ?
Why did you change used graphic API to DirectX in Source ( instead OpenGL in GoldSrc ) ?
Is using Hungarian notation really useful ?
Will you ever include the demo editor from the TF2 Beta into the rest of the source games ?
As I hear it , it was better than the demo editors in the currently released engines .
Valve games
Any plans to include the old assault rifle that could be seen in the Condition Zero Demo Disk in Episode 3 or further games ?
Any plans to include Hydra in Episode Three ?
What are your plans for the game VALVe wants to develop for Nintendo 's Wii ?
Since the Wii is said to be a console for children because there are no really good action games , why not develop a " hardcore game " similar to HL2 or even port HL2 to the Wii to fill this market gap ?
Any plans to port Opposing Force , Blue Shift , or Decay to Source ?
( Fan conversion of Decay announced )
What 's the word so far on bots for DOD:S , HL2 : DM , & HLDM:S ?
Will the Half - Life HD Pack ever be ported to HL:S and HLDM:S ?
Will the issues brought up by the community in the Blue Shift section of the Steam forums ever be addressed ?
What are the odds of a Counter - Strike 1.7 release ?
Are there plans to improve the hostage AI in CS:S ( a good example would be the Condition Zero hostage AI ) ?
Will you ever fix the various errors found in the Half - Life HD Pack ?
Are Blue - Shift and Opposing Force considered canon ?
Who actually wrote the story to the Half - Life games ?
Is it a mix of results and ideas during development or is there a whole script existing with dialogues , scene explanation and the plot ?
If so , was it the creation of one person like the case of Metal Gear Solid ( Hideo Kojima ) or Max Payne ( Sam Lake ) ?
Max Payne 2 is probably the better example since it contained every single thing in detail .
( Marc Laidlaw is credited as the writer for the Half - Life series . )
What will Portal 2 use ?
VPK or GCF ?
Are you going to make another game after Portal 2 and before Episode 3 , and if so , are you prepared for the angry rioters that will storm your building ?
Is there going to be another Half - Life series after EP3 ?
If not are you prepared to have many angry VALVe enthusiasts protest for as long as it takes for you to decide to make it ?
Misc
Why Leasing ?
If you want to upgrade to a brand new car , van or truck without the high price tag & hassle , leasing might just be for you !
Leasing is the smartest way to upgrade what you drive .
It 's affordable , simple and you 're not left with a depreciating asset at the end of your contract .
Vanarama helps you find the perfect vehicle at the very best price .
All you have to do is simply :
Choose your vehicle
Choose how long you want to keep it for
Choose how many miles you 'll do & how much you want to pay upfront
And we 'll take care of the rest .
We 'll get your car delivered free , safe and contactless so you can enjoy driving it until it 's time to upgrade again !
In the Muslim - majority nation of Maldives , a man stunned an audience during questions and answers period in a lecture given by an Islamic cleric , by stating that he had chosen freedom of conscience not to follow Islam .
The man , Mohamed Nazim , was promptly attacked , taken into custody , and has been threatened with death and beheading , or other punishments for choosing his freedom of conscience .
Maldives media are reporting that it is the first time in many hundreds of years that a Maldivian has publicly renounced Islam , since Sultan King Hassan IX converted to Christianity in 1552 and was deposed .
The Maldives constitution mandates that all citizens of Maldives must be Muslims .
A December 2009 study showed the Maldives ( with a 99 percent literacy rate ) to be in the top 5 percent of the worst nations for religious freedom .
It is a nation that has been building its criminal law based on Sharia law , and whose Parliament bans non-Islamic houses of worship .
There have been repeated reports on Maldives government publicly whipping of women and the Maldives is in the bottom rankings of nations with a global gender gap .
The Maldives is also a nation that , on May 13 , 2010 , was elected to be part of the United Nations Human Rights Council ( UNHRC ) .
The Haveeru newspaper reported that Mohamed Nazim came up to ask a question of Islamic cleric Zakir Naik , stating “ Dr Zakir Naik .
I am a Maldivian .
I am still struggling to believe in religion .
That is why I just came to the front of this row .
I was born a Maldivian .
My parents taught me the religion of Islam .
They are good practitioners , actually .
I read a lot of books .
I have read the translation of Quran .
Yet , I still do not believe in a religion .
So what do you say , [ about ] my verdict in Islam ? ”
Islamic cleric Zakir Naik asked “ are you a Muslim ? ” and Mohamed Nazim replied “ I am not . ”
Zakir Naik has a long history of calling for the death penalty for “ apostates ” in both Muslim majority nations and other parts of the world .
The Haveeru newspaper reported that Zakir Naik responded by stating : “ according to Prophetic traditions , every child is born as a Muslim and that a Muslim is one who submits his / her will to God .
In Islam , death penalty should not necessarily be evoked on every person who leaves Islam , but to those who propagate the non-Islamic faith and speak against Islam , he added . ”
The Haveeru newspaper report states that his question “ sparked comments of hatred from an angry crowd of around 11,000 with many calling to kill him and attack him , while Naik was answering the question .
Several people rushed towards Nazim , who was sitting at a back row after moving away from the microphone , as an official of the Islamic Ministry tried to escort him out .
Police , however , came between Nazim and the crowd and escorted him into custody . ”
The Haveeru newspaper report also stated that a crowed gathered outside the police station and demanded that Mohamed Nazim be handed over to the crowd .
The Haveeru newspaper report stated that “ They shouted anti-atheism slogans and called for Nazim ’s beheading . ”
In a separate report , the Haveeru newspaper stated that Maldives Islamic Ministry would arrange for religious “ counseling ” for Mohamed Nazim while he is in custody .
Another report by the Haveeru newspaper stated how Maldives lawyers felt that Mohamed Nazim deserved such counseling before receiving the death penalty or other punishments , stating that : “ While some local lawyers claim Nazim is eligible for punishment both by Maldives laws and Islamic Shari ’a , others argue only Shari ’a could be evoked on him .
Mohamed Ibrahim
Waheed , a defense lawyer said Nazim must first be counseled giving him the chance to repent before considering capital punishment .
‘ First , he should be counseled .
If he does not take the advice and repent , the penalty stated in Shari ’a should be evoked on him .
According to Shari’a , the punishment for apostasy is death , ’ he said .
Waheed further argued that Nazim could be charged under the Religious Unity Act , for disrupting the religious unity of the country .
A state prosecutor who wished to remain anonymous said Nazim could be prosecuted for legal disobedience . ”
The Maldives newspaper Minivan News reports that a Maldives Islamic group is calling for the death of Mohamed Nazim .
Minivan News reports that “ The Islamic Foundation has called for self - declared apostate Mohamed Nazim to be stripped of his citizenship and sentenced to death if he does not repent and return to Islam … Today the Islamic Foundation of the Maldives issued a press statement calling on judges to give Nazim the opportunity to repent ‘ and if he does not , then sentence him to death as Islamic law and Maldivian law agree . ’
” The Islamic Foundation believes that the person who announces apostasy should be punished according to Islamic laws , ’ the NGO said , warning that Nazim represented ‘ a disturbance to the religious views and the religious bonds that exist with Maldivians . ’
‘ Hereby if this man does not do his penance and come back to the Islamic religion , the Islamic Foundation of the Maldives calls to take the citizenship away from this man as mentioned in the Maldivian constitution . ’
If case crossed into areas not covered by the laws of the country , ‘ then the judges should rely on Islamic law , ’ the NGO stated , as per article 142 of constitution which says judiciary shall look into Islamic shar ’ia on matters not covered in law , and sentence accordingly . ”
Malaysian Miadhu news also reported on such calls for the death of Mohamed Nazim in their story “ Islamic Foundation calls on death sentence for Nazim , if not repented “
According to the constitution of Maldives , “ The judges are independent , and subject only to the constitution and the law .
When deciding matters on which the Constitution or the law is silent , judges must consider Islamic Shari’ah . ”
The speaker at the Maldives event that Mohamed Nazim attended , Zakir Naik , has a long history of calling for violence against those who choose their universal human right of freedom of conscience and leave Islam .
Religious extremist Zakir Naik has repeatedly called for denying human beings their universal human rights of freedom of conscience , calling those who leave Islam as “ traitors . ”
The London Times has quoted Zakir Naik as stating that “ People who change their religion should face the death penalty . ”
In a widely broadcast video , Zakir Naik has called for the death penalty for those who leave Islam and promote another religion as “ apostates . ”
In the broadcast , Zakir Naik states “ if a Muslim becomes a non-Muslim and propagates his / her new religion , then it is as good as treason .
There is a ‘ death penalty ’ in Islam for such a person .
In many countries , the punishment for treason is also death .
If an army general discloses his army ’s secrets to another country , then there is a ‘ death penalty ’ or life imprisonment for such a person according to the laws of most of the countries .
In the broadcast , Zakir Naik also states that the death penalty for leaving Islam ( “ apostasy ” ) should also apply to “ non-Muslim countries . ”
Zakir Naik also challenges other “ Islamic scholars ” who believe in such death penalty for “ apostates ” to extend such defiance of religious freedom not just to Muslim majority nations , but to the entire world .
Zakir Naik states
“ If these scholars are really righteous people then they must welcome their own principle ( of death for apostates ) in the non-Muslim countries as well . ”
Zakir Naik has also reportedly stated that women must cover themselves , and reject “ revealing Western dress , ” or they are “ susceptible to rape . ”
Zakir Naik is infamously known for his defense of Osama Bin Laden and stating that “ every Muslim should be a terrorist . ”
Zakir Naik has recently been given permission to give a tour and speak on his interpretation of Islam throughout the United Kingdom .
===================================
Responsible for Equality And Liberty ( R.E.A.L. ) promotes freedom of religion and freedom of conscience as our unqualified , universal human rights .
We challenge those who deny such universal human rights , including the right to change one ’s religion as defined in Article 18 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
Article 18 of the UDHR reads : “ Everyone has the right to freedom of thought , conscience and religion ; this right includes freedom to change his religion or belief , and freedom , either alone or in community with others and in public or private , to manifest his religion or belief in teaching , practice , worship and observance . ”
===================================
Media Reports :
Haveeru : Maldivian renounces Islam , gets attacked by Zakir Naik audience
Haveeru : Islamic Ministry to counsel Maldivian who renounced Islam
Haveeru :
What will happen to the Maldivian who renounced Islam ?
Minivan News : Islamic Foundation calls for death sentence if apostate fails to repent
Miadhu : Islamic Foundation calls on death sentence for Nazim , if not repented
Miadhu : Dr. Zakir Naik Confirmed to lecture in the Maldives
London Times : “ Muslim preacher of hate is let into Britain ” — Zakir Naik
R.E.A.L. Maldives Reports :
Maldives : Man Attacked , Threatened with Death , for Freedom of Conscience
Maldives : English Teacher Deported for “ Anti-Islamic ” Passage
Maldives asks Germany for help with Sharia law
70 Percent of Humanity Lives in Countries with High Religious Restrictions – 70 Percent of the Worst Countries are OIC Nations
Maldives Parliament Plans Ban on Non-Islamic Houses of Worship
World Gender Gap Worst in Islamic Nations
Maldives one of many nations rejects International Children ’s rights , because of Sharia
Maldives : Adhaalath calls for sharia law punishments in penal code
Maldives Government Creating New Sharia Code — Parliament Members Decry Lack of Sharia - Based Death Penalty
Maldives : 150 Muslim women face adultery flogging on Maldives
Maldives : Woman gets 100 lashes in public , house arrest in Sharia punishment — govt says Maldives too “ squeamish ” for other Sharia penalties
Zakir Naik Background :
YouTube : Death Penalty for Apostates !
( Dr. Zakir Naik ) — alternative video link
YouTube : Every Muslim Should be a Terrorist – Mullah Zakir Naik
YouTube : “ Spreading Hatred ..
Dr Zakir Naik on loose ”
Muslim Rebuttals to Zakir Naik
— Zakir Naik
October 10 , 2008 – MEMRI : “ Indian Muslim Cleric Zakir Naik : 9/11 Was Carried Out by George Bush Himself ”
This book introduces development with Google App Engine , a platform that provides developers and users with infrastructure that Google itself uses for deploying their massively scalable applications .
Non-stop action .
A vulnerable hero .
A quest to save the world .
The Tesla Testament is the most exciting novel of the decade .
Enabling Modern Scripting in AnypointStudio
Mule Mixed JVM Languages Series
MuleSoft's AnypointStudio 3.5 and Mule 3.5 are the most current versions of the Mule integration platform tools .
Mule scripting support at the flow components and transforers level is excellent but the actual scripting engines that shipping with it are stale and buggy ( Jython 2.2.1 and Groovy 1.8.1 ) .
Any serious Mule development that relies on scripting must update these scripting engines for the AnypointStudio IDE and for the Mule stand - alone server .
Python , Groovy , and JavaScript , Oh My !
The authors of this HOWTO have over 5 years of experience delivering Mule applications and components written in Python for high volume enterprise and consumer applications .
Most were not just code scriptlets but full - fledged Python modules deployed to $ MULE_BASE / lib/user and enabled in Mule flows .
Groovy was n't a priority for this team because of its lack of portability outside JVM environment when compared to Python .
JavaScript was left to wiser developers in the web browser world .
The setup and techniques described here apply to Groovy and JavaScript as well .
If you know these languages , all you have to do is replace the appropriate . jar files and versions in the scripts , and otherwise follow the same steps in the next sections .
Pre-Installation
Download a copy of the latest stable , stand - alone version of the scripting engine - Jython
Download a release candidate if you want ; for your purposes , this may be stable enough - Jython
Stop any stand alone running Mule servers
Exit AnypointStudio
Scripting Engine Version
The rest of this document uses Jython 2.7 beta 2 because it 's very stable when it comes to language and standard Python library support .
The application validation tests passed for this version with flying colors .
Use the Jython 2.5.3 run-time if there are any concerns about running the beta code in production .
AnypointStudio Upgrade
Find the stand alone scripting engine . jar in the file system .
This is often in $ HOME / Downloads .
Find the AnypointStudio directory .
This is often in $ HOME / AnypointStudio .
Execute in the shell :
freshEngine=$ ( find $ HOME / Downloads - name " * jython * " ) staleEngines=$ ( find $ HOME / AnypointStudio - name " * jython * " ) # DO NOT encase $ staleEngines in quotes in this ' for ' loop : for staleEngine in $ staleEngines ; do engineHome = $ ( dirname " $staleEngine " ) ; rm - vf " $staleEngine " ; cp -v " $ freshEngine " " $engineHome " ; done
The Jython run-time is installed using this sequence because it must start along with the main server container .
Including the scripting engine . jar file in the Maven or project Build path is not enough because the scripting engine must be loaded and available to all apps in the server .
The scripting engines work side - by - side with other Mule components , such as the Mule Expression Language , loggers , transformers , etc .
They are part of the server bootstrapping infrastructure , not application - level objects .
Start AnypointStudio , and create a simple flow that uses a Python component for testing the new configuration .
The Mule flow configuration file :
< flow name = " CurrentPythonValidationFlow " doc:name = " CurrentPythonValidationFlow " initialState= " started " processingStrategy=" synchronous " > < http:inbound-endpoint exchange-pattern=" request - response " host =" localhost " port = " 8090 " doc:name= " CheckPythonVersion " path= " python_version " /> < scripting : component doc:name= " PythonVersionComponent " > < scripting : script engine = " jython " ><![ CDATA [# # Flush left like this - Python indentation sensitivity import sys versionInfo = dict ( ) versionInfo [ " language " ] = " py " versionInfo [ " version " ] = ( u " %d. %d " % ( sys.version_info[ 0 ] , sys.version_info [ 1 ] ) ) versionInfo[ " transformedPayload " ] = payload.upper ( ) result = versionInfo ] ]></scripting:script> </scripting :component > < json:object-to-json-transformer encoding = " UTF - 8 " mimeType=" application / json " doc:name= " PythonVersion2JSON " /> < logger level = " INFO " doc:name = " Logger " / > </ flow >
And a validation test that shows the script being called , and the resulting Python object being converted to JSON in the payload :
curl -i http://localhost:8090/python_version
# Output : HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Date : Tue , 10 Jun 2014 00:03:52 - 0700 Server : Mule EE Core Extensions / 3.5.0 Content - Type : application / json;charset=UTF-8 X-MULE_SESSION : rO0ABXNyAC ...4269 X-MULE_ENCODING : UTF - 8 Content - Length : 61 Connection : close { " language " : " py " , " version " : " 2.7 " , " transformedPayload " : " / PYTHON_VERSION " }
The sample script validates the success of the scripting engine upgrade becase it includes two lines that will break the default Jython 2.2.1 that comes with AnypointStudio and Mule 3.5 CE and EE :
The import statement is n't supported in Jython 2.2.1 The payload.uppper ( ) method invocation will fail on any Jython version older than 2.5.0 .
Mule Stand Alone Upgrade
Install the Jython run-time . jar in $ MULE_BASE / lib/user as described in the Dynamic App Runtime Updates Using Mule Punching HOWTO .
Run the same cURL command as in the previous section and validate the output in the command line and the Mule log :
Production Deployment
Production deployments that rely on scripting must handle Mule Integration Platform installation in two steps :
Install the Mule ESB ( and the enterprise license file , if applicable ) per the MuleSoft provisioning instructions
Write a script for deleting the stale scripting engines and installing the new ones
Chef , Puppet , and Docker are excellent tools for handling a production deployment and the nuances of a customized installation .
Charlie Crist continues his march to the center :
Gov. Charlie Crist made good today on a threat to veto a controversial bill that would have required women seeking abortions at any stage of pregnancy to pay to get an ultrasound first .
In so doing , Crist , who left the Republican Party in April to run as a no-party - affiliated candidate for U.S. Senate , infuriated leaders in the conservative Legislature and pro-life groups who had pressured him to enact the law .
Bikes on Buses are a PR Bust
Just recently , the Toronto Transit Commission ( TTC ) was glad to announce that 91 % of its buses will soon be equipped with bike racks for this Summer , and despite how little they may actually be getting used , during this ongoing and surprisingly slow adoption phase , the TTC remains upbeat on the service .
At just over $ 2 million for the upgrade , most Cyclists and Mass Transit proponents consider this a pretty economical way to encourage new ‘ multi- modal ’ Ridership for years to come .
Yet even the most positive pundits would likely have presumed that this initiative had already shown sufficient feasibility to proceed to this level of service though , so many people are wondering why the TTC has installed these racks right across their entire fleet before showing some early success on key routes .
Most people did n’t even realize that Toronto had bike racks until they started seeing them for themselves .
The resulting question then , is why has the adoption rate for this service been so sluggish to during this period ?
Is this simply a mishandled piece of Public Relations ?
Obviously , the hardcore Cycling Commuters are n’t going to trade in their winter tires for metropasses , and all the existing TTC Riders probably wo n’t suddenly swayed into taking a bike along with them on their regular daily commute just for kicks .
Yet surely there are all sorts of new possibilities and benefits that this service opens up for consideration , even though we ’re left to find these for ourselves .
At the very least , these Bike Racks would appear to be a simple and ( relatively ) economical way to either draw more Riders into the transit fold , or benefit current users with the option to cycle in or away from their first or last stop , all while laying some basic groundwork for the future of grass - roots growth in Transit ridership overall … .
So what ’s the holdup in moving ahead with it ?
Is there an issue with Public Perceptions ?
Or does the problem start down at the source of most Mainstream Media Content nowadays ?
What the Media is n’t Saying
As anybody with eyes will tell you , these racks remain largely underutilized , and instead of promoting wider adoption through positive support , some of the more tabloid segments of The Press have chosen instead to take a typically incendiary approach to newsmaking and encourage the spread of any small flames to draw a wider general interest to the subject .
So despite the Media ’s appetite to pander to any public frustrations about fare hikes ( etc ) , while slamming the TTC for it ’s sundry expenditures , it seems that in the absence of a successful Public Relations campaign , we ’re now being left to come up with our own reasons to take our bikes along for a TTC Ride …
Torontonians have clearly not been encouraged to consider how Cycling and Transit are natural partners when longer distances need to be covered , and the viability of this Transit option remains under - developed .
Of course , anybody who was waiting for the Press or Mainstream Media to illustrate why Car Culture and Conspicuous Consumption might not be in their best long term interests , would likely be indifferent at best on this subject ….at best .
Perhaps some factions of the Press remain prone to the politically motivated prejudice that can all too easily polarize Readership against any seemingly Left - leaning policies when it comes to solving the traffic and transportation woes of our Urban Condition .
Regrettably , we not seeing many examples of this trend being balanced by progressive or truly sustainable ( ie. ecologically viable ) solutions coming from the Right - wing of the political spectrum , so by default we ’re left to try and find our way towards a modern vision of urban transportation under the auspices of Left - Wing politics by default .
A quick word of defense for the TTC ’s PR efforts …
It ’s not like anyone in the beleaguered TTC was trying to shamelessly promote the bike racks as some revolutionary step towards truly multi-modal transit of the future , or put too much ‘ environmental topspin ’ on this small but beneficial improvement to the system .
The TTC ’s upbeat yet realistic handling of Public Relations was dignified , if not visionary in it ’s future outlook .
But surely
The Media itself could have dug into the story to discover some of the potential , or at least stressed the positives of making Toronto more cycling friendly – one small incremental initiative at a time .
At the very least the major media outlets could have taken a “ if they build it , the Ridership will come ” approach to their future outlook , and quoted representatives from Waterloo or Guelph transit where the rack services have seemingly met with success .
Instead the response was either a lukewarm regurgitation of the official release material , or the typical crowd of naysayers and opportunists came out to beat around the underbrush and try and stir up negative public sentiments against this modest expenditure .
Suffice to say , that as a result nobody was really being inspired to change their commuting habits at this early and rather pessimistic stage of the game , and we can probably stop waiting for the Media to help create a brighter vision of the Future , when there ’s potentially ‘ bad news ’ to be trumped up into a story instead .
So What ’s the Problem with Promoting Bike Racks ?
The obvious point of interest that the Media seized upon , and ran with was :
Why do we so VERY rarely EVER see this amenity in use ?
The racks obviously work properly , and they are now becoming available just about everywhere , so it ’s clearly not a functional problem .
Were people reluctant to try them initially for fear of getting stranded with their bikes in Meadowvale without a piggy - back ride back when their legs got tired ?
Are people still confused by how they work , or reluctant to give it a first try ?
You can review a longer list of possible reasons HERE , or just take / review a quick survey of the top reasons of why “ Rack It and Rocket ” has n’t taken off the charts … Yet
Even though the racks are clearly easy to use once you ’ve seen the process in action , perhaps the TTC could have given the program a little shot in the arm by assuring the public that its Drivers would be willing to assist them ( just as they currently do with baby strollers ) , at least during a clearly limited introductory phase .
Though I ’m sure the Drivers would n’t want this as part of their job description , a temporary show of goodwill by the Transit Workers Union ( for a few weeks in the Spring ? ) would have done wonders for their increasingly tarnished public image as well .
Such a small temporary measure would have provided widespread and immensely positive impressions of the TTC , and it ’s Unions at a time when they both need it , while giving the new rack service a huge visibility boost during it ’s slow rollout phase .
But alas , good - hearted drivers who are already willing to help Mothers and their strollers , are left to do their own personal PR work with Cyclists as well , as it seems .
Since this service probably wo n’t encourage many people to suddenly go out and buy a bike , these racks are either going to be used by existing Cyclists , who are either aspiring or experienced urban Commuters , or by the more casual Riders who ’s bikes are likely already spending more time parked in their garages than anywhere else .
Among the growing ranks of Toronto ’s road - hardened Urban Cyclists and Commuters , even if only a few were to ever break their own habits and start piggybacking on the TTC , surely there are more than enough casual Cyclists out there who could be targeted with some inspiring and informative PR messages .
Once usage starts to pickup , it ’s conceivable that the service might not only draw more new Ridership , but perhaps even encourage others to take up cycling as well for the first time , if they new there was a safe and appealing riding destination that they could reach via TTC , and enjoy with abit of help from a ‘ Rocket ’ boost !
So if we ’re left to our own devices in determining the value of this service , does that beg the question :
What are the benefits and barriers to usage ?
Glad That You Asked !
Let ’s take stock of what we need to make these racks really rock , by clicking HERE …
NEW YORK -- Lady Gaga is still welcome at Yankee Stadium , but just not in the clubhouse .
Especially not after a loss .
Lady Gaga wore her pinstripes -- and not much else -- to the park on Friday .
Al Bello / Getty Images
" She 's not banned , " New York Yankees GM Brian Cashman said on Sunday afternoon .
" Celebrities are n't banned .
If Michael Jordan showed up here he would have access [ to the clubhouse ] , but not after a loss . "
Following the Yankees ' loss to the New York Mets on Friday night , Lady Gaga talked her way past security and into the Yankees ' clubhouse .
She reportedly met with some players , including Robinson Cano .
The media , which is supposed to be allowed into the clubhouse 10 minutes after the final pitch , was held out .
" That was the wrong time and the wrong place , " Cashman said .
" It 's been taken care of . "
The New York Post reported on Sunday that Yankees co-chairman Hal Steinbrenner was furious at the display Lady Gaga put on in the clubhouse -- dressed in a half - buttoned Yankees jersey and a bikini bottom , she swilled whiskey and fondled her chest , the Post said , citing sources -- and that Steinbrenner had permanently banned Gaga from the team 's clubhouse .
Cashman downplayed that , but added that the Yankees have other places in the Stadium where players can interact with celebrities .
" There is just a time and place , " said Cashman .
" It is not her fault . "
Cashman said that no one was fired over the security breach .
When George Steinbrenner was in charge , employees would have likely been let go over such an incident .
Image caption Turkey reacted furiously to the deadly raid by Israeli commandos
Turkey has barred an Israeli military flight from Turkish airspace , in apparent retaliation for Israel 's raid on an aid convoy bound for Gaza .
Turkey 's prime minister confirmed that a " ban " had been implemented after the raid , which left eight Turkish citizens and one Turkish - US citizen dead .
Military flight bans are now being considered on a case - by - case basis , Turkish officials said .
The banned flight was carrying Israeli officers to Poland to tour Auschwitz .
The plane was denied permission to cross Turkish airspace and was therefore forced to fly an alternative route .
Meanwhile , Israel 's commission of inquiry into the flotilla raid opened on Monday .
Diplomatic fall - out
A senior Turkish foreign ministry official told the BBC there was now an official policy in place of banning Israeli military aircraft from Turkish airspace , but on a case - by - case basis .
ANALYSIS
Turkey , one of the first countries to recognise the state of Israel , signed two military co-operation agreements in 1996 , on joint military training and arms sales .
Since then Israeli aircraft have used Turkish airspace for exercises , and there have been several joint military ventures .
Israeli firms won contracts to modernise Turkish aircraft and tanks and Turkey agreed to buy 10 Israeli Heron pilotless aircraft .
By some estimates military contracts have made up more than half of the total trade between the two countries over the past 14 years .
Ties deteriorated sharply after the Israeli operation against Gaza in 2008 .
The government of PM Recep Tayyip Erdogan is more sympathetic to the Palestinian cause than its predecessors .
Israeli aircraft were barred from joint exercises with other US allies in Turkey last year .
Turkey announced that all military co-operation would be reviewed following the flotilla raid .
Existing military contracts are being honoured .
This case - by - case ban on Israeli military flights is Turkey 's first publicly announced measure .
He said it was not necessarily a blanket ban , but would depend of the kind of flight and the state of relations between Turkey and Israel at the time .
The official said this particular flight was banned purely because it had been the first such request from Israel and had nothing to do with the nature of the flight .
Civilian flights are unaffected .
Reports first surfaced in the Israeli newspaper Yediot Ahronot that an Israeli military cargo plane , carrying more than 100 officers on their way to Auschwitz , was barred from Turkish airspace .
At the G20 summit in Toronto , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan was asked by a reporter if the ban was related to the flotilla raid .
Mr Erdogan confirmed that " we started the ban after these events " , according to a report by Turkish news agency Anatolia .
The Israeli raid on the aid flotilla drew international condemnation .
The six - ship flotilla was trying to break a blockade of Gaza that Israel says is needed to prevent weapons reaching militants in the territory .
Israeli commandos descended from helicopters on to the largest ship , the Turkish - owned Mavi Marmara , in international waters about 130 km ( 80 miles ) from the Israeli coast .
The activists say the commandos started shooting as soon as they hit the deck .
Israeli officials say the commandos fired in self - defence .
Image caption PM Recep Tayyip Erdogan confirmed the ban at the G20 summit
Turkey reacted angrily to the raid , withdrawing its ambassador and cancelling joint military exercises .
It wants an apology from Israel and an international investigation .
Israel has refused to co-operate with an independent international inquiry .
Its own inquiry opened on Monday .
Commission head Jacob Turkel said Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu would appear , as would the defence minister and military chief of staff .
There are two international observers .
Illegal alien ?
Campaigners against a controversial new immigration law in the US state of Arizona have adopted a popular children 's cartoon character as a symbol of their cause .
Dora the Explorer has taught millions of American children basic Spanish phrases on her Nickelodeon TV show .
But a doctored image on the internet now shows the cartoon heroine with a black eye in a police mugshot .
Her alleged crimes ?
Illegal border crossing and resisting arrest .
Several websites , including the influential Huffington Post , have run satirical stories describing Dora 's capture by the immigration authorities .
One picture circulating on Facebook shows her vaulting over the fence on the US - Mexican border .
Another shows an advert for a mock television show entitled Dora the Illegal Immigrant .
Meanwhile , some anti-immigration sites have questioned whether the character is part of a conspiracy to persuade Americans to welcome migrants from Latin America .
Global empire
For almost a decade , the doe - eyed cartoon heroine has been one of the most prominent Hispanic characters on children 's television in the US .
Her TV show has spawned a global empire , with her smiling face appearing on everything from lunch boxes to computer games .
But as the controversy over illegal immigration has intensified , Dora has been drawn into the political debate .
Most of the websites that have appropriated her image assume she is a migrant from Mexico .
Dora has brown skin , dark hair , and speaks Spanish with an American accent .
She lives in a tropical country with pyramids , accompanied by friends Boots the Monkey and Isa the Iguana .
But Nickelodeon has declined to comment on her background , and her place of birth and citizenship have never been made clear .
The Dora police mugshot was originally created last year by Debbie Groben of Sarasota , Florida , for a contest on the fake news site FreakingNews.com .
Last month , Arizona passed a law requiring police , in the context of enforcing other laws , to question people about their immigration status if they have reasonable suspicion they are in the US illegally .
Opponents have rallied against the measure , saying it it will encourage racial profiling of Hispanics , who make up three - quarters of the estimated 12 million illegal immigrants in the US .
Benjamin Netanyahu , the Israeli prime minister , who is under intense pressure over the bungled raid both from countries around the world and at home , remained defiant last night .
He told a meeting of Israel 's inner cabinet that he would not bow to pressure to lift the blockade on Gaza , which the activists were trying to break .
Sheldon Whitehouse stepped into the well of the Senate just after Rep. Joe Barton 's ridiculous apology to BP and laid out how deeply " corporate tentacles " have reached into our regulatory agencies .
Unlike Republicans , his argument was not to argue for deregulation , but to remove corporate influence from regulatory agencies and build a wall between them .
His argument was remarkable in its simplicity , passion , and truth .
Mr. WHITEHOUSE .
The scope , the extent , the insidious nature of corporate influence in regulatory agencies of government -- this question of regulatory capture -- is something we should attend to here .
It is the lesson , and it raises the question beyond the Minerals Management Service :
How far does this corporate influence reach into our agencies of government ?
The wealth of the international corporate world is staggering .
The five biggest oil companies just this quarter posted profits of $ 23 billion -- that is a 23 with 12 zeroes behind it -- in just one quarter .
Sen. Whitehouse ' example of corporate resources available to influence elections puts it into perspective :
The Republican appointees on the Supreme Court just overturned decades of precedent and 100 years of practice to give these big corporations freedom to spend unlimited funds in our American elections .
Put it to scale .
Consider $ 23 billion of pure profits just in one quarter by big oil , and compare : The Obama and McCain campaigns together spent about $ 1 billion in the last election .
Do the math .
For 5 percent of one quarter 's profits , big oil could outspend both American Presidential campaigns .
That may be some politician 's idea of a happy day because that is who they work to please , but it is wrong and it needs to be stopped .
He then looks at how deeply that influence is nestled into our agencies right now :
But think , if that is what corporate influence could do in a national election , think of what those vast , powerful tentacles of corporate influence can do to a little government agency such as the Minerals Management Service : Revolving doors to lucrative jobs in the industry so you are set for life ; sports tickets , gifts , drugs ; constant , relentless lobbying pressure and threats of litigation ; steadily inserting operatives in regulatory positions .
Inch by inch , the tentacles of industry reach further and further into the regulator , until it silently and invisibly comes under industry control and becomes the industry 's puppet , until it is serving the special interests and not the public interest .
How it happens :
This is no new phenomenon .
Marver Bernstein wrote about regulatory capture more than 50 years ago .
He explained that a regulator tends over time to ``become more concerned with the general health of the industry and tries to prevent changes which will adversely affect it , '' to become ``passive toward the public interest . ''
This , he said , ``is a problem of ethics and morality as well as administrative method , '' and he called it ``a blow to democratic government and responsible political institutions . ''
Ultimately , this leads to what he called ``surrender : the commission finally becomes a captive of the regulated groups . ''
If you do n't want to go back half a century for a discussion of regulatory capture , look to last week 's Wall Street Journal editorial page where a senior fellow at the Cato Institute writes :
By all accounts , MMS operated as a rubber stamp for BP .
It is a striking example of regulatory capture : Agencies tasked with protecting the public interest come to identify with the regulated industry and protect its interests against that of the public .
The result : Government fails to protect the public .
After using the MMS as an example of a " captive agency " , he launches into one of the most eloquent and passionate arguments I have ever heard for what our government should be , what good government can do for the people who are governed , and what steps we need to take to return to that standard .
This government of ours , founded in a revolution pledging the lives and fortune and sacred honor of those early patriots ; this government of ours , which has raised for more than two centuries the promise of freedom in human hearts ; this government that lifts its lamp aloft to brighten the darkness of chaos and despair in far distant corners of the globe ; this government , whose finely tuned balance , crafted by the Founders , has seen us through Civil War and World War , through westward expansion and Great Depression , through the light bulb and the Model T and the Boeing 747 and the iPod ; this government of ours , formed by Washington and Madison , Jefferson and Adams , and led by each of them , and later led by Abraham Lincoln and by Harry Truman and by Theodore Roosevelt and by Franklin Roosevelt and by John Fitzgerald Kennedy ; this American Government of ours should never be on its knees before corporate power , no matter how strong .
It should never be in the thrall of corporate wealth , no matter how vast .
This American Government of ours should never give the American citizen reason to question whose interests are being served .
Never .
In this complex world of ours , government must protect us in remote and specialized precincts of the economy .
In those remote precincts , few people are watching , but big money is made .
We must be able to trust our government , both in plain view in front of us , and in corners far from sight , to be serving always the public interest , not doing the secret bidding of special interests , of corporate interests because that is where the big money is at stake .
Have we now learned , have we now finally learned , with the financial meltdown and the gulf disaster , the terrible price of all those quietly cut corners ?
Have we now learned what price must be paid when the stealthy tentacles of corporate influence are allowed to reach into and capture our agencies of government ?
I pray let us have learned this .
Let us have learned that lesson .
I sincerely pray we have learned our lesson and that this will never happen again .
But let 's not just pray .
He concludes with a solution : Clean it up .
In this troubled world , God works through our human hands , grows a more perfect union through our human hearts , creates a beloved community through our human thoughts and ideas .
So it is not enough to pray .
We must act .
We must act in defense of the integrity of this great government of ours , which has brought such light to the world , such freedom and equality to our country .
We cannot allow this government that is a model around the world , that inspires people to risk their lives and fortunes to come to our shores -- we cannot allow any element of this government to become the tool of corporate power , the avenue of corporate influence , the puppet of corporate tentacles .
I propose a simple device in this country of laws - - not men , of rule of law - - and that is to allow our top national law officer , the Attorney General of the United States , to step in and clean house whenever an agency or element of government is no longer credibly independent of the industries and businesses it is intended to regulate .
When a component of government is deemed no longer credibly independent of the corporations or industry it is supposed to regulate , I suggest that the Attorney General be allowed to come in and clean up , hire and fire and take personnel action to ensure the integrity of the personnel ; to establish interim regulations and procedures to ensure the integrity of the process ; to audit permits and contracts and ensure they were not affected by improper corporate influence , and if they were , to rescind them where they are not in the public interest due to that improper corporate influence ; to establish an integrity plan for that component of government , all subject to appropriate judicial review where private rights are affected .
Then the Attorney General can get back out , with his or her job done , sort of like an ethics trusteeship or receivership .
And reminds of the damage already done :
by von
Look , I understand that you 're feeling a little backed into a corner .
It 's hard not be feel that way .
Your generals are describing your foreign policy as " incompetent and crazy . "
Your Generals !
Imagine what your Lt. Cols. are saying !
It probably starts with " dum " and ends with " ucks " .
And it only gets worse when you go down the chain of command .
Trust me on this .
I 've gotten bitched out by my ex-Marine secretary * for failing to format my letters correctly .
The lower the rank , the more perceptive the criticism .
But , anyhoo , I digress .
I 'm here to offer you some advice .
And I 'm a really good friend .
I understand why you 're backing away .
Every time someone tells you they 're a really good friend , it kinda ends badly .
For example : Come to Spain !
We love you in Spain .
Wonderful weather , good wine , folks strumming guitars , the Alhambra -- what 's not to like ?
Oh , right .
That whole Inquisition thing .
Well , at least you 'll have refuge in Germany ....
So I get it .
Well , a little bit .
I 'm not going to pretend .
I do n't really get much , and very few people get me .
I can tell you about the Jewish vons , my love of really good bagels , and how some of my best friends are Zionists .... but why should you believe me ?
And why should it matter ?
I go by " von " on the internet .
That 's a f - ckin ' preposition .
In German .
Do n't rely on my sympathies .
You should probably trust my self interest instead .
It 's in the US 's interest to have a strong Israel .
That means it 's in my interest .
I 'm not going to apologize for being tribal on this count ; we can't stop nationalism , we can only hope that we not become assholes in American flag shirts .
So take the following to heart , because I 'm one of the few goys who routinely defends Israel without being an Islamophobe and without hopin ' that y'all die so that Christ can come back .
Other than Israel , no state in the middle east has the capability or willingness to project power in that region , damn the consequencies .
No other state in the region has been a good friend for so long .
No other state in the region is so , well , connected to the US .
You 're like a good drinking buddy : Opinionated , controversial , and ready to fight .
But you have got to stop being absolutely useless .
Because when you 're useless , it 's not much in my interest to defend you .
I mean , do you defend countries that ignore you and constantly f- ck things up ?
Is France on your speed - dial ?
No ?
Wonder why ...
I 'd love to defend you in this latest debacle .
I 'd love to keep on waiting for more facts to come in .
But I can't .
What your leaders did was indefensible and utterly stupid .
Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz has a better grasp on strategy .
And it comes on the heels of you insulting us .
( Leave aside whether these settlements were justified : could you have not made the announcement while our Vice President was visiting ? )
You have to fix this .
It starts with firing somebody .
Probably your Prime Minister .
You do n't seem to have noticed , but he 's a total nudnik .
A moron too .
I wo n't insist , because I can't -- and friends do n't do that anyway .
But I am going to suggest .
In a really passive - aggressive way .
Because you 're smart enough to realize that it 's in your best interest .
* Former secretary , in fairness .
By Ruth Alexander
There is a new breed of performer coming to a street near you - the maths busker .
Think mathematicians - turned - entertainers .
And they are recruiting .
Would a BBC reporter with a rusty GCSE knowledge of the subject make the grade ?
Ruth Alexander takes her maths ' expertise ' to Manchester city centre " Maths axiom number one , " trainer Matt Parker wrote on the whiteboard , " Maths busking is busking .
We 're not going out and doing a maths lesson on the street ; we 're not going out to lecture . "
For the other trainees in the room at the University of Greenwich - mostly maths professors , teachers and students - this news was perhaps a little discomforting .
For me , it was a good job .
Although the second principle of maths busking is more unnerving for me : maths is the gimmick .
Any performance was inescapably going to have to involve me wowing people with my maths .
Lecture over , we split into groups to learn some tricks to perform .
After what felt like not long enough at all , it was time for the debut performance .
Maths busking is basically a cross between magic and maths - the busker performs a seemingly blinding trick to an appreciative crowd .
Behind it all is not sleight of hand or a secret compartment , but pure and ( relatively ) simple maths .
FIND OUT MORE ...
Ruth Alexander reports on maths busking for More or Less on BBC Radio 4 , at 1330 on Fridays Listen to it again on the iPlayer My debut performance trick went like this : - I picked a fellow trainee busker and stuck several pieces of sticky paper - one of which had a £ 20 note attached to it - all over him - I then challenged someone else to play me for that £ 20 - The rules are simple - my opponent and I can take it in turns to pick pieces of paper off our human noticeboard .
But neither of us can take off more than three pieces in one go -
The piece with the £ 20 on it must be the last to be picked off
To be in total control , I invite my opponent to go first - I just need to make sure there is always an even number of pieces of papers left - at least four - when it is his go .
Easy , really .
But , within seconds , I was beaten .
Much to the amusement of the rest of the room .
I was so bad , our trainer Mr Parker seemed almost impressed .
But he had some words of comfort - mastering the trick , he said , is not just about being able to count to four .
Multiples of four " The underlying logic is all about patterns .
It 's a concept of maths called induction , " he said .
" Once you 've worked out how one bit works , you can add another bit on .
So with that game , if you can do it with four , you can do it with eight , if you can do it with eight , you can do it with twelve . "
The yellow hoodies with ' Maths ' were perhaps not the best uniform
Which helped me understand where I had gone wrong before .
Whereas I had had no idea how many pieces of paper I had pinned to my human noticeboard , the trick to the game , I realised , is to play with eight pieces of paper , or 12 or any other multiple of four .
And to make sure four pieces of paper are taken off in each round .
So , if my opponent takes one piece , I should take three ; if he takes two , I take two ; if he takes three , I take one .
Shrugging off my comprehensive defeat , I agreed to join the maths buskers for a performance they had planned for the following week in Manchester city centre .
The other buskers taking part had all performed before - but only at science fairs and museums .
I suspected that impressing shoppers in Manchester 's Market Street with mathematical wonders would be a challenge for them too .
Odd one out " No one has ever seen this before ! "
On the day , Dr Sara Santos from the Royal Institution of Great Britain , who was leading a team of four of us , was excited .
The public , less so .
Beaten by a young boy , in front of a sizeable crowd - the first lesson of maths busking - never underestimate your public
The buskers had imagined we would be performing to a crowd , but after 10 minutes of trying to attract people 's attention , PhD student Katie Steckles was disheartened .
" This is really hard , " she said .
" People are just not up for maths . "
We began to wonder about the wisdom of a decision to wear bright yellow hooded tops with the word " maths " emblazoned across the front .
But before long a couple of teenage boys , Ainsley and Perry , wandered over to take a closer look .
The buskers pounced on them .
Showing them five cards with numbers printed on them , Dr Santos asked them to say which cards their birthday was printed on .
One , two , three and four , Ainsley said .
" Your birthday is on the 30th , " Dr Santos pronounced , correctly .
The boys were amazed .
That is the power of binary numbers for you .
( Want to know how it 's done ?
See internet links , right )
Emboldened , I decided to have a go at performing my little number .
Real money Instead of bits of sticky paper , I used pegs instead .
Eight of them .
And instead of a fake £ 20 , I put a real one on the line .
I had been practising .
Much to the disappointment of a number of passers - by .
It proved a popular game throughout the afternoon , and it really felt pretty good to have impressed some people with maths .
Until , that is , a young schoolboy called Joe came along .
He had been observing my game , and had realised that I was winning because I was making sure my opponent always started the game .
He insisted that to play him , I had to start first .
The maths buskers had warned me about this happening .
The strategy in that case , they said , was to have nine pegs , not eight .
And to take off the one extra peg with my first go .
So , I went first .
And took off not one , but two pegs .
Oh dear .
Beaten by a young boy , in front of a sizeable crowd .
The first lesson of maths busking - never underestimate your public .
Brilliant mathematicians come in all shapes and sizes , and they are not always easy to spot .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A California couple faces child endangerment charges after police say they tried to sell their six - month - old baby for $ 25 ( €20 ) outside a Walmart store .
Salinas police spokesman , Lalo Villegas , said Patrick Fousek and Samantha Tomasini were arrested on Wednesday morning , hours after Fousek allegedly approached two women outside Walmart and asked if they 'd like to purchase his child .
The women initially thought Fousek ( 38 ) was joking , but when he became persistent , they became suspicious and reported it to police .
Fousek , who is on probation , and Tomasini ( 20 ) were arrested at their home .
Officers said the couple appeared high on methamphetamine and the house was in disarray .
The baby was taken into care and the couple were charged with endangering a child , attempting to abandon a child and being intoxicated .
Fousek , who was jailed for running a methamphetamine lab in 2006 , received a further charge for violating the terms of his probation .
Shawn Thornton has signed a two - year , $ 1.625 million extension with the Bruins .
In 74 games , the 32 - year - old tough guy scored one goal and nine assists while recording 141 penalty minutes .
Thornton , who skated on both sides of the fourth line , averaged 9:02 of ice time per game .
Thornton recorded 21 fights , including his beatdown of Matt Cooke in the first Boston - Pittsburgh game following Marc Savard ’s concussion .
“ Shawn ’s been a terrific soldier for us in the time that he ’s been here , ” said GM Peter Chiarelli .
“ He ’s always among the leaders in fisticuffs .
I wo n’t say fighting , because it ’s an art for Thorny .
He knows his role .
He has an offensive side that comes out , probably more two years ago than last year .
I know he can provide some offense on the forecheck .
Tremendous character , good in the room , wants to be in Boston .
It was a good decision that we made and a relatively easy decision that we made .
We ’re happy to have him back . ”
Advertisement
Thornton was in the last season of a three - year contract .
He would have been an unrestricted free agent on July 1 .
“ I wanted to be a Bruin for as long as possible , ” said Thornton .
“ We love the city .
We love being here .
I ’m still here .
I ’m really happy to be back .
I ’m glad we could make it happen . ”
Thornton will carry an $ 812,500 annual cap hit .
* Chiarelli said that Tyler Seguin and Taylor Hall are scheduled for visits to Boston .
Chiarelli will visit Hall and his family at their home in Kingston , Ontario , either next week or the week after .
Chiarelli and assistant GMs Jim Benning and Don Sweeney spent time at the Seguin family home in Brampton , Ontario , last week .
* Discussions continue with some of the free agents - to - be , said Chiarelli .
He did n’t identify which players are in negotiations .
welcome to the
G- Spot History | Animated Instructions | Parts , Materials & Tools | Tech Info | Testimonials | Operating Instructions
Known Limitations | Terms and Conditions | Original Patent | Latest Patent | Merchandising Ideas | Installation Instructions | Fishing NZ Style
What is a G - Spot ?
Automotive security at your fingertips !
It is quite possibly the smallest , simplest ,
cheapest and easiest to make , install and
operate , form of vehicle immobilizer .
It prevents the engine from starting
until your vehicles G - Spot ;)
is physically touched
at the same time as
the key is held in
the ' Start ' position .
A G-Spot
It is also weather and vibration resistant
and can prevent your vehicle being stolen
if the ' thief ' has your keys !
See Testimonials .
Plus , with the right parts you can create one yourself !
Some links to independent online articles about the G - Spot ...
http://www.ohgizmo.com/2010/02/23/g-spot-turns-your-car-on/
http://www.carbuyersnotebook.com/protect-your-car-with-the-g-spot-seriously/
http://www.coolest-gadgets.com/20100213/gspot-offers-unique-automotive-security/
© Copyright July 30th , 2001 , Daniel Davies
G - Spot was a Trademark of Daniel Davies ( aka Daniel Morgan )
Manufacturing Rights as per my Instructional Animation Now Licensed
to Students Attending an Educational Institution or Individuals in a Private Dwelling ,
Subject to My Terms & Conditions and Disclaimer All Other Rights Reserved
NZ Patent Application # 510157
Last Modified 14th May , 2011
Get a GoStats hit counter
Search Engine Submission - AddMe
Photo by B +
According to an in - depth LA Weekly story on Madlib ( via XXL ) , the California beat master just might end up in the credits on Kanye West 's forthcoming fifth album .
West put " five Madlib beats on hold for his new album , " according to the piece , though no word if any of the productions will make the final cut .
Apparently , Kanye also nearly fell over in a backless chair while visiting Madlib at some point -- what I would give to see a video of that meeting of the ( not exactly normal ) minds .
Other producers rumored to have contributed to the new Kanye album include Q - Tip , DJ Premier , Pete Rock , and the RZA .
The record is supposedly due out September 14 .
In other Madlib news , the prolific studio wiz is in the midst of putting out around 16 albums this year -- check out his Stones Throw page for more info .
Police are urging people to take greater responsibility for online tributes they create in light of a court case in which a man has been charged over defacing Facebook pages dedicated to two dead children .
Bradley Paul Hampson , 29 , is accused of posting pornography on Facebook pages honouring Elliot Fletcher , who died after a schoolyard stabbing in Brisbane , and murdered Bundaberg eight - year - old Trinity Bates .
The practice of posting offensive material on such sites with the intention of offending people is known as trolling , and Hampson is the first Australian to face court for such an activity .
Police raided his house early Friday morning , taking him into custody and seizing computer equipment .
They laid five charges , including possessing and distributing child exploitation material .
The maximum penalty is 10 years in jail .
Late Friday afternoon Hampson appeared in court and was denied bail .
" This particular investigation raised a lot of community concern , " Detective Superintendent Peter Crawford said .
" Clearly the community felt the material that was posted was offensive .
" The Queensland police that have viewed the material were also of the view that this is particularly offensive material .
" What I would ask is that people take some responsibility to prevent these types of things happening by making sure they 're responsible and quickly deleting inappropriate material .
" I 'm referring to people that actually administer the sites themselves .
People that set these tribute pages have the capacity to remove material which they deem to be inappropriate or unsuitable . "
Defaced within hours
Elliot Fletcher , 12 , died after being stabbed at St Patrick 's College in Brisbane and Trinity Bates died after being abducted from her home in Bundaberg .
The Facebook pages established to honour them were apparently defaced within hours .
Australian Federal Police ( AFP ) are negotiating with Facebook over concerns the company took too long to act on the defaced tribute pages .
Superintendent Crawford says many children are believed to have seen the pornography and Facebook could have removed it faster .
" The AFP are conducting some negotiations with Facebook at the moment and they 're seeking our views as part of that negotiation , " Superintendent Crawford said .
" I do n't want to be diverting [ Queensland child protection taskforce ]
Argos resources in the future to having to investigate trolling matters when they could be better deployed investigating sexual abuse of Queensland children . "
But Queensland Police are not just taking aim at Facebook .
Superintendent Crawford acknowledges many tribute sites are established by children and he reiterated a message he says police have been at pains to deliver in recent years .
" The internet is not always as safe a place as you 'd imagine .
The need for parents to be able to work with their kids to keep them safe online is really important , " he said .
" We can go out and arrest as many people as you like in relation to offending that 's occurring against children on the internet .
But the reality is prevention is going to be far better than a cure . "
Police say they are continuing to investigate people believed to have posted offensive images on tribute pages for Trinity Bates and Elliot Fletcher .
Facebook has released a statement saying it " was appalled when the pages were defaced and it congratulates the Australian police on their efforts to bring the offenders to justice " .
The UN Security Council has voted in favour of fresh sanctions against Iran over its nuclear programme .
The council voted 12 to two , with one abstention , in favour of a fourth round of sanctions , including tighter finance curbs and an expanded arms embargo .
US President Barack Obama said the sanctions were an unmistakable message on stopping the spread of nuclear arms .
Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said the sanctions should be thrown in the dustbin like a " used handkerchief " .
The US and its allies fear Iran is secretly trying to build a nuclear bomb , but Tehran insists its programme is aimed solely at peaceful energy use .
Heavy weapons
The Security Council resolution was opposed by Turkey and Brazil .
They had earlier brokered a deal with Iran on uranium enrichment .
Lebanon abstained .
ANALYSIS
The sanctions are tough but fall short of what Western nations wanted because of pressure from Iran 's allies Russia and China .
However , they do open the way for stronger measures by the US and European states .
But council members Turkey and Brazil said any sanctions at this moment were counter - productive and insisted Iran had made concessions in a recent agreement they brokered .
The two " no " votes were the strongest opposition yet in four rounds of sanctions , weakening international unity the Americans have tried to build to isolate Iran .
Last resort or lost opportunity ?
The new sanctions were passed after being watered down during negotiations with Russia and China on Tuesday .
There are no crippling economic sanctions and there is no oil embargo .
Those passed include prohibiting Iran from buying heavy weapons such as attack helicopters and missiles .
They also toughen rules on financial transactions with Iranian banks and increase the number of Iranian individuals and companies that are targeted with asset freezes and travel bans .
There is also a new framework of cargo inspections to detect and stop Iran 's acquisition of illicit materials .
Mr Obama accused Iran 's leaders of " hiding behind outlandish rhetoric " .
But he said the sanctions did " not close the door on diplomacy " and he urged Iran to " choose a different and better path " .
Mr Ahmadinejad was quoted by Iran 's Isna news agency as saying : " I gave one of the [ world powers ] a message that the resolutions you issue are like a used handkerchief which should be thrown in the dustbin .
They are not capable of hurting Iranians . "
UK Foreign Secretary William Hague said the decision sent a " strong statement of international resolve " , increasing the pressure on Iran to meet its obligations .
China 's UN ambassador Zhang Yesui said the sanctions were trying to prevent nuclear proliferation and would not hurt " the normal life of the Iranian people " .
However , both Turkey and Brazil spoke out in opposition , saying the deal they brokered with Iran had not been given time .
Brazilian ambassador to the UN Maria Luiza Ribeiro Viotti said : " We do not see sanctions as an effective instrument in this case .
They will most probably lead to the suffering of the people of Iran and will play into the hands of people on all sides who do not want dialogue to prevail . "
Turkey 's envoy Ertugrul Apakan said the Turkey - Brazil deal had created " a new reality " on Iran 's nuclear programme and Turkey was " deeply concerned " that sanctions would have a negative impact .
HOW THE COUNCIL VOTED FOR Permanent ( with power of veto ) : China ; France ; Russia ; UK ; US Non-permanent ( term ends 2010 ) : Austria ; Bosnia - Herzegovina ; Gabon ; Japan ; Mexico ; Nigeria ; Uganda AGAINST
Non-permanent : Brazil and Turkey .
Had both brokered a deal with Iran in which Tehran would send low - enriched uranium to Turkey in return for reactor fuel ABSTAINED Non permanent : Lebanon .
Had voiced opposition to the sanctions .
Iran - backed Hezbollah is part of the government
Prof Abbas Edalat , the founder of the Campaign against Sanctions and Military Intervention in Iran , told BBC Radio 4's PM programme that the sanctions would make " everything worse " .
He said : " What the US has done has proved conclusively beyond any doubt that it is not interested in negotiations with Iran ...
There has been massive hypocrisy here . "
The BBC News website 's world affairs correspondent , Paul Reynolds , says this new round of sanctions is unlikely to have any more effect on Iranian policy than the first three .
Iran 's vital economic interests have not been targeted , he says , and Tehran has in any case developed systems of evasion .
The deal Iran had earlier agreed with Turkey and Brazil would see Tehran deposit 1,200kg of low - enriched uranium with Turkey in return for reactor fuel .
But the deal has not been accepted by world powers and on Wednesday , the US , Russia and France outlined their concerns in letters to the IAEA .
The letters were not made public , but US envoy to the IAEA Glyn Davies said the deal " would still leave Iran with substantial stocks [ of low - enriched uranium ] , decreasing the confidence - building value of the original proposal " .
Three earlier rounds of UN sanctions blocked trade of " sensitive nuclear material " , froze the financial assets of those involved in Iran 's nuclear activities , banned all of Iran 's arms exports and encouraged scrutiny of the dealings of Iranian banks .
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
John Prescott , the former deputy prime minister , yesterday tried to set the record straight over his elevation to the House of Lords , saying he never opposed the unelected second chamber and he had not been pressed into taking the peerage by his wife .
Prescott told BBC Radio 4's
Today programme that he accepted the offer of a seat in the Lords so he could retain some influence in the political system and continue his environmental campaigning .
His opposition to what he previously called " flunkery and titles " had been only to hereditary peers , he said .
" We got rid of hundreds of hereditary peers , " he said .
He denied reports that he had been pushed into accepting the peerage by his wife , Pauline , saying : " I make my own decisions . "
Last week Prescott confirmed he would run for the position of Labour treasurer .
TomorrowLabour 's six leadership hopefuls lay out their case to lead the party in a series of articles for the Guardian .
Claiming he is an " optimist " about the party 's future , Ed Miliband nevertheless expresses regrets about Labour 's last term .
" We were too slow to recognise the squeezed living standards people faced in our economy , and the centrality of housing .
This explains some of the heightened concern people expressed about immigration ...
We sometimes seemed too casual about civil liberties .
He says Labour " must build a wider movement that can show in opposition that we are rooted in people 's lives .
We must show that we are a party of idealists , not just managers . "
David Miliband , the bookies ' favourite , makes what appears to be a pointed attack on both his chief rivals ' analysis of why Labour lost the election , attacking a view that blamed boredom with the ruling party , the recession and voter anger about immigration as " a comfortable analysis , but wrong " .
says Labour lost " badly " at the election " because we did not occupy the ground of progressive reform . "
Ed Balls says the party needs to re-engage with people 's concerns over public services and Iraq .
Diane Abbott says Labour did itself " irreparable damage over civil liberties and human rights " .
John McDonnell warns against the leadership debate being confined to the " narrow margins " of New Labour .
Andy Burnham says antisocial behaviour and immigration are issues that Labour must tackle .
Ultra -clarifying moments of truth are sometimes possible when environmental groups and their so - called allies end up in “ family ” squabbles , disagreeing over implementation of their ill - conceived schemes .
The disarray , aptly described in prior posts at MasterResource by economist Robert Murphy and others as a civil war on the Left , ” has become commonplace with respect to cap - and - trade proposals .
And this is part of what Ken Green calls the death spiral of climate alarmism .
Just maybe the Coercion Crowd should throw up their hands and just say : give peace a chance !
Gaming the Carbon Market – Say It Is n’t So !
Yet another example of this discord , reported in a recent issue of E&E News PM , Climate : Enviro group outlines 10 schemes for gaming carbon markets —
05/18/2010 — www.eenews.net ( access with free trial subscr . ) involves Friends of the Earth ( FOE ) , which recently released a strongly worded critique of the Kerry - Lieberman climate bill .
In its guide , FOE inconveniently details how “ carbon offsets are especially prone to corruption and fraud ” and directly questions whether carbon markets are an appropriate mechanism to reduce greenhouse gases ( GHGs ) .
The guide derisively attacks cap - and - trade schemes detailing the ten ways carbon markets can be scammed “ at the expense of both our economy and our climate . ”
The scams enumerated carry such unflattering headings as , “ Ponzi carbon , ” “ Carbon bribery , ” and “ Sell fake carbon offset credits , ” among other derogatory descriptions .
Ouch !
I Ca n’t Believe You Said That !
Henry Derwent , President and CEO of the International Emissions Trading Association ( IETA ) , is none too happy with the publication of the FOE guide .
As reported in the E&E News article , Derwent complains that FOE is undermining and “ attacking ” the very scheme that will make addressing climate change “ palatable ” to business and lawmakers alike .
And further , “ FOE is undoing the very work it claims to support . ”
What likely upsets Derwent and others most , however , is that FOE has the audacity to expose the flaws , risks , inefficiencies , and damage to be caused by this faux “ market ” for GHG allowances and carbon credits .
They ’re not following the almighty “ script ” and are exposing environmentalists ’ proclamations for the frauds they really are .
It ’s an interesting dichotomy indeed to witness those who want to impose their anti-market , growth - stifling , draconian regulatory regimes upon our economy actually pause to ponder that which constitutes a real market .
The Scams Already Exist
Is FOE engaging in a bit of hyperbole in its analysis ?
On the contrary , it carefully documents that the empirical evidence shows such scams already exist in practice , particularly in Europe .
In another scam the guide refers to as “ Boost the baselines , ” firms inflate their projected emissions in order to claim a greater allocation of carbon permits .
FOE explains that this trickery is already well - known under the European Union Emissions Trading Scheme ( EUETS ) .
Citing various reports , FOE explains how exaggerated baselines under EUETS allow large corporations to rake in huge windfall profits noting , “ as a result of over - allocated permits … ten companies now have 35 million tons of surplus emissions … ”
FOE states , “ Over the five year trading period ( 2008 - 2012 ) , we estimate that the value of permits accruing to these ten companies will rise to € 3.2 billion ( approximately $ 4.17 billion ) . ”
All of this with little to no actual emissions reductions made in order to receive the surplus permits .
Hey , what about the environment ?
The Claims are Old News
The fact that proposed cap - and - trade schemes lack real market legitimacy is not a new revelation , however .
More than two and a half years ago , economists Arthur Laffer and Wayne Winegarden , in their September 2007 report , concluded : “ Technical difficulties in measuring and verifying the validity of traded GHG allowances imply that the global market will be inefficient and subject to manipulation and fraud . ”
Laffer explains , “ As a quantity constraint , cap - and - trade regulations inherently create more price volatility in the GHG allowance market , as has already been observed in Europe . ”
These conclusions lend support to the claims in the FOE guide .
Aside from these supposed “ mechanical ” problems of carbon trading , others point out how this house - of - cards - like market could be the next derivatives bubble blow up .
For example see ; Could Cap and Trade Cause Another Market Meltdown ? | Mother Jones
The Triumph of Politics over Science
An underlying theme of the disagreement over cap - and - trade among environmental groups boils down to political expediency rather than concern for the environment .
This is best exemplified by the frequent refrain regarding the paramount need to “ get 60 votes ” ( in the Senate ) or a reach a “ global deal ” no matter what the legislation may end up looking like .
The end game is just to pass something regardless of efficacy .
Let ’s hit the pause button for a moment and cut to the chase .
While politicians and environmental groups have been busy focusing the debate on process and procedure , it ’s nothing more than a big side show to the biggest inconvenient truth of all .
While it ’s interesting sport to see numerous environmental groups in disarray over the finer points of implementation , the science simply does n’t support the need for any of this nonsense .
It is the very big elephant in the room they ’ve all tried to ignore .
The sense of urgency to pass something , anything , is directly proportional to the beating the global warmies have been taking ( for some time now ) due to the lack of scientific evidence supporting the theory ( and that ’s all it is ) that man-made CO 2 is a major contributor to warming .
While space does not permit addressing the science here on CO 2 and GHGs , for reference see this excellent handbook The Heartland Institute : The Skeptic ’s Handbook made available by the Heartland Institute in Chicago , that eloquently makes the case in straight - forward , understandable language .
Conclusion
I have long believed “ gridlock ” in Washington D.C. is a good thing , often a really , really good thing .
This position , on occasion , draws perplexed looks from colleagues who believe Washington should just “ do something . ”
I prefer gridlock precisely because politicians cannot agree to do that “ something . ”
When they do achieve the overrated “ bi-partisan ” agreement on an issue , it usually involves attacks on our wallets and individual liberties simultaneously .
I am equally pleased , therefore , to see the gridlock that has emerged among environmental groups over cap - and - trade schemes .
Gridlock is indeed good if it prevents any of the cap - and - trade abominations from ever becoming law .
Glee and Community :
You knew they were both excellent first - season comedies with one - word names , but did you know that they had very , very similar props and costumes on more than one occasion ?
The above side - by - side comparison , put together an anonymous eagle - eyed TV viewer and discovered in the glorious chaos that is 4 chan ’s / tv/ board , puts that question to rest .
Update : Another blogger informs us that this Tumblr is the original source .
While I hesitate to say that the more popular Glee flat - out rips off Community , I will note that in the one comparison I could definitively source , Community did it first ( and , arguably , funnier ) by three months .
Update2 : We ’re hearing from a lot of sources that Glee and Community film on the same set , which goes some distance towards explaining the common pool of props .
( Though the decision to duplicate some of them between shows could be a form of jousting between the folks behind each . )
Further explanation of the side - by - sides below :
Top : Community ‘s Annie Edison ( Alison Brie ) and Glee ‘s Rachel Berry ( Lea Michele ) sport identical grey - pink - and - purple argyle sweaters .
Middle : Another argyle explosion : this time , Lea Michele to the left , Alison Brie to the right .
Update : ONTD commenters point out that the neckline on Alison Brie ’s sweater is different — while this could be an entirely different sweater , it could also have been sewn on .
Bottom : Glee ‘s Puck ( Mark Salling ) wears the same Phantom of the Opera mask as Community ‘s Jeff Winger ( Joel McHale ) .
While I can’t claim to know Glee or Community well enough to know which argyle came first , in this case Community clearly did it first .
McHale wore the Phantom mask in Community ’s “ Communication Studies , ” an episode which aired on February 11th of this year ( source ) ; Salling did n’t wear the mask until “ Bad Reputation , ” which aired on May 4th .
( source )
If you can identify the episodes for the first two comparisons , we ’d love to hear about it in the comments .
( via /tv / )
Have a tip we should know ?
tips@themarysue.com
President Obama goes one - on - one with Larry King on Thursday night to talk about the oil spill , economic turmoil and war .
Watch " Larry King Live , " at 9 p.m. ET .
Washington ( CNN ) -- President Obama told CNN's Larry King on Thursday that he is furious about the Gulf of Mexico oil spill , but his job is to fix things instead of just yelling at people .
In a White House interview for the 25th anniversary of " Larry King Live " on CNN , Obama called the oil spill an unprecedented crisis for the country but added it could have been worse .
Despite the challenges posed by the oil spill , global threats involving North Korea and Iran and political battles with Congress , Obama called being president " the best job on Earth . "
" It 's an extraordinary privilege to wake up every day and know you have the opportunity to serve the American people and make life better , " he said .
King noted that the latest CNN Poll of Polls showed Obama at 48 percent support among the American people , which the president called pretty good , considering the circumstances .
" Given everything that 's going on , my poll numbers are all right , " Obama said .
Asked about his anger toward the oil spill situation , Obama said he was furious because " somebody did n't think through the consequences of their actions . "
Obama also said he had not seen enough of a rapid response from BP to the environmental catastrophe .
" I would love to just spend a lot of my time venting and yelling at people , but that 's not the job I was hired to do , " Obama said .
" My job is to solve this problem and ultimately this is n't about me and how angry I am .
Ultimately this is about the people down in the Gulf who are being impacted and what am I doing to make sure that they 're able to salvage their way of life . "
Oil giant BP caused the spill and is responsible for paying the costs , Obama said , adding : " My job is to make sure they 're being held accountable . "
In the wide - ranging interview to be broadcast Thursday night , Obama also acknowledged Israel 's security concerns while questioning the Israeli blockade of Gaza following this week 's military raid on a flotilla of ships carrying relief supplies to the Palestinian territory .
The president called the incident that killed nine people , including a Turkish - American man , a " tragic situation " that could serve as " an opportunity " to advance the Middle East peace process . "
On the oil spill , Obama said BP has the best technology and know - how to try to stop the leak , but the president indicated that the spill could continue until relief wells being drilled now are completed in August .
Despite the havoc that the oil spill is causing to Gulf fisheries and fragile wetlands , Obama said he still supports off - shore drilling " if it can be done safely . "
Asked about reports that his administration had extended a moratorium on offshore drilling to shallow water rigs , Obama denied it .
" Actually the moratorium is not extended to the shallow waters , " the president said .
On another topic , Obama criticized Arizona 's controversial new immigration law because it could lead to " 50 different laws in 50 different states " regarding border security , which is a federal concern .
The interview took place shortly after Obama met with Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer , who said Obama pledged to work with her on solving the immigration problem .
The new Arizona law , which takes effect in July , allows police officers to check the residency status of anyone who is being investigated for a crime or possible legal infraction if there is reasonable suspicion the person is an illegal resident .
Critics , including Attorney General Eric Holder , have said the law will promote racial profiling .
Obama told CNN that the issue required a broader response than just strengthening border security , and he urged Congress to work with him on comprehensive immigration reform that would tighten the border while requiring illegal immigrants to register , pay back taxes and penalties , learn English and seek citizenship through normal channels .
The president also discussed the status of pending free agent basketball star Lebron James , saying that part of him hoped James would re-sign with the Cleveland Cavaliers because it would be a " great story . "
Obama , who is from Chicago and a known fan of the hometown Bulls , acknowledged his response might make people there unhappy .
The president also called Wednesday night 's White House concert honoring former Beatle Sir Paul McCartney a great event , particularly when McCartney serenaded the first lady with the love ballad that shares her first name , " Michelle . "
" When she was a little girl growing up on the South Side ( of Chicago ) , I do n't think she ever imagined that happening , " Obama said .
Image caption Customers are advised to stop using the glasses immediately
Fast food chain McDonald 's has recalled 12 m drinking glasses promoting the new Shrek movie because painted designs on them contain the toxic metal cadmium .
The glasses have been sold in the US for about $ 2 each and are available in four designs depicting the animated film 's main characters .
The US Consumer Product Safety Commission ( CPSC ) warned consumers to stop using the glasses immediately .
Cadmium can damage the liver , kidneys , lungs , nervous system and brain .
In the case of the Shrek glasses , there are concerns about long - term exposure to low levels .
The metal could leach from the paint onto a child 's hands and then enter the body if the child put the unwashed hand to his or her mouth .
' Very small amount '
McDonald 's said it was asking customers to stop using the glasses " out of an abundance of caution " .
" We believe the Shrek glassware is safe for consumer use , " said McDonald 's USA spokesman Bill Whitman .
" However , again to ensure that our customers receive safe products from us , we made the decision to stop selling them and voluntarily recall these products , effective immediately . "
CPSC spokesman Scott Wolfson said : " A very small amount of cadmium can come to the surface of the glass , and in order to be as protective as possible of children , CPSC and McDonald 's worked together on this recall . "
He said the amounts of cadmium that had leached from the paint in tests were " slightly above the protective level currently being developed by the agency " .
He added that the glasses had " far less cadmium " than items of children 's metal jewellery recalled by the CPSC this year .
Shrek Forever After , the fourth and final film in the Shrek series , was released last month in the United States .
A Jefferson High School teacher has been removed from the classroom after a student complained of racist remarks .
Senior Augustine Ortiz said he was in English class one day late last week , and his teacher began the class with a discussion of the changes to immigration enforcement law in Arizona .
The new law has created a firestorm of controversy in recent weeks , sparking a series of protests and plans for legal challenges .
Ortiz , who was wearing a jersey from a Mexican soccer team , said the teacher told him to sit in the front row .
She proceeded to single him out repeatedly , Ortiz said , pointing at him as she made comments like , “ The Mexicans with their attitudes are the racist ones . ”
Continuing to point at Ortiz , she allegedly told the class that Mexicans always “ expect handouts ” and “ soon it 's going to be the United States of Mexico , ” according to Ortiz .
Efforts to reach the teacher , who has been placed on administrative leave , were unsuccessful .
“ I 'm afraid she has no comment , ” said a man who answered at a phone number listed under the teacher 's name .
Another student in the class that day , Reina Mondragon , 18 , corroborated Ortiz 's story .
“ The kind of discussion that we had on Thursday , May 6 , was n't like the discussions that we normally have , ” she said , adding the teacher questioned why documents in the United States frequently are translated into Spanish and whether Mexicans should be allowed to own land in this country .
“ It did n't feel like a discussion to me .
It felt more like an attack , and like she was judging people from Mexico , ” said Mondragon , whose father is a naturalized citizen from Mexico .
“ She usually has discussions , but they 've never gone this critical or this far . ”
Ortiz , a mariachi whose grandparents are from Mexico , went to the office to complain .
The principal was away that day , so he spoke with a vice principal , who Ortiz said brushed him off .
“ That day I was so upset , ” Ortiz said .
When the school 's principal was notified Monday of the incident , the teacher was removed from the classroom and an investigation was launched , said Leslie Price , a spokeswoman for the San Antonio Independent School District .
The San Antonio Express - News is not identifying the teacher pending the results of the investigation .
Price said she could n't comment about what type of disciplinary action might be meted out , should the inquiry find inappropriate comments were made during class .
“ We 'll do what we consider to be appropriate for the outcome of the investigation , ” she said .
There 's no timeline for completion of the investigation , but Price said the district is moving swiftly .
Across the country , the Arizona law has spurred heated discussion , debate and protests from opponents who label it as thinly disguised racial profiling .
The rancor over potential civil - rights violations also has triggered boycotts and convention cancellations .
Several national organizations plan legal challenges , and the Arizona Republic reported the city of Phoenix estimates it will lose $ 90 million in convention business over the next five years .
So far , the largest public protests occurred May 1 , when hundreds of thousands of marchers in at least 70 U.S. cities , including San Antonio , took to the streets to oppose the Arizona law .
Angie Garcia , a neighbor of the school and a state adviser with the League of United Latin American Citizens , said the principal handled the situation well upon her return by referring the matter to human resources , but that more needs to be done .
She called the teacher 's alleged remarks appalling .
LULAC is calling for the teacher to apologize to Jefferson students over the school 's intercom system , Garcia said .
Ortiz 's father also supports the idea of a public apology .
The teacher already has apologized to his son , Daniel Ortiz said , adding he does n't want the teacher to be fired .
Augustine Ortiz said he was not satisfied with the apology he received .
“ Everybody had their own views on it .
That 's fine , but I felt offended and that 's what matters , ” he said .
“ There 's a time and a place for everything and this was not the time or the place .
...
You 're supposed to be neutral .
You 're supposed to provide information to educate your students . ”
Perhaps most upsetting to Ortiz was that the teacher in question had been his favorite instructor .
“ She actually said we need to stand up for what we believe in , ” he said .
“ And now I 'm standing up for what I believe in . ”
Staff Writer Elaine Ayala contributed to this report .
As originally published , this story contained an error .
What is going on in the Emerald City ?
It was n’t too long ago we saw security officers stand around and watch a girl get jumped .
Now we see a police officer punching a sista in the face ?
This is beyond disturbing .. Keep in mind we have police officers around the country trying to make it illegal to film them ..
Go figure ..
Below is the police account of the incident
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9w9AfptGGQ&feature=player_embedded
http://www.komonews.com/news/local/96353934.html
SEATTLE — Seattle police are investigating what they call an assault of an officer in South Seattle .
However , a police officer is seen punching a 17 - year - old girl in the face during the incident captured by a video camera on Monday .
According to Seattle police , the incident began when an officer spotted a man jaywalking in the 3100 block of Martin Luther King , Jr. Way S. at approximately 3:10 p.m .
The man was some 15 feet away from a pedestrian overpass , police said .
The officer was talking to the man when he saw four young women jaywalk across the same street at the same spot .
The officer asked the women to step over to his patrol car , but the women were being “ verbally antagonistic toward the officer , ” according to officials .
One of the women , later identified as a 19 year old , began to walk away from the scene despite the officer ’s instructions , prompting the officer to walk over to her and escort her back to his patrol car .
The girl then “ began to tense up her arm , and pull away from the officer while yelling at him , ” investigators said .
The officer told the girl to place her hands on his patrol car , but she refused .
When the officer tried to grab hold of her , “ she pulled away and twisted , breaking free of the officer ’s grip several times , ” the blotter report said .
When the officer tried to handcuff the girl , another girl , this one 17 years old , intervened and placed her hands on the officer ’s arm , “ causing the officer to believe she was attempting to physically affect the first subject ’s escape , ” police said .
The officer pushed back the second girl , but the girl came back at him .
The officer then punched her , police said .
The officer then handcuffed the 19 - year - old woman .
Other officers arrived and helped handcuff the second girl .
Both teens were cited for jaywalking .
The older suspect was booked into the King County Jail for investigation of obstructing an officer .
The 17 - year - old girl was booked into the Youth Service Center for investigation of assault of an officer .
Nobody was injured during the incident , police said .
Seattle police have not reviewed the video of the incident .
Sgt. Sean Whitcomb said investigators may review the video on Tuesday .
Whitcomb said the officer involved in the incident sent out a call for help , prompting other officers to rush to his aid .
All use of force on the job is reviewed , Whitcomb said , as use of force is under the officer ’s discretion .
He added that punching is a trained tactic .
“ There will be a thorough investigation into this incident , ” he said .
Minerals in northern Mars craters seen by two orbiters suggest that a phase in Mars ' early history with conditions favorable to life occurred globally , not just in the south .
Southern and northern Mars differ in many ways , so the extent to which they shared ancient environments has been open to question .
In recent years , the European Space Agency 's Mars Express orbiter and NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter have found clay minerals that are signatures of a wet environment at thousands of sites in the southern highlands of Mars , where rocks on or near the surface are about four billion years old .
Until this week , no sites with those minerals had been reported in the northern lowlands , where younger volcanic activity has buried the older surface more deeply .
French and American researchers report in the journal Science this week that some large craters penetrating younger , overlying rocks in the northern lowlands expose similar mineral clues to ancient wet conditions .
" We can now say that the planet was altered on a global scale by liquid water about four billion years ago , " said John Carter of the University of Paris , the report 's lead author .
Other types of evidence about liquid water in later epochs on Mars tend to point to shorter durations of wet conditions or water that was more acidic or salty .
advertisement
The researchers used the Compact Reconnaissance Imaging Spectrometer for Mars ( CRISM ) , an instrument on the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , to check 91 craters in the northern lowlands .
In at least nine , they found clays and clay - like minerals called phyllosilicates , or other hydrated silicates that form in wet environments on the surface or underground .
Earlier observations with the OMEGA spectrometer on Mars Express had tentatively detected phyllosilicates in a few craters of the northern plains , but the deposits are small , and CRISM can make focused observations on smaller areas than OMEGA .
" We needed the better spatial resolution to confirm the identifications , " Carter said .
" The two instruments have different strengths , so there is a great advantage to using both . "
CRISM Principal Investigator Scott Murchie of Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory , Laurel , Md. , a co-author of the new report , said that the findings aid interpretation of when the wet environments on ancient Mars existed relative to some other important steps in the planet 's early history .
The prevailing theory for how the northern part of the planet came to have a much lower elevation than the southern highlands is that a giant object slammed obliquely into northern Mars , turning nearly half of the planet 's surface into the solar system 's largest impact crater .
The new findings suggest that the formation of water - related minerals , and thus at least part of the wet period that may have been most favorable to life , occurred between that early giant impact and the later time when younger sediments formed an overlying mantle .
" That large impact would have eliminated any evidence for the surface environment in the north that preceded the impact , " Murchie said .
" It must have happened well before the end of the wet period . "
The report's other two authors are Francois Poulet and OMEGA Principal Investigator Jean - Pierre Bibring , both of the University of Paris .
In 2013 , the earth will be attacked from space , with one possible outcome being mind - bogglingly severe disruption to our tech - centric way of life .
" The sun is waking up from a deep slumber , and in the next few years , we expect to see much higher levels of solar activity , " says Richard Fisher , head of NASA 's Heliophysics Division .
" At the same time , our technological society has developed an unprecedented sensitivity to solar storms . "
Fisher 's comments came during the run-up to last week 's Space Weather Enterprise Forum 2010 , at which scientists gathered to discuss how to prepare for the massive solar storms set to strike the earth in 2013 .
" We know it is coming but we do n’t know how bad it is going to be , " Fisher told the Daily Telegraph .
" It will disrupt communication devices such as satellites and car navigations , air travel , the banking system , our computers , everything that is electronic .
It will cause major problems for the world . "
The earth has been battered by solar storms before , but never has civilization been so vulnerable , since it's now so dependent upon both electrical and electronic infrastructure .
In pre-electronic and barely electrical 1859 , a " perfect space storm " shorted out telegraph lines in the US and Europe , causing numerous fires .
It also made the Northern Lights visible as far south as Rome , Havana and Hawaii , according to NASA — contemporary accounts relate how a group of campers in the Rocky Mountains were awakened by an " auroral light , so bright that one could easily read common print .
Some of the party insisted that it was daylight and began the preparation of breakfast . "
In 1921 , a solar storm induced ground currents that crippled the New York transit system .
In 1989 , another solar storm brought down the entire Quebec power grid due to those pesky ground currents , and plunged six million people into darkness on a cold , cold Canadian night .
Fischer sees serious trouble ahead from the 2013 peak solar activity attacks .
" I think the issue is now that modern society is so dependent on electronics , mobile phones and satellites , much more so than the last time this occurred , " he said .
" There is a severe economic impact from this .
We take it very seriously .
The economic impact could be like a large , major hurricane or storm . "
That economic impact could be a " space weather Katrina , " according to a 2008 report from the US National Academies of Sciences ' Space Studies Board entitled Severe Space Weather Events : Understanding Societal and Economic Impacts .
" Strong auroral currents , which wreaked havoc with the telegraph networks during the [ 1859 ] event , " the report warns , " can disrupt and damage electric power grids and may contribute to the corrosion of oil and gas pipelines .
" Economic and societal costs attributable to impacts of geomagnetic storms could be of unprecedented levels , " the report concludes .
The cost of hurricane Katrina , estimated to be between $ 81bn and $ 125bn , would be piddling when compared to the effect of a " future severe geomagnetic storm scenario , " which the report estimates could run as high as $ 1 trillion to $ 2 trillion in the first year .
Depending on damage , the report contends , full recovery could take 4 to 10 years .
Scary estimates , indeed , but — as with that other scary eventuality , global climate change — preparation could help mitigate the effects of another " perfect space storm " .
Fisher told the Telegraph that precautions could include , for example , creating power - grid backup systems so that if transformers or giant load - balancing capacitors are fried by a solar outburst , Plan B could go into effect .
" If you know that a hazard is coming ... and you have time enough to prepare and take precautions , then you can avoid trouble , " he said .
You can keep tabs on what the sun is throwing at us at the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Space Weather Prediction Center .
But do n't worry too much — after all , if the Mayan calendar is correct , we need not fret about 2013 . ®
Sam Lake clearly likes messed up characters .
Well , that 's not quite it – he likes intelligently messed up characters .
Seven years ago , the writer at Finnish studio Remedy Entertainment brought a deeper , more intriguing incarnation of the loose cannon cop to third - person shooter , Max Payne .
The character 's life was a Shakespearean vortex of remorse and violence , his internal monologues littered with extended metaphors , his world awash with mythological references .
For the last five years , Lake has been applying his dark imagination to the long - awaited Xbox 360 thriller , Alan Wake .
Here , the eponymous hero is a bestselling author , struck by writer 's block and desperate to re-ignite his creativity .
So he and his wife head out to a remote town in Washington for some rest and relaxation , only to find that a dark presence has infected the community ; and it seems
Wake may have more to do with it than he knows .
To create this story of paranoia and supernatural fear , Lake has taken inspiration from Stephen King , Twin Peaks and Lost , crafting a new take on the survival horror genre in the process .
But how much can linear narrative influences help in the construction of an interactive experience ?
And if Alan Wake really is planned like a TV series , with the first title representing season one , where can we expect things to go next ?
Last week , we spoke to Sam about his approach to writing and his plans for Wake .
Here 's part one of that interview ...
Before joining Remedy you studied screenwriting at the Theater Academy of Finland .
How much of that experience have you been able to apply to game design ?
Well , there are similarities , but there are also things you need to do in a completely different way .
The storytelling process in general , and using visual and audio elements in storytelling , is very similar .
Also , the way you write dialogue is the same whether you 're writing for movies or TV or games .
We use movie scriptwriting software to write the screenplays for our games , but naturally we have things in the script that you would never have in a movie script – different branches and optional dialogue , for example .
But still , when it comes to storytelling and dialogue , they are very much the same .
I 'm not sure all writers feel such close synchronicity between TV , movie and game writing .
Do you think your approach allowed you to do things with Max Payne that game narratives had n't done before ?
Well , for me , with the Max Payne games , it was very important to have different levels in the story , both the external action and the internal struggles of the main character .
I was looking at it from the perspective of Payne 's character and kind of saw the whole gloomy version of New York as a projection of what was going on in his mind .
It was very important to let the player step inside Max 's head and see what was going on .
With action games , I do n't think that had really been done before .
And that 's kind of what 's happening in Alan Wake is n't it ?
he 's undergoing a crisis and the town he visits – Bright Falls – somehow comes to reflect that ...
Yes , definitely .
It 's the way I like to approach a story in general .
In Alan Wake , the themes revolve around primitive fears – the fear of the dark , the fear of water , the fear of the unknown .
Alan
Wake journeys from a big city to this remote town and experiences all of these fears ; and a dark forest felt like a very fitting setting to wrestle with those deeply rooted subconscious fears that are familiar to all of us .
I feel that every single one of us has experienced the fear of the dark when we were children .
So what brought you to this game , this character and these themes ?
I was involved from the very beginning of Alan Wake and different elements of the game came at different times early on .
Here at Remedy we like to begin with the high concept , the vision , and we feel that the story and the main character are very much part of that initial phase .
We build the whole thing around them .
The theme of primal fear was part of the very first high level concept that we were talking about – and there were many elements in there already that I felt would be very important .
With Alan Wake 's character , I felt that he needs to be an everyman .
I did n't want to have a professional action hero in this game , I wanted a character who needs to grow into that role to survive .
I wanted to make a deeper and more realistic character than you have in action games generally , so Alan Wake is an ordinary man who struggles with ordinary problems , like difficulties in his relationship , problems with his work ...
He 's not perfect , he does have flaws , he has a problem with his temper , he has difficulties dealing with the success he has garnered , he has partied too much .
In some ways he is bored of writing the same things over and over again – he wants a change in his life , but can't find out how .
For that reason , he 's suffering from writer 's block .
All of these things piece by piece came together to create the character .
And the setting ?
It was there from the very early stages .
This kind of idyllic and slightly quirky All American small town is a very well - known concept from pop culture in general .
But in games , we have not really seen a small town as it is portrayed in movies and TV series ' , so it felt like a good setting .
But parallels could be drawn with Silent Hill 2 - an everyman returns to a favourite rural haunt only to find it infected by a supernatural presence that symbolises his distubed state of mind ...
Were you concerned about comparisons ?
I suppose it is inevitable that players draw comparisons between the set ups of the two games , but I 'm confident that when players experience Alan Wake , they 'll see that what 's going on in there is something totally different than what 's happening in Silent Hill .
Having a writer as the lead character is interesting because it allows you to create a very literate internal monologue , but it also explores the whole notion of the video game player as a creative force .
Were these the intentions ?
One of the reasons that Alan Wake ended up being a writer was that , with the Max Payne games , I had used the internal monologue if you will , the voice of narration , which is very common in hardboiled crime fiction , as a story telling tool and it was a very good tool .
Narration in general is a very good tool , it works very well in a game , and I wanted to do that again with Alan Wake , but from a different angle .
That 's where the professional story teller element came in – it should be his story that 's coming true , he 's the story teller in it .
That was the first step to making him a writer .
I also wanted to use the writing process in a way , the creative process of working on a large project like this .
On one level of the story , it 's almost a metaphor for what 's happening to him , that he 's struggling to create his work , and the difficulties he 's facing .
And naturally as a writer , to me it is familiar and something that I know a lot about .
It felt like a very good way to bring additional depth into Alan Wake 's story ...
Part two tomorrow .
THE state of Illinois has a rather crude way of coping with its ballooning budget deficit .
It stops paying bills .
Already , it has failed to pay more than $ 5 billion - worth .
State legislators are paying their own office rent to avoid eviction .
Schools and public universities are having their budgets cut .
Illinois owes Shore Community Services , a non-profit agency in suburban Chicago , some $ 1.6 m for services to the mentally disabled .
The agency has had to lay off a dozen staff .
Jerry Gulley , the executive director , says his outfit 's line of credit could be exhausted soon .
The bank will not accept the state 's IOUs as collateral .
“ That 's how sad it is , ” shrugs Mr Gulley .
Comparisons between incontinent American states and Greece are all the rage .
Though this is an exaggeration , credit - default - swap spreads , which measure investors ' expectations of default , are wider for some American states than they are for some of the euro zone 's other peripheral economies ( see chart ) .
There are other similarities .
Like members of the euro zone , American states may not declare bankruptcy , cannot be sued by creditors and , thanks to America 's federal structure , cannot be forced to behave by a higher level of government .
They also do not issue their own currency , so inflating away their debt is not an option .
And , like many European governments , state legislatures and governors are reluctant to impose the necessary pain .
The Illinois legislature recently passed a budget for the next fiscal year , starting on July 1st , which leaves a $ 13 billion deficit to be closed .
The parallels with Europe are unfair , though only up to a point .
American state and local debt last year was $ 2.4 trillion , about 16 % of gdp .
But most of that debt is issued by local governments or state agencies and has specific assets or fees , such as road tolls , earmarked for paying it back .
Even in the weakest states , debt that needs to be paid out of general tax revenue was under 5 % of GDP last year .
Greece 's was 115 % .
The numbers for deficits show an even greater contrast .
California 's deficit , assuming the state fails to close it , would equal only 1 % of its GDP , compared with 14 % for Greece and 9 % for Portugal last year .
Greece and Portugal do not have separate federal and state governments , however .
So a fairer comparison would take account of gross American federal debt , which currently stands at 85 % of GDP .
This underlines the fact that most of America 's debt problem is federal not local .
The consequence is that , because states ' refinancing requirements are relatively low compared with their tax revenues , no state faces an imminent liquidity crisis .
California 's treasurer , Bill Lockyer , is fond of saying that California will not default unless there is thermonuclear war .
It was not always that way .
From 1841 to 1842 , in the wake of a series of financial panics and recessions , eight states and Florida ( then a territory ) defaulted .
John Wallis of the University of Maryland says that this first series of defaults led states to set up strong constitutional barriers to debt accumulation .
States now commonly require either a referendum or a supermajority vote of the legislature to issue a general obligation bond ( one not backed by earmarked revenues ) .
All states , except tiny Vermont , now require their annual operating budgets to be balanced , which limits the racking up of debt over time .
Many state constitutions also enforce repayment of debt .
In California , for example , only schools can be paid ahead of bondholders .
This is one reason that state defaults are so rare ; the last was by Arkansas in 1933 .
In 1975 , New York state passed a moratorium on servicing New York City debt unless its holders agreed to a restructuring .
The next year the state 's court of appeals ruled it unconstitutional .
Still , the prospect of default is not quite as remote as these comforting comparisons suggest .
That New York even tried to force a restructuring on creditors , albeit New York City's , illustrates that the threat of default is primarily not economic , but political .
With revenue plummeting , legislatures and governors are often unable to agree on spending cuts or higher taxes to narrow the gap .
California 's dysfunctional politics are a big reason why Moody 's rates California only a few notches above junk .
“ This is the seventh - largest economy in the world — it 's not an ability - to - pay issue , ” says Robert Kurtter of Moody's .
States are also finding ways round the constitutional barriers to borrowing .
New York needs voters to approve any general - obligation bond ; so , since 2002 , it has relied on bonds backed by personal income - tax revenues which do n't require that approval .
In January Illinois issued $ 3.5 billion in bonds to fund its pension payments , and may issue a similar amount in the coming fiscal year , though pension obligations are clearly an operating expense .
Most troubling of all is the squeeze budgets are facing from their unfunded obligations for civil - service retirement pension and health benefits .
The Pew Centre on the States , a research organisation , put these at $ 1 trillion in 2008 .
In a report , Joshua Rauh and Robert Novy - Marx , finance professors at Northwestern University and the University of Chicago respectively , note that these liabilities are coming due at an alarming rate .
By 2018 Illinois will be paying $ 14 billion a year in benefits , equal to more than a third of the state 's revenue , compared with $ 6.5 billion now .
Mr Rauh says bondholders should worry because several state constitutions , including those of Illinois and New York , make state pensions senior to bond debt .
Still , the assumption of many investors is that the federal government would never let a state default .
It might allow an isolated case , but if a default looked like the start of a wave , the federal government would surely blink — just as Europe did when confronted by Greece .
By Marlene Cimons , National Science Foundation
Man -- and woman ’s -- best friend likely can trace its origins to Middle Eastern wolves , not Asian or European wolves as previously thought , according to a genetic analysis by an international team of scientists led by UCLA biologists .
“ Ours was a much more thorough analysis , ’’ than earlier studies , said Robert Wayne , UCLA professor of ecology and evolutionary biology , and lead author of the paper , which appeared recently in the journal Nature .
“ We looked across the entire dog genome , which allowed us to build a more realistic dog scenario of dogs ’ origins from the wolf population . ’’
The researchers studied genetic data from more than 900 dogs from 85 breeds , including all the major ones , and more than 200 wild gray wolves worldwide , including populations from North America , Europe , the Middle East and Asia .
They used molecular genetic techniques to analyze more than 48,000 genetic markers , vastly more than any earlier studies .
The process relied on a technology called a single nucleotide polymorphism , or SNP , genotyping chip , which integrates the nucleotides at 48,000 different locations , providing information on how breeds are related to one another , and to wolves .
Earlier studies had suggested an East Asian origin based on the higher diversity of mitochondrial sequences in East Asia and China than from anywhere else in the world .
Mitochondria are tiny cellular structures outside the nucleus that produce energy , and have their own genome .
But that research was based only on one sequence , a small part of the mitochondrial genome , Wayne said .
“ What we found is much more consistent with the archaeological record , ’’ Wayne said .
“ We found strong kinship to Middle Eastern gray wolves and , to some extent , European gray wolves , but much less so to any wolves from East Asia , ’’ he added .
Although 80 percent of dog breeds are modern ones , evolving only in the last few hundred years , some dog breeds have ancient histories that date back thousands of years .
The first dogs that appeared in the Middle Eastern archaeological record date back 12,000 to 13,000 years , while wolves go back hundreds of thousands of years , he said .
The oldest dogs from the archaeological record come from Europe and Western Russia – a dog from Belgium dates back 31,000 years , while a group of dogs from Western Russia goes back about 15,000 years , he said .
“ They already look domesticated , and they look more like Great Danes than they do wolves , ’’ Wayne said .
“ There are dogs closely associated with human culture in the Middle East , ’’ he continued .
“ They are various sizes , and they are in close proximity to humans .
They are buried with them , in various affectionate poses .
In one case , a puppy is curled up in the arms of a buried human .
We know this was occurring very early . ’’
Some very old strains of dogs may be mixed with modern breeds , enhancing their diversity in certain areas , such as East Asia , according to the researchers .
Moreover , one small set of East Asian breeds does not indicate a Middle East origin , and does show a high level of genetic sharing with Chinese wolves , suggesting that there was some intermixing between East Asian dog breeds and East Asian wolves , although it is unclear when this occurred , they said .
However , the vast majority of the dogs studied show significant levels of sharing with Middle Eastern wolves , the said .
It is possible that some populations of wolves , tens of thousands of years ago , began to follow humans – nomads , hunters – and developed a mutually beneficial relationship , he said .
“ Wolves may have provided some degree of protection , and helped with the hunt , whereas humans provided food , ’’ Wayne said .
“ There was a kind of natural symbiosis that developed between wolves and people .
Those early prototypes specialized in the human niche . ’’
Today ’s domesticated dogs , however , “ are a far cry from these early prototypes , ’’ he added .
“ Dogs genetically and to some extent behaviorally , share many attributes with wolves .
If you raise a wolf from a puppy , you can sometimes develop bonds , but they would always have a certain wildness . ’’
The researchers also developed the first evolutionary tree of dog breeds , showing a surprising structure that suggests the new breeds were developed from crosses within specific breed groups that share particular traits , Wayne said .
For example , “ if you want a new sight hound , they tend to cross sight hounds with each other , and the same with herding dogs and retrieving dogs , ’’ he said .
“ This may not seem so surprising , but we had no reason to think beforehand that these groups would be strongly genealogical . ’’
Toy dogs proved to be one exception .
“ In this grouping , there are many different kinds of lineages represented , including traces of herding dogs and retrievers , ‘’ Wayne said .
“ When it comes to miniaturizing a dog , breeders start with a larger breed , and cross that with a miniature dog . ’’
Toy breeds “ have contributions from everywhere , ’’ he added .
“ That was a surprise , but in retrospect , it makes sense .
When you want to create a dwarf breed , you cross a toy with an existing breed . ’’
The tree “ provides a mechanism of dog evolution , ’’ Wayne said .
“ It tells us why there are so many different kinds of dogs , and something about how new dogs are created . ’’
Other members of the research team included : John Novembre , UCLA assistant professor of ecology and evolutionary biology ; Bridgett vonHoldt , a UCLA graduate student in Wayne ’s laboratory ; Eunjung Han , a UCLA graduate student of Novembre ’s in biostatistics ; John Pollinger , director of UCLA ’s Conservation Genetics Resource Center and associate director of the Center for Tropical Research at UCLA ’s Institute of the Environment ; and James Knowles , a graduate student from Canada ’s University of Alberta working in Wayne ’s laboratory .
Also , researchers from the National Institutes of Health / National Human Genome Research Institute led by Elaine Ostrander ; a group led by Carlos Bustamante , formerly of the Cornell University Department of Biological Statistics and Computational Biology and now a professor of genetics at the Stanford University School of Medicine ; and scientists from China , Israel , Australia , Europe and Canada .
The work was funded by the National Science Foundation and the Searle Scholars Program .
---
AIPAC embraces Biden statement
The pro-Israel lobby AIPAC , which had so far avoided either criticism or praise of the Administration 's stance on the Gaza flotilla incident , thanked Vice President Joe Biden and Congressional leaders of both parties for their statements today -- a mark of how Biden 's words of support for Israel and understanding for its blockade tipped the balance of the Administration 's rhetoric toward sympathy with Israel .
" We appreciate the many strong statements of support for Israel from members of Congress and the Vice President today , " said AIPAC spokesman Josh Block .
" Vice President Joe Biden , Majority Leader Steny Hoyer and GOP Whip Eric Cantor have it right .
The United States stands shoulder to shoulder with Israel and simply will not allow Israel to be isolated and falsely accused .
As the Vice President said , " I think Israel has an absolute right to deal with its security interest ... Israel has a right to know — they 're at war with Hamas — has a right to know whether or not arms are being smuggled in . "
President Obama and his aides had sought a carefully modulated line before Biden 's interview with Charlie Rose , matching muted support for Israel with some criticism of the blockade .
But Biden was more full - throated , backing the Israeli right to turn back the ship and suggesting the flotilla organizers should simply have dropped off their humanitarian supplies nearby for Israeli inspection .
Majority Whip Steny Hoyer , meanwhile , said Israel had " rightfully " sought to enforce its blockade , while Cantor backed Israel to the hilt and cast doubt on the " humanitarian " mission of the flotilla .
Trains might be a reasonably cheap transport option - but rail infrastructure is very costly to build .
Monorail , maglev systems and high speed rail are more expensive again - and prices really skyrocket when you have to build bridges , tunnels and winding mountain routes , or cover difficult terrain .
Which is why Anatoly Unitsky 's String Transport Systems look like they 've got so much potential .
The system uses solid steel / concrete rails , reinforced with extremely high tension steel wires , to provide an efficient and smooth rail system anywhere between 3 to 30 meters above the ground .
It 's earthquake , hurricane and terrorist - proof , and capable of supporting vehicle speeds over 500 kmh , too , making it a genuine high - speed rail alternative , for a fraction of the price of road or ground rail alternatives .
Fascinating stuff !
The String Rail System
The UST uses steel or concrete rails , reinforced by hundreds of high - tension wires running through the middle of the rail , suspended above the ground on towers approximately 30 m apart .
Unlike roads or rail systems , it can traverse mountains and other rough terrain in a straight line , and it 's equally adept at crossing shallow waters , desert or forest , with minimal environmental impact at the ground level .
Optimal height for a UTS support tower would be around 5 - 6 m above ground - or 10 - 20 m where the underlying terrain is very rough .
If money is no object , there 's no reason why support towers could n't be increased to as much as 100 m high or more .
Because it 's a combination of solid steel / concrete and high - tension wires , it 's not really appropriate to think of the UST as something like a chairlift .
In fact , it 's more accurate to look at a UST track more or less as a tiny pre-stressed concrete bridge , built for a fraction of the cost of a ground rail system or even a motorway .
String Transport Systems.wmv
A fraction the cost of rail
The above video outlines the rough process of building a UTS installation , and also shows a modified truck driving on an early demonstration installation in Russia .
A UST system is cheap to install for the simple fact that you can built it with a minimum of materials per km , and a minimum of ground preparation .
You do n't need to build expensive overpasses , tunnels or other infrastructure to make the UTS fit in around existing roads and other infrastructure - it 's already up off the ground and out of the way .
Cost estimates are so low as to look downright suspicious - Unitsky quotes a figure of as low as US $ 50,000 per km for assembled string rail .
Compare this to the cost of recent low - speed surface rail installations in Australia - from which the cost of a double - track rail service , not including land acquisition or station building , is very optimistically estimated at around AUD4.12 million ( US $ 345 million ) per km .
The real cost of underground rail is in the realm of 10 times higher .
Unitsky estimates the final cost of a high - speed UST installation as being somewhere between three and 10 times less expensive per km than a railway , maglev system , monorail system or motorway .
This is borne out in the estimated project cost of a potential installation between Abu Dhabi / Dubai / Sharjah - a 138 km route estimated at US $ 280 million , or a little over US $ 2 million per km .
It 's unclear where this figure comes from , or whether it includes land acquisition , stations and other supporting infrastructure .
350 -500 kmh high speed string rail
The running surface it provides is exceptionally smooth - the tension of the steel wires within each rail ensures that there 's a sag of only 1 - 5 cm between support posts so there 's no perceivable ' bump ' as a vehicle passes over them .
The smooth surface and negligible sag make the UST appropriate for high speed transit - Unitsky believes 350 kmh ( ~220 mph ) should be immediately within reach , with 500 kmh ( over 300 mph ) possible after further development .
Aerodynamics are on the UST system 's side as well - the biggest issue for ground vehicles at high speed is the pressure generated by air passing underneath , which causes the vehicle to lift off the ground .
Formula one cars and other high - speed ground vehicles combat this by using spoliers and other design features to catch wind on the top of the vehicle and push it downward .
A UST system has no need for these kinds of aerodynamic inefficiencies - the vehicles can be shaped for minimum frontal drag with no consideration for downforce , as air underneath the vehicle can move as freely as air above it .
The aerodynamic drag coefficient of the Toyota Prius , a leader in passenger car aerodynamics , is around 0.26 .
A hummer H2 , built with almost no drag consideration , has a drag coefficient of around 0.57 .
The German - designed Transrapid Maglev monorail connecting Shanghai to the Pudong International Airport has a top speed of 430 kmh and a drag coefficient of 0.26 - and a passenger vehicle designed for the string transport system has already been wind tunnel tested as having a drag coefficient of just 0.075 .
This is a big deal - as speeds increase , aerodynamic drag becomes far and away the biggest force a moving vehicle needs to overcome .
The UST has a big advantage here .
Aerodynamic efficiency , coupled with the rolling efficiency of steel or alloy wheels on a solid concrete beam , lets the UST reach high speeds without requiring huge amounts of power .
A simple 80 kW ( 107 hp ) engine is all you 'd need to get a 20 - person passenger vehicle up to 200 - 250 kmh .
With a 200 kW engine , you could hit 400 kmh - a feat that the Bugatti Veyron needs over 700 kW to achieve .
A few string rail tidbits
There 's so much information at the String Transport website that we could sit here writing about this system all week - so , while the high speed , high efficiency and low rollout cost of the UST system are probably the key features , here 's a few other interesting tidbits :
Anatoly Unitsky first started developing the UST system in 1977 , and between him and a team that has at times included as many as 100 people , total development time stands at more than 500 man -years ;
A pilot installation in Khabarovsk , Eastern Russia , was planned for 2008 , but canceled after specialists from the Moscow State University of Railway Engineering gave the project a negative review ;
For the most part , vehicles will travel more or less horizontally on the UST string rails .
But if a load needs to be carried up a steep gradient , it 's possible to use a different wheel configuration that increases friction and enables travel at up to 45 - 60 degrees of elevation ;
Unitsky claims the combination of rigidity and high tension makes the UST track structure extremely resistant to wind deflection - even hurricane - strength winds that can destroy power lines should have little effect on the UST structure .
I 'm not sure I 'd want to be riding a string rail vehicle in a hurricane myself , though !
Unitsky appears to be currently living in New South Wales , Australia , where his new company String Transport Systems is trying to get the UST system off the ground ( pun intended ) as a mineral haulage alternative in the Australian mining industry , where difficult terrain often inhibits mining operations ;
Due to the high tensions involved , it 's not a simple operation for a UST track to go around a corner .
Gentle curves are OK , but if you need to make a 90 - degree turn , for example , you need to build a section of solid , non-tensioned rail for this purpose , and let the tensioned UST system lead in and out of the corner ;
If some catastrophic event , like an earthquake or a terrorist attack , was to destroy one of the support towers , passengers on the UST would hardly notice , according to Unitsky .
The doubling of bridge span would result in an increased track deformation , but this would be taken up by the vehicle 's suspension .
Here 's another video - a CAD mockup showing how Unitsky envisions the UST operating as an urban and regional transport system .
Let us know if you can translate the Russian for us !
String Transport Unitsky (1 )
The next video covers a range of the technologies Unitsky has patented in the 33 years he 's been working on the system - including some pretty nifty vehicle designs and prototypes .
STS Patent Movie.wmv
And finally , another video showing the rather sorry recent state of the original UST test installation from the first video .
Situated in Ozery , around 100 km outside Moscow , the test rig ( built around 2001 ? ... the date is hard to pin down ) now sits unattended , and as the videomaker points out , you can wander in and out and climb around on the facility as you please .
This video also offers a great close - up view of the UST technology , years after its original implementation .
It looks a little rusted , warped in places and in a general state of disrepair .
I wonder if that warping is any cause for concern !
Полигон струнного транспорта Юницкого в Озёрах
Where to from here ?
In all , the Unitsky String Transport System is a fascinating transportation alternative that seems to have notable advantages over rail , monorail , maglev and road transport .
Would I find it a bit freaky to be doing 350 kmh while hanging from a wire ?
Yes sir .
Am I entirely convinced that the strings wo n't snap , even if a tower or three get taken out ?
No .
Would a full scale demonstration convince me ?
Probably , yes .
And this is the stage Unitsky is stuck at .
His demonstration rig is small - scale , and there 's nothing like the UST in operation anywhere in the world .
He 's just finished a round of fundraising in Australia , and is currently planning to build a larger scale pilot / demonstration track .
To be of satisfactory value as a demo rig , the track will have to be at least 2 km long - which would then need to be extended to around 8 km if high - speed testing was necessary .
To get this far ( stage 2 of the UST pilot implementation plan ) will cost around US $ 15 million , and take 2.5 - 3 years .
We wish Unitsky all the best and hope to hear good results as the test rig and possible commercial installations come to light .
For more information , visit the American STU website .
HAVANA ( Reuters ) - Georgia Governor Sonny Perdue called on Tuesday for freer trade between the United States and Cuba , saying it would help the longtime foes resolve their differences .
Georgia Governor Sonny Perdue listens to reporter 's questions during a news conference in Havana June 8 , 2010 .
Perdue was in Cuba leading a trade delegation from Georgia seeking business on the communist - led island .
REUTERS / Enrique De La Osa
Perdue , a Republican , said he hoped the two countries would improve relations “ very soon ” so they “ can join the hearts of our people in what would be the best outcome for both nations . ”
The governor spoke to reporters at the end of a three - day trip to Cuba with a Georgia trade delegation seeking business with the communist - led island .
The United States has imposed a trade embargo against Cuba since 1962 , but agricultural goods are exempt from the sanctions , and Perdue said relaxing trade barriers further would help everybody .
“ When we go back ( to Georgia ) what we will say is that there are opportunities for better jobs and prosperity in the United States as a result of trade with Cuba , ” he said .
“ I will give them my opinion that I believe a freer trade environment to most countries would be helpful in our diplomatic and political relationships , ” he said .
The United States is Cuba ’s leading source of farm products , many of which come from Georgia , which sells poultry and other goods to the island .
Its exports to Cuba totaled $ 42.5 million last year , according to the U.S. Department of Commerce .
WARMER RELATIONS
Perdue said no trade contracts were signed during this visit , but foundations were laid in meetings with Cuban trade officials for more business in the future .
The United States and Cuba have been at odds since the 1959 revolution that put Fidel Castro in power , but relations have warmed slightly since President Barack Obama took office last year .
Obama has eased the embargo to let Cuban Americans travel freely to their homeland and has begun talks with Cuba on migration and postal service issues .
But he has based further concessions on human rights improvements and the release of political prisoners in Cuba , both of which the Cuban government considers internal matters .
Perdue is the first Republican governor from the U.S. deep South to visit the island in a number of years .
Even though Republicans have historically taken a tough stance against Cuba , he said “ My sense is that we have had virtually no criticism for coming down here and trying to do a little trade . ”
Most people , Perdue said , understand that international trade creates a “ better potential for world peace . ”
The most important thing he learned on the trip , Perdue said , was that “ People are people .
And while our countries have had our political differences , the warmth of human nature shines through . ”
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
David Cameron has reached out to the Liberal Democrats in an effort to form a government - after the UK general election resulted in a hung parliament .
The Tory leader , whose party won most seats but was short of a majority , said he wanted to make a " big open and comprehensive offer " to the Lib Dems .
BBC political editor Nick Robinson said it could include Lib Dems in cabinet .
Labour leader Gordon Brown has already stressed his party 's " common ground " with the third biggest party .
Mr Cameron spoke to his Lib Dem counterpart Nick Clegg by phone on Friday afternoon in what has been described to the BBC as a " very constructive " conversation .
However , there was little discussion of details .
Further talks are due on Friday evening , during a meeting involving the Conservatives ' George Osborne , William Hague , Oliver Letwin and Mr Cameron 's chief of staff , Ed Lewellyn .
Chris Huhne , Danny Alexander , Andrew Stunnell and David Laws will represent the Lib Dems .
With results from all 649 constituencies contested on 6 May now declared , the Tories have 306 seats - or 307 including the previously Tory held Thirsk and Malton where the election was postponed after the death of a candidate .
It leaves the party just short of the 326 needed for an outright majority .
Labour finished with 258 MPs , down 91 , the Lib Dems 57 , down 5 , and other parties 28 .
The Conservatives received 36.1 % of votes ( up 3.8 % ) , Labour 29.1 % ( down 6.2 % ) and the Lib Dems 23 % ( up 1 % ) .
Past practice under Britain 's unwritten constitution sees the sitting prime minister in a hung parliament having the right to make the first attempt at forming a ruling coalition .
But Mr Cameron said Mr Brown had " lost his mandate to govern " after the Conservatives won the most votes and the most seats .
And Nick Clegg , leader of the third biggest party , the Lib Dems , said he believed the result gave the Tories the right to seek to govern first .
Mr Cameron referred to the " outgoing Labour government " in his speech .
But Mr Brown said he was making his statement " as prime minister with a constitutional duty to seek to resolve the situation for the good of the country " .
The Conservative leader said talks would begin with other parties .
He said one option was to offer them reassurances about certain policy areas - then try to govern as a minority Conservative government .
But he said it might be possible " to have stronger , more stable , more collaborative government than that " .
' Common ground '
" I want to make a big , open and comprehensive offer to the Liberal Democrats .
I want us to work together in tackling our country 's big and urgent problems - the debt crisis , our deep social problems and our broken political system , " he said .
While there were policy disagreements between the Tories and Lib Dems - including on the European Union and defence - there were also " many areas of common ground " .
The Conservatives agreed with the Lib Dem on ideas such as a " pupil premium " in schools , a low - carbon economy , tax reform and shared opposition to Labour 's ID cards scheme .
But he did not pledge a referendum on changing the voting system - a key concern of the Lib Dems - instead offering an " all party committee of inquiry on political and electoral reform " .
" I think we have a strong basis for a strong government .
Inevitably the negotiations we 're about to start will involve compromise .
That is what working together in the national interest means , " Mr Cameron said .
Coalition scenarios
BBC political editor Nick Robinson said Mr Cameron had not ruled out a coalition , with places for Liberal Democrats in a Conservative - led government .
But he said while he doubted the Lib Dems would take them up on the offer , they might be prepared to let Mr Cameron govern by not voting down the Queen 's Speech or Budget .
Taking that option would allow them not to be tainted by decisions they did not like .
However former Conservative prime minister Sir John Major told the BBC offering the Lib Dems cabinet seats was " a price , in the national interest , that I personally would be prepared to bear " for the formation of a stable government able to manage the economic crisis .
However , Lib Dem energy spokesman Simon Hughes said he doubted whether Mr Cameron could deliver enough electoral reform to satisfy his potential partners .
" Whether he can carry his shadow cabinet with him ... remains to be seen .
There are some very die - hard people in the Tory Party , " he told Channel 4 News .
Earlier , outside No 10 , Mr Brown said he would be " willing to see any of the party leaders " adding : " I understand and completely respect the position of Mr Clegg in stating that he wishes first to make contact with the leader of the Conservative Party . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But he added " should the discussions between Mr Cameron and Mr Clegg come to nothing ...
I would be prepared to discuss with Mr Clegg the areas where there may be some measure of agreement between our two parties " .
He said there were areas of " substantial common ground " - including reforming the voting system and plans to ensure economic stability , he said .
He also said he did not expect a swift conclusion to the uncertainty surrounding the election result - saying the voters had given their verdict and it was now " our responsibility now to make it work for the national good " .
BBC political correspondent Iain Watson said Mr Brown 's message was directed at Lib Dem supporters - spelling out what a Labour government would offer them in the hope of getting them to put pressure on Mr Clegg not to do a deal with the Conservatives .
Mr Clegg - whose party has done worse than in 2005 despite favourable opinion polls - said that he believed the Tories had gained the " first right " to attempt to form a government in the " national interest " .
Speaking outside Lib Dem headquarters in London , he said : " It is vital that all parties , all political leaders , act in the national interest and not out of narrow party political advantage . "
He also admitted it had been a " disappointing night " for the Lib Dems .
Downing Street has authorised the civil service to support other parties in hung parliament negotiations - essentially giving the go - ahead for talks to begin .
In other election night news :
The Conservatives are on course to win 40 % of the vote in England and made significant gains in Wales - where Labour also regained their former stronghold Blaenau Gwent .
But in Scotland they failed to make a significant breakthrough , while the Labour vote held up , with the party re-taking two seats it lost in by - elections - Glasgow East and Dunfermline and West Fife .
Northern Ireland 's First Minister , DUP leader Peter Robinson lost his seat , while the other main unionist leader , Sir Reg Empey , also failed to win .
For the first time since 2000 , the Sharks head into the offseason without a goalie ready to take the reins for the following season .
After setting the bar for future Sharks netminders during his tenure in San Jose , it appears as if Evgeni Nabokov might have stopped his last puck for the organization .
With Nabokov leaving , who takes over as the starter for an organization with serious cup aspirations ?
The Sharks prospect pipeline is filled with young , skilled goaltenders .
Thomas Greiss , Al Stalock , Henrik Karlsson , Harri Sateri and Tyson Sexsmith have all been billed as potential # 1 netminders .
The problem , though , is that none of these goalies is a known commodity .
Even Thomas Greiss , who served as Evgeni Nabokov 's backup all season , is a relatively untested player at the professional level .
Nabokov 's ridiculously high number of starts meant that Greiss only played in 16 games this season , and mostly against subpar competition .
His stat line of 7 - 5 - 1 , 2.68 GAA , .912 s % is admirable , but it 's unknown how well he'd be able to handle a bigger share of the starts against better competition .
Without any " sure things " in the system ready for this year , pundits have clamored for a short term signing of an established netminder .
Marty Turco , Dan Ellis , and even Evgeni Nabokov have been suggested for a one or two year deal , but both Nabokov and Turco would likely command a contract in the $ 3 MM range or higher .
If the Sharks do intend to compete for the cup again this year ( it 's hard to imagine they wo n't be a favorite yet again this year ) , should some of the money be allocated to a better defensive unit ?
This past year , the Sharks tried to overcome a weak defensive unit with a strong goaltender , which seemed to work in the regular season .
However , there was an extreme amount of pressure on Nabokov ( and Greiss ) to make saves , as the Sharks were in the bottom third of the league in shots allowed in the regular season ( 31.4 ) and in the bottom five in the post season ( 29.1 ) .
The need for a better defensive corps is clear , but without any top four guys currently in the system , the Sharks will likely have to look to the free agent pool or upgrade via trade .
That leaves the team in an interesting dilemma , as it would be difficult to upgrade both the defense and goaltending position and remain under the cap .
However , there is one option on the market that could help the Sharks improve in both these areas : Carey Price .
Carey Price # 31 / Goalie / Montreal Canadiens Height : 6 - 3 Weight : 219 Born : Aug 16 , 1987
Carey Price has had a tumultuous ride through the NHL , fueled primarily by the cutthroat media and fans of the Montreal Canadiens .
Drafted fifth overall in 2005 , Price was billed as the team 's franchise goaltender .
However , after a few disappointing playoff showings and a lack of consistency , Price was benched in favor of the older ( 25 ) Jaroslav Halak ( who I proposed trading for last year ) , who took the Canadiens to the Eastern Conference Finals leaving powerhouses Washington and Pittsburgh in his wake .
It seems obvious that he earned himself a lucrative contract , and it's nearly impossible that considering his performance Monteal would trade him or strip him of the starters spot heading into next year .
He will be the starter .
But will Halak and Price RFA's , can they justify keeping both ?
It appears not , as trade speculation has swirled all year and seems to have heated up in the last few weeks .
Montreal needs to upgrade their current compliment of forwards , as their lack of size and scoring was exposed against the Flyers .
Using Price as a trade chip seems to be the most logical way to upgrade that unit .
Back to Price .
In my opinion he 's gotten a pretty unfair rap in Montreal and around the league ; his regular season stats are pretty impressive for a goaltender of his age playing on a team of Montreal 's caliber .
Over the past three years , he has a save percentage of .912 and a goals against average of 2.60 .
Compare that with Nabokov , who over the same time frame has a save percentage of .914 and a goals against average of 2.30 .
While Nabokov 's numbers are better , there are a few factors working in his favor .
First , Nabokov is much older , and the experience plays a role .
Second , Nabokov plays in a less critical hockey market , so the day in and day out pressure is less intense .
Third , Nabokov has played behind a much better team ; this is evidenced in part by the fact that Price has faced an average 26.9 shots per game over the last three years while Nabokov has faced 24.5 .
Even though the stats are similar , it would be wrong for anyone to say that Price is an upgrade over Nabokov in the short term .
In fact , I 'd venture to say that Nabokov would have better stats than Price in the regular season next year if both played behind the same team .
However , long term , Price will undoubtedly be the better option for the team , given his age .
At just 22 years old , Carey Price is one of the youngest goalies in the league , and he has three years of 40 + starts under his belt .
He 's just under a year older than former rookie of the year Steve Mason .
This type of experience and youth is something not found often in the NHL .
For those who are afraid that Price would block current prospects in the system like Thomas Greiss and Al Stalock , there 's a few interesting facts to note .
Not only does Price have an NHL track record to boast ( making him more appealing in a win now environment ) he 's also a year and a half younger than Greiss and a month younger than Stalock .
He 's also almost four years younger than Henrik Karlsson .
So when we talk about potential , it 's arguable that Price not only has more , but also is a better bet to reach his ceiling than the others .
There are other benefits to Price , primarily that he 's huge .
The 6 '3 " 219lb goalie is 3 " taller and 19lbs heavier than Nabokov .
This means he plays less of a reaction game and more of a blocking game .
That type of netminder is one that I think would is better suited for the Sharks as currently constructed , and could be a breath of fresh air to a team that 's grown accustomed to Nabokov 's antics .
We 've seen how well these types of netminders can perform in the NHL , and the need for such a goaltender was seen against Detroit and Chicago and especially in the Stanley Cup final between Chicago and Philadelphia .
With crashing the net and screening the goalie a must in playoff hockey , there is a premium placed on goalies who ( unlike Nabokov ) do n't necessarily have to see the puck to stop it .
The biggest attraction to Carey Price , though , is the low cost needed to sign him .
As an RFA , the team who has possession of his rights already has relative control over his value .
Add that to the fact that he was basically ( although unjustly ) run out of Montreal , and you 've got the perfect storm on your hands .
A young , potential franchise goaltender for a cap hit on a long term deal likely under $ 2.75 MM ?
Sign me up .
What 's doubly intriguing is the fact that Ryane Clowe would likely be involved in the deal .
Do n't misinterpret that statement , Clowe is one of my favorite players on the team and is by all accounts an important part of the system and in the locker room .
However , with the emergence of Logan Couture as a top six forward , the importance of signing RFA 's Joe Pavelski and Devin Setoguchi and UFA Patrick Marleau to long term deals and the need for another top - four defenseman , it 's irresponsible to commit so much cash to Clowe .
He 's a good player , but is the third highest paid forward on the current roster behind stars Heatley and Thornton .
While I do n't think he'd end up there when all is said and done , it 's still not a wise allocation of dollars , as Plank pointed to in his piece yesterday .
Assuming that Price signs for a cap hit of around $ 2.5 MM , which I think is extremely reasonable and likely , moving Clowe for him would result in a net gain of cap space of at least $ 1.125 MM .
That money could be used in a multitude of ways and would eventually , in my opinion , make the Sharks a much better team come October .
It 's not often a trade like this is even possible , but the situation has presented itself for this once in a decade type of opportunity .
A young starting who is goaltender brimming with potential , attained in a deal which clears cap space ?
It 's an amazing proposition , and one which has been making its way through media outlets for some time now .
The Edmonton Journal , TSN and ESPN have all discussed a deal centering on these two players ; the fact that it 's beneficial for both teams means that it 's probably one of the more realistic rumors out there .
Now , more assets would likely have to be involved for this trade to work ; it 's possible that a young goalie prospect would have to be sent in Montreal 's direction .
Depending on the prospect , a later pick could possibly be headed back to San Jose , but that 's just adding to the speculation at this point .
It 's a win - win to me , any way that you slice it .
In my opinion , Carey Price is still one of the best young goalies in the league , and is only getting better .
A change of scenery would do him a world of good ; he could really flourish under a team like the Sharks .
That , in addition to the overall cap savings both short and long term , means that the Sharks will be able to upgrade their team in other areas while still retaining the services of Patrick Marleau if they see fit .
While everything remains nebulous at this point , the talk surrounding this rumor leads me to believe that this will be a serious possibility looked at by Doug Wilson and the Sharks .
It wo n't be an easy one to pull off , as Price is one of the better goalies on the market right now .
But I do think it 's possible .
Ultimately , the improvement of the team for next year hinges on Wilson 's ability to sign a big ticket free agent ( something that he has n't been able to do in years past ) , but a move for Price would still pay dividends immediately and in the future .
Go Sharks .
Image caption Thirteen people died in Londonderry on Bloody Sunday
The Saville Inquiry into the deaths of 13 people on Bloody Sunday has lasted 12 years and cost £ 195 m , making it the longest and most expensive public inquiry in UK history .
Opinion is split over whether the inquiry has been an essential examination of one of the most infamous events of the Northern Ireland Troubles or a pointless waste of money .
Earlier this year , Northern Ireland Justice Minister David Ford said the inquiry had " enriched lawyers but not necessarily achieved anything for the families " .
THE BLOODY SUNDAY
INQUIRY YEARS TO COMPLETE : 12
**INCLUDED THE FOLLOWING ** WITNESS STATEMENTS 2,500
ORAL STATEMENTS : 922 VOLUMES OF EVIDENCE : 160
AUDIOTAPES : 121
VIDEOTAPES : 110
WORDS : 20-30 MILLION TOTAL COST : £ 195M
But Michael Mansfield QC , a barrister who represented relatives of some of the victims , said : " The families would say you can't measure any grief and loss of your loved ones in terms of finance and the need to know the truth about what happened was vital to them . "
And the Bloody Sunday Trust , which aims to preserve the memory of those who died in the shootings , said : " The issue of costs is the one which has excited most attention of the media and some politicians , not whether the soldiers committed murder or why it took so long for a proper inquiry to take place . "
About half the money spent on the inquiry has gone to lawyers .
It opened in April 1998 in Londonderry and heard evidence from more than 900 people between 2000 and 2005 .
The report was initially planned for release the following year but instead has only been published now , after years of analysis of the evidence heard .
Millions to lawyers
Thirteen people died after paratroopers opened fire during a civil rights march in Derry on 30 January 1972 .
A 14th person died some time later and his family believe the death was related to injuries he sustained on the day .
An inquiry was held in the weeks after the deaths , chaired by Lord Widgery , but lasted only a month .
The Bloody Sunday Trust and Mr Mansfield are both highly critical of it .
BLOODY SUNDAY INQUIRY
Set up in 1998 by then Prime Minister Tony Blair , based on " weight of new material available "
Began oral hearings two years later in Derry 's Guildhall
Chaired by Lord Saville of Newdigate , alongside two other judges from Australia and Canada
First witness heard in November 2000 , the last in January 2005
Longest and most costly inquiry in British legal history
Some evidence heard in London over fears for safety of soldier witnesses
Statements from 2,500 witnesses , of whom 922 were called to give direct evidence
The Saville Inquiry has been chaired by Lord Saville , 74 , a high court judge .
Among the costs of the inquiry to be revealed in parliamentary debates or written answers are the £ 34 m spent on IT and £ 26 m on accommodation , including hire of venues and office space .
In February 2009 , then Northern Ireland Secretary Shaun Woodward revealed the inquiry 's lead QC Christopher Clarke had been paid £ 4.5 m and Edwin Glasgow QC , representing the army , had received £ 4 m .
About a dozen other individual lawyers received more than £ 1m .
Unionist victims campaigner Willie Frazer , founder of Families Acting for Innocent Relatives , disputes the cost of the inquiry , claiming it is actually more than £ 300 m - and says it is a waste of money .
Mr Frazer said : " There should have just been a police investigation .
" In South Armagh , 98 % of the murders were never solved and in my own family I had five killed and six of my mates , that 's almost as many as died on Bloody Sunday .
Image caption A memorial in the centre of Derry commemorates those who died
" We 've never had anybody prosecuted and compensation was never an issue with us .
What 's the difference between those killed on Bloody Sunday and our people who were killed doing a day 's work ?
" We are realistic enough to know that it would do more harm than good because that amount of money could go into hospitals or other investments that would be more use than spending it on the inquiry .
" The only people getting anything out of this are the legal people .
" I just think all this is going to create is a waste of money and more resentment in the communities of Northern Ireland . "
In March , Alliance Party leader Mr Ford , who became justice minister the following month , said : " I personally do n't think that I am the only individual in Northern Ireland who feels the spending of £ 200 m on enriching lawyers rather than dealing in a different way with the needs of the victims is a fairly ineffective way of dealing with the problem . "
WHERE DID THE MONEY GO ? £ 34 m on IT
£ 26 m on accommodation
About half the total spend was on lawyers
£ 13 m each to two firms of solicitors
Estimated 14 lawyers received more than £ 1 m each - with two earning more than £ 4 m
Inquiry employed 38 staff at its peak
But the Bloody Sunday Trust says the inquiry had to be held , being the " only full and detailed investigation " into the events of the day .
The trust compares the Saville Inquiry costs with the £ 173 m Manchester City spent on new players in 2009 .
A statement from the organisation said : " A proper police inquiry and an inquest would be taken for granted had ( that many ) people been shot and killed or wounded in any other part of the United Kingdom , as recent events in Cumbria so tragically underline .
" Hundreds of young men and women joined the IRA as a direct result of what happened on Bloody Sunday and the subsequent Widgery Inquiry .
" Many people died or were imprisoned because of the failings of Widgery .
" This should put any discussion about costs of the Saville Inquiry into perspective . "
Mr Mansfield also said the need to find out the truth about what happened overshadowed the cost .
Image caption
The events of Bloody Sunday are remembered in murals in Derry
He said the Saville Inquiry was unique , having been set up at an important time in the peace process , and was a " stepping stone " to the power sharing agreements now in place .
Mr Mansfield said : " The inquiry was n't really limited to the 30 minutes or so when the firing took place .
They decided it could not be seen in isolation , it was part of a sequence of events and it was necessary to look at why so many thousands of people turned out for a march of this kind .
" It was the families who campaigned for this inquiry and they have to stand very proud . "
But the Committee on the Administration of Justice , a human rights organisation based in Belfast , said the length of the process had been traumatic for the families .
Deputy director Aideen Gilmore said : " It is regrettable that the families of those killed on Bloody Sunday have had to wait so long both for an inquiry and for the report of this inquiry .
" If there had been a full and thorough investigation in the first place , and those responsible held to account , the families of victims could have been spared the trauma of such a lengthy delay . "
follow - up : pipe dreams are n’t necessarily made of promises
( defn pipe " Returns a pair : a seq ( the read end ) and a function ( the write end ) .
The function can takes either no arguments to close the pipe or one argument which is appended to the seq .
Read is blocking . " [ ]
( let [ promises ( atom ( repeatedly promise ) ) p ( second @promises ) ] [ ( lazy - seq @p ) ( fn ( [ ] ; close the pipe ( let [ [ a ] ( swap !
promises # ( vector ( second % ) ) ) ] ( if a ( deliver a nil ) ( throw ( Exception .
" Pipe already closed " ) ) ) ) ) ( [ x ] ; enqueue x ( let [ [ a b ] ( swap !
promises next ) ] ( if ( and a b ) ( do ( deliver a ( cons x ( lazy - seq @b ) ) ) x ) ( throw ( Exception .
" Pipe already closed " ) ) ) ) ) ) ] ) )
Beware of not printing the seq while the pipe is still open !
Image caption Gratzel cells mimic natural plant photosynthesis
The inventor of a low - cost solar cell that could be used to build electricity generating windows has been awarded this year 's Millennium Technology Prize .
Professor Michael Gratzel of the Lausanne Federal Technology Institute received the € 800,000 ( £ 660,000 ) prize at a ceremony in Helsinki .
Professor Gratzel 's innovation mimics the way plants turn light into energy .
Two British inventors also won prizes of € 150,000 ( £ 124,000 ) each .
The three shortlisted entries were all vying for the world 's biggest technology prize , which is awarded every other year by Finland 's Technology Academy .
Big honour
Professor Gratzel expressed his excitement to BBC News : " It was a wonderful experience to win the grand prix , and of course a tremendous honour " .
" The constraint of solar energy has traditionally been its price .
' Gratzel cells ' provide a more affordable way of harnessing solar energy , " said Dr Ainomaija Haarla , President of Technology Academy Finland .
" Gratzel 's innovation is likely to have an important role in low - cost , large - scale solutions for renewable energy . "
You could think that the glass of all high - rises in New York would be electricity generating panels Professor Michael Gratzel , Millennium Technology Prize winner
Explaining his inspiration , he said : " I was always intrigued by the way plants capture sunlight and turn it into fuels like sugar .
" Natural photosynthesis was the inspiration , and our solar cell is the only one that mimics the natural photosynthetic process . "
Gratzel cells rely on nanotechnology to produce power from sunlight .
" We are using nanocrystal films in which the particles are so small , they do n't scatter light , " said Professor Gratzel .
" You can imagine using those cells as electricity producing windows .
" What 's very exciting is that you collect light from all sides , so can capture electricity from the inside as well as the outside .
" You could think that the glass of all high - rises in New York would be electricity generating panels , " he said .
Gratzel cells have recently been launched in consumer products , including as battery charging backpacks , and Professor Gratzel said that the € 800,000 prize would benefit his research and go back into science .
The shortlist
Both the other shortlisted nominations for the prize were British inventors , each of whom won € 150,000 .
Professor Sir Richard Friend of the University of Cambridge invented organic Light Emitting Diodes , which Finland 's Technology Academy said was " a crucial milestone in plastic electronics " .
" Electronic paper , cheap organic solar cells and illuminating wall paper are examples of the revolutionary future products his work has made possible , " it said .
And Professor Stephen Furber of Manchester University is the principal designer of the ARM 32 - bit RISC microprocessor , an innovation found in gadgets ranging from Apple 's iPhone to Microsoft 's Zune .
The Academy said it " revolutionised mobile electronics " .
It said : " The ingeniously designed processor enabled the development of cheap , powerful handheld , battery - operated devices " .
Previous winners of the prize have included Sir Tim Berners - Lee , who is widely credited as having invented the web , and Professor Shuji Nakamura , who invented blue and white Light Emitting Diodes .
SVP will der Schweiz Nachbargebiete einverleiben Kein Scherz : Die SVP fordert vom Bundesrat in einer Motion , die Einschweizerung des Vorarlbergs , von Savoyen und anderen Regionen vorzubereiten .
Fabian Renz
Spezielle Forderungen :
So will die SVP die Schweiz grösser machen .
Geht es nach SVP - Präsident Toni Brunner und seinem Fraktionschef Caspar Baader , dann ist Schwäbisch bald der meistgesprochene Schweizer Dialekt .
Und die grösste Schweizer Stadt heisst neu Stuttgart .
Brunner , Baader und 26 ihrer Fraktionskollegen haben eine Motion von Nationalrat Dominique Baettig unterschrieben , der eine « erleichterte Integration grenznaher Regionen als Schweizer Kantone » vorschlägt .
Konkret verlangt der von « Le Temps » gestern vorgestellte Vorstoss eine Verfassungsänderung , dank der folgende Gebiete den Beitritt zur Eidgenossenschaft beantragen könnten : Elsass ( F ) , Aosta ( I ) , Bozen ( I ) , Jura ( F ) , Vorarlberg ( A ) , Ain ( F ) , Savoyen ( F ) , Baden - Württemberg ( D ) , Varese ( I ) und Como ( I ) .
Besagte Regionen litten unter ihrer « nationalen und europäischen ‹ Classe politique› » , schreibt Motionär Baettig .
Sie sehnten sich stattdessen nach einer « Demokratie der Nähe mit menschlichem Antlitz » .
HOBOKEN , NJ — With only three weeks to go before embarking on a much - anticipated vacation to Israel , 34 - year - old Jeff Kaufmann made the difficult decision to cancel his trip yesterday , citing unfavorable exchange rates and the entirety of the Jewish nation 's 60 - year existence .
" I 'd been looking forward to this for months , but hotel prices started going up , things got kind of crazy at work , and also Israel 's whole history is basically a decades - long horror show of ethnic violence , harsh reprisals , and geopolitical madness . "
Kaufmann said .
" The Negev Desert is supposed to be amazing , but on the other hand , ever since its founding in 1948 , Israel has been spinning downward in a chaotic spiral of fear , hatred , and death .
So it 's a tough call . "
Kaufmann added that he hopes the Arab and Jewish peoples will be able to put aside a century of bloodshed before his travel voucher expires in June .
The Formula One Teams Association ( FOTA ) has announced that Formula One has inaugurated a comprehensive and externally audited carbon emissions reduction programme .
This is in addition to steps being taken by the FIA to reduce the carbon footprint of the sport .
FOTA commissioned the environmental research analysis organisation Trucost to research and analyse the full range of activities performed by and within F1 teams and their suppliers , and to advise on measures that could be taken to reduce carbon emissions now and in the future .
Trucost ’s research and analysis shows that the carbon emissions caused by the testing and racing of F1 cars is a small proportion of the total carbon emissions generated by the sport as a whole , if one encompasses the whole F1 supply chain .
Formula 1 cars have traditionally provided an exciting and productive development platform for new automotive technologies .
Many of these have been introduced into consumer production cars , F1 has played a role in developing turbocharging , fuel injection , variable valve timing and kinetic energy recovery systems .
It is FOTA ’s desire and intention to work with the FIA to continue to pioneer technologies that are appropriate to the challenges faced by society today and in the future , and that are applicable to products that will benefit mankind in the longer term .
Modern F1 is and must continue to be all about efficiency – and , whilst F1 cars are and must continue to be very fast and very exciting , it is also necessary and desirable that their engines and powertrains be as efficient as possible .
With that in mind , working closely with the FIA , FOTA has committed to working to develop new F1 engine and powertrain regulations that will require all entrants from 2013 onwards to incorporate technologies designed to enhance fuel efficiency .
At the same time , revisions to F1 ’s sporting regulations will enhance and incentivise the competitive benefit of further reducing fuel consumption .
“ The good news is that , in conjunction with the FIA ’s and FOTA ’s recent successful efforts to improve efficiencies and restrict resources applied to F1 , it has already been possible to reduce F1 ’s total carbon emissions , ” says Martin Whitmarsh , the chairman of FOTA .
“ Moreover , building on what we have already achieved , and extrapolating what is now being planned , we anticipate that by 2012 F1 will have reduced its total carbon emissions by 12.4 % compared with 2009 .
With the support of all its member teams , FOTA has committed to the continuation of this programme , and has undertaken to maintain continuous and independent analysis and assessment in order to ensure that these carbon emissions reduction targets are met or bettered , and to investigate where further carbon emissions reduction opportunities may exist .
Measurement and management , in other words .
In addition , the FIA and FOTA are already working together to tailor the 2013 technical regulations to ensuring that all engines and powertrains used in F1 by that date will showcase , and provide a platform for the ongoing development of , technologies designed to enhance fuel efficiency .
This is a very exciting time for F1 and I am delighted that our sport has been able to take a global environmental lead in this way . ”
Simon Thomas , Chief Executive of Trucost , says , “ Formula 1 is fundamentally about efficiency – how to squeeze performance within the restrictions of physics and the rules .
There is a growing need to transition from fossil fuel dependency to an economy that is more carbon efficient .
In keeping with this trend , the F1 teams have collectively made a firm commitment to reducing greenhouse gas emissions in a significant way .
This is consistent with F1 ’s position as a leader in technological innovation and illustrates what can be achieved by organisations not traditionally associated with the environmental agenda .
We also believe that the engineering excellence that exists within F1 will have a part to play in the inevitable shift to more carbon efficient transportation ”
The ' Rachel Corrie , ' the Irish - owned ship with Nobel Peace Prize winner Mairead Maguire on board , continued to sail towards Gaza waters despite Israel making it clear they were giving no guarantees about its safety .
Maguire said the deaths of ten flotilla members at the hands of Israeli commandos had not deterred her of her fellow Irish blockade - runners .
" We ’re not frightened , no , " she said in an interview .
Meanwhile , Ireland 's leader warned that the Irish government was watching the fate of the ' Rachel Corrie ' very closely .
" If any harm comes to any of our citizens , it will have the most serious consequences , " Prime Minister Brian Cowen said .
The Rachel Corrie , called after an American activist who died protesting Israeli actions , had been left behind the main flotilla in Cyprus for repairs and is only now approaching Gaza .
On board the boat is an aid cargo of cement , medical equipment ( including a CT scanner ) printing paper , schoolbooks and toys .
The ship , which was bought by the Irish Free Gaza Movement and refitted after it was abandoned in port at Dundalk , County Louth , is now heading for a showdown with the Israeli navy .
But Irish Foreign Minister Micheal Martin confirmed to the Irish parliament that he had received no undertaking from Israel that the ' Rachel Corrie ' would be given safe passage .
" In terms of the ' Rachel Corrie ' , we have received no assurances other than that the ambassador has conveyed to us that the Israeli government does not want conflict or confrontation with the ' Rachel Corrie ' .
So one would hope that a different mindset will prevail , " he said .
Martin warned the Israeli government he would take " appropriate diplomatic action " if the ship was not allowed through .
" We will be watching this situation very closely and it is imperative that Israel avoid any action which leads to further bloodshed , " he said .
Prime Minister Brian Cowen reinforced the message by saying Israel " did not have a leg to stand on " and warned there would be " serious consequences " if the Irish crewmembers of the ' Rachel Corrie ' were harmed .
Arizona 's tough new immigration enforcement law is fueling an exodus of Hispanics from the state seven weeks before it goes into effect , according to officials and residents in the state .
Though no one has precise figures , reports from school officials , businesses and individuals indicate worried Hispanics — both legal and illegal — are leaving the state in anticipation of the law , which will go into effect July 29 .
Schools in Hispanic areas report unusual drops in enrollment .
The Balsz Elementary School District is 75 % Hispanic , and within a month of the law 's passage , the parents of 70 students pulled them out of school , said District Superintendent Jeffrey Smith .
The district lost seven students over the same one - month period last year , and parents tell Smith the Arizona law is the reason for leaving .
TRENDS : Ariz .
Latinos register as Democrats CENSUS : Ariz .
immigration law makes count tougher POLL : More Americans want tight immigration laws IN CALIFORNIA : Boycotts over Ariz .
immigration law " They 're leaving to another state where they feel more welcome , " he said .
The measure , signed into law April 23 by Republican Gov. Jan Brewer , requires a police officer to determine a person 's immigration status if they are stopped , detained or arrested and there is " reasonable suspicion " they are in the country illegally .
About 100,000 illegal immigrants left Arizona after the state passed a law in 2007 that enhanced penalties on businesses that hired them , according to the Department of Homeland Security .
Some early signs suggest another exodus .
Businesses serving the Hispanic community say business is down , signaling that illegal immigrants are holding on to cash in anticipation of a move from the state , said David Castillo , co-founder of the Latin Association of Arizona , a chamber of commerce for nearly 400 first - generation Hispanic business owners .
" ( Brewer ) signed the law , and everything fell apart , " Castillo said .
" It 's devastating . "
Jorge Vargas plans to move to New York City because his air - conditioning business relies mostly on Hispanics .
" My business is completely dead , " he said .
Juan Carlos Cruz , an illegal immigrant who has worked in plant nurseries for 20 years , huddled with dozens of relatives over the Memorial Day Weekend in the backyard of his brother 's Phoenix - area home to plot out the family 's next move to avoid what they say will be harassment by police .
Virginia and California are the front - runners .
" If I were alone , I 'd try to stay .
But I have a family , and I have to find a place where we can live with more freedom , " said Cruz , who hopes to move July 4 to blend in with holiday weekend traffic .
" This is getting too hard . "
Paul Senseman , a spokesman for Brewer , said it 's difficult to gauge how many people are leaving because of the law , but he said he hears similar reports of people leaving the state .
" If that means that fewer people are breaking the law , that is absolutely an accomplishment , " he said .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The demodex mite is a very small arthropod that lives in the hair follicles and sebaceous glands of many animals .
Some people may know them as “ eyebrow mites , ” in a reference to one of their favorite hang - outs .
Chances are very high that nearly all people are hosting a few of these mites right now , along with a host of other organisms that feed on sloughed skin , hair , and other discards from the body .
As a general rule , these mites do not cause any problems , but when they proliferate , it can become an issue .
A dog being washed to treat demodetic mange .
Two species of demodex mites are commonly found on humans : Demodex folliculorum and D. brevis .
These mites are also often found on dogs , in which case the species is usually D. canis .
The mites are classified as parasites , unable to survive away from their hosts , and they can jump to new hosts through physical contact with infested areas .
They feed on skin cells and oils found near the skin , anchoring themselves in place .
Some medical professionals believe that profusion of demodex mites can cause acne .
Along with other organisms that call the skin home , demodex mites can actually be beneficial .
They help to process waste materials from the body , keeping things more tidy and sometimes reducing the risk of infections and other health problems as a result of accumulated waste .
In some circumstances , however , they can proliferate , causing skin rashes , skin sloughing , and hair loss .
The mites have also been linked with acne , with some medical professionals suggesting that a profusion of the mites can clog the pores .
In dogs , demodectic mange can be a very serious condition , requiring prompt medical treatment .
Both humans and dogs have a number of options when it comes to treating conditions related to the mite .
Medications can be used to kill the bugs themselves , typically through topical application , while creams can soothe inflamed , irritated skin that has responded to an infestation .
Some home remedies recommend covering the area with oil or other substances to essentially suffocate the mites ; this is not advised , as this can cause damage to the skin , depending on what is used to cover it .
Motor oil , for example , a popular treatment for demodectic mange at one time , can cause serious health problems .
In some cases , the demodex mite can also carry bacteria that can lead to skin infections and other health problems .
Since getting rid of the mites is impossible and undesired , the best course of action for avoiding such infections is to keep the skin clean , regularly scrubbing dead skin and excess oils away .
The Misconception :
We prefer the things we own over the things we do n't because we made rational choices when we bought them .
The Truth ?
Advertisement
The truth is that you prefer the things you own because you rationalize your past choices to protect your sense of self .
The Internet changed the way people argue .
Check any comment system , forum or message board and you will find fanboys going at it , debating why their chosen product is better than the other guy's .
Advertisement
In modern consumer cultures like America , people compete for status through comparing their taste in products .
( You can read more on how that works here : Selling Out ) .
Mac vs. PC , PS3 vs. XBox 360 , iPhone vs. Android – it goes on and on .
Usually , these arguments are between men , because men will defend their ego no matter how slight the insult .
These are also usually about geeky things that cost lots of money , because these battles take place on the Internet where tech - savvy people get rowdy , and the more expensive a purchase , the greater the loyalty to it .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Fanboyism is n't anything new , it 's just a component of branding , which is something marketers and advertisers have known about since Quaker Oats created a friendly logo to go on their burlap sacks .
There was , of course , no friendly Quaker family making the oats back in 1877 .
The company wanted people to associate the trustworthiness and honesty of Quakers with their product .
It worked .
Advertisement
This was one of , if not the first , such attempt to create brand loyalty – that nebulous emotional connection people have with certain companies which turns them into defenders and advocates for corporations who do n't give a shit .
In experiments where people were given Coke and Pepsi in unmarked cups and then hooked up to a brain scanner , the device clearly showed a certain number of them preferred Pepsi while tasting it .
Advertisement
When those people were told they where drinking Pepsi , a fraction of them , the ones who had enjoyed Coke all their lives , did something unexpected .
The scanner showed their brains scrambling the pleasure signals , dampening them .
They then told the experimenter afterward they had preferred Coke in the taste tests .
They lied , but in their subjective experiences of the situation , they did n't .
They really did feel like they preferred Coke after it was all over , and they altered their memories to match their emotions .
Advertisement
They had been branded somewhere in the past and were loyal to Coke .
Even if they actually enjoyed Pepsi more , huge mental constructs prevented them from admitting it , even to themselves .
Advertisement
Add this sort of loyalty to something expensive , or a hobby which demands a large investment of time and money , and you get a fanboy .
They defend their favorite stuff and ridicule the competition , ignoring facts if they contradict their emotional connection .
So , what creates this emotional connection to stuff and the companies who make doo - dads ?
Advertisement
Marketers and advertising agencies call the opposite of fanboys hostages .
Hostages have no choice but to buy certain products , like toilet paper and gasoline .
Since they can't choose to own or not to own the product , they are far less likely to care if one version of toilet paper is better than another , or one gas station 's fuel is made by Shell or Chevron .
Advertisement
On the other hand , if the product is unnecessary , like an iPad , there is a great chance the customer will become a fanboy because they had to choose to spend a big chunk of money on it .
It 's the choosing one thing over another which leads to narratives about why you did it .
If you have to rationalize why you bought a luxury item , you will probably find ways to see how it fits in with your self - image .
Advertisement
Branding builds on this by giving you the option to create the person you think you are through choosing to align yourself with the mystique of certain products .
Apple advertising , for instance , does n't mention how good their computers are .
Instead , they give you examples of the sort of people who purchase those computers .
The idea is to encourage you to say , " Yeah , I 'm not some stuffy , conservative nerd .
I have taste and talent and took art classes in college . "
Advertisement
Are Apple computers better than Microsoft - based computers ?
Is one better than the other when looked at empirically , based on data and analysis and testing and objective comparisons ?
It does n't matter .
Those considerations come after a person has begun to see themselves as the sort of person who would own one .
If you see yourself as the kind of person who owns Apple computers , or who drives hybrids , or who smokes Camels , you 've been branded .
Advertisement
Once a person is branded , they will defend their brand by finding flaws in the alternative choice and pointing out benefits in their own .
There are a number of cognitive biases which converge to create this behavior .
The Endowment Effect pops up when you feel like the things you own are superior to the things you do not .
Advertisement
Psychologists demonstrate this by asking a group of people how much they think a water bottle is worth .
The group will agree to an amount around $ 5 , and then someone in the group will be given the bottle for free .
Then , after an hour , they ask the person how much they would be willing to sell the bottle back to the experimenter for .
They usually ask for more money , like $ 8 .
Advertisement
Ownership adds special emotional value to things , even if those things were free .
Another bias is the Sunk Cost Fallacy .
This is when you 've spent money on something you do n't want to own or do n't want to do and can't get it back .
Advertisement
For instance , you might pay too much for some takeout food that really sucks , but you eat it anyway , or you sit through a movie even after you realize it 's terrible .
Sunk Cost can creep up on you too .
Maybe you 've been a subscriber to something for a long time and you realize it costs too much , but you do n't end your subscription because of all the money you 've invested in the service so far .
Advertisement
Is Blockbuster better than Netflix , or Tivo better than a generic DVR ?
If you 've spent a lot of money on subscription fees , you might be unwilling to switch to alternatives because you feel invested in the brand .
These biases feed into the big daddy of behaviors which is most responsible for branding , fanboyism and Internet arguments about why the thing you own is better than the thing the other guy owns – Choice Supportive Bias .
Advertisement
Choice Supportive Bias is a big part of being a person , it pops up all the time when you buy things .
It works like this :
You have several options , like say for a new television .
Before you make a choice you tend to compare and contrast all the different qualities of all the televisions on the market .
Advertisement
Which is better , Samsung or Sony , plasma or lcd , 1080 p or 1080 i – ugh , so many variables !
You eventually settle on one option , and after you make your decision you then look back and rationalize your actions by believing your television was the best of all the televisions you could have picked .
Advertisement
In retail , this is a well - understood phenomenon , and to prevent Buyer 's Remorse they try not to overwhelm you with choice .
Studies show if you have only a handful of options at the point of purchase , you will be less likely to fret about your decision afterward .
Advertisement
It 's purely emotional , the moment you pick .
People with brain damage to their emotional centers who have been rendered into Spock - like beings of pure logic find it impossible to decide between things as simple as which cereal to buy .
They stand transfixed in the aisle , contemplating every element of their potential decision – the calories , the shapes , the net weight – everything .
They can't pick because they have no emotional connection to anything , no emotional motivations .
To combat postdecisional dissonance , the feeling you have committed to one option when the other option may have been better , you make yourself feel justified in what you selected to lower the anxiety brought on by questioning yourself .
Advertisement
All of this forms a giant neurological cluster of associations , emotions , details of self - image and biases around the things you own .
This is why all over the Internet there are people in word fights over video games and sports teams , cell phones and TV shows .
Advertisement
The Internet provides a fertile breeding ground for this sort of behavior to flourish .
So , the next time you reach for the mouse and get ready to launch and angry litany of reasons why your favorite – thing – is better than the other person's , hesitate .
Advertisement
Realize you have your irrational reasons , and so do they , and nothing will be gained by your proselytizing .
Links :
Advertisement
Republished with permission from you Are Nor So Smart .
The Bilski Ruling
The Supreme Court ruled yesterday in the long awaited Bilski case , a case that the Free Software Foundation had promoted as a vehicle for directly limiting software patents .
As such , the decision disappoints , with the justices providing a narrow ruling and rejecting Bilski 's business method patent .
The software patent mess that the US finds itself in today is a product of the US judicial system and not Congress .
It is therefore all the more disappointing that the Supreme Court failed to use Bilski to clean house and remove software from the scope of patentability .
On a positive note , yesterday 's majority opinion does stress past decisions in Benson , Flook and Diehr that clearly limit the patenting of software .
We can read that as a larger rejection of the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit 's ( CAFC ) State Street ruling that gave us the " useful , concrete and tangible result " test that led to the widespread patenting of software .
Much depends on how the United States Patent and Trademark Office ( USPTO ) implements the court 's ruling .
Robert W. Bahr , Acting Associate Commissioner for Patent Examination Policy , has already issued guidance directing examiners to continue to rely on the " machine - or - transformation " test to limit the granting of patents on abstract ideas .
We must continue to remind patent examiners that abstract ideas implemented as software on a general purpose computer do n't magically transform such ideas into patentable devices .
If they did , then Bilski would soon have his patent with the help of a careful patent lawyer .
The increasing damage being inflicted by monopolies on essential techniques in computer programming will continue to run its course in the US economy , and the number of voices opposing software patents will increase .
Congressional action that seemed unlikely before will receive new attention now .
There is also hope that with the large increase in software patent litigation we are seeing , we will soon have a software patent case to promote to the Federal Circuit .
If anything , the Supreme Court 's narrow ruling in Bilski has given the green light to defendants in those cases to attempt such appeals .
We can reflect that Bilski gave us a wonderful opportunity to increase awareness to the harm caused by software patents .
More scholars , more developers , more journalists , more politicians , and more patent attorneys than ever before have heard from our community on this issue .
For now , please help us continue to promote and distribute the film Patent Absurdity .
Join the End Software Patents mailing list .
And show your support for our campaign by making a directed donation to further these efforts .
With your help , we will continue to make the public case to exclude software from the scope of patentability .
Contrary to popular belief , we actually do post tattoos around here from time to time , even when they are n’t on a tramp stamp .
Â
That being said , we ’ve found something almost as cool . Â
Here ’s our list of favorite of 3d tattoos .
It would be nice if airlines would commit on their own to treat their passengers right : ensuring , at a minimum , that if you buy a ticket you get a seat and have a reasonable expectation of reaching your destination on time and with your luggage .
In today ’s world  where air travel is more of an ordeal than an adventure  this is , unfortunately , not the case .
The Obama administration ’s new consumer protections for beleaguered airline passengers  including higher compensation for travelers bumped from oversold flights and prominent disclosure of all service fees  are much needed .
The new regulations , proposed on Wednesday , are a response to the many problems of modern air travel , including an enormous increase in the number of passengers bumped by airlines because of overbooked flights .
The Department of Transportation wants to raise the required payments to stranded passengers to a maximum of $ 1,300  up from a maximum of $ 800  depending on how long the wait was for another flight .
Passengers who bought tickets with frequent - flier miles would be entitled to compensation .
And airlines would have to inform passengers that they could receive cash  not just tickets on the same airline .
The City of London has been found to be one of the most polluted places in Europe after monitoring equipment recorded dangerous levels of minute particles for the 36th time this year .
Under EU rules , Britain is allowed no more than 35 " bad air " days in the whole year , and now faces court cases and unlimited fines by Europe .
The breaching of the EU levels after just six months will embarrass the government , which was sent a final warning only three weeks ago from the European commission to improve air quality .
Many other places in central London are close to the limit and can be expected to break the law within weeks .
The government has applied to Europe for a time extension until 2011 to comply with daily particulate pollution from traffic , but is not certain to be granted it because it has been flouting EU air quality laws since 2005 and is perceived by the environment commissioner Janez Potočnik to have done little to address the problem .
" Air pollution is bad for our health .
It reduces human life expectancy by more than eight months on average and by more than two years in the most polluted cities and regions , " he said .
The London Liberal Democrat MEP Sarah Ludford said : " This latest breach is yet another wake - up call for the mayor of London and the government .
Research has shown that airborne pollution in London could be responsible for up to thousands of premature deaths a year : this is an invisible public health emergency . "
Poor air quality is now considered one of the biggest public health issues now facing the UK .
A recent report by the House of Commons environmental audit committee included evidence that air pollution could be contributing to 50,000 deaths in the UK a year .
A study ( pdf ) commissioned by Boris Johnson , mayor of London , calculated that more than 4,300 deaths are caused by poor air quality in the city every year , costing around £ 2bn a year .
Simon Birkett , founder of the Campaign for Clean Air in London , said : " With the first of many London sites breaching the legal limit before the end of June , it is blindingly obvious now why the European commission sent the UK a second and final written warning for breaching these same legal standards , every year since 2005 in London , less than a month ago " .
Jenny Bates , London campaigner for Friends of the Earth , said : " Boris Johnson must abandon plans that will make the situation worse , such as scrapping the western extension to the congestion charge , pursuing more river crossings for vehicles and supporting a 50 % increase in flights from City airport .
This means taking strong action himself , rather than relying on uncommitted government measures to do the job . "
A spokesperson for Johnson said : " This is one of several central London locations which will receive a targeted package of measures to tackle pollution , for example applying dust suppressants to road surfaces and deploying the cleanest buses into these areas .
Other initiatives include proposed age limits for taxis , converting the bus fleet to hybrid and investing record levels into cycling .
" We are also proposing to include the dirtiest lorries and vans in the London low emission zone by early January 2012 .
The new bus for London will be 40 % less polluting than traditional diesel and we are spending millions to support the mainstream use of zero- polluting electric vehicles . "
A Defra spokesman said : " The mayor and London boroughs are responsible for local air quality in London .
The mayor has published a draft air quality strategy which includes specific measures to reduce PM10 and NO2 pollution .
" We are confident that PM10 limits will be met in London by the 2011 deadline and the government has submitted evidence to the European commission to demonstrate this . "
User name Day [ 9 ]
Photo None uploaded .
Joined TL.net Thursday , 17th of April 2003 Birthday Country United States Quote
Whenever I encounter some little hitch , or some of my orbs get out of orbit , nothing pleases me so much as to make the crooked straight and crush down uneven places .
www.day9.tv TL Posts 7366 Average Posts Per Day 1.15 Average Posts Per Week 8.05
Posts made in the last week 0 Liquipedia Contribution
Ciclovía keeps cars off the streets in the Colombian capital and brings rich and poor together - if only for a day
It 's a bright Bogotá morning and I 'm sprinting , standing up out of the saddle pushing hard on the pedals to cross La Septima ( 7th Ave ) and 19th street , normally one of the most nightmarish junctions in this traffic - swamped , car - crazy town .
But I 'm doing it for a laugh , not to escape quickly , as today 's a Ciclovía .
Ciclovía is a weekly , city - wide , car - free day in Bogotá that puts 76 miles of roads , including La Septima – the city 's main commercial centre – off - limits to cars .
It 's been running since 1974 , and offers a brilliantly bonkers insight into this wild Andean capital .
More than 2 million people come out every week to cycle , hang out , flirt , pose and eat on the street .
It 's transport policy in a Critical Mass dreamworld , and the weekly event makes Boris Johnson 's once - a - year cycling ambitions for London look like the lily - livered , business - loving , small - thinking , can 't - do claptrap they truly are .
Three out of four lanes in La Septima ( 7th Ave ) are closed and today are filled with elderly strollers in superfly shades carrying massive radios listening to tango , children scrambling round on toy bikes , punks on skates , stern - faced Lycra warriors on $ 5,000
Treks , moody goth skateboarders and , fabulously , one man and his pitbull in matching leather harnesses , panting in unison .
And all along the sidewalk , you can buy mangoes , coconut juice , salpicon ( a delicious fruit slurry ) as the guys selling mystery - meats - on - a - stick fan their embers with their baseball caps .
In public parks there are free yoga and aerobics classes , known as the Recrovia .
Today in the National Park , there was what looked suspicously like a vast and riotously good - humoured three - legged race .
Ciclovía 's impact has spread far and wide , with similar events all over Latin America , but here it's had an unintended but very welcome consequence : social integration .
" Ciclovía is one of the few places where Colombians of different classes mix , " says Mike Ceaser , who owns a bike rental business , Bogota Bike Tours .
" You 've got a lot of poor people and very few rich , here .
Rich and poor only meet as workers and employees in Colombia - janitor and bank manager , maid and home - owner .
But the Ciclovía is democratic .
Here , everyone 's on a bicycle , mixing , meeting on an equal level , " says Ceaser , a former journalist who set up his bike shop here last year when the US newspaper industry started cutbacks .
In Latin American cities , class and wealth define everything , with galaxy - sized gaps between the dirt poor and the astronomically wealthy , and here it 's no different .
Bogota 's income division is north - south .
The rich live in the north , and the poor in the south , but people switch territories during Ciclovia .
Cycling in Bogotá does not carry the eco / health / lifestyle cachet it does in the UK – if anything , it 's seen as a poor man 's way to save money on bus fares .
Wealthy Colombians wo n't commute to work as they think it makes them look poor .
But everyone loves the Ciclovía .
Any cyclist wanting a good look round Bogotá should stop by Ceaser 's shop in the old colonial heart of Bogotá , La Candelaria , where he has around 40 bikes and helmets for hire and expert tour guides on call .
It 's a fantastic way to see the city - safe , easy and affordable .
Today , I covered 10 times the ground on two wheels as I would have done by foot , or taxi , or bus .
As I pedal , smiling Colombians laugh at the tall gringo in the biggest , yellowest helmet they 've ever seen , panting and purple - faced as the altitude takes its toll : Bogotá is the world 's third - highest capital city , at 2,640 m above sea level .
Do n't worry if you hit a spot of bother on your bike , though .
The route is attended by hundreds of paid guardians carrying medical kits and bike tools .
( When the call first went out for the guardians , just 20 CVs were received .
When the city authorities rebranded the job as Bikewatch guards , after Baywatch , asking for athletic and active people to apply , they got 1,500 CVs , says former city official Enrique Peñalosa in this great film ) .
Be aware though - bike theft is rife , and bike parking spots are few and far between - and even when they look official , you may not be able to lock and leave , as Ceaser recalls on his blog .
The city also has a vast network of bike lanes - though they are in a pretty poor state and are often used by sidewalk vendors to sell anything from scavenged mobile phone parts to barbecued corn on the cob .
And the Ciclovía 's main route is under threat : the mass transit bus service , Transmilenio , may expand into some of the roads where the cyclists currently reign .
But it seems to have luck , albeit of a grim variety , on its side .
A few years back a Bogotá senator , Fernando Castro , tried to move the hours of Ciclovía to run it from 5 am to 12 noon , cutting back the most popular hours with the public .
During the senate hearing arguing for the move , in a scene straight out of a magic realist novel , the car - loving , chain - smoking senator keeled over at the dispatch box and died later that day .
If a city as busy and poor as Bogotá can close its roads every Sunday of the year , and every one of the dozens of holidays enjoyed here , why ca n't London , or Manchester , or Liverpool , or Glasgow or Cardiff or Newcastle ?
Is it so radical a concept to promote healthy , non-polluting , silent forms of transport that bring people together , rather than locking them behind airbags and safety glass , for just half a day a week ?
Must we measure everything so drearily in pounds lost to business ?
I guess revolutions are best left to the Latin Americans .
One of the most famous things written about any financial institution is the line of the American writer Matt Taibbi about Goldman Sachs : " A great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity , relentlessly jamming its blood funnel into anything that smells like money . "
It seems that the Securities and Exchange Commission , the body that polices the US financial industry , agrees .
Friday 's news that the SEC has launched a civil action against Goldman Sachs was astonishing to the world of money , not so much because the underlying events were astonishing , but because of the SEC 's manifest determination to come after the world 's richest and most powerful investment bank .
The sort of activity Goldman is alleged to have committed has already been the subject of a roasting for the bank 's boss , Lloyd Blankfein , at the US Congress hearings on the credit crunch .
The nub of the charge was that Goldman was helping some clients to make huge bets against the very same mortgage - backed assets that it was energetically selling to other clients .
As the inquiry chairman put it , the bank was " selling a used car with faulty brakes and then buying an insurance policy on those cars " .
Blankfein did n't even pretend to hide his irritation , and replied : " That 's what a market is . "
The buyers knew what they were doing , and the sellers were free to take a different view .
Is it really a market , though , if one side knows what is happening and the other does n't ?
That is the argument – not far off being a philosophical debate – on which the case will turn .
Goldman 's line of defence is already clear from its PR material .
The first three sentences of its press release twice mention the fact that the fraud case concerns a transaction between " two professional institutional investors " .
In other words , Goldman is planning the 10 CC defence : " big boys do n't cry " .
The very best book about this whole affair is Michael Lewis 's new book The Big Short .
Lewis worked at Salomon Brothers in the early 80s and wrote a brilliant book about it , Liar 's Poker .
Lewis now admits that he thought he was writing a furious anti-money diatribe , but his book was instead treated as a manual about how to get ahead in the amoral financial world of the 80s and after .
Now he 's gone back to Wall Street to write a kind of follow - up , about how the excesses he had described went unchecked for more than two decades , and ended in disaster .
The heroes of the story are the people who diagnosed the credit bubble early , and bet hugely against it .
The Big Short is , among other things , a blistering , detailed indictment of the way Wall Street does business , and its particular villains are the investment banks .
One thing that emerges clearly is how much the banks love opaque new financial products .
Collateralised debt obligations of the type involved in the Goldman case were fancy new inventions with no clear rules , no free market , and no transparency – all features that were , from the banks ' point of view , great news .
They could make them anyway they wanted , sell them any way they wanted , price them any way they wanted .
It was beautiful .
It 's impossible to read Lewis 's book without concluding that , in the course of the CDO fiesta , lines between right and wrong were repeatedly crossed .
The SEC lawsuit will turn on the much narrower issue of whether lines between legal and illegal were also crossed .
My hunch would be that Goldman is much less worried about this specific case than about what else the investigators might find , once they get into the bank 's affairs and start sniffing around .
As Lewis puts it : " Goldman Sachs is , to put it mildly , unhelpful when asked to explain exactly what it did , and this lack of transparency extends to its shareholders . "
A big bank can usually ignore its shareholders , but the authorities are unlikely to just ask nicely and then leave it at that .
In the US it is a crime to lie to a federal agent , and it's often this that sends people to jail over financial matters .
( Martha Stewart would have got away with insider trading ; it was lying to the Feds that landed her in the clink . )
No bank wants the Feds sniffing around , asking its employees awkward questions – and although this case is for the moment only a civil suit , that could change pretty fast .
So the question is : will the Feds find anything ?
I 'm not going to hold my breath .
One of Lewis 's subjects notices that when his trader at Goldman has anything awkward to say , she says it over her cellphone , because landline calls from the bank are taped .
" If a team of forensic accountants went over Goldman 's books , " one insider observes , " they'd be shocked at just how good Goldman is at hiding things . "
If there were to be any evidence of illegal activity at Goldman , it would be buried very , very deep .
In The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy , a notice ordering the demolition of someone 's house is found " on display " in a lightless , stairless cellar , in the bottom of a locked filing cabinet , in a disused lavatory , with a sign on the door saying " Beware of the leopard " .
The SEC will be lucky if it 's as obvious as that .
France is well known not only for its cuisine but also for its desserts and pastries .
Lately , it seems one of the trendiest dessert in local restaurants is chocolate coulant - a small chocolate cake which has a liquid core that oozes when you cut it .
I personally has never tasted a chocolate coulant before as chocolate is n't one of my favourite flavour ( Pierre would n't believe it - how can a woman not like chocolate ! ) .
I was however very intrigued by the combination of a solid and liquid cake at the same time , and decided to try it .
Coulants au café
( taken from Le B.A - ba du Chocolat )
Preparation : 10 minutes
Baking : 8 minutes
Makes : 4
Ingredients
200 g dark chocolate ( 70 % cocoa )
60 g sugar
150 g butter ( cubed )
40 g flour ( sieved )
10 cl strong coffee
4 eggs
a pinch of salt
Walnut oil
4 ramekins
Directions
Preheat oven at 220 °C ( 425 °F - gas mark 7 ) Break the dark chocolates into pieces and put them in a medium size bowl .
Pour the strong coffee ( boiling hot ) onto the chocolate and let the chocolate melt .
Add the cubed butter and the sugar to the chocolate mixture and mix it well with a whisk .
Stir in the sieved flour .
Then add in the eggs one by one making sure that the mixture is well mixed before stirring in the next egg .
Add a pinch of salt and and whisk it one last time .
Grease the individual ramekins with walnut oil and pour in the chocolate mixture .
Bake it for 8 minutes .
Let it cool on a raised wire rack before removing it from the mould .
The Verdict
Well , given how rich the ingredients are , it better be good !
And in fact , it is absolutely delicious : it 's a very strong chocolate flavour with a tint of coffee aroma .
If you like very sweet pastries or have a problem with the bitterness of dark chocolate , this one is n't for your however .
And if you are on a diet you should probably not have read this far .
In fact it is so rich that we had one each for tea time and ended up skipping dinner entirely .
Notes
The trick to get these cakes right is proper timing .
Bake them a few minutes too long ( or too hot ) and they 'll be solid like brownie .
Too short and you 'll have some chocolate sauce .
In fact one of my ramekins was very slightly different in size and it's texture was already different from the three others .
" It 's incredible , " Samuel Eto'o says as a dazzling smile lights up his usually serious face and he bangs a table in exultation .
" I 've always had this dream of playing in the World Cup in Africa and it's about to become a reality .
When I 'm in South Africa it will be the same as if I 'm back in Cameroon .
I 've always said that , even before Cameroon , I belong to Africa .
I might live in Europe but I sleep in Africa . "
Eto'o speaks in impassioned torrents of French , sounding as poetic as he is fiery while explaining how his extraordinary journey merges with the wider story of Africa 's first World Cup .
After making his international debut the day before he turned 15 Samuel Eto'o Fils left Cameroon for Spain in 1996 .
He travelled from his hometown of Douala to Madrid , shivering in short trousers when he arrived at Barajas airport , lonely and frightened .
" It seems incredible now , " Eto'o exclaims again , reaching for his favourite word , " but then my whole life is incredible ! "
His trial led to a contract with Real Madrid which ultimately entailed little more than him being shunted from one Spanish club to another .
Eto'o was loaned out to Leganés and Espanyol and Mallorca before , finally , the last of those clubs bought him in 2000 .
Four seasons on , having won the first of three African Player of the Year awards , Eto'o moved to Barcelona .
Despite suffering terribly from racism , Eto'o established himself as one of the world 's great footballers as he helped Barcelona win three La Liga titles and two Champions League finals .
A few weeks ago , having been transferred last summer to Internazionale as the Italian club were offered Eto'o and € 46 m ( £ 38 m ) in exchange for Zlatan Ibrahimovic , he celebrated his first season in Serie A by winning the treble – including yet another Champions League title as his work - rate and discipline proved crucial to José Mourinho 's tactical masterclass .
" That 's why I 'm so proud to be African in this World Cup , " Eto 'o says .
" Like most Africans I had to work much harder and show much deeper belief than others .
I started with nothing and reached the level I 'm at today .
All I had was football and God 's help .
But I made it and now I 'm going home , to Africa , where we can show a different face to the world .
" Most people only see Africa in terms of poverty and war , famine and disease .
But this World Cup gives us the chance to show something different .
I think the whole world is going to be really surprised by Africa .
This could be the best World Cup in history . "
Eto'o knocks on a wooden panel at Cameroon 's pre-World Cup base in a French country retreat , 45 minutes north of Paris .
" I 'm doing that for luck but Africa is ready to show the world how much joy we can bring to this tournament . "
An hour earlier there had been little joy in Eto'o .
He had arrived at a round - table meeting with French journalists like a regal African prince .
As he swanned through a sweltering conference room with haughty disdain it had taken less than a minute for Eto'o to display real anger .
Eyes blazing , he responded to Roger Milla 's recent suggestion that " Eto'o brought lots to Barcelona and Inter but never anything to Cameroon " .
Milla , the star of the Cameroon side which became the only African team so far to reach the World Cup quarter - finals , when they lost to England in extra-time at Italia ' 90 , was Eto'o 's boyhood hero .
But the very mention of Milla 's name made him smack the table repeatedly so that a line of tape recorders toppled over in front of him .
" People should respect me and they must shut up because playing in the quarter - finals is not the same as winning the World Cup .
My career does not just end in the quarter - finals .
I 've won the Olympic Games [ in 2000 ] , I 've won two Africa Cup of Nations [ in 2000 and 2002 ] .
How many Champions Leagues have I won ?
I do n't need to answer anything . "
He was asked another tremulous question and , again , brought his fist crashing down .
" I 'm 29 years old and I 've known glory for seven years .
Is Roger Milla a selector ?
He must shut his mouth .
The feelings I had for my idol mean that I can't say what I really think of him .
But I 've realised the facts and he has n't made history . "
And with that dismissive snort Eto'o stood up and sent a radio microphone spinning into the air .
It struck a Frenchman in the face with sufficient impact to make even Eto'o pause .
He held up his hand in silent apology , before striding out of the room .
A plan to use his communal exchange with the French press as a gentle warm - up for this , his only exclusive interview before the World Cup , seemed to have been obliterated by his rage .
It was hard to forget that two years ago this month Eto'o had apparently head - butted a journalist .
This time , eventually , Eto'o was coaxed back into the hotel lounge – because he understood the significance of speaking at a Puma and United Nations Environmental Programme collaborative event to raise awareness and money for bio- diversity causes in Africa .
It is an issue that means much to him .
And then , in our interview , it was not long before his anger gave way to the sheer anticipation of playing in South Africa .
Eto'o began to emerge as a far more engaging man – far removed from the seething figure he had been in a formal media setting .
But why had Milla so upset him ?
" It 's the same before every tournament .
We get some bitterness from older players .
All the African teams came to Paris before the World Cup because we 're sponsored by Puma .
Puma want to build this unity between African teams and yet some of us are going our separate ways .
That 's a shame . "
Milla 's criticism was made with specific reference to Cameroon 's disappointing Africa Cup of Nations earlier this year .
" It 's true we did n't do well , " Eto'o says , " but we need to write a better history in this World Cup .
It 's time for us to prepare mentally because the World Cup is played as much in the head as your legs . "
How closely had Eto'o followed Cameroon , and Milla , in 1990 ?
He beams again .
" I was nine years old and after every match I 'd run around the streets of Douala .
No one could catch me because I was so happy .
Even after we lost to England I thought it was amazing .
But watching that game again in later years , as I sometimes still do today , I think the world was n't ready for an African team to reach the semi-finals . "
Eto'o harbours a more personal resentment from his World Cup debut in France in 1998 .
He was the youngest player in the tournament , at 17 , and he has not forgotten the experience .
" It was very traumatising because we needed to beat Chile to make the second round – and we had two penalties which were refused .
We were knocked out and France went on to win . "
He leans forward animatedly : " The question we have all the time is whether an African team is able to win the World Cup .
But the real question is whether the world is ready for an African team to become champions ? "
Does he believe some officials might still subconsciously favour the more traditional European and South American powerhouses over the six African teams ?
" I 'm still a player , " Eto 'o smiles .
" I can't say that sort of thing .
We 've covered a lot of ground in the last 20 years and in Europe so many leading players are African .
If we prepare properly , then one of the African teams can do something special . "
As a reward for their qualification Eto'o presented each squad member with a watch reputedly worth € 29,000 .
That 's almost € 700,000 worth of watches but Eto'o shrugs when asked about his lavish generosity .
" It 's a small present I 'm giving to the national team compared to the joy they gave to our people . "
€ 29,000 is still a staggering price for a watch – even for a diamond - encrusted galáctico such as Eto'o .
" The amount of money I spend is not important .
If I were Bill Gates I do n't know what I would 've given my team - mates because the joy people felt after that game in Morocco [ when Eto'o 's goal secured Cameroon 's record sixth qualification for an African country ] has no price . "
The distance between such grand largesse and his humble arrival in Madrid 13 years before is stark .
" I never forget it .
In the moments before I went out for the Champions League final last month I thought about that day again .
It helped calm my nerves and make me appreciate how far I 've come .
I came to Madrid on a freezing winter day , in short trousers and a T - shirt .
I was with another African kid , a guy from Nigeria [ Antonio Olisse ] .
He broke his leg and did n't make it .
But we stayed in touch because I do n't forget .
It 's always been a very tough journey for African footballers in Europe – and it 's still tough today . "
Eto'o was subjected to racism throughout his career in Spain .
" I suffered a lot .
I 'll be a bit rude here but those who come to the stadium to whistle at me and make monkey chants and throw banana skins have not had the chance to travel and educate themselves like we did . "
He sounds strangely polite , with the power of his words underlined by the civility of his tone .
" I had to deal with it so often I found ways of making a point against racism .
When we played Real Zaragoza they chanted like monkeys and threw peanuts on the pitch .
So when I scored I danced in front of them like a monkey .
And when the same thing happened against Real Madrid I scored and held my fist in a Black Power salute . "
When he joined Barcelona he said he would " run like a black man to live like a white man " .
Eto'o nods at the memory : " People did n't really understand the deep meaning of my words .
Some treated me as a racist but the reality was there .
What I was trying to say is that [ as an African ]
I need to do more than others to be recognised at the same level . "
Will the first ever World Cup in Africa help eradicate these last festering outbreaks of racism in football ?
" I hope so , " Eto'o says , " but I suffered a lot in Italy this year .
So it 's not just one country where there is racism .
But to obtain these rewards you have to go through that .
And that 's why it 's incredible we 're playing in the country where my idol , Madiba [ Nelson Mandela ] , lives .
I 've been lucky enough to meet him twice .
I had the honour of being at his 89th birthday and had 10 minutes of private conversation with him .
It was one of the most amazing things that ever happened to me . "
Eto'o will lead Cameroon in two former Afrikaner heartlands with their first match next Monday against Japan in Bloemfontein before they travel to Pretoria to meet Denmark .
Both teams are beatable and the schedule suits Cameroon because they will face the group favourites , Holland , in their final group match .
" We have a good opportunity but I 'm not thinking of the quarters or the semi- finals yet .
On paper Brazil and Spain are the best but in Africa we say , ' You ca n't give power – you must earn it . ' "
Eto'o has earned more respect for his selfless play at Inter this season .
" It made me extremely happy that , two months ago , Mourinho told me he needed me to do something particular .
He wanted a very disciplined role and , because I respect him so much , I said , ' Yes , coach , ' and stuck to my task exactly .
These days you have to show that disciplined and tactical approach .
It 's not the same as the pure African football I played as a kid where you could be spontaneous .
We must bring this same discipline in the World Cup . "
Rather than not trying hard enough for Cameroon , as Milla implied , Eto'o has often attempted to do too much – constantly chasing the ball in an attempt to provide the individual magic missing from less illustrious team - mates .
" It 's different now .
I 'm the captain and my task is to inspire the team in another way .
In the same way I hope I can convince young Africans to believe in their dreams .
If you believe in something and have the strength not to give up , it can happen .
I am the living proof it can be done . "
Forgetting his spat with Milla , the flying microphones and even the extravagant watches , Eto'o signs a message for my son .
" Tell him to keep dreaming , " he says softly , full of warmth and hope , as if he might be talking to his 15 - year - old self on the day he left Africa for Europe – with the dream that , one day , he would return to play in a World Cup and so complete his incredible journey .
A brief exchange from The Flash 80 - Page Giant # 1 ( 1998 ) .
The setup : The DCU version of comic book writer Mark Millar is interviewing the Flash to get ideas for his next script .
Apparently DC Comics exists in the DCU , but they publish stories about “ real world ” heroes .
As you can see , they do n’t know all the details — like their secret identities — and have to fill in the gaps themselves .
Originally posted at K - Squared Ramblings .
In 1998 it was a play on the title of DC ’s biggest ever crossover event .
In 2004 , it was the title of DC ’s latest big crossover event .
Share
How can you tell the difference between good code and bad code ?
Hold that thought .
Can you tell the difference between David Foster Wallace and Ernest Hemingway ?
Here 's something in the DFW style :
And but so , walking beneath the faux - Greek [ 1 ] architecture crumbling and rotting away in the murk of the autumn , an autumn which had not so much descended as creeped up upon the city from the bay , rolling up from beneath flat - bottomed ships and barges where dockworkers laughed and swore and jabbed at each other , questioning parenthood and manliness , there a soiled plastic bag crinkled and cried beneath my feet , squawking its millennia - long half life , and there the acrid sky scowled down on me like an angry god .
( The footnote itself has a footnote . )
The Hemingway style is also distinctive :
See the man .
The man is old .
See the sea .
The sea has fish .
Fish , old man , fish .
Die , old man , die .
War is hell .
Programming languages can be as expressive and idiomatic as natural languages , and they govern how you write in them .
( So do coding guidelines and dialects and standards and idioms : if you 're Theodor Geisel or Ernest Hemingway , you get sentences of four to seven words , no complex clauses , and , by gum , you do n't get footnotes .
If you 're DFW or another pomo hero , you cram and glue separate sentences together with whatever punctuation is at hand , and if you tell a coherent story , cut it up and paste it together and pretend you did n't steal the technique from William S. Burroughs . )
One important difference between source code and literature is that aesthetic qualities are secondary concerns for source code .
Even still , you can't discount it .
Obviously bad code can have warning markers , and that is itself a useful characteristic : you can tell it 's bad code just by looking at it .
( The word bad here is ambiguous .
Is it bad because it has subtle bugs of implementation ?
Is the algorithm wrong ?
Does it have obvious or non-obvious failure conditions ?
Does it meet the specification ?
Is it maintainable ?
Does it have security problems ? )
Here 's the interesting thesis : languages which allow you to write ugly code let you skim programs to find bad code .
Languages which force you to write uniform code take away your ability to skim programs to find bad code .
In other words , the superficial visual differences between good Lisp code and bad Lisp code or between good Python code and bad Python code or good assembly code and bad assembly code or good Java code and bad Java code ( or good Befunge and bad Befunge code , if you have n't had enough DFW yet ) are smaller than the superficial visual differences between good Perl code and bad Perl code or good C code and bad C code or good C++ code and bad C++ code or good PHP code and bad PHP code .
( Statistics lie slightly ; the difference is likely one of standard deviations rather than absolute values . )
This characteristic may hide a small irony : Hemingway may be easier to skim than David Foster Wallace , but skimming Hemingway may lead you to skip over important small subtleties which a detailed reading can reveal .
( It 's an imperfect metaphor : that would require Hemingway to have had the ability to include subtlety in his writing . )
Put another way , if the natural tendency for writing code in a language produces code uniform within a small standard deviation , it 's difficult to write code that 's obviously right and code that 's obviously wrong — and is n't that a characteristic of good APIs ?
The right code should be obviously right and incorrect code should give you the howling fantods because it 's so obviously wrong .
U.S. scientists have released new estimates saying as much as 40,000 barrels of oil per day could have been flowing out of the broken BP well at the bottom of the Gulf Of Mexico .
The estimates are considerably higher than estimates released by scientists last month saying that 12,000 - 19,000 barrels of oil were likely leaking from the well each day since an April 20 rig explosion .
The new estimates were announced on June 10 by Marcia McNutt , director of the U.S. Geological Survey and the head of a team of scientists that has been assessing the rate of the oil leak .
BP cut a part of the leaking pipe on June 3 and has been able to attach a containment device that has been catching some of the leaking oil .
U.S. Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen , who is overseeing the response to the worst environmental disaster in U.S. history , said the containment device captured more than 15,000 barrels on June 9 .
In another development , U.S. officials have asked top officials of BP to meet with President Barack Obama to discuss the spill on June 16 .
U.S. officials have said they intend to hold BP responsible for all costs connected to the disaster , including plugging the leak and cleaning up the massive oil slick .
compiled from agency reports
Galway 's City Hall has been damaged in an explosion which occurred shortly before 8 am this morning .
Gardaí said a number of staff were in the building at the time of the incident but there are no reports of injuries .
A Garda spokesman said a number of windows had been blown out in the explosion but reported that damage " did not seem to be extensive . "
The cause of the explosion has not yet been established but Bord Gáis denied reports that it may have been gas related .
The company said Galway City Hall is not served by natural gas .
The building is currently closed to the public and forensic investigators are on their way to the scene .
Galway City mayor Declan McDonnell said he was relieved that so few people were in the building when the incident took place .
“ If this had happened an hour or two later there would have been serious consequences , about 300 to 400 staff based there , ” he said .
“ There were a few people in the building at the time but nobody was in the section damaged .
“ Obviously the ones that were in there are shocked and upset , but the good news is nobody was injured . ”
Mr McDonnell revealed that the blast happened in the payroll department and damaged half of the ground floor and blew out 15 large windows .
The administration , planning and finance sections of the council were also housed in the building , he said .
But the Mayor stressed that services remained in operation across the city .
“ There is an emergency team meeting this morning , putting in place plans for a new switchboard in one of our other premises for the time being , ” he added .
“ The building will be out of commission for a few weeks so the staff who work where will work from other buildings . ”
Additional reporting : PA
But the increase in net profit during the three months to December 31 came in below forecasts because of accounting charges , the impact of hurricane damage in the United States and a fire at the Texas City refinery .
The company 's share price fell 3.23 percent to 644 pence in late afternoon trading , while London 's FTSE 100 index of leading shares dipped 0.40 percent to 5,749.40 points .
Group chief executive John Browne , speaking after the earnings release , denied press reports that BP might buy Spanish oil company Repsol YPF .
BP is the latest major producer after Royal Dutch Shell and ExxonMobil to announce record high annual profits in the wake of surging oil prices .
Prices hit a historic high of 70.85 dollars per barrel in August 2005 after Hurricane Katrina devastated US Gulf Coast energy installations .
Investec analyst Bruce Evers said the fourth - quarter results were " a little disappointing " and " quite a bit below " consensus forecasts .
" BP has been badly affected by the hurricanes , " he noted .
Fourth - quarter net profit rose by 22.4 percent to 3.685 billion dollars from the same period in 2004 .
Excluding the value of its crude oil inventories and non-operating charges , fourth - quarter net profit rose to 4.895 billion dollars .
But that undershot market forecasts of 5.6 billion .
Last year 's Atlantic hurricane season caused extensive damage to BP 's new one - billion - dollar Thunder Horse platform , delaying the start of production until the second half of 2006 -- at least six months behind schedule .
The storms also damaged BP 's onshore Texas City refinery , which had already been damaged in a fatal explosion in March last year .
The Texas facility is expected to resume production in the first quarter of 2006 .
The result for the whole of 2005 was " a record " and " reflects the quality of our asset base and operations " , Browne said .
Nonetheless , 2005 net profit was below Shell 's latest annual net profit of 22.94 billion dollars .
BP 's full - year result was hit by a loss of 1.6 billion US dollars caused by the hurricanes , which led to a dip in fourth - quarter production .
The loss was 950 million dollars over the fourth quarter .
Group revenue stood at 255.16 billion dollars in 2005 , while full - year production increased to 4.014 million barrels of oil equivalent per day ( boepd ) from 3.997 million the previous year .
BP remained upbeat , saying it hoped to raise production to 4.1 - 4.2 million boepd in 2006 and by around 4.0 percent annually until 2010 .
Meanwhile , the group said it had replaced its annual production for the 13th consecutive year .
The group 's 2005 reserve replacement ratio -- the rate at which production is replaced by new oil discoveries -- stood at 100 percent according to British standards and 95 percent under the stricter US Securities and Exchange Commission guidelines .
Speaking at a press conference late on Tuesday , Browne told reporters BP would match rising costs with efforts to restructure the business and sell assets that did not fit into its plans .
It recently sold its petrochemical business Innovene to Britain - based chemicals group Ineos for 9.0 billion dollars .
" If ( things ) are getting bad , we may have to alter some things ... even radically , " he said .
Last October , BP cut 2,500 jobs at its European refining and marketing business as market conditions started to get tough .
Affected staff accounted for almost 9.0 percent of the unit 's 28,500 - strong workforce .
AFP
In an uncharacteristic move today , the Liberals suggested a plan to the Government that would allow the Canadian Forces to stay in Afghanistan beyond the 2011 pull out date .
The last discussion over the Afghan mission was a motion to extend our commitment to the Afghanistan war , a motion which the Liberals supported , granted the proviso that we remove all combat forces from the area by 2011 .
The Conservative government agreed ( the full text of the motion can be found here ) .
The gist of this new Liberals plan is to go ahead with the withdraw from combat operations while keeping troops in safer regions of the country to help with training the Afghan police , and with infrastructure developments .
I ’ll discuss the validity of this strategy later ( there are some issues here ) but for now let ’s focus on the question that ’s more cogent to FRM : when should a country use its Military and how ?
Wars have changed in the twenty - first century ; the conflicts are different , more a clash of ideologies than about geopolitics .
They are no longer fought on traditional battlefields with one massive force vs. another massive force ; superpowers ( currently ) do not war with each other .
This has given rise to the popularization of asymmetrical warfare , which is effectively a combination of Guerilla warfare , espionage , assassination , sabotage , and terrorism .
The goal of Asymmetrical warfare is to perpetually escalate violence while depriving your enemy of a target to hit .
It is particularly useful against super powers and established countries which heavily depend on blends of second and third generation warfare .
It forces them to engage in a manner which their citizens will find ethically questionable .
And it ’s that last part that makes the question of this article so important .
If the populace , the people , the citizens , find the methods of war required to achieve victory to be unacceptable , but failure to employ those methods results in a defeat , jeopardizing the ideals which held us back – what are the Generals to do ?
Currently , western militaries have two options ; censorship for the sake of national security or execution of counter - insurgency warfare ( See Israel ) and hope the populace can be swayed to understand the necessity .
But the problem is , neither of these solutions is ideal .
The first violates the Western ideal of government by the people for the people ; it denies the populace knowledge of their government ’s actions .
The second requires , usually , that the state sacrifice the moral high ground so as to survive against the barbarians at the gate .
When considered from this angle the outcome looks grim .
There are some , however , who speculate on a new tactic .
A tactic that Canada is well positioned to take advantage of .
That tactic is provincial reconstruction and cultural restoration .
This is something that we need to do AFTER the bad guys have been suppressed , and be certain in the first place that they need to be suppressed .
It ’s not a feel - good do - gooder force that goes around builds wells so they can later be claimed and / or destroyed by the bad guys .
It ’s a force that knows and believes in what our country stands for , has the ability to rebuild , and ( this is the important part ) is backed up by a fighting force that can and will destroy the peoples and organizations which stand against it .
So when we look at military police - actions in general , and the Liberal ’s plan specifically , we should be asking whether it will put us closer to this type of military / civil operation .
In the case of the proposed Liberal plan the answer is a resounding no .
It still leaves us dependant on a foreign country ( READ : The United States ) to do the protection for our reconstruction guys .
It ’s bad enough that we ’ll en up leaving the lives of our soldiers in the hands of another country ; but this also puts our ally into the untenable position where they become the demonic symbol of the imperialist West .
We , as a sovereign nation and interstate actor , must create a military that can rebuild other nations to the point where they might also function on the global stage .
A military with the capacity to instill a minimal level of governmental values while maintaining their unique cultures .
One might call it Peace Building .
That military , our military , must also be willing and able to stand and fight against those who pose a threat to peace building operations and we must do this hand - in - hand with the governments and nations that share our values , not while being carried by them .
But before we even get to that stage we need to admit to ourselves that our values , while not perfect , are easily the most successful and humane in history , and that any real steps toward globalization must fall within the loose standards of Classical Liberalism .
You do n’t have to be Catholic , you do n’t need to be white , you do n’t need to like hamburgers , or have a swimming pool , you do n’t need to eat with a fork or celebrate Christmas .
You simply need to play within the loose and versatile rule set of Western governance .
So you ask me , what is the use of War by a freedom loving country ?
The use is removal of tyrants and despots who stand against our values and threaten our security , the defense of those countries struggling to build their own social institutions .
Wars will not be short , they will not be clean , but they will be necessary and they require our support .
Have pride in our country and its role as a leader on the global stage , demand that it stick to its core values , and you ’ll have your peace .
But it ’s not going to be free .
Nothing ever is .
German chancellor Angela Merkel 's centre - right coalition government looked to be close to collapse today , weakened by a string of disagreements and intense infighting over austerity cuts , policy reform and the departure of senior conservatives .
Less than eight months after it took office , the government was given only a narrow chance of running to a full term by the majority of Germans , 53 % of whom said in a poll they expected it to fall .
" Either we get things sorted out in Berlin , or it will soon be the end for the coalition , " said Jorg - Uwe Hahn , head of the Hessen branch of the Free Democrats ( FDP ) , the junior coalition allies of the Christian Democrat Union ( CDU ) and its Bavarian sister party , the CSU .
Renate Künast , leader of the opposition Greens , said : " The phrase ' new elections ' is in the head and the heart of anyone who is thinking in a politically responsible way . "
Merkel called at the weekend for the government partners to bury the hatchet over their disagreements after a week when relations reached such a low that members of her government had variously referred to each other as " wild pigs " and " gherkin troops " ( rank amateurs ) .
But much of the mistrust and anger is being directed at Merkel herself .
This week 's Spiegel magazine called her the Trummerfrau , a reference to German women who cleared away the rubble after second world war bombings .
It painted a picture of a woman presiding over a government in ruins and used its title page to request the government in one word to " Aufhören ! " , or stop .
Criticised at home and abroad for mishandling the euro crisis , Merkel 's latest political headache is the four - year € 80bn ( £ 67 bn ) austerity package passed last week in an attempt to reduce Germany 's deficit .
Many of Merkel 's own CDU MPs fear a voter backlash after growing criticism that the cuts are socially imbalanced .
Almost 80 % believe the cuts to be socially unfair , while 67 % want an increase in the top rate of tax , which Merkel has strongly resisted .
Public anger at the package spilled over at the weekend when thousands of demonstrators took to the streets .
The package has also stoked the anger of Merkel 's French counterpart , Nicolas Sarkozy , who has accused the Germans of creating an atmosphere that will stifle growth in Europe at a time when it should be stimulated .
Sarkozy arrived in Berlin for talks with Merkel tonight – a meeting which the German leader cancelled at the last minute a week ago , adding to speculation that relations between the two politicians are at an all - time low .
The recent departure of CDU heavyweight Roland Koch , the state premier of Hessen , and the unexplained resignation of Horst Köhler , another CDU man , from the post of president have also left Merkel looking increasingly exposed .
Two further ministers have covertly expressed their desire to quit Merkel 's government , including its most popular politician , defence minister Karl - Theodor Guttenberg of the CSU , who has faced a backlash over his attempts to scrap compulsory military service , and Philip Rössler , the FDP health minister , whose efforts to reform the health system have been rejected by parts of the bickering government .
The chaos has led commentators to refer to Merkel 's administration as a " constipated institution " .
Writing in the Süddeutsche Zeitung , commentator Daniel Brössler said : " Governments need to be steered , but the Merkel cabinet is no longer steering .
It resembles a car where the only thing that 's working is the brakes . "
All eyes are now on June 30 , when politicians will vote for Germany 's new president – either the Merkel - backed candidate , Christian Wulff , state premier of Lower Saxony , or the opposition - backed , East German - born Protestant vicar and human rights activist Joachim Gauck .
A growing number of FDP politicians are pledging to support the pastor , snubbing Merkel .
If Merkel 's candidate loses , the common consensus is that the chancellor 's position would become untenable .
She would then be likely to face a vote of no confidence in parliament – an event that has happened three times since 1949 – which could ultimately lead to a switch in coalition partners , or more likely , new elections .
The last coalition government to collapse before completing its elected term was the Social Democrat - Green alliance under Gerhard Schröder , which collapsed in 2005 .
• This article was amended on 15 June 2010 .
The original refered to Karl - Theodor Guttenberg as a member of the CDU .
This has now been corrected .
COLUMBUS , Ohio - State Sen. Shannon Jones had been barreling down I - 71 on March 23 as she made her way to Columbus in the pre-dawn hours .
" Shhhh ... do n't tell anyone but I 'm driving twice as fast on 71 to Columbus as Strickland 's slow - speed rail , " the Springboro Republican messaged on her Twitter account after completing her commute .
" Even my soccer mom mobile can far exceed slow rail speeds , " she sent a few minutes later .
Jones ' soccer mom smack talk about the 39 mph average speed of the proposed 3C passenger rail line is one of the most persistent criticisms of the rail line championed by Democratic Gov. Ted Strickland and designed to link Cleveland , Columbus , Dayton and Cincinnati .
3C detractors have plenty of questions about the overall cost of the project and the projected annual ridership of 478,000 .
But the proposed schedule for the trains -- which shows a 255 - mile Cleveland to Cincinnati trip taking 6.5 hours -- has become a lightning rod for criticism .
How the proposal is perceived by Republican lawmakers -- and the public at large -- is crucial now as approval of the $ 400 million federally funded project awaits bipartisan " supermajority " approval from the state controlling board .
While a vote has yet to be taken , both GOP state senators on the controlling board have said they are highly skeptical of the project and suggested they may vote no .
The first test is expected to come soon when state officials ask the controlling board for the green light to spend $ 25 million of the federal rail grant on engineering and environmental work that will better detail the 3C plan .
That $ 25 million would also enable the state to begin talks with freight rail companies on track improvement and scheduling questions , which should prove to be complicated .
Stung by what they feel is an inaccurate portrayal of " snail rail " based on rough estimates from Amtrak , the Strickland administration asserts that the 39 mph figure is misleading -- and below the average speed that the 3C will actually reach .
" Unfortunately , a lot of that criticism is based on that proposed schedule , " said Ohio Department of Transportation spokesman Scott Varner .
" But we know the trains will go faster than that -- our modelers have already found a couple of locations where a longer curve can be turned into a straightaway . "
Because the 3C would run
on existing freight rail lines , Varner said that speed limits at some points that apply to freight lines -- such as when going over bridges -- can be raised for passenger trains without making additional improvements .
He said state engineers have also been busy identifying freight rail crossings that can be reconfigured to keep passenger trains moving at a faster clip .
Varner points to passenger trains in Illinois , Michigan , Missouri , Texas and Oklahoma that all operate with average speeds in the 45 to 55 mph range as models for the 3C , which would have a top speed of 79 mph .
That may not sound like much , but jumping from an average speed of 39 to 46 mph would shave an hour off the Cleveland to Cincinnati trip time laid out in the proposed schedule .
And an average speed of 57 mph would knock two hours off the travel time .
" While some will say that 's not fast enough , that 's the kind of speed that has ridership up in these other states , " Varner said .
State Sen. Jon Husted , an influential Republican from the Dayton area , said the speed of the train is a big factor in the overall equation because it will play into how many people want to ride the train .
He is n't sold that an incremental jump in speed matters .
" I 'm not sure that the difference between 39 miles per hour and 45 miles per hour makes that big of a difference , " he said with a laugh .
" Ultimately , if you really want to escalate the ridership you need to make it faster than driving , but that costs a lot of money to do and may not be practical in Ohio . "
State rail officials acknowledge that much work needs to be done to get the existing rail lines even up to 45 or 55 mph average speed they envision for the 3C .
Additional tracks will need to be built at bottlenecks in major cities as well as in the Greenwich area in Huron County where east - west and north - south freight traffic cross .
And rail lines would need to be replaced at certain points just to get passenger trains up to car - like speeds .
For example , Rail America operates freight trains with a top speed of 25 mph along a 12 - mile stretch of the proposed 3C corridor outside of Cincinnati .
Company officials say that major track upgrades would be needed to go any faster .
" We have older rail that is smaller in size , " said Dave Arganbright , the company 's vice president of government affairs .
" If you want to run trains any faster , then you would need to put in more modern - sized rail . "
To be eligible for the $ 400 million in federal money , Ohio officials had to tell federal rail authorities that the 3C would be run on rail lines capable of reaching 110 mph within a " reasonable " timeframe .
And while Ohio officials are quick to point out how the 3C could pick up speed , they are n't as quick to acknowledge the difficulties in reaching speeds above 79 mph on the state 's existing freight lines .
Increased maintenance , crossing and signal upgrades are all federally mandated as you increase train speeds , which could send costs soaring as the top speed of the 3C moved from 79 to 90 to 110 mph .
Freight company CSX showed a concern with passenger trains moving faster than 90 mph when it signed a memorandum of understanding with state rail officials that called for new tracks to be built if passenger trains want to break 90 mph .
" It escalates costs , there is no question , " said Husted .
" ODOT has been talking out of both sides of its mouth on this issue -- they say that the proposal is the first step to 110 mph trains , but you could never do 110 on these tracks . "
The Mathematics of Pathological Tennis June 25 , 2010
Roscoe , N.Y .
Many tennis fans seemed to enjoy the 5th set of the recent Wimbledon match between John Isner and Nicolas Mahut .
In the absence of a tie - break for the final set , it went on for 138 games , finally ending at an unfathomable score of 70 - 68 with only one break of serve at the end .
To me , it was a frightening but not altogether surprising phenomenon .
The men's game has increasingly emphasized power serves , and modern rackets help the players achieve serves that are simply unreturnable .
The sheer number of aces in the Isner / Mahut match should be a warning that this problem will only get worse in the future .
I 'm not sure if we 'll ever see something quite so extreme , but I suspect we 'll see a match come close in the years ahead , and we 'll see more matches achieve double - digit 5th sets .
( And while I 'm at it , I 'll also predict that Wimbledon will implement a last - set tie - break sometime in the next decade . )
But I was curious about the mathematics of this 5th set .
Just how unlikely was it ?
Let 's assume you have two equally matched players who are both powerful servers and who happen to be playing very consistently .
Both players have a probability P of holding serve against the other .
In other words , for each point , the server has a probability P of winning the point , and the returner has a probabiliy of ( 1 – P ) of winning the point .
Just as a sample number , let 's assume P is 0.9 .
Each player , when serving , wins 90 % of the points .
It 's well known based on the Law of Large Numbers that if P is greater than 0.5 , the more points that are played , the more likely it is the server will win overall .
For example , for one point , the probability that the server will win is just P or ( in my example ) 0.9 .
But for " best two out of three points " the server can win in one of three ways :
Win-Win with a probability of P2 or 0.81 .
Lose - Win-Win with a probability of ( 1 – P ) • P2 or 0.081
Win -Lose - Win also with a probability of ( 1 – P ) • P2 or 0.081
The total is 0.972 , which means that " best two out of three " increases the probability of the server to win from 90 % to 97 % .
What is the probability of the server winning a regular 4 - point tennis game ?
The server can win with 4 points in a row with a probability of P4 or ( using P equal to 0.9 ) a probability of 0.6561 .
The server can win with 5 total points in 4 different ways : LWWWW , WLWWW , WWLWW , and WWWLW .
Each has a probability of P4 • ( 1 – P ) , so the total probability is 4 • P4 • ( 1 – P ) or 4 • 0.06561 which is 0.26244 .
The server can win with 6 total points in 10 different ways : LLWWWW , LWLWWW , LWWLWW , LWWWLW , WLLWWW , WLWLWW , WLWWLW , WWLLWW , WWLWLW , and WWWLLW .
Each has a probability of P4 • ( 1 – P ) 2 , so the total probability is 10 • P4 • ( 1 – P ) 2 or 10 • 0.006561 which is 0.06561 .
Already we 're up to a total probability of 0.6561 + 0.26244 + 0.06561 = 0.98415 , and we have n't even gotten to the messier math of the deuce .
There are 6 ! / ( 3 ! • 3 ! ) or 20 different ways to get to deuce .
( OK , I 'll list them : WWWLLL , WWLLLW , WWLLWL , WWLWLL , WLLLWW , WLLWLW , WLLWWL , WLWLLW , WLWLWL , WLWWLL , and now switch all the W's and L's . )
The probability of winning 3 points and losing 3 points is P3 • ( 1 – P ) 3 , so the total probability of getting to deuce is 20 • P3 • ( 1 – P ) 3 or 20 • 0.000729 which is 0.01458 .
At deuce , you must win two games in a row .
The probability of that is P2 or 0.81 .
The probability of losing two games in a row is ( 1 – P ) 2 or 0.01 .
There are two different ways to win one and lose one , each with a probability of P • ( 1 – P ) or 2 • P • ( 1 – P ) or 0.18 , at which point it starts over again .
( Notice how the three probabilities add to 1 , which is always comforting . )
So the total probability of winning deuce is a power series :
P2 + P2 • [ 2 • P • ( 1 – P ) ] + P2 • [ 2 • P • ( 1 – P ) ] 2 + P2 • [ 2 • P • ( 1 – P ) ] 3 + ...
Or :
P2 • ∑ [ 2 • P • ( 1 – P ) ]
N
where N goes from 0 to infinity .
It 's not as bad as it looks .
It is well known that the infinite geometric series
∑ XN
where X is less than 1 converges to 1 / ( 1 – X ) , which means that the probability of winning at deuce is :
P2 / ( 1 – 2 • P • ( 1 – P ) ) or ( setting P to 0.9 ) , 0.81 / 0.82 = 0.9878 .
So , if the probability of holding serve is P , the probability of winning a 4 - point service game is the sum of the following :
Four points in a row : P4 or 0.6561 .
Win four , lose one : 4 • P4 • ( 1 – P ) or 0.26244 .
Win four , lose two : 10 • P4 • ( 1 – P ) 2 or 0.06561 .
Get to deuce and win : 20 • P3 • ( 1 – P ) 3 • P2 / ( 1 – [ 2 • P • ( 1 – P ) ] ) or 0.01458 • 0.9878 = 0.01440 .
The total is 0.65610 + 0.26244 + 0.06561 + 0.01440 = 0.99855 .
In other words , if the probability of the server winning the point is 90 % , the probability of the server winning the four - point game is 99.8 % .
Now for the big question .
If the probability of the server winning the game is 0.99855 , what is the probability of a set going on for 137 games without a break of serve ?
That 's simply :
0.99855137 = 0.82
That is a very high number , and surely we wo n't be seeing 82 % of all matches last for 11 hours !
But let 's try something a little more reasonable :
Let 's say that each of the two players consistently wins 75 % of points when serving against the other player .
The probability of winning a four - point game is 94.9 % .
The probability of 137 straight games without a loss of serve is about 0.08 % or about 1 in every 1,250 matches .
Addendum , June 26 , 2010
Here are results for a few other values of P ( the probability of winning a point on serve ) .
All numbers are probabilities .
Winning a point on serve : 0.8 0.75 0.7 0.6 0.5 Winning a game in 4 points : 0.40960 0.31641 0.24010 0.12960 0.06250
Winning a game in 5 points : 0.32768 0.31641 0.28812 0.20736 0.12500
Winning a game in 6 points : 0.16384 0.19775 0.21609 0.20736 0.15625 Getting to deuce : 0.08192 0.13183 0.18522 0.27648 0.31250 Winning at deuce : 0.94118 0.90000 0.84483 0.69231 0.50000
Winning the game : 0.97822 0.94922 0.90079 0.73572 0.50000 137 games without break of serve : 0.049 0.00079 6.07 × 10–7 5.50 × 10–19 5.74 × 10–42
Suppose players A and B are in the 5th set of a match .
Player A is serving well enough against B to win , on average , 80 % of all points .
Player B is not quite as good but wins 70 % of all points when serving against A .
The probability of going two games without a break of serve is the product of the probability of winning a game for these two cases : 0.97822 × 0.90079 = 0.88928 .
The probability of going 136 games without a break of serve is that number to the 68th power , or .00034 , or about one match in every 3,000 .
Great grandmother , 90 , dies after being catapulted from faulty stairlift
Gwendoline Rhymer died after she fell down a flight of stairs while using a faulty stairlift
A great - grandmother died after being catapulted 20ft down stairs in her home by a faulty stairlift , an inquest heard .
Gwendoline Rhymer , 60 , passed away in hospital three days later from injuries sustained in the horrific fall .
Mrs Rhymer was spun round in her chair and tipped out headfirst after restraining bolts on the seat sheared off .
Her daughter Vanessa Faulkner told the hearing her mother was ' frightened to death ' of the chairlift .
Mrs Faulkner said the widow was so petrified she used to cling onto a handrail as the chair was in motion and say : ' I will not fall will I ?
A hearing in Sheffield was told the family had reported a ' whining ' noise and ' juddering ' with the mechanism a week earlier but the company maintaining the stairlift had not sent out an engineer .
Mrs Rhymer 's grand - daughter and carer Joanne Rhymer said she had helped her wash and dress in the bathroom and was attempting to strap her into the stairlift with a seatbelt when it went wrong .
She said : ' I went to pull the belt to put it around her but before I could do it the chair swung round and tipped her over .
My nan went straight over the bar falling from top to bottom . '
Miss Rhymer said she had complained to manufacturers MediTek a week before .
' They said they would send somebody out but nobody came , ' she said .
Just a year previously , the stairlift had developed an electrical fault which was repaired .
A stairlift pictured on the MediTek UK website
The carer who lived with the 90 - year - old at their home in Birdwell , Barnsley said she always put the seatbelt around her mother 's waist .
She said : ' She was so frightened she used to hold a bar at the side .
She was scared to come down . '
Mrs Faulkner said her mother who had osteoarthritis in both knees and a variety of ailments , was incapable of putting the seat belt on herself .
She rang the police after the accident and an officer said the stairs gradient was too steep for the type of stairlift and there was more than five years wear and tear on the machine which was installed as new in July , 2006 .
The inquest heard Barnsley Council awarded a contract to MediTek to supply and fit stairlifts and the company sub-contracted the installation and maintenance to a company called Obam .
Engineer Anthony
Hall confirmed two of the retaining screws on the seat had sheared off when the machine was examined .
He also believed the seat belt had not been regularly used .
Obam director Christopher Butroid said after the tragedy all users of stairlifts on their books were contacted and the seat belts were removed and new ones put on which were tightened up .
Two independent experts told the hearing the seat belt failed but they disagreed as to whether it was the design or the fitting .
Mrs Rhymer 's stairlift had been due to be serviced the month she died .
Pathologist Dr Steven
Beck said she suffered extensive bruising to her forehead and broken ribs in the fall .
He concluded she died from a heart attack on July 15 last year due to a blunt trauma injury to the chest sustained in the fall three days earlier .
The hearing continues .
At a behind - closed - doors event at E3 , Gran Turismo 5 producer Kazunori Yamauchi showed off his game with an almost fatherly pride .
As he talked about how the cars would be arranged , and the level of attention given to even the smallest detail of the track , it became clear why the game has been pushed back so many times ; this is a man who is never satisfied .
The game will feature over 1,000 cars , split into two categories .
The Standard cars will be made up of vehicles from the past games , and will have a lower level of detail .
There will be around 200 cars in the Premium category , with deformable panels , fully modeled interiors , and fully modeled undercarriages for when the cars flip during a race .
Showing off pictures of the Premium cars next to the real thing , Yamauchi mournfully noted that they 've almost worked too hard , and their level of precision in making these virtual cars is more suited to the next PlayStation system .
He pointed out that the graffiti on the Nürburgring track is faithfully reproduced in the game , although the more profane statements had to edited out .
They keep updating the messages scrawled on the track 's surface , just to make sure they have an up - to - date representation of the real thing .
It 's a hopeless task .
The second the game ships someone is going to write something on the track , and suddenly the textures will be out of date .
One gets a sense that Yamauchi is keenly aware of this .
When Futurama returns to the airwaves Thursday , time - traveling loser
Fry will still have that familiar squeak in his voice .
That 's because the original voice actors who bring the animated series ' characters to life are on board for the series ' rebirth , despite a brief panic last year when 20th Century Fox 's hardball negotiations threatened to recast the show to cut costs .
See Also : Futurama Re-Enters Orbit With Death Spheres , Robosexual RightsVeteran actor Billy West – who voices Fry , Professor Farnsworth and Dr. Zoidberg , among other characters on the sci - fi comedy – says he feels better than he ever did about the show , whether during its original run on Fox , its life - support syndication on Adult Swim or the four straight - to - DVD Futurama movies .
" There are more laughs in this season than any I ever remember , " West told Wired.com by telephone ahead of Thursday 's hour - long Futurama season premiere on Comedy Central .
" They 're killing , and we 're dying laughing at the table .
The show is funnier than I seem to remember it . "
In the interview below , the voiceover artist geeks out on Futurama drama , including whether slacker antihero
Fry really deserves the affections of kick - ass spacefarer Leela ( voiced by Katey Sagal ) , and why studios should kick unworthy celebrities off animation 's blockbuster gravy train .
Wired.com :
What did you think of Fox 's negotiation tactic , which put the cast in jeopardy ?
Billy West : I think it was just high drama .
It 's all business .
It 's silly .
It 's full - blown adults pretending at each other .
" OK , we have to recast ... "
Like it 's that easy ?
You 're just going to happen to find a bunch of freaks who can do what we do ?
And then they 're going to pull the plug on the show to put a scare into us ?
Wired.com :
It seemed desperate and ridiculous , kind of like the show 's cancellation .
West : I always knew the show was too good to be dropped .
It 's just too good .
It 's like , " How is this possible ? "
It 's my favorite thing I 've ever done .
It has a high rewatchability factor .
There 's a lot of stuff you do n't catch , so you go back and catch it .
Wired.com :
What have you enjoyed most about playing Fry all these years ?
West :
The constant test of whether I 'll be able to do him .
I 'm practically 50 years old , and have to come up with this adolescent voice every week .
[ Adopts Fry 's voice ]
But I 'll do it as long as I can do it !
Wired.com : Does Fry deserve Leela ?
Now that they 've finally hooked up , is it going to be weird to have to come up with ways to keep them apart for the sake of narrative tension ?
West :
It 's in the hands of greater minds than mine .
I 've loved everything the writers have come up with so far , because it 's so calibrated .
We 're changing lines every day , putting in new ones that are funnier .
The writers work so hard and are so funny .
So I want to execute their intentions as best I can .
Billy
West gives voice to Fry and several of Futurama 's other characters .
Photo courtesy Comedy Central
Wired.com :
Now that animation is blockbuster biz , do you think voice acting is an underrated art ?
West :
It 's absolutely an art .
But you have an industry that 's tailoring characters to the people they want to play them .
If we come up with something cool , they 'll save it and give it to Alec Baldwin .
I do n't mean to target Baldwin ; he 's pretty cool .
But they 'll find any celebrity who 's out there and say , " Want $ 20 million to play a character just like yourself ? "
They do n't have to create a character , which invalidates what we 've been doing .
And I know why that is :
We 're going to have 3 - D TV very soon .
It 'll be great , but we 'll have no programming .
All the 3 - D movies coming out now are going to have a second life on TV .
And just because there is no more live action does n't mean we 're going to give up our precious star system .
Wired.com : I take it you 're not a fan of some of the animated films that have been fast - tracked for the mallrats .
West :
There is a strange disparity , spending zillions on the highest tech to make a believable movie whose voices do n't measure up to that tech .
They flatline .
There will be a day when we do n't know who these people are .
What the hell ?
Wired.com :
How is your art different than theirs ?
West :
The idea is to start from zero , just like a writer does .
They show you a picture , describe what you are looking for and you have to rise and build something out of nothing .
But just coming in and being who I am ?
I bitch about celebrities doing voices for movies because , talk to people in their 20s who want to become voiceover artists , and what do I tell them ?
They 're about to enter an industry that does n't exist .
The notion that studios will put more asses in the seats if they have celebrities doing voices , well there 's no evidence to support that .
Wired.com : I think the continuing success of Futurama , South Park , Avatar : The Last Airbender and other stellar animated series puts the lie to that premise .
West :
Any rational , thinking person would go , " Why did n't they just get my plumber to do it ?
Or my cousin Mike ? "
What is Brad Pitt when he 's a disembodied voice ?
My brother .
No offense to my brother .
When you think about it and boil it down , they can't see the forest for the trees .
You 're giving people millions of dollars to come in and be who they are .
It 's a dying art .
Wired.com :
Who are some of the greatest practitioners of that dying art ?
West : I look to my peers , because they make me better than I am .
I 'm in awe of people like Tress MacNeille , Maurice LaMarche and Dave Herman .
Eddie Murphy understands characters ; he knows how to change his voice .
Mike Myers understands multiple - character work ; he can separate who and what he is .
Same with Robin Williams .
Those are the actors who know how to do voice work .
Those are the ones I respect .
It 's like getting a letter from home .
See Also :
You Adventure # 1 : Baseball Ballyhoo
An interactive choose - your - own - adventure multimedia mystery !
In this exciting game of drama and skill , your task is to save Major League Baseball from the clutches of doom !
Along the way you 'll make some great friends and perhaps find the secret to true inner-peace !
There are thousands of possible endings , but only one way to triumph !
Will you be victorious ?
I really do n't care .
( 1.75 MB ) Other Flash Movies Back to Top
Copyright Blah Blah Blah ( 1950 - 2020 ) Fragmaster .
Site designed with Notepad and MSPaint !
Hey whoa , a comic on the internet .
And it ’s here despite Tony wanting to hogtie some strangers while Wes painfully upgraded his brain .
Weird Science : Cinema ’s Five Worst Experiments
Science fiction films , much more so than books , have always used audience ’s fear of the unknown in order to sell tickets .
Whatever can go wrong , will go wrong , in some exaggerated Hollywood context , especially when dealing with near - future technology .
The film Splice is one of the latest of the techno - fear movies , playing on the long - time and still all - too - current phobia we seem to have of scientists who mess around in what some consider to be only God ’s sandbox : genetics .
The film tells the story of two lab rats ( Adrian Brody and Sarah Polley ) who secretly splice together a mish - mash of animal genes with human DNA and end up with a new creature they name “ Dren ” .
As you might imagine , things do n’t exactly end up sunshine and rainbows .
But it ’s hardly the first film to express society ’s fears of the worst that could happen …
The Island of Doctor Moreau
H.G. Wells original novel in 1896 was written as a reaction to public fears on animal vivisection and of degeneration , conjecture on Darwin ’s Theory of Evolution that humans might not always be the dominant adapted species .
It was n’t until the third adaptation of the story into a film that the story ’s root techno - fear became genetic tampering .
John Frankenheimer helmed this version in 1996 starring Marlon Brando as the crazed doctor and Val Kilmer as the survivor of a plane crash who bears witness ’s to the island ’s mixture ’s of human and animal DNA ( including the perhaps uncomfortably sexy Fairuza Balk as a half - cat lady ) .
The film was a gigantic mess and a failure both financially and critically , one which has been chalked up to a number of factors , but most notably , Frankenheimer directly attacking Kilmer and Brando as being totally impossible to work with .
There ’s an appeal though , so long after the fact the mess seems like more of a fascinating one .
The Boys From Brazil
When someone brought up cloning as a concept to the seventies , the decade lost it ’s damn mind , no more memorably so than in the ’ 78 British / American co-production of Ira Levin ’s novel of the worst possible post WWII nightmare .
Some folks , even today , claim this actually happened ( crazy people , mind you ) .
I ’m of course talking about , Hitler clones .
Laurence Olivier hunts down Gregory Peck as Josepf Mengele who is trying to perform the heinous genetic recreation .
Or has already …. many times .
Believe it or not , this fun but silly sci-fi film scored three Oscar nominations .
And it ’s even got a young Steve Guttenberg in it !
Of course , in retrospect , many believe Guttenberg ’s career itself to have been a third reich plot to instill mediocrity into the western world .
The Fly
If you ’ve seen David Cronenberg ’s masterful 1986 remake of the 1958 film , then you ’re going to be smacked in the face with thematic similarities when you watch Splice .
There ’s no getting past it : more than just a little influence came from this Jeff Goldblum starring horror film .
He plays a scientist who has come up with an almost - functional teleportation chamber .
When his new girlfriend ( Geena Davis ) gives him the idea of how to make it be able to transport things of the fleshy variety , he tries it out on himself , only to regret not having built in a more no -nonsense safety buffer .
His DNA becomes fused with an errant fly who was in the machine with him , which at first seems great , as he is gifted with added strength and dexterity ; if Stan Lee had come up with the idea first , it would be a superhero origin film .
But it ’s a Cronenberg film , which means horrible HORRIBLE mutations start happening and the worst / best ( depending on your viewpoint ) kind of get - under - your - skin body horror proceeds to turn things rather gooey .
Jurassic Park
Is n’t science wonderful ?
Why , old man John Hammond ( Richard Attenborough ) is a modern day Walt Disney , taking the forefront of science and genetic engineering to do the most wonderful thing imaginable : bringing back to life the dinosaurs !
At least on paper perhaps it sounded great , but as Sam Neill , Laura Dern , Jeff Goldblum and others discover , not so much in practice .
“ Nature always finds a way ” , Goldblum ’s chaos theory scientist opines , and of course , he nails it on the head as the genetic solution Hammond ’s scientists came up with to fill in sequence gaps , leads to the uncontrolled breeding that is the worst case scenario for the island .
Audiences and critics largely embraced the film , many reacting with the same sort of sense of wonder the characters in it expressed ( at first ) at the dinosaurs in it , the effects being game - changing at the time .
It was popular enough for it to garner two not - as - successful sequels and I think everyone fully expects the long - planned fourth movie to eventually rear it ’s potentially ugly head .
Gattaca
As obvious a good thing as it would seem to many , the idea of using genetic technology to protect the human genome from abnormalities , there certainly would be a possible dark side to it , one which this 1997 sci - fi film explores .
Ethan
Hawke plays a man born without the use of this tech and finds himself in a society that , regardless of genetic discrimination laws , does n’t allow “ In - Valid ”s such as himself to do much .
When he meets Jude Law , a former athlete who was paralyzed in a suicide attempt , he buys his DNA identity in order to pursue his own dream of becoming an astronaut .
Of course , there ’s no problem with that genetic resume to get the job , but shortly before launch , a man is murdered and some of that borrowed DNA is found on the crime scene .
Hawke has to dodge the detective ( Alan Arkin ) and hope that not only he is cleared of the crime , but that no one discovers his deception and that his new girlfriend ( Uma Thurman ) does n’t react as most women have since the beginning of time to the genetically insufficient .
Of all the films about such things , Gattaca has the greatest feel of ‘ it could happen ’ and it has garnered a respectable cult following since it ’s release .
Even though it was n’t a smash theatrically , over ten years later there ’s now a television show adaptation in the works .
Some sci - fi seems more prescient than most ; all we can do is hope that Gattaca is n’t one of them .
Palm Beach , FL - Despite the anti-gay rhetoric of Rush Limbaugh , Sir Elton John has reportedly performed to the 400 wedding guests of the conservative radio commentator .
According to People magazine , Limbaugh reportedly hired Elton John for $ 1 million to perform at his lavish Hawaiian - themed Florida ceremony on Saturday .
The 59 - year - old Limbaugh married 33 year - old Kathryn Rogers .
This is the fourth wedding for Limbaugh , who actively speaks out against gay marriage in support of traditional marriage .
The Limbaugh and openly gay Elton John pairing is odd considering the singer 's longtime commitment to gay rights .
Elton John married his partner David Furnish four years ago .
An editorial posted on Queerty.com says Elton John should be shamed for taking the cash .
" There are reasonable things the LGBT community can do to disavow support for people who make a career out of gay baiting , and there are unreasonable things , " says the editorial .
"
It will be Rush who writes out the check to Elton for the seven - figure sum ; money that , let 's all face , Elton does n't really need .
And even if his intention was to donate the cash to a LGBT youth group , it 's already bloody money , and tainted .
" There has been no comment from Elton John about accepting Limbaugh 's invitation nor his intentions for the money .
Some of the most famous guests were Karl Rove , Fred Thompson , Sean Hannity , Rudolph Guiliana , James Carville , and Mary Matalin .
During the Bush administration , if you were watching MSNBC or CNN , you were bombarded with stories about an irresponsible president who spent most of his time golfing .
In reality , our previous commander in chief suspended his golf outings in 2003 , claiming that golf during wartime was unseemly .
Recently , CBS radio made waves by reporting that the sitting president has hit the links 32 times during his first year in office , while George Bush managed just 24 rounds in his entire eight - year tenure .
“ I do n’t want some mom whose son may have recently died to see the commander in chief playing golf , ” Bush once told Politico.com , “ I feel I owe it to the families to be as — to be in solidarity as best as I can with them .
And I think playing golf during a war just sends the wrong signal . ”
Fortunately , Barack Obama has no such qualms about the hurt feelings of grieving mothers .
While many on the right are calling Obama ’s near - weekly golf outings gratuitous , in reality it ’s the most tangible thing he ’s done to stimulate our nation ’s battered economy .
In his never - ending struggle to increase the impossible - to - prove number of jobs he ’s “ created or saved , ” golf may be the president ’s greatest ally .
According to the Golf Channel , the average municipal golf course employs thirteen full time employees and generates almost a million dollars annually .
Private courses like the Mink Meadows Golf Club , where Obama played during his Martha ’s Vineyard vacation , often boast a larger staff and greater revenues .
Greens fees at public courses run about $ 36 per person , cart included , while private rates generally start around a hundred .
Since no one likes to golf alone , we can reasonable multiply these fees fourfold .
Speaking of carts , a good two - seater can run anywhere from $ 5,000 to $ 8,000 .
A foursome would require two such carts , and the companies that manufacture them employ hundreds , if not thousands of people .
Equipment for the greatest game can be astronomically expensive .
However , since the president would n’t want to look like he ’s in the midst of some golf - addicted spend - a - thon , it ’s best to err on the side of caution when putting a price tag on his clubs .
If Obama is being financially conscientious , his putter , drivers , and irons ( he ’s been photographed with a set of Titleist DCIs ) probably cost somewhere in the neighborhood of seven or eight hundred dollars .
This figure does not include the bag , balls , glove , club covers , and clothing that complete the presidential golfing ensemble .
These items are likely produced by separate companies , in separate factories , each of which would easily employ hundreds of people .
Since courses require that each golfer have his own clubs , each member of Obama ’s party would need a complete set .
Of course , a love of the game is worthless if you ca n’t get to the course .
Obama has played in some spectacular locations , from the aforementioned Martha ’s Vineyard to the gorgeous Kaneohe Klipper course in Hawaii .
Many of these outings have required the use of Air Force One and all of them necessitate some form of presidential motorcade .
The cost of the vehicles and fuel is nigh on incalculable , while employees of the companies involved in their construction , maintenance , and operation number in the hundreds of thousands .
When defending his billion - dollar economic stimulus program , President Obama always begins with the notion that any job touched by federal funds , no matter how tangentially , was “ created or saved . ”
If we apply that same precept to his golf game , the benefits of his favorite pastime become clear .
Obama ’s “ laser - like focus ” on the livelihoods of America ’s greens keepers has “ created or saved ” hundreds of thousands of jobs , throughout multiple industries , while pumping millions of dollars into our economy .
If this all sounds ridiculous , remember , the administration claims that it has “ created or saved ” over a million U.S. jobs during Obama ’s freshman year – all while jobless rates continue to climb .
Their math is just a fuzzy , their assertion just as impossible to prove or disprove , yet Americans are supposed to accept their numbers as the almighty truth .
Hindsight is 20 / 20 , but as we ’ve come to find out , George Bush ’s decision to quit the game was perhaps the most fiscally irresponsible of his entire Presidency .
The problem with the previous administration was n’t that the Commander in Chief spent too much time on the links ; it was that he played too little .
Had Bush followed Obama ’s path and wisely disregarded the anguish of distraught parents – he would almost certainly have golfed more .
One can only assume that , using Obama ’s math , doing so would have “ created or saved ” enough jobs to avoid the current economic crisis .
Lesson learned .
Golf on , Mr. Obama .
A grateful nation offers its gratitude .
Robert Laurie writes a daily political commentary blog , The Robalution .
Robert holds a degree in English from Wayne State University , and has worked in advertising as a graphic designer and copy writer .
There are no lines connecting the smaller dots , but there sure seems to be , like a wave , or a mirage .
I love it .
The animation is straight forward and the chart is just an XY ( Scatter ) type .
Great job again , Hui , and thanks for contributing to the community .
Here 's the chart .
If you liked this article , please share it !
This week I 'm happy to showcase another fine Excel Optical Illusion put together by Hui .
It 's called Counter - Intuitive Illusory Contours .
Kanye
West is among a group of artists who are refusing to play gigs in Arizona , protesting against recent changes to immigration law in the US state .
A group called The Sound Strike led by Los Angeles rockers Rage Against The Machine and featuring Cypress Hill , Massive Attack and System Of A Down 's Serj Tankian , are boycotting performing shows until law SB 1070 is amended .
In April , Arizona passed a law requiring police to check the immigration status of people suspected of being in the US illegally .
In a statement , Rage Against The Machine 's lead singer Zach de la Rocha said : " Some of us grew up dealing with racial profiling , but this law takes it to a whole new low . "
State boycott
Writing on the group 's website de la Rocha described the situation as " critical " and concluded that , " We are not going to play in Arizona .
We are going to boycott Arizona .
" If other states follow the direction of the Arizona government , we could be headed towards a pre-civil rights era reality . "
Supporters of the bill say the legislation will protect lawful residents .
As recently as last week , a group of US police chiefs held a meeting with US Attorney General Eric Holder warning that Arizona 's the law could increase crime when it 's introduced at the end of July .
US President Barack Obama has been critical of the Arizona law and has asked Attorney General Holder to look into the possibility of filing a court challenge against it .
Musician 's protest
Artists have famously used their music to stage political protests in the past .
U2's Bono used the band 's most recent tour to highlight his support for Burmese political prisoner Aung San Suu Kyi .
In 2006 , Morrissey boycotted playing gigs in Canada in protest against the country 's annual seal hunt .
Rage themselves have been outspoken many times , including opposing the war on Iraq and , more recently , the closure of an urban farm in Los Angeles .
Rage Against
The Machine are due to play in the UK this weekend ( 6 June ) , a free gig they 're hosting at London 's Finsbury Park to thank fans for getting them to the 2009 UK Christmas number one spot .
Buckle up , Boston and L.A .
This epic series between old rivals is going to Game 7 .
Bryant scored 26 points , Pau Gasol added 17 points and 13 rebounds , and the Lakers emphatically earned a grand finale with a 89 - 67 victory over the Celtics on Tuesday night .
Ron Artest added 15 points for the Lakers , who got their backs off the wall with a dazzling first half .
Although the offense was sharp , the Lakers mostly did it with defense , limiting Boston to the second lowest - scoring performance in NBA Finals history .
Only Utah 's infamous 54 - point performance against Chicago in 1998 was worse .
" I was very happy , " Bryant said after the defending champions stretched the Finals to the limit for the first time since 2005 .
" We did a great job defensively .
We kept them out of the middle , kept them out of the paint , did a good job on the boards .
It was a solid effort by us . "
A champion will be crowned Thursday night at Staples Center .
Bryant grabbed 11 rebounds , and Gasol led the Lakers with nine assists in a remarkable bounce - back game for Los Angeles , which dominated from the opening minutes by vacuuming up rebounds -- 13 more than Boston -- and playing relentless defense that limited the Celtics to 33 percent shooting .
Two years after the Celtics ended the Finals with a 39 - point blowout of the Lakers in Game 6 , Los Angeles turned this Game 6 into a long nightmare for Boston .
" Our defense was good , our rebounding was better , " Lakers coach Phil Jackson said .
" It 's really a high - tension situation , " added Jackson , a 10 - time champion who has never coached a Game 7 in the Finals .
" Players have come down to putting a lot on the line at this particular point .
It 's not about the coaching at that point .
They 've already got it in them .
It 's about who comes out and provides the energy on the floor . "
Ray Allen scored 19 points for the Celtics , who took an ugly pratfall on the verge of winning their unprecedented 18th title .
It turns out their longtime rivals are still quite serious about earning their 16th championship .
" We did n't get in any rhythm early , and it affects our chemistry , " said Allen , whose two 3 - pointers were his first since hitting a Finals - record eight in Game 2 .
" We each tried to make the home run play early .
As a starting unit , we take responsibility .
We have to do a better job next game . "
These rivals have played a Game 7 four times in their 11 previous Finals meetings , with Boston winning all four .
But it has n't happened since 1984 -- and it has n't happened to Bryant , who looks determined to stake his claim among the NBA 's greats in pursuit of his fifth championship .
" We 're used to being in must - win situations , " Bryant said .
" The way we look at it , [ Game 7 ] is just a game we 've got to win .
... I do n't mean to be a buzzkill .
I know what 's at stake , but I 'm not tripping . "
We were trying to imagine what it looks like backstage when there is a Technology Problem - capital T , capital P - during an iPhone announcement .
We do n’t think it matters who you are , or if you are responsible for the problem , if you just now got there , or even if you work for Apple .
It is core to our assertion that in the unassuming frame of Steve Jobs there roils a dark power , and that there are moments when this malevolent force must find release .
More than one time in the past week , and this was a surprise to me , but more than one time I have been standing at the kitchen counter using
a Nook ,
a Laptop ,
an iPad ,
and an iPhone
all at the same time .
The first time I became aware of it , I said to myself , “ This is ri-Goddamned - diculous .
What sequence of events lead to my place of submission before this electronic Hydra ? ! ”
It ’s happened three more times since then , and the sequence of events is n’t that strange - I ’m simply using each device for what it ’s best at , in parallel .
They are my harem , in essence : I like each of them for a different reason .
If I had to boil it down , though , I could - and easily .
I can accomplish virtually any electronic task that needs accomplishing with the iPhone , and do it anywhere , a statement of unassailable fact that the new iPhone imbues with even greater truth .
There might come a day where I do n’t feel like a twat using an iPad in a public place , but that day is n’t here yet .
It ’s a little too ostentatious , like toting around a scepter .
I do n’t like it .
The only thing it can do that my iPhone can’t is be more expensive .
Gabriel has an iPhone 3Gs , a phone with more internal beef than my own 3G , which will grant it at least partial access to the features that come along with the fourth version of the iPhone OS .
He does n’t feel like a new iPhone is something he needs .
I need only the barest excuse to purchase the new iPhone , or any new phone really , but why not , because the one I have now occasionally pierces the person I ’m speaking to with bursts of horrifying sound .
Described alternately as “ the sound of hating ” or the “ mindless bellow of a Hunger Star , ” it is not a sound people are eager to hear .
( CW ) TB out .
in the gut of her tarasque
So by now , I 'm sure we 're all sufficiently sickened by the photos coming out of the Gulf .
We 've seen the photos of the oil - soaked pelicans ...
We 've seen the devastation of the marshes and wetlands ...
We 've seen the black crude lapping at the shores of white sand beaches .
But have you seen a decent aerial photo of the entire spill ?
Something that would even hint at the magnitude of this disaster ?
I had n't ...
So when I started searching for a complete view of the entire spill , I was left wanting .
I wanted to see the whole thing .
Where were the pictures to put this mess in context ?
After screening the major media outlets , I decided to expand my search .
I went to the EPA 's site , where I was greeted with a disappointing slide show of workers kneeling down on the beach , looking puzzled — nothing I had n't seen already .
Then I visited the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's ( NOAA ) website , where I uncovered a decent series of photos that began to tell the tale .
Here 's an aerial view of a gigantic oil band :
And after spending some time digging through NOAA 's website , I took a YouTube detour and eventually uncovered a grainy video from a Coast Guard flyover , apparently shot with a cell phone camera :
But neither the photos or the video offered a comprehensive view .
What 's more , most of the ones I was able to find were a month old .
A lot has changed since then .
Same story with most of the European Space Agency ( ESA ) images I found .
Have a look at the oily - rainbow sheen of the spill snaking through the gulf :
Still unsatisfied , I finally headed to NASA 's website , hoping for some satellite shots that would reveal the magnitude of this environmental travesty .
They delivered .
Here 's the view from NASA 's Terra spacecraft showing two views of the oil moving into the coastal region , titled Leaking Oil Invades Louisiana Wildlife Habitats :
And yesterday afternoon — while I was working on this article — NASA released an updated shot of the Gulf from its Aqua Satellite .
According to NASA :
The oil slick in the Gulf of Mexico is positioned in sunglint .
In the sunglint region — where the mirror - like reflection of the Sun gets blurred into a wide , bright silvery - gray strip — differences in the texture of the water surface may be enhanced .
In the thickest part of the slick , oil smooths the water , making it a better " mirror . "
Areas where thick oil cover the water are nearly white in this image .
Additional oil may also be present .
Keep an eye on Green Chip Living for all the latest developments and photos of the BP / Deepwater Horizon oil spill .
Tragic events like these only strengthen our resolve for renewable energy and sustainable living .
Be Well ,
Jimmy
Image caption Kudzu quickly smothers surrounding plants , causing them to die
A fast growing invasive plant spreading through south - eastern US has the potential to increase low - level ozone pollution levels , a study has warned .
Researchers found that nitric oxide ( NO ) emissions , a component in the formation of ozone , doubled in soils where the invasive kudzu was present .
The deep - rooted vine , native to Asia , was introduced in the early 20th Century to help control soil erosion .
The findings appear in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The team of US - based researchers says it is the first study to quantify a link between an invasive plant and a reduction in air quality .
Image caption
The vines grow very rapidly - up to 26 cm in 24 hours
" The observed doubling of NO emissions under kudzu ( Pueraria montana ) in Georgia suggests that kudzu invasion could increase regional ozone concentrations as the plant continues to spread through its current range , " they wrote .
Co-author Jonathan Hickman , a research fellow from The Earth Institute at Columbia University , New York , explained that the alien species potential to increase ozone levels stemmed from the fact that it was a " nitrogen - fixing " plant .
" It is able to take atmospheric nitrogen and convert it - with the help of bacteria that live inside the plants roots in a symbiotic relationship - into a form that the plant can use for its own nutritional purposes , " he explained .
" Essentially , it is a new source of nitrogen entering the ecosystem because atmospheric nitrogen is otherwise unavailable for plants to use . "
However , when the plant 's leaves die , fall off and decompose , all the nitrogen locked within them is released into the soil .
" When the leaves ' tissues break down , the nitrogen is changed from one form to another by bacteria in the soil , and there are two key transformations - we call this the soil nitrogen cycle , " he told BBC News .
" There are a couple of components in the soil nitrogen cycle where nitric oxide is emitted as a by - product . "
It is an area where the impact of invasive species have not been considered much Dr Jonathan Hickman , , The Earth Institute , Columbia University
The team said kudzu covered about three million hectares , and was expanding its reach by about 50,000 hectares each year .
" Kudzu coverage in the southeastern US exceeds that of cultivated soybean , making it the dominant nitrogen - fixing plant in the region .
Using data collected from soil samples , the research team ran an extreme scenario - where kudzu covered all non-urban and non-agricultural soils in the species ' range by 2050 - through a " chemical transport " model .
The findings suggested that the plants '
NOx emissions could result in a 35 % increase in the number of days when ozone levels exceeded the upper threshold set by the US Environment Protection Agency .
However , Dr Hickman was keen to express that the scenario was created to illustrate the plants ' ability to contribute to the formation of ozone , rather than being based on projections of what was expected to happen in the future .
He acknowledged that any soil used to grow nitrogen - fixing plants or were fertilised for agricultural reasons would result in an increase in gases involved in the formation of ozone .
" But in those cases , we are doing these things for necessary reasons - namely food production , " he observed .
" In the case of Kudzu , it is an undersirable plant that is spreading over a large area in the south - east US . "
Aggressive alien
While the ozone layer in the upper atmosphere plays an important role in limiting harmful ultraviolet light reaching the Earth 's surface , low - level ozone is a pollutant that is harmful , causing respiratory problems in animals as well as well - documented cases in humans .
Writing in the journal Nature in 2007 , researchers found that concentrations of the greenhouse gas near the ground also damaged plants sensitive to the gas , reducing their effectiveness to absorb carbon dioxide .
Ozone enters the plants through pores in the leaves .
It interferes with the reactions involved in photosynthesis , which is the process in which the plants produce the sugars to fuel their growth , leaving the plants weakened .
Kudzu , a member of the pea family , is native to south - eastern Asia .
Its network of deep roots , which make up more than half of the plant 's biomass , makes it difficult to control with herbicides .
The semi-woody stems can extend to 30 m in length .
According to the IUCN's Invasive Species Specialist Group , the plant has recently become " established and invasive in Europe " , affecting parts of Italy and Switzerland .
Although its natural habitat is broadleafed or mixed forests , it can spread quickly through managed landscapes such as pastures , rail embankments and river banks .
It it able to grow rapidly - up to 26cm a day - because it concentrates on extending its growth shoots rather than expending energy on developing support structures .
It uses the existing habitat instead .
" Few plants can survive once smothered by kudzu and small ecosystems could be radically altered , " a 2007 report by the European Plant Protection Organization concluded .
" The plant quickly develops , rapidly covering the soil , affecting indigenous plants and completely modifying the structure of the ecosystem . "
Dr Hickman hoped the findings would raise awareness of a novel impact of invasive species .
" It is an area where the impact of invasive species have not been considered much , " he said .
" Simply taking this first step gets people to think about the impacts of these species on the atmosphere . "
Alexandria 's beautiful Corniche by the Mediterranean is one of the most romantic places for a young couple in love to take a stroll .
However , there is a sinister side to this picturesque scene that few talk about .
At any given time , the coast is crawling with the policemen and plainclothes thugs of the morality police , searching for ( unmarried ) couples cuddling in a secluded area to terrify and blackmail .
Their dirty tactics are well known , yet few see anything wrong with them .
No one sees this as a violation of these couples ' individual liberties , since they deserve what happens to them , and more , for behaving in such an immoral fashion .
Even more distressing is that the couples themselves believe they are doing something wrong and accept being judged by society as a natural consequence .
They do n't feel that their personal freedom has been trampled upon by the police .
It would be more accurate to say that the concept of personal freedom is unknown to them .
Sadly , much of Egyptian society operates this way .
The entire concept of having the " personal freedom " to do what you wish , provided you do n't harm others , is nonexistent .
Even those who claim to be proponents of individual liberty misunderstand the concept .
It 's about time that a debate on individual liberties started , for we live in a society where social repression and hypocrisy have risen to sickening levels .
It has never occurred to many people in Egypt that they should actually have the right to live and do as they please .
For too long now , people have been living by the dictates set by society , rather than their own free will .
The question " what will people and society say about me ? " has become practically sacred .
It has become completely normal for total strangers to tell you what to do .
On several occasions , I 've been told by friends and strangers that I should n't wear shorts or listen to western music , or that it 's not right to stand with a girl , especially when alone .
Opponents of the concept of individual liberty usually put up the following two arguments to explain how wrong it is .
They first explain that individuals must be forcibly restrained from doing certain things for their own good ; otherwise we would become a chaotic society where debauchery , illicit relationships and alcohol were commonplace .
The result would be anarchy .
The second argument is this : " If personal freedom had no limits , people would be free to kill and steal . "
Obviously , such logic should not even be used in an intelligent conversation .
We all agree that certain rules and laws are needed to protect us from crime , and the fact that such an argument is used shows how misunderstood the concept is .
There is a prevailing belief that the individual factor must be totally cancelled in favour of society 's common good .
We are expected to be faceless members of a monolithic block that thinks and acts in only one way .
Thinking outside the box is strictly forbidden .
A notable example is Kareem Amer , a former student at al - Azhar University in Cairo who declared his atheism and criticised Islam on his blog , and is serving a four - year jail sentence as punishment .
His actions were harmless , but he received nothing but condemnation from society .
Even his parents publicly disowned him .
A friend of mine , upon hearing about Kareem 's case , said : " He totally deserves it .
If he wants to be an unbeliever , fine , but he should keep it to himself . "
Anyone with divergent opinions should keep them to himself , lest he hurt the common good .
The most detrimental consequence of this suppression of freedom of thought is an inevitable loss of creativity and diversity .
If all people are expected to follow the same actions and thoughts and condemnation awaits any deviant , there 's no point in saying or doing something different .
In fact , the prevailing notion is that everyone should restrict their individual liberties to avoid harming others , even in strictly personal decisions such as what to wear .
A woman is not free to wear immodest clothing , lest she aggravate the frustrations of unmarried men .
If someone happens to drink alcohol , he should n't even tell others about it , or they will be encouraged to copy him .
The result is a rampant culture of hypocrisy and double standards , as everyone adopts the same public position while allow themselves to do the opposite when nobody is looking .
Interestingly , Egyptians are quick to flash the " personal freedom " card when it comes to the right of women in France and Belgium to wear the niqab .
The west is accused of having two sets of rules , as they allow scantily clad women to roam freely while targeting those who want to guard their modesty .
But when it comes to the right of women to take off their hijab or young people to love each other as they please , it 's no longer personal freedom , but a violation of our customs and traditions .
Those who claim that personal freedom exists actually mean that it only exists within the limits set by society .
Why do Egyptians forcibly restrain themselves and their fellow citizens from exercising their personal freedoms , in the process forcing everyone to become a hypocrite , including themselves ?
Is it the Islamic concept of " promotion of virtue and prevention of vice " that convinces people that they are everyone else 's guardian and have the right to tell people how to live ?
If so , that is only part of the explanation , since even the most irreligious Egyptian Muslims and Christians rarely cross society 's boundaries in public .
Is it the pervasive honour / shame culture that grips the Arab world ?
Or simply a psychological defence mechanism directed at those who have the courage to swim against the tide ?
There is probably no simple explanation .
Whatever the reason , Egyptians need to realise that there 's a better way to live their lives than following others ' dictates .
Chavez is a hero in the Middle East .
Ministry of People 's Power for Foreign Affairs , Caracas
May 31 , 2010 -- The President of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela , Commander Hugo Chávez , emphatically condemns the brutal massacre perpetrated by the State of Israel against the members of the Liberty Flotilla , as a result of the war action started by the Israeli Army against defenceless civilians , who tried to carry humanitarian aid supplies to the Palestinian people of the Gaza Strip , who are victims of the criminal blockade imposed by the State of Israel .
President Hugo Chávez , on behalf of his government and the Venezuelan people , expresses his deepest regret and sends his deepest condolences to the families and relatives of the heroes who have been victims of this state crime , and commit to honour their memory and to give the necessary help so that the responsible of this murderers are severely punished .
The revolutionary government of Venezuela will continue denouncing the terrorist and criminal nature of Israel , and it reaffirms , today more than ever , its unbreakable commitment with the fight of the Palestinian people for freedom , the sovereignty and the dignity .
Venezuela will support UN Human Rights Council investigation on Israeli attack against humanitarian boat convoy
Office of the Ministry of People 's Power for Foreign Affairs , Caracas
June 2 , 2010 --
The government of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela will support the investigation that the UN Human Rights Council will conduct on the Israeli army 's attack against the humanitarian boat convoy , which tried to transport humanitarian aid to the Gaza Strip .
This announcement was made by the Minister of People 's Power for Foreign Affairs Nicolas Maduro , who is in Punta Cana , Dominican Republic , attending the World Summit on the Future of Haiti .
The Venezuelan official highlighted : " we ratified the strongest condemnation , and we also support the decision of the UN Human rights Council to start an investigation .
We are going to support this investigation . "
The UN Human Rights Council adopted a resolution , which the United States refused to endorse , to condemn the attack of Israeli assault forces on a humanitarian aid flotilla bound for Gaza .
Most of the members of the UN Human Rights Council , whose sessions take place in Geneva , condemned and regretted this event , which resulted in the killing of nine people , most of them Turkish nationals .
These measure includes the dispatch of an independent fact finding mission to investigate violations of international law resulting from the Israeli attack .
In this regard , Maduro indicated that this investigation " must aim to punish this state - terrorist crime against a group of civilians transporting humanitarian aid to the Palestinian people of the Gaza Strip . "
On Tuesday , June 1 , the UN Security Council held an urgent debate but it did not issue a condemnation against Israel for the attack .
It only regretted the killing of people during the Israeli assault against the humanitarian convoy , but it did not announce measures to prevent these events from happening in the future .
Cuba : Statement from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Havana , May 31 , 2010 --
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Cuba has learned with profound concern of the criminal attack perpetrated in the early hours of May 31 by the special forces of the Israeli Army on a flotilla of boats which , in international waters , was transporting humanitarian aid to the Palestinian people resident in the Gaza Strip , an attack that provoked death and injury among various members of that flotilla .
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs expresses its most energetic condemnation of this devious and criminal attack on the part of the Israeli government and calls on the international community and peace - loving peoples to demand the immediate lifting by the Israeli authorities of the illegal , ruthless and genocidal blockade of the Palestinian people in the Gaza Strip .
Cuba wishes to convey its most heartfelt condolences to the families of the victims and reiterates its support for and solidarity with the just cause of the Palestinian people and their inalienable rights , which include the creation of an independent Palestinian state with East Jerusalem as its capital .
Who Would Maintain Roads Worse Than the State ?
The question of transportation infrastructure is often posed to those who reveal themselves to be anarchists .
“ Without government , how would roads be built ? ”
One can give plenty of reasons and examples concerning why coercion is not needed to construct something in such high demand .
But let ’s start with “ Without government , how could roads be worse ? ”
Roads are currently built according to political demand in an economy dominated by the state , which exists to secure power and ultimately answers to the powerful .
The US Interstate and Trans - Canada highway systems , which owe their existence to government intervention , appear to be a comparatively efficient and safe way to travel .
But what is not seen are transportation methods that could have developed in a society free of state controls .
For example , high - speed roads might have been built over existing throughways .
Some might be exclusive to smaller passenger vehicles and some might expand vertically to accommodate more traffic without stealing from people who live beside them .
Connected networks of local rail systems might be prominent , or more people could travel by personal aircraft ( which could of course be shared ) .
Considering the numerous ways that certain modes of transportation are subsidized by state force shows the difficulty of calculating what method would be most efficient in a free society .
Governments use the power of eminent domain to take land for roads and for the massive commercial and residential developments they are built to serve .
Large commercial airplanes are likely more economically viable because their production lines depend on military contracts .
In the past , large rail companies were subsidized .
And governments have always controlled the use of land on behalf of the politically powerful .
Interstate highways might reduce trip time when compared to other options in the state - controlled transportation infrastructure , but they are an integral part of a state - dominated economy that makes it necessary to drive farther , drive more often , and drive at certain times .
If authoritarian obstructions were done away with , it is likely that people could work for less time , and at hours more of their choosing .
And it would be easier to support oneself from home or neighborhood economic activity .
A free economy would increase available options and the opportunity to create new arrangements .
As for local roads in suburbia , some may have originally been built as mixed - use roadways back before the internal combustion engine caught on , but they now often function to limit the types of travel that can be practiced .
When government roads make motor vehicles the only safe way to travel between home and work or the store , then government roads work together with zoning laws to enforce the use of motor vehicles .
And those who are not able to afford cars or are not permitted by the state to operate cars have their choices further limited .
So government action converts roads from tools of personal mobility into means of controlling the movement and settlement of people .
Roads were often constructed in American frontier towns before the arrival of formal government .
Recognizing that having an accessible throughway would be in their interests , local residents constructed and maintained roads and benefitted from the labor they put into them .
More recently , residents of the Hawaiian island of Kauai bypassed the state bureaucracy to repair a road vital to the local economy , using much less time and money than the state said would be needed .
But the issue of transportation should be considered in terms of all transit options .
New York ’s Metropolitan Transportation Authority , which constantly fails to support itself financially , recently announced more service cuts after increasing fares last year .
Amtrak is expensive and frequently delayed .
New Jersey Transit train lines have experienced service cuts and fare increases .
This will cause more congestion on trains as well as on the roads as the costs of using trains outweigh the benefits for many potential customers .
Clearly government is not very good at managing something that is in high demand — convenient mobility .
Maybe railway workers know more about managing trains than politicians do .
In a stateless society , transportation infrastructure would be built and operated on a consensual basis according to the demand of users .
Any form of transportation that could be operated without coercion would be free to develop , and human creativity and cooperation would no longer be restrained by political domination .
Without state control and state privilege , roads would be better .
Citations to this article :
Ugg !
The items of clothing that women think are fashionable but men hate
Trying to impress a man ?
Then do n't wear any of the achingly trendy items listed below .
All are beloved of celebrities and other women - but chaps just can't stand them , a survey for the website MSN has found .
The men who voted listed nine of the season 's most popular garments or accessories as total turn - offs , along with all that lovely fringing on handbags and shoes .
Here LIZ JONES examines the fashions that do n't pass muster with our menfolk .
HAREM PANTS
These were first seen on the catwalk at Yves Saint Laurent three years ago , and have been churned out by every high street label since .
Men hate them because women look as if they have just filled their nappy , and you can't see our legs or our buttocks , just folds of fabric .
They scream fashion victim , rather than sex kitten .
Offending item : Cheryl Cole , left , and Gwen Stefani are fans of harem pants , but this season 's trendy trousers are a real turn - off for men
JUMPSUITS
Now that the jumpsuit playsuit or romper has become ubiquitous , women spend even longer in the bathroom wrestling with these wretched garments .
They make us look shapeless and worryingly Andy Pandy - like .
As one man said : ' They 're the ultimate in women - dressing - forother - women .
Confusing and overly clever .
At best you look like a toddler , at worst like my mum in the Seventies . '
Andy Pandy ?
Jumpsuits make women like Kim Kardashian , left , Kate Moss and Kerry Katona look shapeless
UGG BOOTS
This awful Antipodean foot wear has seeped into every social occasion .
No matter how hot the summer party or muddy the festival field , young women have their feet swathed in sweaty sheepskin .
There is no sexy sound of a clicking heel , just the pad , pad , pad of a camel .
' There is no toe cleavage , no ankle , ' a young man told me sadly .
' They smell pretty bad , too . '
Ugg-ly : Stella McCartney , left , Amanda Holden and Lily Allen , forgo the sexy sound of a clicking heel
HEADBANDS
As a man rightly opined , ' Why would anyone want to look like Bjorn Borg ? '
Men hate anything in our hair : scrunchies , slides , fascinators , hairspray .
They like to be able to run their fingers through squeaky clean locks without impedimen .
GLADIATOR SANDALS
Men simply detest these - they take ages to put on and take off , and they leave horrible red welts .
With so many straps creeping up our legs , they make us appear short , too .
Gladiator , ready : Gwyneth Paltrow , left , Kylie Minogue , and Sarah Jessica Parker rock the strappy sandal look
LEGGINGS
The problem with leggings , one man emailed me , is that there is no mystery .
Every contour is revealed .
Ag the builder ?
Agyness Deyen is a fan of dungarees
Another big moan from men is that too many women wear them no matter their shape , which means too many sausage legs .
' Even Cheryl Cole should n't wear leggings , ' one man told me .
' They are too council estate , too comfy .
Once a woman gets used to wearing an elasticated waist , there 's no going back . '
TUXEDOS
We women think we look great in a tux , but the scene in the new SATC movie , when Carrie wears one for a wedding , shows us that very often we do not : she wanted to look like Bianca Jagger , but ended up like Mick : desiccated and ridiculous .
Men are simple creatures : they like to see our legs , arms and maybe a bit of decolletage .
What they do n't want is braces and shirt studs .
DUNGAREES
Who wants a woman who resembles a builder ?
Or who hides her breasts and her waist behind a heavy sail - cloth of hard , nasty denim ?
OVERSIZED SUNGLASSES
' If I see a woman in these , I know she 's hiding something , ' my postman told me .
' A drink problem , a lie ...'
Another man said : ' A woman 's best assets are her eyes .
Why hide them ?'
It 's not just the darkness of these overpriced bug shades that worries men , it 's the sheer size .
' You can never kiss a woman wearing a pair , ' said another .
Bug eyes : Victoria Beckham .
Fergie and Lindsay Lohan wear oversized sunglasses
As both Rachel Maddow and Steve Benen have pointed out , all Republicans are Jim Bunning , now .
Remember how crazy he was back in March ?
How the rest of the Republicans in the Senate sort of looked the other way in embarrassment .
The right - wing Kentuckian soon became the subject of widespread ridicule , and a symbol of all that is wrong with the modern - day Senate .
It did n't help when Bunning flipped off a journalist who dared to ask the senator to explain his position , nor when Bunning told one of his colleagues , imploring him to be reasonable , " Tough sh*t . "
After about a week , Bunning ended his little tantrum , the bill advanced , benefits to the jobless were extended , and thousands of furloughed workers Bunning had sent home without pay were able to get back to work .
But let 's pause to appreciate what 's become evident since -- Bunning 's absurd behavior has spread like a cancer , to the point that every single member of the Senate Republican conference , and one confused conservative Democrat , is taking the exact same position he took in late February and early March .
We 've gone from one erratic senator flipping off a reporter to an entire party caucus flipping off millions of Americans .
We 've gone from a seemingly unstable lawmaker telling a colleague , " Tough sh*t " to the entire Republican conference telling the whole country , " Tough sh*t . "
Authorities in a southern Mexican state popular with tourists reported Monday that 55 bodies -- more than double the number initially thought -- had been recovered from an abandoned silver mine apparently used by drug gangs as a mass grave .
Evidence of the bodies , apparently the victims of drug gang violence , was discovered last week and officials said at the time that there appeared to be up to 25 bodies in the mine .
However , during the week , additional bodies were found and over the weekend , 55 had been recovered , said Albertico Guinto Sierra , the attorney general for Guerrero state .
The body count was announced Monday in a statement on the state government ’s Web site .
Three of the bodies were mummified and two had been reduced to skeletons , the statement said , making it unclear how long the mine , called San Francisco Cuadra , had been used as a mass grave .
The federal police said last week that a suspect in a case involving organized crime had told the authorities about the mass grave .
At least 15 people have been detained in the case , The Associated Press reported Monday .
Guerrero is plagued by drug violence among rival gangs , and marked by brazen attacks on the police and soldiers engaged in a crackdown on traffickers .
With friends like these ...
U.S. Senate candidate Carly Fiorina got caught inadvertently jabbering into an open mike on CNN just before capturing the GOP nomination .
She seems none too impressed with the campaign wisdom of fellow Republican Meg Whitman , the party 's gubernatorial candidate .
Fiorina also has some explaining to do to Fox News talk show host Sean Hannity .
And she thinks Barbara Boxer has bad hair .
-- Evan Halper in Sacramento
Building The New Permanent Underclass Talking Point By Talking Point
Welfare and unemployment beneficiaries would have to pass a drug test to qualify for programs under an amendment offered Tuesday by Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R - Utah ) .
Hatch introduced an amendment to the tax extenders bill that would require those who are applying for some of the benefits in that bill , including unemployment and welfare benefits , to pass a drug test in exchange for the benefits .
" Drugs are a scourge on our society — hurting children , families and communities alike , " Hatch said in a statement .
" This amendment is a way to help people get off of drugs to become productive and healthy members of society , while ensuring that valuable taxpayer dollars are n’t wasted . ”
After making the mashed potato spring rolls , I had a bit of leftover mashed potatoes so I decided to improvise and create a Vietnamese - flavoured croquette .
I ’m in love with what I like to think of as Vietnamese meat loaf : ground pork studded with wood ear mushrooms and shallots , flavoured with fish sauce , sugar , soy , white pepper and five spice .
I could eat this meat in anything : Vietnamese - inspired lasagne , Vietnamese - inspired shepherd ’s pie , Vietnamese - inspired sausage rolls , Vietnamese - inspired ravioli , and the list keeps going on .
I love the juicy savouriness of the ground pork , the subtle crunch of the wood ear mushrooms , the sweetness of the shallots and the tang of the fish sauce .
The flavours tasted great with the mashed potatoes and if you ’re not inclined to deep - fry , you can just eat the potatoes with the meat mixed in .
Mike and I ate almost half of the potatoes straight out of the bowl .
Pork and Potato Croquette Recipe
2 cups mashed potatoes
5 ounces ground pork
1/2 shallot diced
2 tablespoons wood ear mushrooms , re-hydrated and sliced
2 teaspoons sugar
2 teaspoons fish sauce
2 teaspoons soy
1/4 teaspoon white pepper
dash of five spice
salt and pepper to taste
2 tablespoons flour
1 egg , lightly beaten
1 cup panko crumbs
oil for frying
Mix the ground pork with the shallots , wood ear mushrooms , sugar , fish sauce , soy , white pepper and five spice .
Heat a splash of oil in a medium sauce pan over medium high - heat and pan fry the pork until cooked and crumbly .
Cool .
Mix the ground pork into the mashed potatoes and taste .
Season accordingly with salt and pepper .
Using your hands , or a small ice cream scoop , shape the mashed potato mixture into balls .
Dip in the flour , then the egg then the panko .
Heat about 2 1/2 inches of oil in a deep sided pot to 350˚F .
Deep - fry the croquette until crisp and golden brown .
Drain on paper towels , serve with sriracha , mint and Thai basil leaves .
Enjoy !
Tags : croquettes , fish sauce , panko , potato , wood ear mushrooms
Google maps is a free web mapping service application provided by Google .
It offers lots of cool features ( showing various map types , plotting points , showing routes , geocoding addresses ) .
You can also add all these features to your website using the Google Maps APIs provided by Google .
In this tutorial I will show you how to add some of these features to your site .
I will be using the Google Maps Javascript API v3 ( the newest version ) .
Your Designer Toolbox
Unlimited Downloads : 500,000 + Web Templates , Icon Sets , Themes & Design Assets
DOWNLOAD NOW
Table of Contents :
We Are Going to Build a Distance Finder With Google API
We ’ll make a distance finder .
We ’ll add a Google map to our site , plot two points on it ( the user will be able to choose the addresses for these points ) , compute the distance between them and show the quickest route between them .
Also , you can download the source code using this link .
Prerequisites
The first thing you need to do in order to use the API from Google is requesting an API key .
You can do this here .
It ’s easy and free !
Creating the web form for getting the two addresses
We ’ll create a simple html form for the user to write the two addresses .
We ’ll add two input boxes and a button to the form .
When the user presses the “ Show ” button , the map with the two locations will be shown .
Here ’s the code for this :
< table align=" center " valign = " center " > < tr > < td colspan= " 7 " align= " center " >< b>
Find the distance between two locations </ b></td> </tr> < tr> </tr > < tr > < td > First address : </td> < input name= " < span class= " type = " text " /> address1 " id =" address1 " size =
" 50 " /> < td> Second address :</td> < input name= " < span class= " type = " text " /> address2 " id =" address2 " size =
" 50 " / > </tr> < tr> </tr > < tr> < td colspan= " 7 " align=" center " >< input type=" button " value = " Show " onclick =" initialize ( ) ; " /></td> </tr> </table >
The ‘ initialize ’ JavaScript function will be called when pressing the button .
The function will show the map .
In the next section I ’ll show you how .
We also need to add a div tag to our page , where the map will be shown :
< div id =" map_canvas " style = " width:70 % ; height:54 % " ></div >
We will also need two div tags for showing the distances we will compute :
< div style = " width:100 % ; height :10 % " id =" distance_direct " ></div > < div style = " width:100 % ; height :10 % " id =" distance_road " ></div >
Showing the map
The first thing we need to do is to find the coordinates ( latitude and longitude ) for the two addresses .
Luckily , Google Maps will help us !
Here ’s what we have to do :
We ’ll use the geocoder object for this .
First , we ’ll have to create a new geocoder object .
geocoder = new google.maps .
Geocoder ( ) ;
After this , we ’ll get the two address values from the form .
Like this :
address1 = document.getElementById(" address1 " ).value ; address2 = document.getElementById(" address2 " ) .value ;
Then , we ’ll use the following code to call the geocode method on the geocoder object .
We ’ll pass it the addresses one by one and save the results in the variables called location1 and location2 ( these will hold the coordinates of the two addresses ) .
if ( geocoder ) { geocoder.geocode ( { ' address ' : address1} , function ( results , status ) { if ( status == google.maps.GeocoderStatus.OK ) { //location of first address ( latitude + longitude ) location1 = results [ 0].geometry.location ; } else { alert ( " Geocode was not successful for the following reason : " + status ) ; } } ) ; geocoder.geocode ( { ' address ' : address2} , function ( results , status ) { if ( status == google.maps.GeocoderStatus.OK ) { //location of second address ( latitude + longitude ) location2 = results[ 0].geometry.location ; // calling the showMap ( ) function to create and show the map showMap ( ) ; } else { alert ( " Geocode was not successful for the following reason : " + status ) ; } } ) ; }
You will notice that we ’ve called the showMap ( ) function when the coordinates for the second address are retrieved .
This function will set the options for the map and show it .
We ’ll now compute the coordinates for the center of the map .
The center point will be between our two points .
latlng = new google.maps.LatLng((location1.lat()+location2.lat( ) )/2,( location1.lng()+location2.lng ( ) ) / 2 ) ;
Next , we ’ll show the map .
We have to create a new map object and pass it some parameters ( set using the mapOptions variable ) : the zoom level , the center and the type of the map .
var mapOptions = { zoom : 1 , center : latlng , mapTypeId : google.maps.MapTypeId.HYBRID } ; map = new google.maps.Map(document.getElementById(" map_canvas " ) , mapOptions ) ;
The next thing we ’ll do is to show the quickest route between our locations .
We ’ll use a Directions Service object from google maps for this .
Here ’s how the code looks :
directionsService = new google.maps.DirectionsService( ) ; directions Display = new google.maps.DirectionsRenderer( { suppressMarkers : true , suppressInfoWindows : true } ) ; directionsDisplay.setMap(map ) ; var request = { origin: location1 , destination : location2 , travelMode : google.maps.DirectionsTravelMode.DRIVING } ; directionsService.route ( request , function ( response , status ) { if ( status == google.maps.DirectionsStatus.OK ) { directionsDisplay.setDirections( response ) ; distance =
" The distance between the two points on the chosen route is : " +response.routes[0].legs[0].distance.text ; distance +=
" The aproximative driving time is : " +response.routes[0].legs[0].duration.text ; document.getElementById(" distance_road " ).innerHTML
= distance ; } } ) ;
We ’ve first created the objects we need .
We then set some options for displaying the route , we ’ve chosen not to show markers and info boxes ( we ’ll create our own ones ) ;
suppressMarkers : true , suppressInfoWindows : true
We ’ve created a request object and set the origin and destination for the route and also the travel mode :
var request = { origin: location1 , destination : location2 , travelMode : google.maps.DirectionsTravelMode.DRIVING
} ;
We ’ve then called the route function and obtained a response from the server .
Using this response we ’ve plotted the route on the map and written some info ( the total distance and aproximative driving time ) in one of the divs we ’ve created :
directionsDisplay.setDirections( response ) ; distance =
" The distance between the two points on the chosen route is : " +response.routes[0].legs[0].distance.text ; distance +=
" The aproximative driving time is : " +response.routes[0].legs[0].duration.text ; document.getElementById(" distance_road " ) .innerHTML
= distance ;
We ’ll also show a line between our points and compute the distance between them ( the distance on a straight line , in kilometers ) .
To show a line we ’ll use a Polyline object from google maps and set some options for it ( the map it belongs to , the path , the width , the opacity and the color ) :
var line = new google .
maps .
Polyline ( { map : map , path : [ location1 , location2 ] , strokeWeight : 7 , strokeOpacity : 0.8 , strokeColor : " # FFAA00 " } ) ;
We ’ll now compute the distance between two points using their coordinates and show the result inside the other div tag we ’ve created .
var R = 6371 ; var dLat = toRad( location2.lat() -location1.lat ( ) ) ; var dLon = toRad( location2.lng ()-location1.lng ( ) ) ; var dLat1 = toRad( location1.lat ( ) ) ; var dLat2 = toRad( location2.lat ( ) ) ; var a = Math.sin( dLat/2 ) * Math.sin(dLat/2 ) + Math.cos( dLat1 ) * Math.cos( dLat1 ) * Math.sin(dLon/2 ) * Math.sin( dLon/2 ) ; var c = 2 * Math.atan2( Math.sqrt(a ) , Math.sqrt ( 1-a ) ) ; var d = R * c ; document.getElementById(" distance_direct " ) .innerHTML
= " The distance between the two points ( in a straight line ) is : " +d ;
The last thing we ’ll do is show a marker and an info window for each location .
We ’ll create two marker objects ( the options we ’ll set are : the map it belongs to , the coordinates and a title ) :
var marker1 = new google .
maps .
Marker ( { map : map , position : location1 , title : " First location " } ) ; var marker2 = new google .
maps .
Marker ( { map : map , position : location2 , title : " Second location " } ) ;
Next , we ’ll create variables to hold the texts to print in the info windows , create two info window objects ( we ’ll add the texts to them using the content option ) and we ’ll add two event listeners which will show the appropriate info window when the user clicks on the markers :
// create the text to be shown in the infowindows var text1 = ' < div id =" content " >'+</div > ' < h1 id =" firstHeading " > First location '+ ' < div id =" bodyContent " >'+ ' Coordinates : '+location1 +' '+ ' Address : '+ address1 +' '+ '</div > '+ '</div > ' ; var text2 = ' < div id =" content " >'+</div > ' < h1 id =" firstHeading " > Second location '+ ' < div id =" bodyContent " >'+ ' Coordinates : '+location2 +' '+ ' Address : '+ address2 +' '+ '</div > '+ '</div > '; // create info boxes for the two markers var infowindow1 = new google .
maps .
InfoWindow ( { content : text1 } ) ; var infowindow2 = new google .
maps .
InfoWindow ( { content : text2 } ) ; // add action events so the info windows will be shown when the marker is clicked google.maps.event.addListener( marker1 , ' click ' , function ( ) { infowindow1.open ( map , marker1 ) ; } ) ; google.maps.event.addListener(marker2 , ' click ' , function ( ) { infowindow2.open(map , marker2 ) ; } ) ;
And we ’re done !
We now have a distance calculator !
Let me know if you have any questions !
For more advanced users , we are going to add some more stuff .
Read on !
What are we going to add ?
We ’re going to add custom markers to our map and a new feature : draggable markers .
The user will be able to drag the markers around the map and the route will be computed again .
We will also let the user choose what type of route to show on the map ( the available options are driving , walking and bicycling ) .
Another thing we ’ll add is saving the map type selected by the user .
This way , the selection will be saved when the user presses the “ show ” button next time and the user wo n’t have to select the desired map type each time he refreshes the map .
Prerequisites
Apart from adding the new features , I ’ve made a small change to the programs structure : I ’ve made a separate function for showing the route between the two points ( called drawRoutes ( ) ) .
I ’ve done this because we ’ll have to call this function each time one of the markers is dragged by the user .
Adding custom markers
The first thing we ’ll add are custom markers .
For this , we need a small image , I ’ve used a silly one as an example .
The code to set the image as the marker looks like this :
var rabbit = new google.maps.MarkerImage (' distance-finder-custom-marker-image.png ' ) ; // create the markers for the two locations var marker1 = new google .
maps .
Marker ( { map : map , position : location1 , title : " First location " , icon : rabbit , draggable : true } ) ; var marker2 = new google .
maps .
Marker ( { map : map , position : location2 , title : " Second location " , icon : rabbit , draggable : true } ) ;
We ’ve defined a new MarkerImage object and given it the location of the image for the marker .
Also , we ’ve changed the options a bit when creating the markers : we ’ve added the icon parameter .
Making the markers draggable
As you can see from the previous piece of code , we ’ve also set the “ draggable ” parameter to true , making our markers draggable .
The user can now drag the markers anywhere on the map .
But nothing happens when the markers are dragged !
We ’ll have to add the code to find the address of the new locations and show the new route .
But first , we ’ll have to add another action listener to the markers , to define the function to be called when the user stops dragging the marker .
Here ’s what we have to add to our code :
// add action events for dragging the markers google.maps.event.addListener( marker1 , ' dragend ' , function ( ) { location1 = marker1.getPosition ( ) ; drawRoutes ( location1 , location2 ) ; } ) ; google.maps.event.addListener(marker2 , ' dragend ' , function ( ) { location2 = marker2.getPosition ( ) ; drawRoutes ( location1 , location2 ) ; } ) ;
We ’ve added one listener for each marker .
Both of them save the new location of the marker ( we can get that using the getPosition ( ) function from the google maps api – the function returns the marker ’s coordinates ) and call the drawRoutes ( ) function giving it the new locations as parameters .
In the drawRoutes ( ) function we ’ll have to find the addresses of the new locations and show the new line between the points and compute a new route .
To find the addresses of the points we ’ll use the reverse geocoding feature provided by google maps .
Geocoding means finding the coordinates of a given address , and reverse geocoding means finding the address of the points when you know the coordinates .
Here ’s the code for this :
geocoder = new google.maps .
Geocoder ( ) ; // creating a new geocode object if ( geocoder ) { geocoder.geocode ( {' latLng ' : location1} , function ( results , status ) { if ( status == google.maps.GeocoderStatus.OK ) { if ( results [ 0 ] ) { address1 = results [ 0].formatted_address ; document.getElementById(" address1 " ) .value = address1 ; } } else { alert ( " Geocoder failed due to : " + status ) ; } } ) ; } if ( geocoder ) { geocoder.geocode ( {' latLng ' : location2} , function ( results , status ) { if ( status == google.maps.GeocoderStatus.OK ) { if ( results [ 0 ] ) { address2 = results [ 0].formatted_address ; document.getElementById(" address2 " ) .value = address2 ; continueShowRoute ( location1 , location2 ) ; } } else { alert ( " Geocoder failed due to : " + status ) ; } } ) ; }
The code is very similar to the code we ’ve used to geocode the addresses .
We ’ve created a new geocoder object and called the geocode function as before .
This time , the parameter we sent to the function is the location of the points .
We ’ve saved the result from the google server and the address1 and address2 variables .
The address has the following format : “ 275-291 Bedford Ave , Brooklyn , NY 11211 , USA ” .
We ’ve written this address in the text fields from the form , so the user will know the exact address of the plotted points .
We ’ve used the document.getElementById( ) to set the values of the text fields .
When both addresses are found , we call the continueShowRoute ( ) function which shows the routes .
We ’ll first show the line that connects the points .
The difference from the first tutorial is that we now have to delete the last drawn line .
Like this :
// hide last line if ( line ) { line.setMap( null ) ; }
Then we ’ll draw the new one , just like before .
We ’ll then compute the distance on a straight line between the points and show it on the screen , as I ’ve shown in the first tutorial .
The code to compute the quickest route and show the results on the screen also remains unchanged .
The only thing we need to do is update the text on the infowindows with the new address values .
// update text in infowindows var text1 = ' < div >'+</div> ' < h1 id =" firstHeading " > First location '+ ' < div id =" bodyContent " >'+
' Coordinates : '+location1 + ' '+ ' Address : '+address1 + ' '+ '</div > '+ '</div > ' ; var text2 = ' < div >'+</div> ' < h1 id =" firstHeading " > Second location </ h1 > '+ ' < div id =" bodyContent " >'+
' Coordinates : '+location2 + ' '+ ' Address : '+address2 + ' '+ '</div > '+ '</div > ' ; infowindow1.setContent(text1 ) ; infowindow2.setContent(text2 ) ;
We ’ve created new variables for holding the new texts to be shown in the infoboxes and used the setContent ( ) function to change the texts on them .
Choosing the travel mode
We ’ll also add the option to change the driving mode for the route shown on the map .
The available travel modes are : driving , walking and bicycling ( this option is only available for routes in the US ) .
We ’ll first have to add a drop down box for the user to select the desired travel mode .
We ’ll add a new row to our previously created table :
< tr > < td > Route type : < select id= " < span class= " ></ select > < option value = " driving " > driving </option > < option value= " walking " > walking </option > < option value= " bicycling " > bicycling ( only in US ) </ option > </ select > </td > </tr>
Now , let ’s see what we have to do to show the selected travel mode correctly .
We ’ll have to change the options for the request we send to the directions service from google .
var travelmode = document.getElementById(" travelMode " ) .value ; // get the selected travel mode if ( travelmode == " driving " ) travel = google.maps.DirectionsTravelMode.DRIVING ; else if ( travelmode == " walking " ) travel = google.maps.DirectionsTravelMode .WALKING ; else if ( travelmode == " bicycling " ) travel = google.maps.DirectionsTravelMode.BICYCLING ; // find and show route between the points var request = { origin: location1 , destination : location2 , travelMode : travel } ;
We ’ve first saved the selected option from the drop down box in the travelmode variable .
We ’ve checked the value of this variable and set the travel variable that holds the google .
map.travelmode .
When setting the options for the request , we ’ve used this variable to set the travel mode .
Saving the selected map setting
The map types the user can choose from are : roadmap , hybrid , satellite and terrain .
We ’re going to use a hidden field in the form for holding the selected map
< input id = " < span class= " /> maptype " type =" hidden " value= " roadmap " / >
When creating the new map object , we ’ll first check the value of this field and set the map type accordingly .
// get the map type value from the hidden field var maptype = document.getElementById(" maptype " ) .value ; var type
Id ; if ( maptype == " roadmap " ) type Id = google .maps.MapTypeId.ROADMAP
; else if ( maptype == " hybrid " ) type Id = google .
maps.MapTypeId.HYBRID ; else if ( maptype == " satellite " ) type Id = google .
maps.MapTypeId.SATELLITE
; else if ( maptype == " terrain " ) type Id = google .
maps.MapTypeId.TERRAIN ; // set map options var mapOptions = { zoom : 1 , center : latlng , mapType Id : type Id } ;
The last thing we need to do is update the hidden field value when the user changes the map type .
For this , we need to add a listener that will be triggered when the user changes the map type .
The listener will update the value of the hidden field .
// event listener to update the map type google.maps.event.addListener(map , ' maptypeid_changed ' , function ( ) { maptype = map.getMapTypeId( ) ; document.getElementById(' maptype') . value = maptype ; } ) ;
We ’ve used the getMapTypeId ( ) function to get the new map type and the document.getElementById ( ) function to set the value for the hidden field .
And that ’s it !
We ’ve finished improving our distance finder !
" ... now I 'm going to jump off Foxconn , really leaving now , but you do n't have to be sad , because Foxconn will pay a bit of money , this is all your son can repay you now . "
At yesterday 's annual shareholder meeting , Foxconn revealed that it 'll no longer be compensating families of dead employees as a move to discourage further suicides .
CEO Terry
Gou reasoned by exhibiting evidence that showed the money -- an amount almost equivalent to ten years ' worth of salary -- was a major motivation for the suicides .
One such exhibit was a man 's suicide letter that contained the following message for his parents :
Gou also blamed a possible " Werther Effect " created by the news coverage , which might have led to six of the twelve suicides all taking place in May .
Consequently , the company will be handing over its welfare management work to the local Chinese government , as it's unable to deal with too many social responsibilities .
In the same meeting , the company made an unsurprising announcement that it 's looking to relocate some manufacturing work , amid a worsened earnings forecast due to increased wages -- basic salary has gone up from ¥ 900 ( $ 132 ) to ¥ 1,200 ( $ 176 ) , rising to as much as ¥ 2,000 ( $ 293 ) for those who meet new performance criteria .
This will involve setting up a fully automated facility in either Taiwan or Vietnam , while the existing Vietnamese plant will be receiving more orders .
Chairman Samuel
Chen also said that Foxconn will be working with its clients to share the load -- no further details on this , but we suspect Apple 's rumored direct subsidies are part of the plan .
Parameters in parameter_array will be substituted for placeholders in the prepared statement in order .
Elements of this array will be converted to strings by calling this function .
Any parameters in parameter_array which start and end with single quotes will be taken as the name of a file to read and send to the database server as the data for the appropriate placeholder .
Every man , woman and child on the planet using micro-blogging site Twitter for a century .
For many people that may sound like a vision of hell , but for watchers of the tremendous growth of digital communications it is a neat way of presenting the sheer scale of the so - called digital universe .
The explosion of social networking , online video services and digital photography , plus the continued popularity of mobile phones , email and web browsing , coupled with the growing desire of corporations and governments to know and store ever more data about everyone has created an unprecedented amount of digital information and introduced a new word to the nerd lexicon : a zettabyte .
Research published today estimates that the so - called digital universe grew by 62 % last year to 800,000 petabytes - a petabyte is a million gigabytes – or 0.8 zettabytes .
That is the equivalent of all the information that could be stored on 75bn Apple iPads , which would equal the digital output from a century 's worth of constant tweeting by all of Earth 's inhabitants .
By way of stark contrast between the output of present day humanity and its pre-digital predecessor , experts estimate that all human language used since the dawn of time would take up about 5,000 petabytes if stored in digital form , which is less than 1 % of the digital content created since someone first switched on a computer .
This year , the planet 's digital content will blast through the zettabyte barrier to reach 1.2 ZB , according to the fourth annual survey of the world 's bits and bytes conducted by technology consultancy IDC and sponsored by IT firm EMC .
A zettabyte , incidentally , is roughly half a million times the entire collections of all the academic libraries in the United States .
As an increasing number of " old media " stalwarts , such as book publishing , migrate to new online platforms the digital universe is set to expand further .
The upgrading of existing digital content - such as the production of high definition television , Blu - Ray DVD and 3D films - will also expand the world 's store of electronic information .
Consumers , meanwhile , are expected to continue their love affair with social networking , video sharing and their host of devices that can create , store and share content , such as digital cameras and mobile phones .
" There has been mammoth growth in the types of media that make up the digital universe , " according to Adrian McDonald , vice president and general manager for UK & Ireland EMC .
" A huge increase in video and digital photography – in the old days people would take one photograph , now they can knock off 20 photos and rather than store just one , people store all 20 and then they store all 20 many times across the web .
Then there is the fact that the number of devices where information can be generated and stored has also increased . "
As a result , over the next decade , the information contained within the digital universe is forecast to expand by a factor of 44 , according to the survey .
Mobile phones have dramatically widened the range of people who can create , store and share digital information .
" China now has more visible devices out on the streets being used by individuals than the US does , " said McDonald .
" We are seeing the democratisation and commoditisation of the use and creation of information . "
But the expanding digital universe will present companies with a headache as the generation of content far outstrips the capacity of corporate storage and the world 's IT professionals run to keep up with demand for their services .
About 70 % of the digital universe is generated by individuals , but its storage is then predominantly the job of corporations .
From emails and blogs to mobile phone calls , it is corporations that are storing information on behalf of consumers .
Then there are the actions in the offline world that individuals carry out which result in digital content being created by organisations – from cashpoint transactions which a bank must record to walking along the pavement , which is likely to result in CCTV footage .
The vast majority of this information , meanwhile , is " unstructured " , which means it has not been specifically created so it can easily be indexed , sorted , catalogued and retrieved .
Corporations are spending increasing amounts of money on technology from companies such as Cambridge - based Autonomy , which allows them to search through such mounds of information .
Individuals , however , are likely to rely ever more heavily on the large internet search engines , especially Google , as much of their own personal content will increasingly be stored and searched online .
EMC and IDC first examined the digital universe back in 2007 and estimated that it was equivalent to 161 exabytes , 161,000 petabytes or 161bn gigabytes .
At the time they forecast the digital universe would grow to 988 exabytes , just under 1 zettabyte , by this year .
The fact that growth has been faster than expected even in that short period of time comes as little surprise to a veteran of the rapidly changing IT industry such as McDonald .
" I 'm not that old , but we used to sell memory boards in 16 kilobytes – not even megabytes .
And that was a big board which you sold into a serious company .
I used to sell systems that were 50 megabytes .
Even USB flash memory sticks are larger than that now , " he said .
" You talk to a kid these days and they have no idea what a kilobyte is .
The speed things progress , we are going to need many words beyond zettabyte . "
DETROIT -- Jimmy Devellano helped turn two franchises into Stanley Cup champions while drafting , hiring and developing people who have left their mark in hockey .
Devellano began his NHL career as an unpaid Toronto - area scout for the St. Louis Blues in 1967 , and on Tuesday , the senior vice president of the Detroit Red Wings was elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame .
" When we get into the business , we all want to get our names on the Stanley Cup , " Devellano said .
" I 've been blessed to do it more than once ( four times with Detroit , three with the New York Islanders ) .
On an individual basis , the highest thing you can be recognized with is a Hall of Fame spot .
I 'm obviously thrilled . "
Devellano , 67 , was selected in the builders category .
Scrappy forward Dino Ciccarelli , who scored 608 goals and spent four of his 19 seasons with the Red Wings , was selected in the players category , along with Cammi Granato and Angela James , who are the first female players elected .
The induction ceremony is Nov. 8 in Toronto .
Next season will be Devellano 's 44th in the NHL and his 29th with the Red Wings .
The once - proud franchise was in shambles when Mike and Marian Ilitch purchased it from the Norris family in 1982 .
The team had missed the playoffs in 14 of the previous 17 seasons , and its dwindling season - ticket base had dropped to 2,100 .
Devellano , the first general manager the Ilitches hired following his successful stint as a scout and assistant GM with the Islanders , was at the forefront of the Red Wings ' resurrection .
The foundation was laid in ' 83 , when Devellano , in his first entry draft as GM , selected Steve Yzerman with the fourth overall pick .
Devellano vowed to build through the draft and spearheaded the organization 's efforts to procure talent from Europe .
The club 's 1989 " Draft for the Ages " produced Nicklas Lidstrom , Sergei Fedorov and Vladimir Konstantinov .
Devellano hired Ken Holland as a scout and was instrumental in his ascension to general manager .
He also recommended the hiring of Scotty Bowman as coach in '93 .
" It was tough through the ' 80s , it did n't happen overnight , but once we got into the '90s and a flock of Europeans came over , we got good in a hurry , " Devellano said .
" And for 19 years we 've been a good club . "
Among Devellano 's numerous contributions is his cultivation of front - office talent .
" The development of Ken Holland , ( assistant GM ) Jim Nill , Steve Yzerman , even ( NHL vice president of operations ) Colin Campbell -- who we had as a player and made him into an assistant coach , now he 's a big guy in the league office -- those were the people I gave a chance to and they responded , " Devellano said .
" We 've been able to produce good , young hockey people .
( Holland and Nill ) started as scouts and worked their way up .
He also said he 's proud of Yzerman , who apprenticed in the Red Wings ' front office as vice president for four years before becoming GM in Tampa Bay last month .
Devellano 's teams have missed the playoffs only five times in 42 seasons , including the Islanders ' first two years as an expansion club .
Devellano remains active behind the scenes , scouting NHL games , providing input on player moves and advising management on contracts .
He will be in Los Angeles this weekend for the entry draft .
Ciccarelli , 50 , waited eight years to be selected .
The small ( 5 - foot - 10 , 180 pounds ) but scrappy net - front battler had 107 goals and 240 points in 254 games with the Red Wings from ' 92 - 96 .
He began his NHL career with the Minnesota North Stars in 1980 and had stops in Washington , Tampa Bay and Florida .
He finished with 1,200 points .
An emotional Ciccarelli called the Hall nod a tremendous honor he will cherish for the rest of his life .
" I just lost my mom a few months ago and my dad a few years ago , " Ciccarelli said during a conference call .
" It would have been nice to enjoy it with my parents , but I 've got my kids , my family and a lot of friends .
We 're going to enjoy this and celebrate it . "
Granato played 15 years with the U.S. women 's team , leading it to a gold medal at the 1998 Winter Olympics .
James was a four - time world champion with the Canadian women 's team .
The late Daryl ( Doc ) Seaman , a founding owner of the Calgary Flames , also was elected as a builder .
JERUSALEM —
Days after a deadly confrontation at sea when Israeli commandos raided a flotilla trying to challenge the naval blockade of Gaza , a vessel owned by the Free Gaza Movement carrying humanitarian supplies and a small group of pro-Palestinian activists was on the way , scheduled to arrive early on Saturday .
On Friday , the Israeli and Irish governments reached an agreement to unload the vessel ’s cargo at the port in Ashdod , in southern Israel , and transport it to Gaza — essentially the same deal Israel offered to the activists in the aid convoy that was attacked on Monday .
But Greta Berlin , a spokeswoman for the Free Gaza Movement , the principal organizer of the earlier flotilla , said that those on board had rejected that approach .
“ The whole point is to try to break the blockade , ” Ms. Berlin said , speaking by telephone from Cyprus .
The rejection left open the possibility of another confrontation , though with only 11 passengers on board , 4 of them over 60 years old , and a crew of 8 , there seemed to be less potential for violence .
The passengers have said that any resistance will be peaceful .
I Do n’t Want to Hold Your Hand
What will be the image that frames the news reporting of June 29 ’s White House meeting between U.S. President Barack Obama and King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia ?
Surely not another bow toward the desert monarch , as caught on video at the London G - 20 meeting in April 2009 .
Or what hypercritics saw as a further deferential bob in Riyadh last June , when the president leaned forward so the shorter king could confer on him the King Abdul Aziz Order of Merit , a chunky necklace that Obama took off within seconds .
Of course , what the White House staff most wants to avoid is any image as awkward as the shot of President George W. Bush and then Crown Prince Abdullah walking arm in arm at the start of a meeting at Bush ’s Crawford , Texas , ranch in April 2002 .
The shot was memorialized by Michael Moore in Fahrenheit 9/11 and , with Moore himself superimposed in place of Abdullah , became the poster for the movie , plastered on thousands of theater walls across the United States .
We will have to wait for W ’s biography for his explanation of this gaucheness , which came to define his presidency .
However , the prevailing assumption is that Abdullah , then the effective ruler of Saudi Arabia because of the ill health of King Fahd , had thrown Bush off balance by threatening to walk out of the summit before it started .
Abdullah insisted on being able to take home a diplomatic prize — anything to make his visit worthwhile .
This demand wrong - footed Bush , who had thought the Saudis would still be — and should have been — on the defensive because of widespread accusations about their historical tolerance of the Islamic extremism that spawned the 9/11 attacks nearly eight months earlier .
Bush grabbed Abdullah ’s arm as a way of saying : " Stay .
Let ’s talk about it . "
The rest is history .
Obama and Abdullah already has met just two days before at the G - 20 summit in Canada , but Abdullah is coming to Washington to talk one - on - one about Palestine and Iran .
On the former issue , Abdullah thinks that Obama " gets it , " as he has been tougher on the Israelis than Bush or Bill Clinton .
On Iran , however , the Saudi king fears that his country ’s historically closest ally is naive , and dangerously so , for putting so much faith in diplomacy .
The same emotional approach that causes Abdullah to anguish about the Palestinians also explains his distrust and antipathy toward the Iranians , whom he sees as typically untrustworthy Shiite challengers to Sunni , and therefore Saudi , custodianship of the holy places of Islam .
Despite the official blandishments , there are clear indications that under Abdullah , and especially since 2001 , Saudi Arabia has put distance into its relationship with the United States .
Abdullah is trying to gain more room to maneuver in the Sunni-Shiite rivalry and between extremists and moderates within Sunni Islam .
To do so , he has to erode the notion that the House of Saud is a pawn of Uncle Sam .
A clear example of this distancing is the foundation of U.S. - Saudi ties : oil .
Saudi Arabia , despite having the world ’s largest oil reserves , is no longer the largest global producer — Russia takes that title .
And though for many years , in a clear statement of diplomatic priorities , the kingdom was the largest foreign supplier of oil to the United States , it has now slipped behind Canada and Mexico .
With the years of ritual denunciations from both Bush and Obama regarding U.S. " dependence on foreign oil , " Washington can hardly complain , but the net result is less U.S. influence in Saudi Arabia .
On Iran , there is a widening if not unbridgeable gap between the two countries .
The kingdom ’s own signals of the policy differences between Riyadh and Washington might well include the June 12 London Times story , which reported that the kingdom would allow Israeli jets to fly over its territory to complete a bombing raid on Iran ’s nuclear facilities .
Although officially denied by Saudi officials , the Times stood by its report .
Its editor would not run such a story without being confident of the sources .
The kingdom ’s own pursuit of ( peaceful ) nuclear energy is a clear sign that Riyadh thinks that the United States cannot or will not stop Iran ’s program .
A June 17 Reuters story quoted an energy advisor to the kingdom as saying that not only was Saudi Arabia looking at nuclear power plants , but it should also be allowed to enrich the necessary uranium fuel itself .
That mirrors the Iranian stance , though the ability to make low - enriched uranium for power plants is , but for a few technical tweaks , the same technology needed to make highly enriched uranium for an atomic weapon .
Saudi Arabia ’s ability to master this technology is doubtful — but its ambition is not .
By his own admission , Pakistan ’s controversial nuclear expert , Abdul Qadeer Khan , now notionally free after years of house arrest on allegations of rogue nuclear trading , visited the kingdom around 50 times and was on the technology subcommittee of the Jeddah - based Islamic Development Bank .
According to Khan ’s 11 - page confession letter , a senior prince at one point even offered Saudi citizenship to Khan and some of his aides .
( They declined . )
Abdullah ’s determination to go nuclear , at least for generating electricity , is being encouraged by France , where he will travel after leaving the United States .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy , who is noted for his tough approach on the Iran nuclear issue , has already pitched the idea during three visits to Saudi Arabia .
If the kingdom pursues this , it will impact the centerpiece of U.S. nonproliferation efforts on the Arabia Peninsula : the so - called nuclear 123 Agreement with the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) , which won U.S. approval for nuclear power plants by renouncing enrichment technology .
If Washington accepts Saudi enrichment , the UAE — which in its bad old days , also offered Khan a passport — would insist on renegotiating its deal .
The octogenarian King Abdullah often cuts a lonely figure in the clannish House of Saud .
One almost sympathizes for him when he returns home and has to explain to his brother princes where the United States stands on key policy issues .
Crown Prince Sultan , his designated successor and official stand - in during his absence , is reportedly enfeebled and unable to comprehend government affairs .
Therefore , the ultra-cautious , conservative , and anti-Iranian views of Sultan ’s brother , Interior Minister Prince Nayef , who is emerging more clearly as the next in line , could be crucial .
Both men were said to be involved in paying off Osama bin Laden in the years before 9/11 .
So , even if the enduring image from this most recent summit is a bow or an embrace , it appears likely that the kingdom will diverge even further from its decades - old bond with Washington .
I ’m watching the news one night on TV and suddenly out of no where , one of the reporters start quipping about the new Sex and the City sequel and how fabulous the movie is and how later one of the show ’s stars will be coming on live , or something to that effect when I suddenly realize that somewhere in another part of the world they ’re talking about the recent bloodshed in Bangkok , Thailand , the economic disarray in Europe , the stalemate in Afghanistan , why the rich are getting richer and here we are in the center of the world talking about Carrie Bradshaw a mythological character on prime time news .
Of course a lot of media folk will respond that they are only giving the audience what they want , but then again when was the last time a mother seriously took into account their children ’s demands to be fed Ronald Mcdonald Bic Macs every morning for breakfast , which is not to imply that the American public are like children , but to assert rather that the media is in fact in a position to impart a more nuanced cohesive discussion as to the times we live in but decide for a variety of reasons ( which I am inclined to draw on later ) to amplify on celebrity hysteria , supposed preferred lifestyles , the occasional scapegoat who is suppose to represent all of societies ills - eg , Bernard Madoff ( never mind the complicit behavior of the feeder funds , the SEC which never properly scrutinized him , the public which is entitled to super returns even if it does n’t make sense ) and the passive commentary on current affairs which almost never really challenges the underlying tensions inherent in the story , the indoctrinated power structures but rather supports a lob sided portrayal of affairs , it ’s sponsors view points and the recent strange idea that unless it ’s about a reality star no one is going to care .
One supposes after a while that what is supposed to pass for news is in fact an elongated endorsement of various corporate , political and other concerted entity ’s affairs , aspirations and view points .
To bother to question it or even ask why what one is watching counts as news is a discussion that the media industry rarely goes out of its way to have , but then again how can one legitimately address these concerns when our sports hero is caught in another affair ( think Tiger Woods all winter long ) , our president ’s wife is showing too much leg or why for that matter why health care reform is being couched by the pharmaceutical industry as a draconian attempt to make us socialists - something that supposedly stinks if you leave too long out of the fridge .
Of course its come to the point where a lot of people do n’t even bother with the major networks anymore , if ratings are a guide , ( but then again how does one explain the high ratings over at FOX news which almost admits that it is not presenting news but a rhetorical brow beating session where the onlooker can marvel at human being ’s ability to humiliate each other in public … ) , tuning in to Comedy Central ’s ‘ Jon Stewart , ’ and to other parody style shows which examine current affairs with a healthy degree of wit and lampoon .
Revealed : Inside the Chinese suicide sweatshop where workers toil in 34 - hour shifts to make your iPod
When Apple boss Steve Jobs unveiled his latest creation this week , the event was given quasi-religious significance .
At a ceremony in San Francisco , more than 5,000 supplicants paid homage to a man hailed by some as a visionary .
Tickets to the event cost £ 1,000 - and guests watched in awe as Jobs , in his trademark black turtleneck jumper and blue jeans ( he wears the same outfit seven days a week ) , held up the new Apple iPhone in front of a giant computer - generated image of himself .
With Apple now the biggest computing company on the planet , the 55 - year - old could have been forgiven for looking smug .
His latest iPhone , like the models before , is expected to generate billions in sales .
Steel wire meshes have been fitted to windows at Foxconn 's factory to stop workers jumping after a rash of suicides believed to be due to harsh management practices
And with sales of his new iPad hitting one million in the U.S. within 28 days of its launch - one was sold every three seconds - Jobs has been credited with changing the way we live , introducing gadgets that keep us permanently connected .
They 've also fuelled a massive sub- industry in phone applications or ' apps ' which do everything from turning your phone into a virtual spirit level to timing pregnant women 's contractions .
Given up for adoption as a baby , Jobs also likes to pose as a man of the California ' counter - culture ' era , who made his fortune after taking LSD during a ' spiritual journey ' in India , returning as a devout , shaven - headed Buddhist .
From those humble , supposedly spiritual beginnings , he is now a business behemoth , eclipsing Bill Gates at Microsoft as the most powerful man in computing .
Apple 's income currently approaches £ 10 billion a year .
' I wish him [ Bill Gates ] the best , I really do , ' Jobs once smirked .
' I just think he and Microsoft are a bit narrow .
He'd be a broader guy if he had dropped acid once or gone off to an ashram when he was younger . '
Yet , amid all the fanfare and celebrations this week , there was one sour , niggling note : reports of a spate of suicides at a secretive Chinese complex where Jobs 's iPhone , iPod and iPad - Apple 's new state - of - the - art slimline computer - are built and assembled .
With 11 workers taking their lives in sinister circumstances , Jobs acted swiftly to quell a potential public relations disaster .
Stressing that he found the deaths ' troubling ' and that he was ' all over it ' , the billionaire brushed aside suggestions that the factory was a sweatshop .
' You go in this place and it 's a factory but , my gosh , they 've got restaurants and movie theatres and hospitals and swimming pools , ' he said .
' For a factory , it 's pretty nice . '
His definition of ' nice ' is questionable and likely to have his American workers in uproar if such conditions were imposed upon them .
Foxconn employs 420,000 workers at its Shenzhen plant where conditions are very basic with no air - conditioning
For , as Apple 's leader was taking a bow on the world stage , the Mail was under cover inside this Chinese complex .
And we encountered a strange , disturbing world where new recruits are drilled along military lines , ordered to stand for the company song and kept in barracks like battery hens - all for little more than £ 20 a week .
In what 's been dubbed the ' i- Nightmare factory ' , the scandal focuses on two sprawling complexes near Shenzhen , two decades ago a small fishing port and now a city of 17 million people .
This is the epicentre of operations for Foxconn , China 's biggest exporter , which makes products under licence for Apple using a 420,000 - strong workforce in Shenzhen .
They have 800,000 workers country - wide .
And as Jobs was speaking in San Francisco , new measures were being secretly introduced at Foxconn to prevent the suicide scandal from worsening and damaging Apple sales globally .
Astonishingly , this involves forcing all Foxconn employees to sign a new legally binding document promising that they wo n't kill themselves .
The document , a copy of which has been obtained by the Mail , states that all employees ( or their dependants ) must promise not to sue the company as the result of ' any unexpected death or injury , including suicide or self torture ' .
The owner of this massive , highly controlled iPad and iPhone factory has also decided to install something he 's dubbed ' ai xin wang ' - which translates literally as 'nets of a loving heart '
In reality , these ' loving hearts ' are 10ft high wire fences on the roofs and 15ft wide nets at the base of all buildings .
The human traps are to prevent people jumping to their deaths and smashing themselves on the pavements below .
Alongside such physical impediments to suicide , hundreds of monks have been flown in to the plant to exorcise evil spirits .
Shaven - headed and wearing long robes , groups of monks have been seen chanting and praying amid baffled , exhausted workers .
More than 2,000 social workers are also being recruited and emergency helplines set up .
Anyone appearing mentally ill or stressed is being identified by a special ' spotters ' team set up to keep tabs on the workforce .
Workers who fail to respond to the chanting monks or the entreaties of social workers are secretly shipped to Shenzhen Mental Health Centre , a private facility where there are several wards crammed with Foxconn employees .
With the complex at peak production , operating 24 hours a day , seven days a week to meet the global demand for Apple phones and computers , a typical day begins with the Chinese national anthem being played over loudspeakers , with the words : ' Arise , arise , arise , millions of hearts with one mind . '
As part of this Orwellian control , the public address system constantly relays propaganda , such as how many products have been made ; how a new basketball court has been built for the workers ; and why workers should ' value efficiency every minute , every second ' .
With other company slogans painted on workshop walls - including exhortations to ' achieve goals unless the sun no longer rises ' and to ' gather all of the elite and Foxconn will get stronger and stronger ' - the employees work up to 15 - hour shifts .
Apple boss Steve Jobs brushed aside suggestions that the factory was a sweatshop
Down narrow , prison - like corridors , they sleep in cramped rooms in triple - decked bunk beds to save space , with simple bamboo mats for mattresses .
Despite summer temperatures hitting 35 degrees , with 90 per cent humidity , there is no air - conditioning .
Workers say some dormitories house more than 40 people and are infested with ants and cockroaches , with the noise and stench making it difficult to sleep .
These workers answer to Terry Gou , an authoritarian figure whose contracts with Apple have helped make him , like his partner Jobs , one of the richest men in the world with a fortune estimated at £ 5.5 billion .
While Jobs was away taking drugs in India , Gou - whose parents fled communist China to Taiwan - was starting Foxconn , employing ten workers to make television sets at his fledgling company .
But he quickly realised that there was a fortune to be made from China 's booming population - a massive , cheap labour - force waiting to be exploited .
A workaholic , disciplinarian and perfectionist , Gou , 60 , adopted a strict management style , inspired by his days in the private Taipei College of Maritime Technology followed by two years in the Taiwanese army .
Critics have dubbed iPhone maker Foxconn 's complex an ' i-Nightmare factory '
New recruits at Foxconn are subjected to weeks of military - style drilling in order to build discipline .
This is intended , as Gou puts it , to ' agglomerate them to act in unison and in concert ' so that he can build a ' unique Foxconnian culture ' .
As well as slogans on the walls , Gou orders staff to wear jackets bearing slogans such as : ' Together everyone achieves more . '
Strict discipline is enforced , with pay docked for any breaches under a bizarre points system .
Points are deducted for crimes such as having long nails , being late , yawning , eating , sitting on the floor , talking or walking quickly .
During a week - long investigation , which involved dodging the security guards who constantly patrol the Foxconn complex and who beat up a Reuters photographer earlier this year , we spoke to dozens of workers on condition of anonymity .
On top of the living conditions , they all complained of intolerable pressure to hit targets for booming Apple sales , with managers exhorting what Gou calls his ' family ' to work until they are ready to drop .
' There are just three points to your life when you work at Foxconn , ' says Huang , 21 , who finally quit last month because of the pressure .
' Going to work , coming - home from work and sleeping . '
He added : ' You are totally isolated from the outside world .
I walked the same path from dorm to factory and back to dorm .
That was my world .
' There 's no entertainment and no TV .
There were 12 workers in my dorm , with some doing days , others nights and there was not a single person to talk to . '
Ma Xiangqian , 18 , who killed himself earlier this year after just three months at Foxconn , was too scared to give up his job , despite the pressure , knowing poverty awaited as thousands compete for a single post .
He slowly cracked .
First , he was ' fined ' from his wages for breaking two tools by accident .
After being exhorted to work harder , he was eventually taken off the production line and forced to wash toilets for several weeks as punishment .
He told his sister he was ' ashamed ' of the way he was being treated .
On January 23 , he was found in a pool of blood at the foot of his dormitory block .
His sister , who also worked at Foxconn , was told he had fainted and was recovering in hospital .
In reality , her brother was already in the morgue .
She was then told that Ma was a victim of unexplained ' sudden death ' .
After she took the highly unusual step of protesting and demanding a post mortem , Foxconn officials later changed the cause of death to ' falling from a great height ' .
Like Jobs ,
Gou dismisses claims that working conditions at the complex are to blame , saying the spate of suicides were due to ' personal ' reasons ' such as broken relationships .
No smiles : Workers look on from a Foxconn logo near the gate of a Foxconn factory in the township of Longhua , Guangdong province
To the fury of his dead employees ' relatives , Gou also claimed that some people had killed themselves for the money - saying they wanted Foxconn 's ' generous compensation ' for their families .
That is not the view of Yao Ruoqin , one of three known survivors of Apple suicide attempts .
We found her at a Shenzhen hospital , although her name was not on official ward records .
' Terry Gou could n't care less about me , ' she said , recovering from broken hips and a damaged liver after jumping from the seventh floor at Foxconn .
Two other survivors we found at a local hospital - one called Tian Yu , 17 , who has been paralysed from the waist down - refused to speak , saying Foxconn had threatened to stop paying their medical bills if they went public .
Appearing to confirm claims of overwork , another worker , Yan Li , 27 , collapsed and died last week from exhaustion , according to SACOM , ( Students & Scholars Against Corporate Misbehavior ) , a Hong Kong pressure group that is monitoring the situation .
Yan collapsed having worked continuously for 34 hours .
He was on the night shift for a month and had worked overtime every night , according to his wife .
Speaking on condition of anonymity , one line manager told us that there is constant pressure among all workers .
' We must meet the quota every day at the maximum quality , ' said the man .
' There are several layers of management with the pressure coming from above . '
Qing Tong , 28 , a former manager at Foxconn , has written a book detailing her experiences at the company , saying all traces of individual personality among workers must be erased to achieve Gou 's mantra that ' time is money and efficiency is life ' .
After details of the Chinese suicides leaked out , and Jobs promised he was ' all over it ' , his Chinese partner announced that his workers would receive a generous - sounding 30 per cent pay rise , raising the basic wage from £ 90 to £ 120 a month .
Yet human r ights groups denounced this as a public relations sham , saying that the legal minimum wage was being raised by the Chinese authorities in any case .
Lu Bing Dong , 22 , helps produce 21,000 iPhones daily in his workshop alone .
' The pay rise is actually stopping us making more money because now they are strictly controlling overtime , ' he says .
' Foxconn are very smart - they say it 's a pay rise , but we actually earn less .
It 's meaningless .
They will increase the daily quotas [ of products made ] to make up for lost time . '
As we left the sprawling Foxconn complex , workers were putting cages on one dormitory block with balconies - yet another measure to keep workers from killing themselves .
' It looks even more like a prison now , ' said a weary Lu , 27 , returning from a 15 - hour shift .
Here is a strange echo from history .
It is a documentary made by the BBC in 1973 about the story of the ship , the Exodus .
It was the ship full of Jewish refugees - many of them survivors of the Holocaust - that tried to break the British blockade of Palestine in 1947 .
The participants from both sides appear and describe in detail how British soldiers boarded the ship 21 miles off the coast of Palestine killing 3 of the refugees and wounding others .
It caused an international scandal and was a PR disaster for the British government .
It is seen in Israel today as one of the most significant events that led to the founding of the modern Israeli state .
The shock was compounded when the British took most of the refugees back to Germany and put them on trains and sent them to internment camps .
Here is a still of the ship after it was captured by the British .
As you watch the film - it raises complex reactions and thoughts in your mind .
But it is ironic that , although the two events are in many ways completely different , the Israelis are now preventing Palestinians and supporters of Hamas from doing what the Israeli defence organisation - the Haganah - tried to do over 60 years ago .
From 1945 the Haganah , along with the Irgun , had been carrying out a terror campaign against British soldiers in Palestine .
Then in 1947 they organised the Exodus operation as an attempt to break the British blockade .
It is full of all the central characters in the story - including the captain of the Exodus , and the commander of the British warship .
He uses little models of ships to demonstrate how he came alongside and British soldiers jumped from special platforms onto the roof of the Exodus - and took over the wheelhouse .
For some unknown reason the film starts in colour - then goes to black and white and finally comes back into colour .
I 'm sorry about this - but it is fascinating .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
IT LOOKS LIKE the cracks are starting to spread at Nvidia PR , Hardware Secrets just joined the list of those honest enough to get banned by the company .
The real question is how does Nvidia PR decide to blacklist a company ?
Since you asked , we dug up their internal memos on such things .
Hardware Secrets seems to have done the unthinkable and not bowed to Nvidia PR ’s requests to , lets not mince words , lie about their products , or at the very least , change things that they did n’t like .
Some may think just because Nvidia wanted to get stories before publication to editorially ‘ rightspeak ’ them , and Hardware Secrets refused , that they were banned .
Not so , and that is reported from personal experience .
Nvidia has a long checklist of what you should and should not write about .
When they send you a new card , they give you a reviewers guide that basically shows what you should test , what benchmarks you should use , and what OSes and drivers are recommended .
If you stray too far from those recommendations , or worse yet , do n’t say that PhysX or CUDA is the greatest thing on earth , you are on dangerous ground .
If you have the gall to say that a card is not absolutely and unquestionably better in every way than the competition , goodbye .
Of course they will spin it to any site that questions Nvidia about blacklisting as the person being “ unworkable ” or funded by ATI / Intel , but the truth is that if anyone is honest , it makes it very hard for them to spin their own curious version of the truth .
That makes Dear Leader sad , so it must be torpedoed .
Back to the GTX470 and GTX480 launch .
The list of who got cards was very select , and Hardware Secrets was not on it .
If you are not big enough or do n’t meet the suck - up requirements above , you did n’t get a card .
Those who did , and those who somehow managed to get around the Nvidia AIB blockade , were actively graded by Nvidia .
What did Nvidia want to know about ?
Here is their list of questions , PR was asked to fill this out for everyone who they sent samples to .
That will determine who gets immediately hit with the big green excrement cannon , and then is subsequently badmouthed in the background to the faithful fanbois .
In Nvidia ’s own words … …
Did they write that we have an architecture advantage ? ( Y/N )
GTX 480 Pricing ( Good , Too High , Too Low )
GTX 470 Pricing ( Good , Too High , Too Low )
Did they complain about power ?
Did they complain about noise ?
Did they complain about heat ?
Design Garage
Supersonic Sled
Water / Hair Testing
Unigine 2.0
MS DX11 SDK
Stone Giant
Folding@Home
Did they test with Catalyst AI On ? ( Y/N )
Did they call out AMD on their cheat ?
If yes , give link
It is pretty clear what Nvidia wants you to hear about , and how they explicitly want sites to attack ATI .
The whole ‘ ATI cheat ’ thing was manufactured by Nvidia and pushed really hard to sites that Nvidia thought were gullible enough to write it up .
They also wanted reviewers to push Unigine and Stone giant really hard , along with the F@H , all projects that Nvidia sponsors .
I wonder why ?
Also , note that when talking about power , heat and noise , Nvidia did not ask how the products fared , they asked if the sites complained about them .
It ’s almost like the company knew the power use , heat and noise were so far out of line it was ludicrous .
Nvidia also wanted sites to push their demos really hard for some reason , but nowhere did they ask about the card ’s performance .
Demos , PhysX and Cuda are all over the ‘ suggestions ’ as to what sites are ‘ recommended ’ to talk about with GTX470 and GTX480 reviews , performance is not .
In case you were wondering , there was a test after class , and Nvidia not only grades on a curve , but they play favorites .
Should you not hit the high points above , and are not ‘ too big to exclude ’ , you are blacklisted .
Please note that the list does include explicitly calling out ATI about points Nvidia fabricated and pushed .
Go back and re-read the questions , they are not nearly as innocent as they may seem .
Now do you understand why SemiAccurate can not work with Nvidia ?
Now do you understand why honest sites have a hard time with the company ?
If you still do n’t , or can say so publicly with a straight face , there are lots of jobs available for your particular skill set .
To call the company ’s behavior unethical and sleazy would be insulting to those who have achieved those goals .
Nvidia however is not competent enough to reach those lofty goals , but it is not for a lack of trying .
So , in the end , nothing really new .
Leaked memos , what Nvidia wants talked about for their new cards , and more sites blacklisted for honesty .
The more things change in Santa Clara , the more things stay the same .
That makes Dear Leader smile .
S|A
Warning : count ( ) : Parameter must be an array or an object that implements Countable in / nfs / c06/h07/mnt/89472/domains/ipadwatcher.com/html/wp-includes/class-wp-comment-query.php on line 405
Warning : count ( ) : Parameter must be an array or an object that implements Countable in / nfs / c06/h07/mnt/89472/domains/ipadwatcher.com/html/wp-includes/class-wp-comment-query.php on line 405
1 comment on Apr 25th , 2010 | : count ( ) : Parameter must be an array or an object that implements Countable inon line
With all the talk about tablets that so many manufacturers are supposedly just about to release to challenge the iPad , the question of just how do we compare these devices becomes an interesting one .
Not long ago I wrote a post where I made clear my belief that some of the tablets being discussed do n’t stand a chance against the iPad , but I am sure that eventually some companies are going to make decent competitors .
When those competitors become available , how will we compare devices ?
While I ’m sure that a lot of people are still going to be screaming about the heresy of not having USB ports in the iPad , most everyday users wo n’t really care about that .
How many gigabytes of storage the device has becomes almost irrelevant if most of them have more space than most regular people make use of .
When you have multiple companies producing tablets based on widely varying architectures we wo n’t be able to objectively compare them based on technical specifications because we can’t really know that an Atom processor running Windows 7 derivative will have comparable performance as when running an Android derivative .
We wo n’t be able to say if similar Android derivatives will perform better on Intel ’s Atom architecture or on an Arm processor .
How does a Windows CE based system running on a Cortex A8 compare to an Android system running on a slightly tweaked A8 or to iPhone OS running on Apple ’s A4 ( another Cortex A8 variant ) ?
In fact it might happen that a smaller footprint system will outperform one with a larger footprint running on a more powerful processor .
It might be that a combination of a tweaked processor , a fast graphics engine and optimized software might produce a better result for the end user than what we might generally consider a superior system based on technical specifications .
Apple at least seems to be betting on this , and doing pretty well so far .
When Steve Jobs introduced an iPod model saying that it would allow you to carry 1,000 songs in your pocket , he might just have been setting the tone for the future .
For most regular people it is n’t about the clock speed of the processor in a computer that matters , its what you can do with it and how well you can do with it .
Today , an iPad allows me to browse , email , read a book , read a newspaper , play some games and is sufficiently light that I can carry it with me all day without almost noticing it .
Perhaps in a couple of month ’s time we will have one or more competing devices that can do the same , but they will still need to match the iPad ’s speed .
I have n’t yet seen a Windows 7 equipped computer that would wake up as fast and an iPad , a Windows CE device certainly could as most Android based devices .
In the post -iPad tablet age that we are starting to enter the really relevant things will be what I can do , how easily and fast I can do it and for how long .
Right now the standard is being set by the iPad as it ’s iPhone OS brings to it all the expertise that Apple has been developing from its experiences with the iPhone and iPod Touch , for the past three years .
In future , I do n’t really think that it is going to be things like the number of USB ports that are going to make a difference on what most people decide to buy .
If a competing company , say Asus , could bring out a tablet running a Linux variation which did all that the iPad does and then some , it would stand a good chance to enter the game .
If the same device ran a variation of Android and could tap into the applications already being developed for that platform it would have a much better chance of staking out some market share .
That leads us to another item for comparison : available applications .
Right now Apple is way ahead in this game with an incredible number of applications available for the iPhone and iPod Touch and thousands of applications already available specifically for the iPad , a device that has n’t been in the market for a full month yet .
Google made the right move in creating a market for Android applications , and anyone else that hopes to compete in this arena will inevitably have to do the same as the availability of a good number of applications will certainly be another item of comparison in the future , with a much heavier weight than a specific technical aspect .
There are signs that this time of comparison might find its way to other types of computers as well .
While the first reports from Macworld say that Apple ’s claim to a 10 - hour battery life for the new 13 - inch MacBook Pro ’s does n’t stand the test of real life , it would seem that Apple has taken the first moves in taking this kind of comparison I ’m talking about to the world of notebooks .
Apple ’s tests are different from those that Macworld ran so we do n’t really know how distant the claim and reality are , but I think it is highly significant that Apple decided to retain the Core2 Duo processors for the 13 - inch Macbooks instead of going for an i3 processor .
Using the i3 processor would have forced them to use an Intel integrated graphics engine instead of the specially designed NVIDIA 320 M .
The combination of CPU and graphics engine for the 13 - inch MacBook Pros offer a significant increase in performance for the end user , possibly besting competing systems that use a newer Intel processor but a slower Intel graphics engine as well .
This might signal that Apple is comfortable enough with its brand strength and dominant position in the high - end notebook market to move away from a competition of processor models and speeds .
However you look at it seems that tech specs will have less and less meaning when regular users are considering which device to buy , giving more and more space to user perceived performance , capability , portability and possibly aesthetics .
* Image : Apple Inc .
Share this : Email
Print
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
More
Google
Reddit
Related Posts :
Adium is a free instant messaging application for Mac OS X that can connect to AIM , XMPP ( Jabber ) , ICQ , IRC and more .
Learn more about Adium ...
The Senate Republicans are refusing to allow a vote on the Merkley - Levin amendment , which would put a meaningful version of the Volcker Rule into law ( splitting off proprietary trading from major banks ) .
After weeks of dancing around , the Democrats finally have a signature issue on which to fight .
Senator Carl Levin frames it exactly right : “ It ’s a sad day when the power of Wall Street can overwhelm the power of the American people in the US Senate . ”
This is the opportunity that White House claims it has long sought – to have an intense fight on a financial reform issue that everyone can understand .
Paul Volcker made his determination long ago : the big banks are too big and must , in this fashion , be broken up .
Senators Merkley and Levin negotiated the precise language of their amendment in good faith .
The Republicans have made their answer clear : No way .
Time for President Obama to make the call .
Only the president can break through the daily logjam of information .
Only the president can define the issues in the simple , powerful and convincing terms that people can grasp .
Only the president can insist – this is a matter of urgent national priority .
The economic analysis ( Volcker ) , political back - story ( Brown - Kaufman and all that involved ) , and just the right rhetoric are already in place :
“ We got into this financial crisis because Wall Street set the rules to benefit itself , and now with an assist from Senate Republicans , they ’re doing it again , ” said Merkley .
“ Obviously the lobbyists are afraid they ’ll lose this vote , and in typical Wall Street fashion their solution , with help from Senate Republicans , is to rig the result .
Main Street is being shut out of this debate .
It is time to stop letting Wall Street call the shots – let this amendment have a vote . ”
“ The long arm of Wall Street reached directly into the Senate chamber today , ” Levin said .
“ By blocking us from even debating this amendment , the Republican leadership is carrying Wall Street ’s water and standing in the way of real reform . ”
This is a defining issue for the president .
Either he takes up the Volcker Rule – proposed by his administration , to great fanfare ( and some skepticism ) in January .
Or he rolls over – admitting that Wall Street has won .
We know where Goldman Sachs and its fellow travellers stand on this issue – adamantly and publicly opposed .
And we pointed out here in February which way the Republicans were likely to go .
“ But if you do n’t have the votes in the Senate , what can you do ? ”
This one is easy .
You stop the clock and put everything else on hold .
The president calls the American people to order and asks them to take a long hard look at the issues and the corporate interests at stake .
And then you start to pound away .
Day in and day out , the president and other leading members of his administration need to come out swinging with relentless pursuit of substance on TV talk shows and prime time speeches – demanding an up - or - down vote on Merkley - Levin .
Admittedly , this may be awkward for leading officials , who have been rather accommodative to financial interests over the past 15 months or so .
That ’s unfortunate ( for them ) , but now entirely water under the bridge .
All is forgiven to the policymaker who finally gets it and changes course in the right direction .
Do n’t move on .
Pick up the baseball bat that Paul Volcker has given you .
Either that or go down to the most embarrassing , humiliating , and memorable defeat in the history of Wall Street - Washington confrontations .
It ’s the president ’s call .
Between Nov. 1 and Dec. 31 , political action committees within the finance , insurance and real estate sector contributed $ 276,750 to eight House members at the center of a recently launched ethics probe investigating whether lawmakers received money in exchange for votes , the Center for Responsive Politics has found .
Nearly 40 percent of this sum came during the 10 days leading up to the floor vote on the Democrats ’ major Wall Street reform bill on Dec. 11 , the Center ’s analysis indicates .
The money went to either the candidates ’ campaign committees or leadership PACs .
According to The Hill , which on Monday broke the story of the probe , the Office of Congressional Ethics is seeking more details about campaign contributions and lobbyists ’ contributions to eight congressmen that sit either on the House Ways and Means Committee or House Financial Services Committee .
The probe is focused on this 10 - day period ahead of the House ’s floor vote on the measure , which ultimately passed 223-202 .
The congressional ethics watchdog ’s preliminary investigation seeks to determine whether lawmakers were influenced by campaign contributions during the debate on Wall Street reform legislation .
In addition to the contributions from firms ’
PACs , the Center found that individuals who work within the finance sector also contributed a combined $ 127,875 to these eight congressmen during November and December .
About one - quarter of this amount came during the 10 - day window ahead of the vote .
Contributions Nov. 1 – Dec. 31 Dec. 2 – Dec. 11 only % in 10 - day window From PACs $ 276,750 $ 105,500 38.1 % From Individuals $ 127,875 $ 32,925 25.7 % Total $ 404,625 $ 138,425 34.2 %
The members in question are : John Campbell ( R - Calif . ) , Joseph Crowley ( D - N.Y. ) , Jeb Hensarling ( R - Texas ) , Chris Lee ( R - N.Y. ) , Frank Lucas ( R - Okla . ) , Earl Pomeroy ( D - N.D. ) , Tom Price ( R - Ga. ) and Mel Watt ( D - N.C. ) .
No charges have been filed against any of these lawmakers .
Here ’s a breakdown of how much money from finance sector interests flowed to these eight members during this 10 - day period .
Member FIRE Contributions Jeb Hensarling ( R - Texas ) $ 30,900 John Campbell ( R - Calif . ) $ 27,300 Joseph Crowley ( D - N.Y . ) $ 23,500 Melvin Watt ( D - N.C. ) $ 22,000 Christopher Lee ( R - N.Y . ) $ 11,975 Earl Pomeroy ( D - N.D. ) $ 11,250 Tom Price ( R - Ga . ) $ 7,500 Frank Lucas ( R - Okla . ) $ 4,000
PACs and employees from more than 150 financial organizations steered contributions toward these eight members during November and December , the Center found .
PACs and employees associated with 61 financial companies made contributions to these members during the 10 - day period ahead of the financial reform vote , the Center found .
Here is a table of the 10 firms that donated the most to these eight members during that 10 - day period .
Company Total PricewaterhouseCoopers $ 10,500 Mastercard Inc. $ 10,000 KPMG International $ 10,000 Allianz $ 5,900 Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance $ 5,500 TCW Group $ 4,800 Western National Group $ 4,800 Accretive LLC $ 4,800 Goldman Sachs $ 4,500 Zurich Financial Services $ 3,500
Of the lawmakers who commented to The Hill , members described the investigation as “ routine ” and denied any wrongdoing .
All five Republicans named by The Hill voted against the financial regulatory reform measure on the floor in December , and all three Democrats voted to support it .
Center for Responsive Politics Senior Researcher Doug Weber contributed to this report .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : [ email protected ]
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
Support Accountability Journalism
At OpenSecrets.org we offer in - depth , money - in - politics stories in the public interest .
Whether you ’re reading about 2020 presidential fundraising , conflicts of interest or “ dark money ” influence , we produce this content with a small , but dedicated team .
Every donation we receive from users like you goes directly into promoting high - quality data analysis and investigative journalism that you can trust .
Please support our work and keep this resource free .
Thank you .
Support OpenSecrets ➜
Read more OpenSecrets News & Analysis :
the polish pavilion at shanghai expo 2010 image © designboom
the concept of the polish pavilion by WWA architects for the shanghai world expo 2010 is based around traditional polish folk art paper cut-outs , reinterpreted in a contemporary fashion .
the idea was generated when the team sought to create a ‘ cultural ideogram ’ that would signify the country of origin in an iconic way .
a ramp has been created by the folded exterior , which enables visitors to climb onto the roof of the building , making the entire building a functional exhibition space .
the polish pavilion
the outer layer of the pavilion is made of impregnated CNC plotter - cut plywood mounted on steel construction modules with a steel substructure .
both the exterior , entrance way surface and the interior of the pavilion is covered with impregnated wooden flooring .
the choice of materials and the character of construction were to a large extent dictated by the idea of possible future reclaiming and recycling of the pavilion structure or its parts , e.g. by reconstructing it in one of the polish cities after the expo has ended
image © designboom
view of swiss pavilion image © designboom
entrance into the pavilion image © designboom
entrance into the pavilion image © designboom
the partial roof created by the fold in the building , allows for shelter for the queues of visitors .
detail of the facade image © designboom
the interior – exhibition space
the interior design is a continuation of the architectural idea of the form of the building and the details of the facade .
the aesthetic concept of the pavilion is brought inside and the folk cut-outs lead the visitors through the entrance into the main hall , while transforming patterns , are continuously guiding them along the entire exhibition .
the interior – exhibition space
once dusk falls the structure acquires different colors according to the changes of light penetrating the cut - out patterns .
the polish pavilion at night
the polish pavilion at night
the polish pavilion at night
project info for polish pavilion designed by : WWAA marcin mostafa + natalia paszkowska client : polish agency for enterprise development collaboration : wojciech kakowski , buro happold area : 2400 sqm year : design 2007 ( competition first prize ) , construction 2010 budget : ca 11 000 000 pln
project info for exhibition inside polish pavilion designed by : boris kudlicka , marcin mostafa + natalia paszkowska ( wwaa ) client : polish agency for enterprise development area : ca 1500 sqm year : design 2009 , construction 2010 budget : ca 9 000 000 pln
" It is a proactive measure to stay on top of what has become an increasingly deteriorating situation , " Agostini said .
" In order to have a chance to end [ fiscal year ] ' 11 with a balanced budget and one that addresses our cash - flow needs , we felt it was prudent to get on top of that right away . "
POW Shocker Gloves : Inspired by Austin Hironaka , the Shocker was designed for summer snow conditions and lots of action .
The grip print illustrates the electrifying feel of the Shocker , while the stretch nylon allows good ventilation .
This year the fingers have been beefed up a bit to give you a longer lasting pair of gloves .
The Buddha is often quoted as saying he taught one thing : “ I teach suffering and the end of suffering . ”
Sounds kind of limiting and simplistic , no ?
Where ’s the joy and liberation in that ?
Since the First Noble Truth is the truth of suffering , and since this insight is so often misunderstood by non-Buddhists , and even many Buddhists , I thought I would share some insights on this “ first truth ” from some spiritual thinkers I admire .
To kick off this three - part series , here ’s an excerpt from Ken Wilber ‘s book No Boundary : Eastern and Western Approaches to Personal Growth .
As one would expect from Wilber , he gives a broad and comprehensive overview of how dissatisfaction with life — what the Buddha called dukkha — can open the door to spiritual discovery and freedom .
( I ’ve added some sub - heads to help with readability — except for “ The Start of Discovery ” these are my additions . )
The Start of Discovery
Ken Wilber
“ The movement of descent and discovery begins at the moment you consciously become dissatisfied with life .
Contrary to most professional opinion , this gnawing dissatisfaction with life is not a sign of “ mental illness , ” nor an indication of poor social adjustment , nor a character disorder .
For concealed within this basic unhappiness with life and existence is the embryo of a growing intelligence , a special intelligence usually buried under the immense weight of social shams .
A person who is beginning to sense the suffering of life is , at the same time , beginning to awaken to deeper realities , truer realities .
For suffering smashes to pieces the complacency of our normal fictions about reality , and forces us to become alive in a special sense–to see carefully , to feel deeply , to touch ourselves and our worlds in ways we have heretofore avoided .
It has been said , and truly I think , that suffering is the first grace .
In a special sense , suffering is almost a time of rejoicing , for it marks the birth of creative insight .
But only in a special sense .
Some people cling to their suffering as a mother to its child , carrying it as a burden they dare not set down .
They do not face suffering with awareness , but rather clutch at their suffering , secretly transfixed with the spasms of martyrdom .
Suffering should neither be denied awareness , avoided , despised , not glorified , clung to , dramatized .
The emergence of suffering is not so much good as it is a good sign , an indication that one is starting to realize that life lived outside unity consciousness is ultimately painful , distressing , and sorrowful .
Suffering Originates in False Boundaries
The life of boundaries is a life of battles –of fear , anxiety , pain and finally death .
It is only through all manner of numbing compensations , distractions , and enchantments that we agree not to question our illusory boundaries , the root cause of the endless wheel of agony .
But sooner or later , if we are not rendered totally insensitive , our defensive compensations begin to fail their soothing and concealing purpose .
As a consequence , we begin to suffer in one way or another , because our awareness is finally directed toward the conflict - ridden nature of our false boundaries and the fragmented life supported by them .
Suffering , then , is the initial movement of the recognition of false boundaries .
Correctly understood , it is therefore liberating , for it points beyond boundaries altogether .
We suffer , then , not because we are sick , but because intelligent insight is emerging .
The correct understanding of suffering , however , is necessary in order that the birth of insight is not aborted .
We must correctly interpret suffering in order to enter into it , live it , and finally live beyond it .
If we do not correctly understand suffering , we simply get stuck in the middle of it–we wallow in it , not knowing what else to do .
The “ doctors of the soul ”
Throughout humankind ’s history , various shamans , priests , sages , mystics , saints , psychologists , and psychiatrists have tried to point out the best ways to live suffering correctly so as to live beyond it .
They have confronted men and women with insights into their suffering so that , correctly understanding their suffering , they might go beyond it in freedom .
But the insights offered by the various doctors of the soul have not always been of the same nature .
In fact , these insights often drastically contradict each other .
The more ancient soul doctors advised us to contact God .
The modern soul doctors advise us to contact our unconscious .
The avant - garde soul doctors advice us to touch our bodies .
The clairvoyant soul doctors advise us to transcend our bodies .
Today , more than ever before , our doctors of the soul are in strident disagreement , and as a general result we are paralyzed in the middle of our own suffering , confused as to what it means , confused even about whom to ask what it means .
Frozen in our suffering , our deeper insights into reality do not and cannot emerge .
We cannot enter our suffering with awareness so as to liberate the insights hidden in it .
We cannot endure our suffering with fruitful results unless we know what it means , why it is occurring .
And we do n’t know what it means because we have no doctor of the soul whom we can truly and completely trust .
There was a time when we looked with innocent faith to a priest or sage or shaman as a soul doctor , and he or she aimed our awareness toward God .
In the last century , however , the priest was largely displaced by the psychiatrist as the authority to trust if one were really troubled , and this new priest aimed your awareness instead toward aspects of your own psyche .
Yet today trust in the psychiatrist is effective , and liberating therapies are emerging .
Our new doctors of the soul spring out of Esalen and Oasis and similar growth centers across the country , and they are revolutionizing the meaning of “ therapy ” by directing our awareness to the entire organism and not just the disembodied psyche .
We even see developing now the transpersonal soul doctor , who aims our awareness directly at supra-individual consciousness .
But , alas , since none of these doctors really agree with one another , whom does one believe ?
So , Who is right ?
Which doctor of the soul do we believe ?
One of the greatest problems with this general “ who ’s right ? ” controversy is that laypeople and professionals alike persistently tend to assume that these various soul doctors are approaching the human being from different angles .
But they are not .
Rather they are approaching different levels of human awareness from different angles .
Today we have no doctors of the soul whom we can wholeheartedly trust because we imagine they are all speaking about the same level of our consciousness .
They therefore seem to definitely contradict each other , at least in essentials , and we are caught in the contradiction .
Yet once we recognize the multi-leveled nature of human consciousness , once we understand that our being has many layers , then we can start to see that the various types of therapies are indeed different precisely because they are addressing these different layers of the soul .
Thus if we comprehend that the various soul doctors are validly addressing different levels of consciousness , we may be able to listen more openly to what any particular one has to say about his or her own special level .
And if we are suffering on that level , we can listen attentively to what they might tell us .
They will then likely help us see the meaning of our particular type of suffering , help us endure it with awareness and understanding and insight , and thus help us live beyond it … ”
Ken Wilber
The next posts in this three - part series are :
Dealing with Suffering * is* Spiritual Practice
with Daniel Ingram
and then :
The End of Suffering — The Bright Light at the End of the Tunnel
by Thanissaro Bhikkhu
♡♡♡
37.871593 -122.272747
The following was published in the March 2010 issue of Game Developer magazine …
As examined in Part I , a game ’s meaning springs from its mechanics and not necessarily from its theme , especially if the two are in conflict .
Such a dissonance can leave players feeling lost , perhaps even cheated .
Thus , designers should strive to keep the two in harmony .
At the very least , they should not be fighting each other .
When they do , the game ’s mechanics can actually undermine the theme that the designers want to deliver .
For example , Bioshock presents players with a true ethical choice – “ harvest ” Little Sisters by destroying them or “ rescue ” them by releasing their minds ?
The reward for harvesting is double Adam ( the game ’s genetic - modification currency ) , which tempts players to choose a morally disturbing path .
However , the game sprinkles other rewards on players who rescue Little Sisters , so that the ultimate difference between the two paths is negligible from a statistical perspective .
Players are told by the game ’s fiction that their choice matters – that they are making a sacrifice by deciding to rescue the little girls – but the game ’s mechanics tell them a different story .
Of course , when theme and mechanics are in conflict , players know which one actually matters , which one is actually telling them what the game is about .
Similarly , many traditional RPG ’s put the player in an odd position .
By giving the player an epic goal from the beginning ( “ Kill the evil wizard ! ” ) , the game casts him in the role of the world ‘s savior .
However , the actual gameplay involves roaming the countryside killing most of what falls in the player ’s path and looting everything else .
The story tells the player that he is a hero , but the game rewards him for being something else .
Richard Garriot directly attacked this dissonance when he designed Ultima IV , by making the game about achieving eight virtues instead of simply killing his way to a “ Foozle ” at the end .
A Perfect Union
Sometimes , a designer does achieve a perfect union of theme and mechanics .
One example is Dan Bunten ’s Seven Cities of Gold , the classic game of exploration .
Bunten lost his way one day while hiking in the Ozarks and imagined a game in which the player struggles to keep her bearings in an unfamiliar landscape .
From that seed , Bunten took the next step and chose a perfect theme – the age of the conquistadors , of Columbus , Cortez , and Pizarro , who were always partially lost – which provided wonderful raw background material with which to work .
Certain categories match theme and gameplay particularly well , including Wii games ( Wii Sports ) , music games ( Rock Band ) , tycoon games ( Railroad Tycoon ) , sports games ( Madden ) , flight sims ( Wings ) , and racing games ( Gran Turismo ) .
Notice that while these examples are based on real - world activities , which helps to keep the mechanics tied to the theme , a designer does not need to put verisimilitude above all else .
In fact , one could argue that Mario Kart is more truly about racing than Gran Turismo is – the former ’s rapid exchange of player position as shells fly around the track is perhaps closer to many players ’ ideal concept of racing than a stodgy simulation ’s more fixed positioning .
Put another way , which object is more about Guernica – a photograph of the city ’s ruins or Picasso ’s masterpiece of anguish ?
Further , great games can emerge when the theme simply provides an excuse to experiment with certain mechanics .
Left4 Dead is not really a game about zombies , after all – it ’s a game about teamwork .
The designers created each special zombies to encourage players to work together as a team – the hunter punishes loners , the tank requires concentrated fire , the witch demands close communication , and so on .
The zombie theme simply gave the designers a plausible backdrop in which they could experiment with game mechanics that encouraged teamwork over solo play .
Does Civilization Fail ?
The Civilization series provides an interesting study in the challenges inherent in trying to match theme with meaning .
The games are purportedly about the sweep of world history , but one does not have to play long before cracks start to show .
To begin , societal progress is constant throughout the game – the player ’s civilization can never fall into a dark age or split apart in a civil war .
The user community has dubbed this dynamic the “ Eternal China Syndrome . ”
The only entropy a player experiences comes from external invasion .
Indeed , the game actually provides a “ Start a Revolution ” button , so that the player can change government but only when convenient .
( I ’m sure Louis XVI would have appreciated such a system ! )
Indeed , all actions in the game are conducted top - down – the player is some strange combination of king , general , tycoon , and god .
The source of these conflicts with real history is the problem of player agency .
In order to be fun , the player needs to be in control .
Moreover , the consequence of each decision needs to be fair and clear , so that players can make informed choices , plan ahead , and understand their mistakes .
Real history , of course , is much messier and difficult to understand , let alone control .
In fact , the game ’s mechanics tell us less about world history than they do about what it would be like to be part of a league of ancient gods , who pit their subjects against each other for fun .
These immortal opponents , after all , are the only characters that can destroy the player .
The people themselves have little say in how history will develop .
However , player agency is actually a good thing ; indeed , it is at the very center of what makes games so powerful .
Perhaps some topics are simply too broad or vague or slippery to be addressed by a game ’s mechanics , and – sometimes – themes can just be themes , with the player knowingly entering a fantasy space that speaks not directly to the topic but to some other need or desire .
In the case of Civilization , the desire is to control history , which may not teach us much about it , but it is not without value .
Indeed , the game fares well when compared with other artistic disciplines .
Few works of art tackle the sweep of world history , and the ones that exist ( Birth of a Nation ) are often dangerous works of ideology .
Designers who care to make games that actually speak to us about history should focus on a specific era or event , such as Bunten ’s Seven Cities of Gold or Meier ’s Railroad Tycoon .
Put the player in the shoes of a flesh - and - blood person – let her explore the challenges and opportunities of the times but within mortal limits .
Why Theme Matters
Although a game ’s theme and mechanics can tell different stories , society at large does not understand that there is a difference between the two , and if the theme is appalling to the mainstream , a good game can be unfairly tarred .
For example , Grand Theft Auto has a theme of crime and urban chaos , but the game is actually about freedom and consequence .
Every crime increases the player ’s notoriety , which can end the game if the police send enough firepower .
Nonetheless , to the mainstream , GTA was simply about killing hookers and running over pedestrians – for outsiders , the game could n’t be “ about ” anything else .
Players , however , understood that the game was giving them something different – an open - world in which their decisions actually mattered .
Consequence was the true killer feature .
Crackdown provides an interesting contrast in that it delivers the same open - world simulation with consequence as GTA but with a theme ( fighting crime as a super - cop ) much more palatable to the average person .
Rockstar may have record sales to show for their work , but designers who believe they have a responsibility to society at large should take note that the criminal theme was not inevitable .
Today , many designers strive to achieve two worthy goals – reaching a mass audience and creating great art .
However , both are at risk if theme and mechanics are in dissonance .
The average consumer , who is not highly literate in the standard tropes of game design , expects video games to be about whatever is on the cover .
Pulling a bait - and - switch – or simply not thinking critically about the lessons that a game actually teaches – will only turn new players away .
As for the question of art , one must first recognize that many great works of art are abstract .
Lyrics may give some meaning to a song , but a symphony is generally meant to be interpreted and enjoyed however the listener prefers .
Similarly , games can stand on their own without specific themes – Tetris being the obvious example .
Furthermore , even a pasted - on theme can work if the designers are not promising more than the game can deliver – San Juan and Race for the Galaxy are both brilliant , yet similar , card - based adaptations of Puerto Rico .
That one is set in the Caribbean and the other in outer space is not a problem as the games are clearly not marketed as re-creations or simulations .
The theme simply adds flavor .
However , great art never has theme and meaning in open conflict , in the way many games do .
Othello is actually about the “ green - eyed monster ” of jealousy and not just the life of a Moor in the 16th - century Venetian military , but the latter does not detract from the former .
Can the same be said about Bioshock ?
About Spore ?
About Civilization ?
These games do claim to be about something – do their mechanics tell the same story ?
To touch people , the play itself needs to deliver on the theme ’s promise .
Protect the environment and reclaim your hydrocarbon polluted areas with the S - 200 family of products , the ecologically friendly bioremediation technology offered by IEP .
The S - 200 family of products accelerates the indigenous microorganisms that remediate hydrocarbon pollution .
The S - 200 family of products is a natural , non toxic , oleophylic fertilizer that is only accessible to the desired microorganisms that transform hydrocarbons into water and carbon dioxide .
Whether it is diesel fuel spills on railroad tracks , sludge pits at oil refineries , oil spillage generated during production , transportation , or storage , coastal or inland waterway hydrocarbon spills or routine maintenance for treatment of oil residues and marine bilges , the S - 200 family of products offers a cost - effective , natural solution .
Istanbul
Turkey is a country that had me at hello .
I like the people , the culture , the food and , most of all , the idea of modern Turkey  the idea of a country at the hinge of Europe and the Middle East that manages to be at once modern , secular , Muslim , democratic , and has good relations with the Arabs , Israel and the West .
After 9/11 , I was among those hailing the Turkish model as the antidote to “ Bin Ladenism . ”
Indeed , the last time I visited Turkey in 2005 , my discussions with officials were all about Turkey ’s efforts to join the European Union .
That is why it is quite shocking to come back today and find Turkey ’s Islamist government seemingly focused not on joining the European Union but the Arab League  no , scratch that , on joining the Hamas - Hezbollah - Iran resistance front against Israel .
Now how did that happen ?
Wait one minute , Friedman .
That is a gross exaggeration , say Turkish officials .
You ’re right .
I exaggerate , but not that much .
A series of vacuums that emerged in and around Turkey in the last few years have drawn Turkey ’s Islamist government  led by Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan ’s Justice and Development Party  away from its balance point between East and West .
This could have enormous implications .
Turkey ’s balancing role has been one of the most important , quiet , stabilizers in world politics .
You only notice it when it is gone .
Being in Istanbul convinces me that we could be on our way to losing it if all these vacuums get filled in the wrong ways .
Professional Edition Rumours False , No LAN Planned
Rumors of a professional edition for StarCraft 2 were spread across the internet hours after June 24th when Blizzard held a special reveal in South Korea .
This reveal was of plans for scholarships , a big portrait of Jim Raynor over two 747s , but no plan for a professional StarCraft 2 edition that included LAN .
According to Blizzard reps there is no plan for LAN or a professional StarCraft 2 edition .
This brings an abrupt end to the rumours that had been circulating around the internet for the past few days .
There will be no LAN and no professional edition for StarCraft 2 .
What can be confirmed is that Blizzard is that there will be a post - launch patch that will address tournament functionality soon after release .
This patch will have features that address the needs of location - based professional tournaments .
The reveal was made on June 24th that Blizzard had made plans with close sponsorships from various companies such as Korean Air .
This included two 747s that would fly regular flights domestically and internationally around the world .
The rumour of a professional edition that included LAN for Korean tournaments was soon spread around the community .
GosuGamers.net had reported this as true , but had made an error in doing so and apologizes for this mistake .
BigDownload.com - Source GosuGamers.net - Original Post
Authorities say California artist Thomas Kinkade spent a night in jail after being arrested on suspicion of drunken driving .
California Highway Patrol officials said Monday that Kinkade was pulled over outside Carmel and arrested by a CHP officer just after 10 p.m. Friday
CHP Officer Robert Lehman says the 52 - year - old Kinkade was booked into the Monterey County Jail on suspicion of misdemeanor drunken driving .
He was released Saturday morning .
Kinkade is famous for his paintings of cottages , country gardens and churches in dewy morning light .
The Thomas Kinkade Co. said in a statement it was reviewing the allegation .
The company noted it was n't speaking on behalf of the artist , and said Kinkade has been advised by his lawyer not to comment .
IN PICTURES : Thomas Kinkade
RELATED :
Supreme Court declines to set rule on drunk driving stops
Binge drinking spreads to Italy
Colleges take on drinking age
Brazil alcohol ban hard for retailers to swallow
Get More Exposure For Your Yard Sale
Why pay money to be in the newspaper when we bring local people to you for free ?
Create your FREE listing Today on our site and start getting free exposure for your yard sale to make it a sucess .
" This trilogy is about this young generation , this new generation , having to deal with all the debt that has come before .
And it 's the sins of the father , and it's the wisdom and the accomplishments of those who did great things , but it's also those who committed atrocities , and the idea that this group is up against this unspeakable evil and are they prepared ?
Are they ready ?
What have they learned from before ?
It ’s less about grandeur .
It 's less about restoring an old age .
It 's more about preserving a sense of freedom and not being one of the oppressed . "
― J.J. Abrams
The sequel trilogy is the third installment of films of the Star Wars saga to be produced .
It begins thirty years after the ending of Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Jedi and focuses around a conflict between the First Order , a military state and successor to the Galactic Empire , and the Resistance , a military group formed to oppose the First Order .
The films are produced by Lucasfilm President Kathleen Kennedy , with Bad Robot Productions having also helped produce The Force Awakens .
The trilogy features the return of classic Star Wars characters Luke Skywalker , Leia Organa , Han Solo , Chewbacca , R2 - D2 , and C - 3PO , as well as a host of new characters , primarily focusing on the Force - sensitive scavenger Rey , the deserter First Order stormtrooper Finn and Kylo Ren , the son of Leia Organa and Han Solo who is the master of the Knights of Ren and who had fallen into the dark side of the Force .
Rumors of a sequel trilogy had been talked about for decades , ever since George Lucas , the creator of Star Wars , stated that he had plans for films that would take place after the original Star Wars trilogy .
As the canon saga developed , however , Lucas denied that a sequel trilogy would ever be made , stating that Star Wars was the story of Anakin Skywalker and that his story ended in Return of the Jedi .
The development of the sequel trilogy was made official on October 30 , 2012 , when The Walt Disney Company announced that it was acquiring Lucasfilm from Lucas and that they would be producing new Star Wars films beginning in 2015 .
Although Lucas has retired , he continues to serve as a creative consultant on the films .
Contents show ]
Development
Early plans and abandonment
" The prequel stories exist — where Darth Vader came from , the whole story about Darth and Ben Kenobi — and it all takes place before Luke was born .
The other one — what happens to Luke afterward — is much more ethereal .
I have a tiny notebook full of notes on that .
If I 'm really ambitious , I could proceed to figure out what would have happened to Luke . "
― George Lucas , around the release of The Empire Strikes Back
Ideas for a Star Wars sequel trilogy were in place as early as 1976 , during the filming of Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope , the first produced film in the franchise , known at the time simply as Star Wars .
Mark Hamill , who starred as Luke Skywalker in the film , recounted that George Lucas , the director of A New Hope , asked if Hamill would be interested in appearing in Star Wars : Episode IX in 2011 , when Lucas assumed such a film would be made .
According to Lucas , Skywalker would " be like Obi-Wan Kenobi handing the lightsaber down to the next generation . "
TIME magazine also reported in 1978 , after the success of A New Hope , that Lucas would produce a sequel to A New Hope and then ten additional films , for a total of four Star Wars trilogies .
These early ideas did not reflect the final version of the saga , however ; according to Jonathan W. Rinzler , " the original trilogy occupied Episodes VI , VII , and VIII ; a Clone Wars trilogy took up Episodes II , III , and IV , while Episode I was a ' prelude , ' Episodes IX through XI were simply left blank – and Episode XII was the ' conclusion . ' " [ 19 ]
As the saga developed after the success of A New Hope , these plans began to change .
Lucas stated in 1979 that there would be three trilogies , plans he continued to talk about into the 1980s .
Lucas described the potential sequels as being " what happens to Luke " after the original trilogy , and that it would be " much more ethereal " and " ambitious . "
By the time Lucas produced Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Jedi , the final film of the original trilogy , he no longer had plans to produce a sequel trilogy , stating that the " next trilogy will be someone else 's vision " . [ 19 ]
Several plot points had been discussed for the sequel trilogy that were eventually condensed into Return of the Jedi .
According to Gary Kurtz , the producer of A New Hope and Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back , the creative team had discussed the sequels showing Luke Skywalker 's new life with the Jedi , finding his long - lost sister — at the time , Leia Organa was not Skywalker 's sister — [ 20 ] and a final confrontation with the Emperor . [ 21 ]
On the other hand , author Dale Pollock stated that , based on the plot outlines he was allowed to read , the sequel trilogy would have involved the adventures of Luke Skywalker on his 30s or 40s but with the role being recast , as Mark Hamill 's performance reportedly left George Lucas unsatisfied . [ 22 ]
As the years progressed , and the saga continued to evolve to include a prequel trilogy and the Star Wars : The Clone Wars animated film and subsequent television series , it appeared that Lucas had finally abandoned plans for the sequel trilogy .
At Celebration II , producer Rick McCallum confirmed at a Q&A that they would not be working on the sequel trilogy . [ 23 ]
In 2008 , Lucas told The LA Times that there would not be a story beyond Return of the Jedi because " the movies were the story of Anakin Skywalker and Luke Skywalker , and when Luke saves the galaxy and redeems his father , that 's where that story ends . "
He also cited the Expanded Universe — now known as the non-canon Star Wars Legends — as the stories that , despite his lack of involvement in them , continued the saga after Return of the Jedi . [ 24 ]
In 2012 , Lucas also cited the critical reaction from some Star Wars fans towards the prequel trilogy as another reason he did not intend to create the sequel trilogy . [ 25 ]
Disney and the sequel trilogy
" For the past 35 years , one of my greatest pleasures has been to see Star Wars passed from one generation to the next .
It 's now time for me to pass Star Wars on to a new generation of filmmakers .
I 've always believed that Star Wars could live beyond me , and I thought it was important to set up the transition during my lifetime .
I 'm confident that with Lucasfilm under the leadership of Kathleen Kennedy , and having a new home within the Disney organization , Star Wars will certainly live on and flourish for many generations to come .
Disney 's strength gives Lucasfilm the opportunity to blaze new trails in film , television , interactive media , theme parks , live entertainment , and consumer products . "
― George Lucas
In 2011 , Robert Iger , CEO of The Walt Disney Company , began discussing with Lucas the possibility of Disney acquiring Lucasfilm .
Lucas was not yet ready to pursue the possibility of retirement or selling the company , but he had considered it and told Iger he would talk to him at the right time — which was important to Iger , who had already acquired Pixar and Marvel and now wanted to add Star Wars into the Disney organization .
Lucas began putting plans in place for his transition out of the company , including the hiring of Kathleen Kennedy as his successor .
To make a potential acquisition deal more valuable , Lucasfilm began the early development of Episodes VII , VIII , and IX , and hired writer Michael Arndt to begin working on VII .
Lawrence Kasdan , who co-wrote the screenplays for Episodes V and VI , was brought on as a consultant , while Lucas spoke to Hamill , Harrison Ford , and Carrie Fisher about potentially reprising their roles as Luke Skywalker , Han Solo , and Princess Leia . [ 26 ]
At some point during the buying process before , Lucas completed the outlines for the three movies and agreed to send them to Iger , CLO Alan Braverman and CCO Alan F. Horn , who bought them all yet affirmed that they would not be contractually obliged to use them although they would be open to using his ideas , leading Lucas to feel disappointed when Kennedy , Arndt , and Iger reunited at Skywalker Ranch and told him their own ideas for Episode VII . [ 27 ]
The stories focused on a group of young characters , [ 28 ] most notably a scavenger named Kira — who finds a map in the submerged ruins of the second Death Star .
She follows the map to another planet , where she finds Luke Skywalker living in seclusion in a Jedi temple .
At first , he is in a dark state of mind , but slowly returns to his old self . [ 29 ] [ 30 ]
Luke would 've survived until Episode IX and trained Leia in the Force . [ 31 ] [ 32 ]
A major plot point would 've involved the Whills . [ 33 ] [ 34 ]
The idea of the son of one of the original protagonists ' falling to the dark side of the Force was always in the mix — reportedly seduced by Darth Talon , a character from the Dark Horse Comics ' Star Wars : Legacy comic book . [ 35 ]
As Lucas later told Stephen Colbert : " The original saga was about the father , the children , and the grandchildren .
I do n't think that 's a secret to anybody — that 's in the novels — and the children were in their 20s and everything . " ... " But they 've taken it in a different direction , and I 'm excited — they did n't use my story , so I do n't know what they 're doing . " [ 36 ] [ 37 ]
However , according to Kennedy , " It was really much more to do with the specifics of the history of the saga .
We changed the order of a few things , let 's put it that way .
We did n't make some wholesale change . " [ 38 ]
Lucas finally contacted Iger in June 2012 , at which point the two companies entered into five months of acquisition negotiations .
Lucas worked to ensure that key Lucasfilm personnel would be able to stay on in order to market the new Star Wars films , though Iger stressed that Disney would have final say over future movies .
Lucas agreed , despite his reservations about losing control , and initially did not turn over his outlines for the sequel trilogy .
He finally presented the stories once some of his concerns were assuaged , and Disney agreed that the stories had potential . [ 26 ]
The acquisition was announced on October 30 , 2012 .
In addition to the acquisition , Disney announced that it would be producing the sequel trilogy , that Episode VII would be executive produced by Kennedy and released in 2015 , and that Lucas would serve as a creative consultant on the films . [ 7 ]
During a concert with the Young Musician 's Foundation Debut Orchestra on February 9 , 2013 , composer John Williams voiced his desire to write the musical scores for all three films of the sequel trilogy . [ 39 ]
Williams was officially confirmed to return in July 2013 .
[ 8 ]
Star Wars Insider 144 implied that he would score the entire " new Star Wars trilogy , " [ 40 ] but Lucasfilm clarified that he had only been confirmed for Episode VII at the time . [ 41 ]
Initial reports claimed that Kasdan and Simon Kinberg would co-produce all three films of the trilogy , and share writing responsibilities for Episodes VIII and IX . [ 42 ] [ 1 ]
However , in February 2013 , Disney announced that Kasdan and Kinberg were working on standalone films , not saga films . [ 43 ]
Later that year , it was announced that Episode VII would be directed by J.J. Abrams , [ 1 ] and that Arndt had exited as screenwriter and been replaced by Abrams and Kasdan . [ 6 ]
In 2014 , the release date of the film was announced as December 18 , 2015 , and production on the film commenced in May 2014 . [ 18 ]
Hamill , Ford , and Fisher were confirmed to return to their original roles , as were Peter Mayhew as Chewbacca , Anthony Daniels as C - 3PO , and Kenny Baker as R2 - D2 .
New actors include John Boyega , Daisy Ridley , Adam Driver , Oscar Isaac , Andy Serkis , Domhnall Gleeson , Max von Sydow , [ 44 ] Lupita Nyong'o , Gwendoline Christie , [ 45 ] Crystal Clarke , and Pip Andersen .
Kennedy offered Abrams the opportunity to direct all three films , but he declined , feeling overwhelmed . [ 47 ]
In June 2014 , it was revealed that Rian Johnson would write and direct Episode VIII , as well as write a story treatment for Episode IX . [ 3 ]
With the sequel trilogy , Kennedy wanted to replicate how the original trilogy was produced , in that each film had a different director who could apply their personal vision . [ 48 ]
Unlike previous Star Wars trilogies , a series of Anthology Series were also planned to be released between the " saga " films — with the first of these , Rogue One : A Star Wars Story , released on December 16 , 2016 , being about a band of rebels stealing the plans for the first Death Star .
Unlike main installments , these films take place across the Star Wars timeline and have a different tone than the main saga films , with Rogue One being described as a " war film . " [ 49 ]
Colin Trevorrow was originally hired to direct and co-write Episode IX .
His script , dated December 2016 , was entitled Duel of the Fates . [ 50 ] [ 51 ]
However , Trevorrow had departed the project by September 2017 , [ 52 ] and was replaced by The Force Awakens director / co - writer JJ Abrams . [ 2 ]
Abrams ' film , The Rise of Skywalker , differs significantly from Duel of the Fates , but uses elements from that script . [ 53 ]
Films
Legacy
" The future of interconnected storytelling will allow fans to explore this galaxy in deeper ways than ever before . "
― Kathleen Kennedy
On April 25 , 2014 , Lucasfilm announced that the filmmakers of The Force Awakens and the sequel trilogy would not be required to follow the post–Return of the Jedi story that was developed in the Star Wars Expanded Universe , a decision made in order to maximize their creative freedom .
The announcement cited Episodes I through VI , as well as The Clone Wars , as Lucas ' vision and the " immovable objects of Star Wars history , the characters and events to which all other tales must align , " while the Expanded Universe would no longer be considered canon .
The Expanded Universe was re-branded as Star Wars Legends .
Despite its non-canon status , past Legends stories remain in print under the new Legends banner .
Some elements of the Legends stories have also been retained and used in new stories , such as the animated television series Star Wars Rebels . [ 54 ]
With the decision made to accommodate the story of the sequel trilogy , Lucasfilm further decided that all future Star Wars stories would be considered canon and would fit consistently with one another .
The company formed the Lucasfilm Story Group in order to coordinate the development of Star Wars stories and ensure that they align with one another . [ 54 ]
Future of Star Wars
" The company intends to put out a new Star Wars movie every year for as long as people will buy tickets .
Let me put it another way :
If everything works out for Disney , and if you are ( like me ) old enough to have been conscious for the first Star Wars film , you will probably not live to see the last one .
It ’s the forever franchise . "
―WIRED editor Adam Rogers
In a January 2016 interview to the BBC , Disney chairman Bob Iger stated that the company planned to deliver space opera installments " well beyond " Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker and its release in 2019 , saying , “ [t ] here will be more after that .
I do n't know how many ; I do n't know how often . ” [ 55 ]
It was revealed by Bob Iger on November 9 , 2017 , during a Disney quarterly earnings call that a fourth trilogy has been confirmed and is being written and directed by The Last Jedi director Rian Johnson .
The trilogy is set to explore new areas in Star Wars lore unrelated to the Skywalker saga . [ 56 ]
Additionally , a live - action series , [ 57 ] The Mandalorian , [ 58 ] was released on Disney 's new online streaming service Disney + , airing on November 12 , 2019 . [ 57 ]
Bibliography
Notes and references
We got up pretty close to the iPhone 4 's retina display in our review , but we can't say we got quite as close as PhD candidates Ryan White and Bryan Gauntt of Penn State University , who have kindly provided us with some images of the screen under a microscope ( along with an iPhone 3G for comparison ) .
According to their measurements , the iPhone 3 G 's pixels measure 13 x 40 microns , while the iPhone 4's measure 6.5 x 20 microns , which adds up to exactly four times as many pixels .
As impressive as sounds that sounds , however , it 's the pictures that really tell the story -- hit up the gallery below to check them out .
by Robert Martin on June 27 , 2010
When modern society views reality , it views reality with a bias – through a solipsistic , socialized filter .
The information that our minds accept is filtered from nature and fed to the brain , we then represent these interpretations as social values , and those which spread collectively is our culture whether great or not .
The thing with modern culture , to me I am consistently disgusted at what is passed around as culture .
To see a fake culture and dumbed down population , their surrogates , the little brand logos these creatures stamp on their lifeless creations – to see these things is to observe the destruction of the ground they walk upon , to then instead create something completely horrid and disgusting out of the richness of life that had previously lived there .
Those who are not within this layer of existence – those who are aware of more noble senses can find this distasteful , those who revere nature are disgusted by the second rate falseness of it all ; to enjoy so is like turning the body inside - out , turning the mind and consciousness inside out and sputtering its bloody flesh and sickening internal mechanisms outside upon the whole world and in doing so creating such a stench that corrupts and decays every first rate entity into another symbolic surrogative taint .
A sensual stench to me represents this complete environment society has trapped itself within , the majority of people unfortunately are weak imbeciles who sit and watch a mechanical television , entertaining a placid and docile mind , sheltering and swamping the conditions of life , swampifying a stench , mutating noble species into blood sucking insects about their living conditions , these are too comfortable living conditions .
This is not the finale of evolution ; is it our fate to devolve smaller and fatter , into insolence and materialism ?
No , not if we can do anything about it .
Humanity must travel further up the mountain of evolution to where the cold kills off those insects , to the flare of ice and freezing air .
To the chill of fresh ice , on their own , no disease , bloody bug or viral organism can survive the frozen heights for long , proles perish outside of the swamp , needing constant supplies of water just to stay alive , unable to survive beyond the environmental limitations .
To the heights , it is the path less travelled and is not easy , the path that throws an avalanche onto the disgusting bugs beneath it , to a higher ecological niche where there is more space to further our evolution because we do not all wish to be equal and marginally diverse like little insects .
There are higher paths to where longer lives are evolved above the cradles from which they came from , onwards to harsher worlds and harsher dimensions .
Where ever the conditions of living are too favourable – there millions of little creatures quite happy with an odd existence can and are being evolved .
In nature where ever the nutrients , water and solar prerequisites are at high compositions there becomes such an abundance of simple organisms that it swamps the landscape .
To swamp is to multiply in quantity creating an abundance of living things , usually slimey and unconcerned with greater creatures .
Thus a great foundation for an extremely diverse evolutionary environment set to a stupified pace with odd evolutionary competition , too dense for true speciation –
It is no place for solitude if you are a small crawling creature , trying to escape the frenzy of a heated up , almost too favourable living conditions .
Humanity has been swamping for generations ; and through the decay of every civilization comes the flood , to swamp with its slimey mediocrity a billion living things that do n’t really do much except live for themselves .
They know nothing of seasons , what if this swamp is seasonal ?
If it is , which it is certain due to the fall in intelligence , soon they will face the drought .
Only the hardy will survive , only those who want to survive are truly able to survive .
To areas of the universe where life has evolved intelligence and finds itself on a death march toward ecocide , there you may well find a swamping effect of the civilized creatures , the swamping of civilization .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
There is nothing quite like playoff overtime .
Whenever I see overtime in football or international hockey , I dread the shootout throughout .
The ultimate resolution in the biggest game being something completely different from the game itself .
It 's rather unsatisfying , though given this particular Flyers ' team , I 'm sure some fans will disagree .
At any rate , in the NHL playoffs the team game stays that way throughout and those guys will damn well play until someone scores a fucking goal .
It 's awesome .
Some of my very best memories of hockey fandom come from playoff overtime .
Buchberger sealing the 4 - 3 comeback over Dallas in ' 97 .
Cujo and Marchant in Game Seven that same year .
Roloson on Cheechoo in '06 .
" Time to kill now . "
Last night it was Claude Giroux 's moment and even though it 's not my moment , it will be an important time of joy in the collective memory of thousands of Flyers ' fans for as long as they care to remember .
For the fans in Chicago , if the Hawks lose this series , they wo n't be able to help but remember .
You can want to forget ... but you can't .
It just lives on and on .
And it will live on for Joel Quenneville the most .
He 's the man that ordered the change if that Bolland line did n't get the right matchup .
He likely did n't intend for them to come off as the Flyers rushed the puck up the ice after winning the draw but that 's exactly what Kris Versteeg and Tomas Kopecky did , the buffoons .
Six perfect passes and it was in the back of the net .
Scoring chances and more after the jump .
For those who'd like a definition : a scoring chance is defined as a clear play directed toward the opposing net from a dangerous scoring area - loosely defined as the top of the circle in and inside the faceoff dots , though sometimes slightly more generous than that depending on the amount of immediately - preceding puck movement or screens in front of the net .
Blocked shots are generally not included but missed shots are .
A player is awarded a scoring chance anytime he is on the ice and someone from either team has a chance to score .
He is awarded a " chance for " if someone on his team has a chance to score and a " chance against " if the opposing team has a chance to score .
And , of course , a big thanks to Vic Ferrari for making the whole damn thing possible with his awesome scripts .
After one game I was surprised .
And then I was surprised again .
And now I 've been surprised for a third time .
For three consecutive games , the Flyers have outchanced the Blackhawks by a 4:3 margin or better .
For three consecutive games the Flyers have n't looked out of place .
In fact , for three consecutive games , the Flyers have been the better team everywhere except between the pipes .
And last night , they even managed to win the game !
Patrick Kane 's goal to open the third period could have been a dagger to the heart but the goal seemed to instead give the Flyers new life .
After responding with a goal of their own , the Flyers prevented Chicago from generating a single dangerous shot that actually required a save from Michael Leighton .
Ridiculous .
On top of that , they generated a bunch of chances themselves - the puck does need to be somewhere after all - and eventually capitalized by scoring in overtime .
And when that was disallowed , they went out and scored again .
The even strength chances with the score tied now stand at 28 - 21 in favour of the Flyers through three games .
Every time I look at those numbers , I 'm surprised anew .
The Hawks had best get it together if they plan on winning this thing .
As I said in the opening , Joel Quenneville was crazy about getting his matchups .
Considering the depth of his lineup , the dude should probably lay off the gas a little , especially since it seemed like the Flyers wanted to get Briere on Bolland and Richards on Toews which leaves Marian Hossa and Patrick Sharp to dance .
That 's not what I would have done in Laviolette 's shoes but it's what he went with .
Why is that so bad for Chicago ?
My best guess is that Quenneville does n't trust the Kane - Toews - Byfuglien group to take on the best the other team has to offer , which is just a little bit baffling to me given Toews ' role at the Olympics .
I guess Patrick Kane and Dustin Byfuglien just are n't as good as I thought they were .
The Sons of Light
3. Scott Hartnell -
He was such a fun player to watch .
I do n't normally put a lot of stock in " hits " as a skill but the players that do it are a lot more fun for fans and often they also exhibit the strong - along - the - boards physicality that I think really helps to win games , which is what I saw from Hartnell tonight .
In addition to being the " energy " player extraordinaire , Hartnell added a beautiful assist on the first power play goal and scored the second power play goal himself .
2. Duncan Keith - Holy mackerel !
This series has a lot of good defensemen !
There were more than a few times when he was scrambling to get back into position but I thought he was clearly the Hawks ' best player in defeat .
Much like Pronger in Game One , the EV chances with Keith on and off the ice tell a story : +8 - 7 with Keith on the ice and +4 - 9 with him on the bench .
Again , like Pronger in Game One , Keith dominated on the Corsi board , registering a team high +13 ( the next closest Hawk was partner Brent Seabrook 's + 7 ) .
Watching first the Olympics and then these playoffs , I 've been privileged to see a lot of really good Canadian defenders up close : Drew Doughty , Duncan Keith , Brent Seabrook , Chris Pronger , Dan Boyle .
It 's my view that Doughty , Keith and Pronger are well clear of those other two but I have a hard time picking a favourite out of those last three .
If forced to pick just one for one game , today I 'd go with Keith .
1. Ville Leino -
He had a truly outstanding game .
The goal he scored was a gift from both the hockey gods and Patrick Sharp but there were many other times during the game when he was able to create something from nothing .
My favourite play from Leino came on the power play to start the second period .
After dancing with the puck toward the center of the ice and drawing the goaltender with him , he laid the puck back to Mike Richards for a glorious scoring chance .
Richards missed the net but it was a great play to watch .
The guy played the most sheltered 23:12 you can imagine - he led the Flyer forwards in ice time and had zero DZ draws at evens - but he made the most of it , leading the team in Corsi by a mile ( +14 ) and turning that territorial advantage into chances .
The Sons of Darkness
3. Patrick Sharp -
Sharp spent more of this game up against Briere 's line than he did in Chicago and the results were n't nearly as pretty .
Sharp ended the night +1 - 4 in scoring chances against Briere and made a really poor decision on the third Flyer goal .
Each of the defenders had targeted one player in a three - on - three situation , leaving the extra man ( Leino ) for Sharp .
Sharp obviously did n't see that because he left Leino alone .
Of course , Leino scored into the wide open net and the game was tied .
One of many Hawks who simply need to be better .
2. Dan Carcillo -
The minor penalty he took was in the first was in competition for the second worst call of the night but even setting that aside Carcillo was n't very good .
He was already bageled on the chances and his biggest goof of the evening .
As the defenders went for a change Carcillo turned the puck - over carrying it across the blueline only to have his bacon saved by Chris Pronger who managed to beat Patrick Kane to the puck and prevent the breakaway .
Clearly , Pronger is faster than he gets credit for .
1. Dave Bolland -
He did get the defensive zone draws in Game Three .
Quenneville was trying his absolute best to get the Bolland v. Richards match - up and to facilitate that , Bolland was sent out exclusively for defensive and neutral zone draws ( 10 DZ draws , 12 NZ draws and 0 OZ draws ) but even still , those are some pretty awful numbers .
It 's a cruel twist for the Blackhawks that , as Quenneville got his preferred matchup more and more often as the game went on , it led his team to worse results : Bolland was +1 - 5 head - to - head against Richards including +1 - 4 in the third period and overtime .
Even when Quenneville " won " the match game , he still lost .
I ’ve recently begun reading Cosmos by Carl Sagan ( Amazon|UK ) , which is well overdue since the accompanying TV series has been my favourite piece of television since I was in primary school .
While reading Chapter 2 , “ One Voice in the Cosmic Fugue , ” where he ’s talking about evolution using his work with Nobel laureate H.J. Muller ( discoverer of X - ray mutagenesis ) and Drosophila melanogaster fruit flies as an example , a paragraph just jumps out at you :
The secrets of evolution are death and time — the deaths of enormous numbers of lifeforms that were imperfectly adapted to the environment ; and time for a long succession of small mutations that were by accident adaptive , time for the slow accumulation of patterns of favorable mutations .
Part of the resistance to Darwin and Wallace derives from our difficulty in imagining the passage of the millennia , much less the aeons .
What does seventy million years mean to beings who live only one - millionth as long ?
We are like butterflies who flutter for a day and think it is forever .
What a magnificent turn of phrase .
It sums up what we know of artificial and natural selection , underlines the breakthrough of its realisation , and wraps it into a beautiful philosophical illustration .
Knowing the TV series as I do , I ’m looking forward to many more stand - out pieces such as this during my journey through the Cosmos , as it were .
If you ’re good , I may even share them with you …
American actor and staunch Republican Jon Voight has submitted a public letter to The Washington Times , in which he accused President Barack Obama of putting Israel in harm 's way and promoting anti-Semitism across the world .
" You will be the first American president that lied to the Jewish people , and the American people as well , when you said that you would defend Israel , the only Democratic state in the Middle East , against all their enemies , " wrote Voight , who last year called Obama a false prophet .
Open gallery view American actor Jon Voight Credit : Archive
" You have done just the opposite .
You have propagandized Israel , until they look like they are everyone 's enemy - and it has resonated throughout the world , " he wrote .
" You are putting Israel in harm 's way , and you have promoted anti-Semitism throughout the world . "
" You have brought this to a people who have given the world the Ten Commandments and most laws we live by today .
The Jewish people have given the world our greatest scientists and philosophers , and the cures for many diseases , and now you play a very dangerous game so you can look like a true martyr to what you see and say are the underdogs , " he wrote .
" But the underdogs you defend are murderers and criminals who want Israel eradicated . "
" You have brought to Arizona a civil war , once again defending the criminals and illegals , creating a meltdown for good , loyal , law - abiding citizens .
Your destruction of this country may never be remedied , and we may never recover .
I pray to God you stop , and I hope the people in this great country realize your agenda is not for the betterment of mankind , but for the betterment of your politics , " he added .
Voight signed off his letter by writing : " With heartfelt and deep concern for America and Israel . "
Louisianans Think Bush Handled Katrina Better Than Obama Is Handling Oil Spill
Doug Mataconis · · 10 comments
Barack Obama is n’t exactly a popular person in Louisiana at the moment :
Our new Louisiana poll has a lot of data points to show how unhappy voters in the state are with Barack Obama ’s handling of the oil spill but one perhaps sums it up better than anything else - a majority of voters there think George W. Bush did a better job with Katrina than Obama ’s done dealing with the spill .
50 % of voters in the state , even including 31 % of Democrats , give Bush higher marks on that question compared to 35 % who pick Obama .
Overall only 32 % of Louisianans approve of how Obama has handled the spill to 62 % who disapprove .
34 % of those polled say they approved of how Bush dealt with Katrina to 58 % who disapproved .
Not surprisingly , a state in which the oil industry is a major source of jobs remains supportive of offshore drilling despite the accident :
One thing the oil spill has not done is created a spike of opposition to offshore drilling in Louisiana .
77 % of voters still support it with only 12 % against .
Only 31 % say the spill has made them less inclined to be in favor of drilling while 42 % say it has n’t made a difference to them and 28 % say they ’re now stronger in their support .
The one person who ’s seeing a political upside from this whole mess is Louisiana ’s Governor Bobby Jindal :
63 % of voters approve of the job he ’s doing , the best PPP has found for any Senator or Governor so far in 2010 .
There ’s an even higher level of support , at 65 % , for how he ’s handled the aftermath of the spill .
That , I think , is a reflection of the fact that Jindal has been on top of the crisis from the first day , even more than the President one might say .
To be fair , Louisiana has never exactly been Obama country .
In the 2008 election , Obama lost the state by more than 400,000 votes in what was otherwise a good year for Democrats nationwide .
One would expect that public opinion about the spill is similar in states like Mississippi and Alabama , both also states that Obama lost by wide margins in 2008 .
Of far more interest in terms of the political impact of the oil spill is Florida , which Obama won by roughly 200,000 votes in 2008 .
If the oil slicks continue to spread , and start washing up on the shores of Florida , the President could find himself losing ground in a state that has proven crucial in the last several Presidential elections .
I predict reissues .
All that Happy Lovers , Lifeguard stuff that was bootlegged last year may have made him think about sorting out the EMI years , proper remasters , proper extras ?
Just a thought .
Unless the state EMI are in just now is so bad that he 's thinking of doing what Queen did and withdrawing all funds as it were and taking his catalogue elsewhere ?
— where it would be virtually impossible to remove without severely damaging the ecosystem — is an urgent priority of relief workers in the Gulf of Mexico .
A variety of defense measures have been suggested , including the use of rocks and barges to block the oil from entering the bays , and the construction of huge sand piles that would stand 6 feet taller than the Gulf 's average high - water mark and , hopefully , shield the coastline .
Last week , G. Paul Kemp , a former professor of marine science at Louisiana State University and current vice president of the National Audubon Society 's Louisiana Coastal Initiative , sent a memo to the Environmental Protection Agency proposing an additional strategy , which calls for using upstream dams to increase the flow of the Mississippi River into the Gulf .
Kemp says the river is " the biggest tool in the toolbox " when it comes to keeping oil out Louisiana 's swamps and marshes , which make up nearly 40 percent of the wetlands in the lower 48 .
For the most part , the winds have kept the oil plume from moving toward the Louisiana coast , Kemp says , instead pushing it toward Florida and Alabama .
Last month , the winds shifted to the northwest .
Even then , when the oil seemed as though it should have been blowing towards the mouth of the river , it did n't , says Denise Reed , a proponent of Kemp 's plan and professor of earth and environmental sciences at the University of New Orleans .
" That seems to be because there 's been enough water coming out of the mouth of the river to have a little bit of a push out into the Gulf of Mexico , " Reed says .
Since then , however , the water level in the Mississippi has dropped off drastically , due to seasonal changes in climate .
" Time is of the essence .
Every day we are losing another 40,000 to 50,000 cubic feet per second out of the river .
I 'm very concerned that all we need is a shift in the winds offshore , and when the oil comes in this time there wo n't be enough to keep it from coming into the interior of the marshes , " Kemp says .
The water level can be raised using large concrete dams , called the Old River Control Structure , which sit 315 miles upstream from the river 's mouth .
These dams , which are maintained by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers , control flow between the Mississippi and a smaller tributary to the west called the Atchafalaya River .
Usually , they direct about 70 percent of the water down the Mississippi , with the remaining 30 percent diverted to the Atchafalaya .
Kemp 's plan calls for a gradual daily increase in the amount directed to the Mississippi , so that over the course of 10 days the river 's proportion would increase to about 81 percent — maintaining the approximate level of the river in May .
He is also looking into manipulating additional dams even further upstream .
An additional benefit of the plan , according to Kemp and Reed , is that a higher river could help clean off the oil that has already collected on the fringes of the marshes .
This effect , called gentle flushing , is one of the few methods that can remove oil from the wetlands while minimizing ecosystem damage .
" These are very soft soils and very easily disrupted , so we have to kind of be careful about too much intervention , " Reed says .
" If we can flow water through the marsh , we can take the oil that is attached to the stems of the plants and get it into the open water , " where it is significantly easier to remove .
Amanda Jones , a spokesperson for the Army Corps of Engineers , would not speculate as to the potential benefits or drawbacks of the proposal .
" It 's something we are looking into to see if it would work , and if it 's feasible , but we do n't have that answer yet .
It 's something that we 're still reviewing . "
No one has come forward with any major opposition to the proposal , according to Kemp , although he did say there might be concern regarding whether one of the two dams could handle the increased flow .
But that would be something that could be monitored , he says .
" All these things are reversible .
It should n't be a stopper ; it should just be something that we watch carefully . "
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
A mother wanted to discover her son's risk for certain diseases , so she mailed a DNA sample to genetics testing company 23 and Me .
The results made her cry :
Her child 's genetic profile was entirely inconsistent with his family 's .
What happened ?
Advertisement
Turns out that there was a little bit of confusion at the 23andMe lab which meant that samples and results were mixed up :
Up to 96 customers may have received and viewed data that was not their own .
Upon learning of the mix-ups , we immediately identified all customers potentially affected , notified them of the problem and removed the data from their accounts .
The lab is now concurrently conducting an investigation and re-processing the samples of the affected customers and their accurate results will be posted early next week .
Advertisement
Thank God this was n't a paternity test .
[ Discover ]
Picture by juhansonin
What uniform did the Cardinals wear when they won their first World Series in 1926 ?
What did the Reds uniform look like when Frank Robinson won the Rookie of the Year Award in 1956 ?
And did Barry Bonds ever don one of those horizontally - striped Pirates caps when he first came up with Pittsburgh ?
These questions and many more can be answered thanks primarily to baseball historian Marc Okkonen .
Decades of painstaking research , meticulous scouring of photographs , careful examination of microfilm , and detailed study of books and magazines allowed Marc to create thousands of two - dimensional “ mannequins ” representing the numerous home and road uniforms worn by major league baseball clubs throughout much of the 20th century .
The Hall of Fame has scanned Marc ’s original drawings and incorporated them into a searchable database presented here .
Marc ’s images end with the 1994 season , but thanks to Major League Baseball Properties , “ mannequins ” for uniforms from 1995 to date are also included in the database .
Finally , additional research by the staff at the Hall of Fame as well as numerous baseball researchers around the country allow us to continually correct and update this mammoth compendium
To use the database :
First select a particular team by first selecting a league ( you may choose to select “ All Leagues ” ) and then selecting a city name ( you may choose to select “ All Clubs ” ) .
Next , enter a range of years to view by entering a starting and ending year .
Please note that the earliest year currently available is 1900 .
Next , choose whether you wish the results to be sorted by year or city .
Next , select the number of images you wish to view per screen .
Finally , click “ Display uniforms ” to start the database search .
You may also wish to refer to our Frequently Asked Questions About the Uniform Database .
Database Search Form League : Select a league All Leagues National League American League Federal League City : Range of years : Low Year : High Year : Sort by : Year City Display how many uniforms per web page ?
9 12 15 18
Image caption Homeopathic remedies often contain few or no active ingredients
The NHS should stop funding homeopathy and it should no longer be marketed as a medicine in pharmacies , doctors say .
Medics voted on the issue at the British Medical Association 's annual conference in Brighton .
They dismissed the highly - diluted remedies as " nonsense " and potentially harmful to patients as it can lead them to shunning conventional medicines .
The Department of Health homeopathy said treatment was under review .
Homeopathy is a 200 - year - old system of treatment that uses highly diluted substances .
In some cases none of the original product is left .
It is given orally in the belief that it will stimulate the body 's self - healing mechanism .
The NHS is thought to spend about £ 4 m a year on the treatment , helping to fund four dedicated homeopathic hospitals and numerous prescriptions .
Dr Mary McCarthy , a GP from Shropshire , said there was no evidence from hundreds of trials that homeopathy worked beyond the placebo effect - in which a patient gets better but only because they believe the treatment will work and their symptoms clear up because of the psychological boost .
She added : " It can do harm by diverting patients from conventional medical treatments . "
Watery science
She was supported in the debate by a number of other doctors , despite dozens of supporters of the treatment gathering outside the conference centre urging them not to .
Dr Tom Dolphin , a member of the BMA 's junior doctors committee , dismissed it as " nonsense on stilts " .
WHAT IS HOMEOPATHY ?
Involves giving people very dilute amounts of a substance that in larger amounts might produce symptoms similar to the condition being treated
For example , one remedy which might be used in a person suffering from insomnia would be made from coffee
Supporters believe homeopathy helps relieve a range of minor ailments from bruising to insomnia
But critics say it is no better than sugar pills and people only get better because they believe the treatment will work - the so - called placebo effect
" We risk as a society slipping back into a state of magical thinking when made - up science passes for rational discourse . "
Peter Bamber , from the BMA 's consultants committee , added : " If you want to buy a bottle of water go to the supermarket . "
However , other doctors spoke in favour of homeopathy .
Dr John Garner , a GP from Edinburgh , said : " This [ a ban ] would deprive patients who have had a benefit . "
And Dr David Shipstone , a urologist from the East Midlands , said it would be unfair to pick on homeopathy as there were plenty of other treatments which were used by doctors despite a lack of categorical evidence they worked .
" What is valid scientific evidence ?
Academics can argue about it all day . "
The call by doctors comes after the House of Commons ' Science and Technology Committee in February called for a similar ban on NHS funding , saying it could not be justified .
The Society of Homeopaths said there was evidence the remedies worked .
And a spokeswoman also pointed out that the amount of public money spent on it was very low .
She said : " The cost of homeopathy on the NHS is low - just 0.001 % of the £ 11 billion drugs budget . "
But the Department of Health said it was looking into the issue .
" The department is considering issues to do with homeopathic remedies and hospitals as part of the government 's response to the Science and Technology Committee 's report on homeopathy .
The response will be issued soon . "
Paul von Lettow - Vorbeck
and
The Great War in German East Africa
General Paul Emil von Lettow - Vorbeck was born in Saarlouis , Prussia , on March 20 , 1870 .
His family is originar from Pomerania , and includes writer Oskar von Lettow - Vorbeck .
He entered the military academy and in 1900 was sent to China with the German Expeditionary Force under Count Waldersee and saw action during the Boxer Rebellion .
Later on served in German Southwest Africa ( Namibia ) during the Hottentot and Herero Rebellion of 1904 - 08 .
Wounded , he was sent for several months to South Africa for recuperation .
After 25 years of service in the army and a lieutenant - colonel in February 1914 , he was appointed commander of the forces in German East Africa , with only a dozen companies of Askari troops .
On April 20 , 1914 von Lettow took over effectively the command of the colonial force German East Africa at that time .
After arriving in Dar es Salaam in 1914 , von Lettow took charge of the colony 's white and black defense force , called the " Schutztruppe " .
He made a reconnaissance of the terrain , personally visiting fourteen field outposts scattered across the colony of Tanganyika .
Following the 1885 Congress of Berlin which delimited European spheres of influence in Africa and so set the ground rules for the scramble for Africa , the territory which became Tanganyika fell within the German sphere .
By 1890 German East Africa comprises the modern - day territories of Tanzania , Burundi and Rwanda .
As news of Archduke Ferdinand 's assassination spread , and the political situation in Europe slid toward open war , the authorities in German East Africa began to discuss their own options .
The civilian governor , Dr. Heinrich Schnee , stood against military action which would certainly endanger his civil projects then underway .
He wanted to negotiate a neutrality agreement with the British .
General Paul von Lettow - Vorbeck , the commander of the German Colonial Army , had no intention of allowing the British in Africa to conquer German soil without putting up a fight ..
Lieutenant - colonel Lettow - Vorbeck was high class officer .
Firmly decided to hold on to this jewel of German colonies , he had focused on the defence of the colony since his arrival .
During the summer he gathered an army of 11,000 Askaris and 3,000 Europeans .
With the outbreak of war in 1914 , the British moved to occupy the territory .
From the beginning von Lettow realized that he was virtually alone in this struggle against the English .
East Africa was considered a sideshow of a sideshow .
Her fate , as the fate of the other German colonies was certain to be decided on the battlefields of Europe .
Faced with overwhelming manpower and weaponry , von Lettow devised an brilliant strategy : " Might it not be possible to adopt tactics that would compel the enemy to bring in the largest possible force thereby diverting troops and resources from the arena where they would be most desperately needed ? "
His strong points were to be speed and time , since hitting power was out of the question .
Lettow - Vorbeck 's philosophy was simple - by using hit and run tactics he could tie down a huge number of British troops in East Africa and thus prevent them from joining the fighting in Europe .
It required a British and Colonial force which at times totalled over 100,000 men to fight and attempt to pin down a few thousand Germans and Askaris , and superior tactics and fighting skill enabled the German leader to hold out until two weeks after the armistice in Europe !
Prussian officers , contrary to the popular stereotype of rigid nonthinking disciplinarians , were in fact extremely flexible individualists and Lettow - Vorbeck was a prime example .
German East Africa received the first hits on August 8 on Dar - Es - Salaam from British cruisers .
In August , 1914 , effectively isolated from outside command , von Lettow - Vorbeck launched a series of effective raids against the British railway in Kenya , and fought off a British amphibious attack on Tanga and captured large amounts of arms and ammunitions to supply his troops .
His raiding parties dynamited the Uganda Railway , destroyed bridges , cut telegraph wires and ambushed troop trains .
Three weeks later 14 transporters and 2 British cruisers landed 6,000 soldiers around the port of Tanga .
Lettow - Vorbeck reacted quickly and pushed them back to the sea on November 4 , recovering sustantial material , including 16 machine - guns .
Initially the British forces in East Africa were convinced that they would make short work of the Germans in Africa , but they were soon disillusioned .
At the battle of Tanga , the Germans , outnumbered 8 to 1 , routed the Indian troops sent against them .
After Tanga , Lettow - Vorbeck had easily fought off the separate actions mounted against him by the British and Belgians from their basis in Kenya , Rhodesia and Congo .
His army was soon to be reinforced by the sailors of the cruiser Königsberg .
It took 27 ships to destroy the German cruiser in a series of running battles on both land and water , and even then the German sailors avoided capture , striking off inland and taking all the ship 's 105 mm guns with them to play a major role in the land battles that followed .
The main guns of the SMS Königsberg were removed and the Dar - es - Salaam machine shops manufactured carriages for them .
Von Lettow - Vorbeck managed to salvage the guns from the destroyed ship and was able to use these along with the rigours of the terrain to hold off the offensives of the Allies .
For years they were the heaviest artillery present in the African land campaign .
Of the Königsberg 's original crew of 350 men , only 15 , including Captain Looff , survived the war and returned to Germany .
The British campaign in East Africa was a series of frustrating attempts to surround Lettow - Vorbeck 's main force or to bring him to fight a decisive battle .
They never succeeded .
Each time they tried the British were convinced that they would bring Lettow - Vorbeck to bay , and each time he eluded them .
He always retreated in the face of overwhelming force , but not before it was necessary , and it was never easy to assemble the required force at the needed point .
The Allied commanders - in - chief captured territory , but none succeeded in defeating the German army .
Almost throughout the entire war the British underestimated the Germans and their Askaris , black troops who had been well - trained and disciplined by their German officers .
It is interesting to mention that 90 % of Lettow - Vorbeck 's troops were africans .
His success of Tanba assured the relative tranquility of the colony , until the beginning of 1916 , when the British , aided by the Belgians , and later the Portuguese , mounted methodical operations against him , to which he responded by manoeuvre .
On January 25 , 1916 , general Jan Christiaan Smuts , former Boer War hero , took charge of the British forces in East Africa , now up to 120,000 and went immediately on the offensive , in March .
After the conquest of Tanga , the British and the Belgians met on the Tabora - Dar - Es - Salaam railway and moved further South across the Rufiji River .
Having to stop a cause of diseases and the weather , Smuts asked the Germans to surrender , which they refuse .
In October 1916 , the Germans pushed back 3,000 Portuguese to had cross the Rowuma border river .
In December 1916 , the Kaiser awarded him the order " For the merit " .
Lettow - Vorbeck remained continually on the defensive , gradually working south .
In 1917 , general Van Deventer , successor of Smuts , attacked once again , having been heavily reinforced .
Lettow - Vorbeck was forced to withdraw to the South of the colony , now having no more than 300 Europeans and 2,000 Askaris under his command .
On November 27 , 1917 , he invaded Mozambique , since Portugal was now formally at war with the German Empire .
In Mozambique , the Germans routed a numerically superior Portuguese force with almost contemptuous ease , advancing as far south as Quelimane by July 1918 .
Cut off from their supply lines the Germans lived off the land , using captured weapons and ammunition obtained along the way from the sizeable Portuguese supply dumps .
In spite of the hardship the morale of the German force run exceptionally high .
In July 1918 von Lettow pushed the courage to such extent that he decided to attack the pursuiving British army at Namacura .
After the victory turned back and at the end of September returned on German territory .
In October 1917 the last big battle and the bloodiest of the entire campaign was fought at Mahiva - a set piece battle resembling those on the European front .
Again the Germans were victorious , losing only 95 killed , whereas the British lost more than half their men - 2,700 out of a total of 4,900 men .
Nevertheless , Lettow - Vorbeck was forced to withdraw as his forces had by then been reduced to less than a thousand men .
On November 2 , 1918 , he entered Northern Rhodesia .
In Northern Rhodesia Lettow - Vorbeck faced a force of Rhodesian police and civilian volunteers strongly determined to block his way .
However , the Germans captured and Kasama on 13 November 1918 .
It seemed likely that he would not stop here but , having captured Kasama , word reached him on 13 November 1918 that the armistice had already taken effect in Europe .
After confirmation that the war was indeed over , he and his men laid down their arms , undefeated .
Von Lettow called for a cease - fire and surrendered to the British , as demanded in Article 17 of the Armistice of Rethondes between Germany and the Allied and Associated Powers .
On November 14 , Lettow - Vorbeck mets at Abercorn , on the banks of Lake Tanganyika , the Bitish general Edwards , to whom he surrendered his army of 155 Germans , of which 20 officers , and 1156 native Africans .
Lettow - Vorbeck arranged for the re-patriation of German soldiers and prisoners of war before the departure for Germany in January , 1919 .
The Germans moved across Tanganyika to Kigoma , from where they took the railway to Dar - Es - Salaam .
From here they left for Europe on January 17 , 1919 .
When he later returned to Berlin , von Lettow was hailed as the hero who had given Germany one great victory .
On March 2 , 1919 , when Lettow - Vorbeck entered with his reminder 144 soldiers , through the Brandenburg Gate , the crowd gathered to give him hero's welcome to the undefeated German army and her commander .
Be that as it may , after WW1 Tanganyika became a Mandated Territory under the League of Nations , with the British as the mandated power .
( What became Rwanda and Burundi were detatched and came under Belgian rule ) .
Later , Lettow - Vorbeck wrote two books relating his story in the Great War : " Heia Safari " ( 1919 ) , and " My memories from East Africa " ( 1920 ) .
The Great War in Africa was on the whole characterised by gentlemanly behaviour and after the Battle of Tanga the German victors and British vanquished met under a white flag with a bottle of brandy to compare opinions of the battle and discuss the care of the wounded .
Both sides exchanged autographed photos , shared an excellent supper , and parted like gentlemen .
Again , in after the armistice of 1918 , the British officers were delighted at last to have the chance to meet the legendary general .
Lettow - Vorbeck was not imprisoned , but given the use of a car and invited to dinner by South African general Van Deventer .
Back in Germany , von Lettow became commander of the realm military brigade 9 in Schwerin in 1919 .
He got involved , alongside other high ranking Imperial officers , in the cutting kapp - Putsch in 1920 .
He remained in the army and was later to suppress Communist uprising in Hamburg in 1923 .
In 1920 he became a politician and served for 10 years in the Reichstag .
When Hitler rose to power , von Lettow - Vorbeck tried unsuccessfully to organize a conservative opposition .
But as the Nazis strengthened their position , von Lettow , disgusted , resigned his post .
Hitler offered von Lettow , a World War I hero , the post of ambassador to England , but von Lettow refused it .
In retaliation for this insult , Hitler and his colaborators began a vicious smear campaign against the general , ruining his career .
Persecuted and abandoned , von Lettow almost died of starvation during World War II .
The old general had lost both sons in the war .
He and Smuts formed a lasting friendship and he sat next to Smuts as guest of honour at the anniversary dinner of the East African Expeditionary Force .
Smuts had even took time to congratulate him when he had received the Imperial order in 1916 .
At the beginning of December 1929 , on invitation of general Smuts , von Lettow - Vorbeck participated in London as a guest in a festessen of the East Africa fighters .
After the war , Smuts , on hearing of the plight of his former enemy , sent him regular food parcels .
When the war ended , von Lettow regained his former prestige .
At the age of eighty - three he even returned to Africa where he met with some old " Schutztruppe " comrades .
In 1952 he took the plane to visit his African soldiers and the widow of his collegue Smuts .
His birth city Saarlouis in the Saarland accoded him in the Sept. 1956 the honour citizenry .
Von Lettow died in 1964 .
He died on 9 March 1964 at the age of almost 94 years in Hamburg .
He was buried on 13 March 1964 with full military honours at Pronstorf .
The German General von Lettow - Vorbeck proved to be one of the most brilliant guerrilla war tacticians of all time .
Von Lettow was a master of tactics and a determined soldier .
Though vastly outnumbered , the German defenders under von Lettow kept the British troops at bay for four years , frustrating them at every turn .
The small German army even planted the German flag on British soil - the only occasion on which a German Commander occupied British territory during the entire war .
Paul von Lettow - Vorbeck is to be remembered as the leader that made his soldiers be recalled as " the Germans who never lost " .
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - Israel on Saturday rejected as “ flawed and hypocritical ” a declaration by signatories of a global anti-nuclear arms treaty that urged it to sign the pact and make its atomic facilities subject to U.N. inspections .
Israel 's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu attends the weekly cabinet meeting in his office in Jerusalem May 23 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Sebastian Scheiner / Pool
All 189 parties to the Non-Proliferation Treaty , including the United States , called on Friday in a declaration that singled out Israel for a conference in 2012 to discuss banning weapons of mass destruction in the Middle East .
“ As a non-signatory state of the NPT , Israel is not obligated by the decisions of this conference , which has no authority over Israel , ” the Israeli government said in an emailed statement .
“ Given the distorted nature of this resolution , Israel will not be able to take part in its implementation , ” it said .
The 28 - page declaration said U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon and key states would arrange a conference that would include all nations in the region , by implication including bitter enemies Israel and Iran .
Israel is presumed to have a sizable nuclear arsenal but neither confirms nor denies it .
It is the only Middle East state that has not signed the NPT and , like fellow non-members India and Pakistan , did not take part in the review conference .
U.S. officials , irked at efforts to single out Israel , made clear the proposal might go nowhere , saying the Middle East could not be declared WMD - free until broad Arab - Israeli peace prevailed and Iran curbed its uranium enrichment programme .
“ HYPOCRITICAL ”
Alluding to this point , the Israeli statement said : “ This resolution is deeply flawed and hypocritical .
It ignores the realities of the Middle East and the real threats facing the region and the entire world . ”
Iran was not mentioned in the NPT declaration .
Israel and Western powers suspect Iran is seeking to develop nuclear weapons capability due to its past concealment of nuclear activity from the watchdog International Atomic Energy Agency and continued restrictions on IAEA access .
Tehran says it is enriching uranium only to generate electricity and isotopes for agriculture and medical treatment .
The Israeli statement said Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu would discuss the NPT declaration with President Barack Obama when the two leaders meet on Tuesday at the White House .
Obama welcomed agreements on a range of non-proliferation issues at the NPT meeting but said he would oppose efforts to isolate Israel and any actions to jeopardize its security .
Israel , whose jets bombed Iraq ’s nuclear reactor in 1981 and mounted a similar sortie over Syria in 2007 , has hinted that it could use force to deny Iran the means to build an atomic bomb .
The Israeli government statement said : “ The real problem with WMDs in the Middle East does not relate to Israel but to those countries that have signed the NPT and brazenly violated it : Iraq under Saddam , Libya , Syria and Iran . ”
Libya in 2003 ended years of international isolation after it promised to give up nuclear , chemical and biological weapons and has followed through on those promises .
Image caption Mr Rigi had allegedly pleaded guilty to forming Jundullah and other charges
The leader of a Sunni militant group has been executed in Iran for his involvement in " terrorist " attacks in the Islamic state , state media report .
Abdolmalek Rigi , head of Jundullah , was hanged at dawn at Tehran 's Evin prison in the presence of the families of its victims , the Irna news agency said .
Mr Rigi was accused of being behind a series of deadly bombings and raids in the province of Sistan - Baluchistan .
He was arrested in February while on a flight from Dubai to Kyrgyzstan .
Founded in 2003 , Jundullah ( Soldiers of God ) says it is fighting to defend the human rights , culture and faith of ethnic Baluchis .
The majority of Iran 's ethnic Baluchi population live in Sistan - Baluchistan and adhere to the Sunni branch of Islam .
They claim that as a minority in a Shia state , they are persecuted by the authorities .
Sistan - Baluchistan is also the most impoverished , underdeveloped and sparsely - populated of Iran 's provinces .
Drug trafficking is a major problem , and kidnappings and armed clashes are common .
Iran 's government says Jundullah receives support from the US , UK and Pakistan , an allegation which all three countries have denied .
High - profile attacks
Four months after being captured by Iranian security forces when he was flying over the Persian Gulf en route to Kyrgyzstan , Mr Rigi was hanged on Sunday morning in accordance with a decision by the Tehran Revolutionary Court .
" The head of the armed counter - revolutionary group in the east of the country ... was responsible for armed robbery , assassination attempts , armed attacks on the army and police and on ordinary people , and murder , " a court statement said .
Jundullah was " responsible for the killing of 154 members of security forces and other innocent people and wounding of 320 people since 2003 " and was " linked to members of foreign intelligence services " , it added .
Mr Rigi had allegedly pleaded guilty to forming the " terrorist group Jundullah which was fighting the Islamic republic " and a number of other charges .
" He collaborated and ordered 15 armed abductions , confessed to three murders , and ordered the murders of tens of citizens , police and military personnel through bombings and armed actions , " the court statement added .
ABDOLMALEK RIGI Leader of Jundullah , believed to be 26 years old
The Sunni Baluchi nationalist group emerged in 2003
Accused by Iran of links with the US and Pakistan
Thought to be linked to drug smugglers on Iranian border Profile : Iran 's Jundullah militants
Jundullah has said it was responsible for a string of high - profile attacks in Sistan - Baluchistan , including a suicide bombing near the Pakistani border that killed 42 people , including six senior Revolutionary Guards commanders , and a bombing in a Shia mosque in Zahedan that killed 25 people .
Shortly after his arrest , state media reported that Mr Rigi had admitted that he had been on his way to a meeting with a " high - ranking person " at the US military base at Manas in Kyrgyzstan when he was captured .
" They said they would co-operate with us and would give me military equipment , " he said in a video statement broadcast on Iranian TV .
Despite the loss of their leader , the confrontation between Jundullah and the Iranian authorities has shown no sign of abating .
The group recently asserted in a statement : " Let the regime know that it will face a movement that is stronger and much more solid than ever before and one whose existence it has not been aware of . "
Mr Rigi 's younger brother , Abdolhamid , was captured in Pakistan in 2008 and extradited to Iran .
State media reported that he was executed last month in Zahedan after being convicted of terrorism .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Art Linkletter , the genial radio and television host who specialized in getting kids to say “ the darndest things , ” died on Wednesday at age 97 , his assistant said .
Television personality Art Linkletter walks through the Hollywood Pictures Backlot at the opening of Disney 's California Adventure in Anaheim , California in this February 8 , 2001 file photo .
Linkletter , the genial television host who specialized in getting kids to say " the darndest things , " died on May 26 , 2010 at the age of 97 , his assistant said .
REUTERS / Sam Mircovich / Files
The Canadian - born Linkletter , a mainstay of American broadcasting in the 1950s and ‘ 60s with long - running shows like “ People Are Funny ” and “ Art Linkletter ’s House Party , ” died of natural causes at his home in Los Angeles ’ upscale Bel Air community , assistant Jennifer Kramer told Reuters .
His programs sometimes featured conversations with celebrities but emphasized man - in - the - street interviews , interaction with audience members and comic conversations with children .
Linkletter also served as master of ceremonies for opening day at Disneyland in 1955 , and returned decades later to officiate at the 50th anniversary celebration of the theme park on his 95th birthday .
Linkletter ’s famed interviews with youngsters were popularized as a regular segment of his weekday series “ House Party , ” which debuted on radio in 1945 and ran on CBS television from 1952 until 1970 .
Playing on the natural guilelessness of his young subjects ,
Linkletter became a master of eliciting completely candid , occasionally insightful and often hilarious responses from children on topics ranging from history and religion to family relationships and manners .
The produced a number of classic TV moments , such as the 8 - year - old boy who told Linkletter , “ My mom is going to have a baby but my father does n’t know . ”
“ My art , ” Linkletter once said , “ is getting other people to perform ...
People are more interesting to me than anything else . ”
Decades later , the format was turned briefly into its own prime - time CBS show , “ Kids Say the Darndest Things , ” hosted by Bill Cosby with Linkletter making appearances to present vintage clips from his old “ House Party ” broadcasts .
“ House Party ” overlapped for parts of its run with several other Linkletter - hosted shows , most notably the weekly series “ People Are Funny , ” which originated on radio in 1942 and aired on NBC television from 1954 to 1961 .
It featured members of the studio audience taking part in on - stage gags or stunts .
DAUGHTER’S SUICIDE
In 1969 , after the suicide of his daughter Diane was linked to LSD use , Linkletter campaigned against drug abuse .
He also traveled the world on behalf of World Vision , a Christian charity , and served as a leader of Goodwill Industries , the Arthritis Foundation and the Los Angeles Orphanage .
He was born Arthur Gordon Kelley on July 17 , 1912 , in Moose Jaw , Saskatchewan , but was abandoned by his biological family and adopted by the Linkletter family .
His new father was an evangelist who moved the family to California .
He attended San Diego State College with the intention of becoming a teacher but drifted into radio .
In 1942 , Linkletter moved to Hollywood and launched “ People Are Funny ” on radio .
He also found wealth as a businessman and investor , becoming involved in oil drilling , copper mining , an Australian sheep ranch , the Hula Hoop toy and the board game “ The Game of Life . ”
With his wife Lois , whom he married in 1935 , Linkletter also had two other daughters and a son , Jack , who produced TV programs , and a son Robert , who died in a 1980 automobile accident .
A neighbor and longtime friend , music producer Quincy Jones , remembered Linkletter as “ one of the brightest , funniest inspiring and profound people that I have ever known . ”
“ Art would always say , ‘ Quincy , if you want to make God laugh , tell him your plans , ’ and he was right . ”
Time and the Multiverse
Could multiple universes explain our arrow of time ?
Does time run backwards in other universes ?
by Miriam Frankel
LAURA MERSINI -HOUGHTON
University of North Carolina
Womb to Tomb
A tug - of - war determines
whether a universe can
be born .
- Laura Mersini-Houghton
Arrowless Time ?
THE PULL OF THE MULTIVERSE ?
The colored dots in the image mark clusters at various distance ranges .
( Redder colors
indicate greater distance . )
The colored ellipses show the direction in which clusters of
the corresponding color are being pulled .
Images of representative galaxy clusters in each distance slice are also shown .
Credit : NASA / Goddard / A. Kashlinsky , et al .
Backwards ( time ) is in
the eye of the beholder .
- Sean Carroll
Comment on this Article
Please read the important Introduction that governs your participation in this community .
Inappropriate language will not be tolerated and posts containing such language will be deleted .
Otherwise , this is a free speech Forum and all are welcome !
Please enter the text of your post , then click the " Submit New Post " button below .
You may also optionally add file attachments below before submitting your edits .
HTML tags are not permitted in posts , and will automatically be stripped out .
Links to other web sites are permitted .
For instructions on how to add links , please read the link help page .
You may use superscript ( 10 100 ) and subscript ( A 2 ) using [ sup ] ...[ / sup ] and [ sub ] ...[ / sub ] tags .
You may use bold ( important ) and italics ( emphasize ) using [ b ] ...[ /b] and [ i ] ... [ /i ] tags .
You may also include LateX equations into your post .
Insert LaTeX Equation [ hide ]
LaTeX equations may be displayed in FQXi Forum posts by including them within [ equation ] ... [ / equation ] tags .
You may type your equation directly into your post , or use the LaTeX Equation Preview feature below to see how your equation will render ( this is recommended ) .
For more help on LaTeX , please see the
LaTeX Equation Preview
preview equation
clear equation
insert equation into post at cursor
LaTeX equations may be displayed in FQXi Forum posts by including them within [ equation ] ... [ / equation ] tags .
You may type your equation directly into your post , or use the LaTeX Equation Preview feature below to see how your equation will render ( this is recommended ) .
For more help on LaTeX , please see the LaTeX Project Home Page
Your name : ( optional )
Post Text Preview [ hide ]
Add / Edit Attachments Attachments [ hide ]
You may optionally attach up to two documents to your post .
To add an attachment , use the following feature to browse your computer and select the file to attach .
The maximum file size for attachments is 1MB .
Add attachment # 1 :
Add attachment # 2 :
Once you 're done adding file attachments , click the " Submit New Post " button to add your post .
Recent Comments
JOHN BRODIX MERRYMAN wrote on September 6 , 2014
Lyle ,
It does n't sound at all like JCN .
John ,
I certainly agree time reversal is nonsense .
Here is my argument for why .
I 'm not sure why denying free will and " primer mover causation " is what leads to this situation .
In fact , I 'd argue the subconscious premise of a prime mover , ie .
that there was an initial cause , now instituted as Big Bang Theory , is part of the problem leading to this formalization of the narrative , beginning to end , modeling of time , which results in ...
LYLE WAYNE MOSS wrote on September 6 , 2014
@ John : are you J.C.N. Smith ?
if so - this is TOO weird
JOHN wrote on September 5 , 2014
This is so ad hoc its astonishing that there are people who would not shoot it down in seconds .
So because you can make more than one shape out of a 10 dimensional object , there is more than one universe ?
Really ?
So if the shape was 5 dimensional and you would only be able to make 10 to the 250 shapes ..
That means there are that many universes ?
Talk about a pathological leap in logic .
Seriously , this is embarrassing .
The day I hear someone use a complex example that ...
read all article comments
For many of us , this song fromevokes memories of romance .
But to Laura Mersini-Houghton it may provoke deeper questions about the foundations of reality :
Why can we only remember the past , not the future ?
And what is the origin of the arrow of time ?
Her conclusion is that the time ’s arrow is not as fundamental as we may believe .
Mersini-Houghton ’s view of time comes from looking at the bigger picture — the biggest possible picture , in fact .
With the help of a $ 50,000 grant from FQXi , she is investigating the possibility that our universe is just one of many in a " multiverse " of universes and what that means for time ’s arrow .
We travel through life from womb to tomb , not vice - versa , yet physicists have no real explanation for why time flows in only one direction .
The microscopic laws that underlie the behavior of particles have no such arrow , working equally well backwards as forwards .
So why does n’t time run backwards ?
Physicists usually explain the arrow of time using the concept of increasing entropy — a measure of the disorder of a system .
The universe evolves from a highly - ordered , low - entropy beginning , to a progressively more disordered state , defining time ’s arrow .
So , sugar cubes dropped into coffee dissolve as time passes , increasing the disorder of the coffee - sugar system ; but they do not re-solidify .
To Mersini-Houghton , a physicist at the University of North Carolina , Chapel Hill , however , this reasoning simply begs the following question :
Why did the universe begin in a highly unlikely low - entropy state in the first place ?
The multiverse view offers a simple answer :
If there are an infinite number of cosmoses , it would make sense that at least some universes should start in a low entropy state .
Mersini-Houghton first became interested in the idea of a multiverse with the advent of the string - theory landscape .
In 2003 , string theorists began to realize that their equations offered a staggering 10 equally - valid solutions , each of which could describe a possible universe .
Suddenly there was talk of a string landscape — a multiverse of universes , each with different physical laws .
This landscape provides the basis of Mersini - Houghton ’s model .
Each new universe forms in this landscape as a bubble , with some intrinsic — similar in character to thecausing today ’s universe to expand at an ever - increasing rate — that drives it to inflate .
At the same time , matter causes the bubble to try to crunch back down .
" It is this tug - of - war that determines whether a universe can be born or not , " says Mersini - Houghton .
Crucially , in this model , only high - energy bubbles will overcome the matter crunch and grow into full - blown universes .
These bubbles would have started out with low entropy , explaining the seemingly unlikely initial conditions of our universe .
Mersini-Houghton claims that time in the larger multiverse is arrowless , favoring no particular direction .
But while the physical laws in each baby universe inherit this time - symmetry , the bubbles themselves do not .
That ’s because at the moment of its birth , the bubble loses information about the multiverse .
This information loss results in growing disorder , says Mersini-Houghton .
In other words , entropy starts to increase in the bubble , creating a local arrow of time .
To describe the dynamical evolution of the bubble , Mersini- Houghton uses a quantum - mechanical master equation .
" It ’s important to derive everything from an existing , fundamental theory , " she explains .
But this comes at a price :
Since there is currently no working theory that unites quantum mechanics with general relativity , Mersini-Houghton assumes that the laws of quantum mechanics are more fundamental than those of general relativity .
However , not all cosmologists think the role of general relativity can be downplayed .
FQXi essay contest winner Sean Carroll at Caltech , in Pasadena , is also independently tackling the issue of time in the multiverse but , by contrast , he is using a semiclassical quantum - gravity approach .
His model also contains a parent multiverse , with no overall arrow of time .
"
You start with a spacetime that has no directionality of time , which makes sense given that the underlying physical laws are like that , " says Carroll .
In his model , baby universes preferentially begin with low entropy .
Once grown , each universe can eventually give birth to new universes , which arise due to quantum fluctuations in the presence of vacuum energy .
These universes have arrows of time pointing in different directions , so , in some universes , time could actually run backwards .
Time flowing backwards is less mind - boggling than it sounds , says Carroll reassuringly .
In what we call the past there are universes where , from our point of view , entropy is increasing towards the past .
But in the same way , from their point of view , entropy is increasing towards the future and we ’re in their past .
" Everything is completely symmetric , " he says .
" Backwards is in the eye of the beholder .
" This all sounds nice in theory .
But given that we are locked within our universe , can we possibly ever test whether a multiverse exists , let alone whether it has an arrow of time ?
Mersini -Houghton thinks so .
In her model , baby universes retain a vague , gravitational influence on each other even after they lose information about the multiverse .
In 2006 , she predicted that this ghostly cross - talk would result in a peculiar ‘ pull ’ on galaxy clusters in one part of the sky .
Last year , such an effect , dubbed " dark flow , " was surprisingly observed by NASA .
There is no consensus as to what causes the flow , but Mersini - Houghton is excited : " I never thought we ’d see anything like this , at least not in my life time .
" Mersini-Houghton had also predicted that a neighboring universe could create a giant void in space by pushing against us , repelling gravity and matter .
A few months later , the discovery of such a void using radio telescopes at the Very Long Baseline Array in New Mexico was reported .
But this result was later called into question in 2009 , when astrophysicists at the University of Michigan claimed that the evidence for the void was a statistical blip .
Despite this setback , Rüdiger Vaas , a philosopher of science from the University of Stuttgart , says that one of the main advantages of Mersini - Houghton ’s model is that it is testable .
" You can derive predictions and it is possible to test them right now , " he says .
" Although it ’s currently not clear whether it ’s true or false , it looks very promising .
" So will Mersini - Houghton ’s latest predictions ultimately stand up to scrutiny ?
Only time will tell ...
KABUL — More than $ 3 billion in cash has been openly flown out of Kabul International Airport in the past three years , a sum so large that U.S. investigators believe top Afghan officials and their associates are sending billions of diverted U.S. aid and logistics dollars and drug money to financial safe havens abroad .
The cash — packed into suitcases , piled onto pallets and loaded into airplanes — is declared and legal to move .
But U.S. and Afghan officials say they are targeting the flows in major anticorruption and drug trafficking ...
“ Democracy is the art of running the circus from the monkey cage . ” — H.L. Mencken
Learn More
Visual C++ rounds some decimal to double - precision floating - point conversions incorrectly , but it ’s not alone ; the gcc C compiler and the glibc strtod ( ) function do the same .
In this article , I ’ll show examples of incorrect conversions in gcc and glibc , and I ’ll present a C program that demonstrates the errors .
( To understand my methodology and terminology , please read my article “ Incorrectly Rounded Conversions in Visual C++. ” )
( Read my December 2013 update to this article : real .c Rounding Is Perfect ( GCC Now Converts Correctly ) . )
( Read my October 2013 update to this article : GCC Conversions Are Incorrect , Architecture or Otherwise . )
( Read my September 2013 update to this article : Correctly Rounded Conversions in GCC and GLIBC . )
My Analysis
I ran my tests on an Intel Core Duo processor running Ubuntu Linux version 10.04 , and I used the gcc C compiler version 4.4.3 and the embedded glibc library ( eglibc ) version 2.11.1 .
( As far as I can tell , eglibc uses the same conversion code as glibc , so I will refer to eglibc as glibc for the rest of this article . )
( Update : I reran my tests on glibc , getting the same results . )
I did automated testing of glibc strtod ( ) string conversions and manual testing of gcc floating - point literal conversions .
This is what found in my automated testing of strtod ( ) :
Conversions were done incorrectly only about four ten - thousandths of a percent of the time .
No conversion was incorrect by more than one unit in the last place ( ULP ) .
Incorrect conversions included both “ hard ” and “ easy ” cases .
There were incorrect conversions covering all three cases : “ halfway ” , “ greater than halfway ” , and “ less than halfway . ”
My manual testing of gcc was not as comprehensive , of course , but I did manage to find some examples of incorrect conversions .
For the remainder of this article , I will discuss six examples of incorrect conversions — examples uncovered by my automated and manual testing , as well as examples found in Bugzilla bug reports for gcc and glibc .
Incorrect Conversion by Both GCC and GLIBC
Here ’s an example that ’s converted incorrectly by both gcc and glibc — to the same incorrect value :
Example 1 ( Halfway Case )
0.500000000000000166533453693773481063544750213623046875 ,
which equals 2 - 1 + 2-53 + 2 - 54 , converts to this binary number :
0.100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000011
It has 54 significant bits , with bits 53 and 54 equal to 1 .
The correctly rounded value — in binary scientific notation — is
1.000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001 x 2 -
1
gcc and glibc strtod ( ) both compute the converted value as
1.0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001 x 2 -
1
which is one ULP below the correctly rounded value .
( I constructed this example by hand . )
Incorrect Conversions by GLIBC Only
Here are three examples that are converted incorrectly by glibc but converted correctly by gcc :
Example 2 ( Halfway Case )
3.518437208883201171875e13 converts to this binary number :
1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000.00000011
It has 54 significant bits , with bits 53 and 54 equal to 1 .
The correctly rounded value is
1.000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001 x 245
glibc strtod ( ) computes the converted value as
1.0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001 x 245
which is one ULP below the correctly rounded value .
( This example was taken from “ Bugzilla Bug 3479 : Incorrect rounding in strtod ( ) . ” )
Example 3 ( Greater than Halfway Case )
62.5364939768271845828 converts to this binary number , which has a non-terminating binary fraction portion :
111110.1000100101010111101010110101010011111001010001110000000000001 …
Bits 53 and 54 are equal to 1 , so the correctly rounded value is
1.11110100010010101011110101011010101001111100101001 x 25
glibc strtod ( ) computes the converted value as
1.1111010001001010101111010101101010100111110010100011 x 25
which is one ULP below the correctly rounded value .
( I discovered this example during random testing . )
Example 4 ( Less than Halfway Case )
8.10109172351e-10 converts to this non-terminating binary fraction :
0.00000000000000000000000000000011011110101011100101110101110111100001111110100001100011111111111110 …
Significant bit 54 is 0 , so it should be rounded down to get the correctly rounded value
1.10111101010111001011101011101111000011111101000011 x 2-31
glibc strtod ( ) computes the converted value as
1.1011110101011100101110101110111100001111110100001101 x 2-31
which is one ULP above the correctly rounded value .
( I discovered this example during random testing . )
Incorrect Conversions by GCC Only
Here are two examples that are converted incorrectly by gcc but converted correctly by glibc :
Example 5 ( Halfway Case )
The number
1.50000000000000011102230246251565404236316680908203125
which equals 1 + 2 - 1 + 2 - 53 , converts to this binary number :
1.10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001
It rounds correctly to 1.1 , since bit 53 is 0 .
gcc converts it to
1.1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001
which is one ULP above the correctly rounded value .
( I constructed this example by hand . )
Example 6 ( Less than Halfway Case )
9007199254740991.4999999999999999999999999999999995 converts to this binary number , which has a non-terminating binary fraction portion :
11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111.011111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111110 …
Bit 54 is 0 , so it converts correctly to
1.1111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 x 252
gcc converts it to
1.0 x 253
which is one ULP above the correctly rounded value .
( This example was taken from “ Bugzilla Bug 21718 : real .c rounding not perfect . ” )
A C Program that Reports the Behavior
Here ’s a C program you can use to confirm incorrect rounding on your own Linux system :
// gcc -o examples examples .c #include < stdio.h > # include < stdlib.h > # define NUM_CONVERT
6 int main ( void ) { unsigned int i ; char decimal [ NUM_CONVERT ] [ 60 ] = { " 0.500000000000000166533453693773481063544750213623046875 " , " 3.518437208883201171875e13 " , " 62.5364939768271845828 " , " 8.10109172351e-10 " , " 1.50000000000000011102230246251565404236316680908203125 " , " 9007199254740991.4999999999999999999999999999999995 " } ; double gcc_conversion [ NUM_CONVERT ] = { 0.500000000000000166533453693773481063544750213623046875 , 3.518437208883201171875e13 , 62.5364939768271845828 , 8.10109172351e-10 , 1.50000000000000011102230246251565404236316680908203125 , 9007199254740991.4999999999999999999999999999999995 } ; char correct [ NUM_CONVERT ] [ 30 ] = { " 0x1.0000000000002p - 1 " , " 0x1.0000000000002p+45 " , " 0x1.f44abd5aa7ca4p+5 " , " 0x1.bd5cbaef0fd0 cp-31 " , " 0x1.8p+0 " , " 0x1.fffffffffffffp+52 " } ; for ( i=0 ; i < NUM_CONVERT ; i++) { printf ( " %s
" , decimal [ i ] ) ; printf ( " Correct = %s
" , correct [ i ] ) ; printf ( " gcc = %a
" , gcc_conversion [ i ] ) ; printf ( " strtod = %a
" , strtod ( decimal [ i ] , NULL ) ) ; } }
This is the output on my system ( I shaded the incorrect conversions ) :
0.500000000000000166533453693773481063544750213623046875 Correct = 0x1.0000000000002p - 1 gcc = 0x1.0000000000001p - 1 strtod = 0x1.0000000000001p - 1 3.518437208883201171875e13 Correct = 0x1.0000000000002p+45 gcc = 0x1.0000000000002p+45 strtod = 0x1.0000000000001p+45 62.5364939768271845828 Correct = 0x1.f44abd5aa7ca4p+5 gcc = 0x1.f44abd5aa7ca4p+5 strtod = 0x1.f44abd5aa7ca3p+5 8.10109172351e-10 Correct = 0x1.bd5cbaef0fd0cp-31 gcc = 0x1.bd5cbaef0fd0cp-31 strtod = 0x1.bd5cbaef0fd0dp-31 1.50000000000000011102230246251565404236316680908203125 Correct = 0x1.8p+0 gcc = 0x1.8000000000001p+0 strtod = 0x1.8p+0 9007199254740991.4999999999999999999999999999999995 Correct = 0x1.fffffffffffffp+52 gcc = 0x1p+53 strtod = 0x1.fffffffffffffp+52
The values for the correct conversions were obtained using David Gay ’s strtod ( ) function .
I ran a separate program to compute them and then hard coded them in this program .
( I could also have constructed the correct hex formats by hand , using my analysis in the examples above . )
If you try this on your system , let me know what happens ; I expect the same output .
Please include the type of Linux , and version numbers if possible .
Bug Reports
There are existing bug reports for gcc and glibc :
It ’s not clear whether these bugs will ( or should ? ) be fixed ; if they are , I ’d imagine David Gay ’s strtod ( ) function would be used to replace the current code .
I would guess this problem affects the other GCC compilers , although I have n’t tested .
GCC / GLIBC Vs. Visual C++
Here are the differences I found between gcc/ glibc and Visual C++ in my two analyses :
glibc strtod ( ) converted incorrectly about two orders of magnitude less frequently than Visual C++ strtod ( ) .
I found no integer values that rounded incorrectly in gcc or glibc , unlike in Visual C++.
gcc and glibc strtod ( ) can convert the same decimal number differently ; I found no such example in Visual C++ and its strtod ( ) function .
Of the five examples Visual C++ converts incorrectly , only one — example 2 — is converted incorrectly by gcc or glibc ( in this case , by both ) .
Of the six examples in this article converted incorrectly by gcc or glibc , two are converted incorrectly by Visual C++ : examples 1 and 2 .
When gcc or glibc rounds halfway cases incorrectly , it does so either up or down .
I found Visual C++ to consistently round incorrectly down .
I found an incorrect conversion for a “ less than halfway case ” in gcc / glibc ; I found no such example in Visual C++.
Summary
I ’ve demonstrated that a decimal floating - point number is not guaranteed to convert to its closest binary floating - point number .
Also , I ’ve shown that a decimal floating - point number may be converted to different binary floating - point numbers , depending on which compiler or run-time library is used .
My hubby - to - be and I are both artists .
He calls me his " doodle bunny " and he is my froggie .
He loves zombies and we both love robots .
Therefore , in the spirit of celebrating our general awesomeness and the things that symbolize our relationship , we will be having a zombie - frog - robot - bunny themed wedding .
In planning our wedding , we felt that the invitations would have a vital role in communicating our artistic vision for the event to our guests .
This meant we had to DIY our invites .
In the spirit of our zombie - frog - robot - bunny theme , we drew some doodles ( seen above ! ) to have printed on the inside of our invites .
The zombies were printed onto the inside cover of the external portion of the invite , and the robot was printed onto the outside flap of the inner portion of the invitations ( we used really nice paper from our local artist supply for the inside . )
People will be so surprised when they open them up and find a robot , a frog , a bunny and me and " my bug " zombified !
Yay for handmade Robot Bunny Frog Zombie weddings !
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn
I ’ve recently noticed a lot of columns discussing the issue of economic stimulus .
When the articles are written by journalists , they almost never include any discussion of the pros and cons of additional monetary stimulus .
Here are examples by David Leonhardt , David Frum and Fareed Zakaria , but there are many more out there .
Leonhardt says we need more stimulus , and seems to think fiscal stimulus is the only option .
Zakaria sees the argument for more fiscal stimulus , but also asks how we can get corporations to do more with their cash hoards .
Frum is skeptical of Obama ’s fiscal approach , but challenges his fellow conservatives to come up with alternatives :
But if Krugman ’s direct government expenditure is not a very good policy answer , his dire economic warning remains a haunting policy question .
What can we do to accelerate economic growth and job creation ?
For those of us on the free - market side of the debate , the question is even more haunting :
What ’s our countervailing idea ?
Readers of this blog might be tempted to dismiss these reporters as ignorant fools .
But they are highly respected reporters coming from diverse ideological perspectives .
Why should they know that additional monetary policy is an option ?
Unless you are a professional macroeconomist , where would you get that information ?
I have no reason to believe that Obama knows something that these three journalists do n’t know .
I assume Obama is equally ignorant of the fine points of unconventional monetary stimulus .
Given that Obama let several Board of Governor seats remain unoccupied for more than a year , it seems highly unlikely that he understands that monetary stimulus is our only real option today .
In commenting on the David Leonhardt piece , Tyler Cowen suggested :
I do not see why we are discussing this issue without placing monetary policy at the center of the analysis .
Yes , but how do we do it ?
Those of us in the blogosphere know about the possibility of unconventional measures like QE and / or higher inflation targets .
And I think it is fair to say that this knowledge is pretty widespread ; Krugman , DeLong , Yglesias , Tim Duy , Andy Harless , Ambrosini , James Hamilton , Ryan Avent , Nick Rowe , Bill Woolsey , David Beckworth , Josh Hendrickson , and many other bloggers have discussed these options .
They certainly are n’t some sort of secret , or some oddball strategy that is only discussed at this blog .
But almost no mainstream journalist or mainstream politician , of any ideology , seems to even know that additional monetary stimulus is an option .
Perhaps someone who reads this blog knows of somebody who knows somebody on the Congressional committees that will be interviewing Obama ’s Fed nominees .
If so , here are some questions to ask :
1. Ben Bernanke has often argued that monetary policymakers do n’t run out of ammunition once rates hit zero .
Do you agree ?
2. Ben Bernanke has often argued that the depressed level of aggregate demand in Japan since 1994 could have been avoided if the Bank of Japan had tried unconventional monetary stimulus .
Do you agree ?
3 . In 2003 , Ben Bernanke suggested that the Japanese should have set a higher price level target once interest rates hit zero and conventional monetary stimulus was no longer possible .
Would a higher price level target policy boost aggregate demand in the US ?
4. Last year Janet Yellen suggested that “ We should want to do more . ”
What does that means ?
Does Janet Yellen disagree with Bernanke ’s view that monetary policy does not run out of ammunition once rates hit zero ?
5 . Does it make sense to increase the budget deficit at a time when monetary stimulus could also be used to increase aggregate demand ?
I generally have little interest in conspiracy theories — with monetary economics so poorly understood , who has the need for nefarious plots ?
Some might argue that shining a light on this issue wo n’t help , that the problem is inflation hawks at the Fed who already know that monetary policy is effective at the zero bound .
I do n’t agree , and the analogy I ’d use is the Iraq War .
Even if you think than Bush and Cheney were determined to attack Iraq , and simply used WMD as an excuse ( and I ’d rather not debate that issue in the comment section ) unless there had been a widespread belief in the press and Congress that Saddam was working on WMD , the Administration would n’t have had enough political support to go to war .
For similar reasons , without widespread ignorance about the effectiveness of monetary policy at the zero bound , the Hoenigs , Plossers , and Lackers of the world would be far less influential .
The Fed is even more dependent on the whims of Congress than the Supreme Court ; so you can be sure that the Fed pays a lot of attention to public opinion .
You guys might not realize this , but you and the readers of other economic blogs are members of a highly select secret society .
We know how the developed world can recover more quickly , without increasing budget deficits .
Let ’s try to make our society less secret and less selective .
PS : There were dozens of articles just like Zakaria ’s written in 1937 - 38 .
How much longer before we hear talk of a “ capital strike ” from those on the left ?
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn
Tags :
This entry was posted on July 05th , 2010 and is filed under Monetary Policy .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
You can leave a response or Trackback from your own site .
WOW .
AT&T says Apple iPhone 4 pre-orders were 10 times higher than the first day of iPhone 3GS pre-orders last year .
And Apple just announced that it took 600,000 iPhone 4 pre-orders yesterday .
That explains why AT&T's and Apple 's systems were so hosed -- and why Apple and AT&T sold out , and why AT&T has suspended pre-orders .
But it does n't excuse AT&T 's privacy meltdown .
This suggests our prediction of 2 million iPhone 4 units sold by June 27 is doable , if Apple can manufacture and ship them fast enough .
AT&T issued the following statement today :
i Phone 4 pre-order sales yesterday were 10 - times higher than the first day of pre-ordering for the iPhone 3G S last year .
Consumers are clearly excited about iPhone 4 , AT&T 's more affordable data plans and our early upgrade pricing .
Given this unprecedented demand and our current expectations for our iPhone 4 inventory levels when the device is available June 24 , we 're suspending pre-ordering today in order to fulfill the orders we 've already received .
The availability of additional inventory will determine if we can resume taking pre-orders .
In addition to unprecedented pre-order sales , yesterday there were more than 13 million visits to AT&T 's website where customers can check to see if they are eligible to upgrade to a new phone ; that number is about 3 - times higher than the previous record for eligibility upgrade checks in one day .
We are working hard to bring iPhone 4 to as many of our customers as soon as possible .
AT&T products and services are provided or offered by subsidiaries and affiliates of AT&T Inc. under the AT&T brand and not by AT&T Inc .
For more information and detailed disclaimer information , please review this announcement in the AT&T newsroom at http://www.att.com/newsroom .
This young tawny frogmouth chick is really a bird -- we swear -- despite its resemblance to the fictional pygmy puff of Harry Potter lore .
It 's one of the newest residents at Seattle 's Woodland Park Zoo , one of only four zoos to have bred the odd - looking creatures in the past six years .
Tawny frogmouths are native to Australia and New Guinea ; in fact , this youngster 's parents arrived in Seattle from Australia 's Taronga Zoo earlier this year .
Zookeepers cared for the egg in an incubator before it hatched , but the newborn chick was quickly handed over to its parents ; zoo staffer Ryan Hawk says they 've proven attentive caregivers so far .
Tawny frogmouths are often thought to be owls , but actually differ from " true owls " in many respects , including anatomy ( frogmouths ' beaks and feet are different from owls ' ) and food - gathering style ( frogmouths prefer to wait for prey to come to them , rather than hunting " on the wing " as owls do ) .
-- Lindsay Barnett
Photo : Erika Schultz / Associated Press
“ I think everyone is united on both sides of Atlantic obviously , quite rightly , and understandably within US administration and I ’m sure within BP itself , to deal with this problem .
It is an ecological catastrophe – It does need to be dealt with . "
Legendary director Ridley Scott helped close the first Los Angeles Times Hero Complex Film Festival in style Sunday .
He screened two of his most accomplished films , Alien and Blade Runner , and in between simultaneously inspired and gave the world some awesome news on his two upcoming Alien prequels .
In the original Alien , right before Kane ( John Hurt ) gets planted with a Face Hugger , he sees the skeleton of a giant being sitting in a chair .
This being is regularly referred to as “ The Space Jockey ” and Scott said he always wondered who being was and what was its story .
He said that being now has a story .
The script has been written and he is currently in preproduction on a set of films that will begin to tell how “ The Space Jockey ” fits into the world of Alien .
Hit the jump to read more details about these upcoming Alien movies as well as the entire run down of Scott ’s Q&A .
Plus , do n’t forget to read about Leonard Nimoy from Friday and Christopher Nolan from Saturday .
Festival host and moderator Geoff Boucher started off the Q&A by asking Scott how he was doing .
He recently had knee replacement surgery and is still on the mend .
– Scott was amazed we were going to watch two of his films back to back .
He joking said he wished we had done it when Blade Runner was released because it was a box office failure , not in small part because it opened the same day at E.T .
– As a child , Scott thought science fiction was sort of cheesy until he saw the Mad Max films and the art work of Moebius , who he mentioned on SEVERAL occasions .
– He told the story of how Alien came to be .
He was trying to get something going after The Duelisits and after a meeting in Hollywood , his producer took him to see Star Wars at the Grauman ’s Chinese .
Scott said he felt a vibe in the packed theater that he has n’t felt since and walked out sick with envy .
A few months later , the script for Alien came across his desk and he had to do it .
– He said he was the fifth person the script was sent to and it was in danger of being killed .
When he realized he knew how to shoot it , he went in and proposed they do n’t change one word .
– The original budget was 4.2 million dollars , but after spending several months drawing storyboards , the studio got excited and doubled the budget .
He feels storyboarding is almost as important as writing .
– When he can , Scott will spend two hours in the morning each day just reading with no distractions .
He thinks it ’s essential to read things pure .
– Scott loves the Alien franchise and was kind of upset they never asked him to come back .
In fact , he did n’t even know they were making a second one when they started .
– He stressed that , though after Alien he had two flops with Blade Runner and Legend , filmmakers should be their only critic .
Money does n’t matter as long as you are proud of it .
That dogma has paid off as both films are now revered .
– This was when he started talking about his new Alien movies .
He said he was always amazed that no one explored the backstory of “ The Space Jockey ” in the sequels because it ’s so obvious in the first movie .
So now a script has been written and it ’s being prepped .
The story has no set timeline except that it ’s WAY before the first Alien so that they can fit in enough history for two movies .
Scott explained that once you learn the history of how the jockey encountered the aliens , you ’ll also want to learn about how he got there .
– He ’s done a lot of underwater research for the upcoming movies .
– This film will go very deep into the possibilities of terra forming and the realities of what it would actually take for humans to leave earth .
He then started talking sort of technically about light speed and stuff .
– Sigourney Weaver was n’t cast until 3 weeks before shooting and though she ’d gained acclaim on Broadway , she had n’t really done a film at the time .
When he met her the short Scott ( who is 5 foot 8 inches ) was extremely impressed and kind of taken back by her size .
She tested on the actual set , because they were close to shooting and it was being built .
Scott said he could have cut the test into the movie .
– While casting Blade Runner , he decided he might want Harrison Ford for the lead role but his producers had n’t heard of him .
Ridley then said he was the guy who flew the “ maltese falcon ” which got a laugh .
Anyway , he figured if Spielberg and Lucas cast him in their new movie , Raiders of the Lost Ark , he must be good .
That film was shooting down the street from where Scott was so one night Ford showed up for a meeting in full Indiana Jones gear .
He got the job that night .
– He believes all the on set friction between him and Ford has been largely overstated , however , believes that tension keeps people honest on a set .
He had a very specific look for Blade Runner and hated having to explain himself over and over .
– Scott operated the camera himself on Alien and Legend .
– Filmmaking is a team effort without question .
The director is the coach and must be left in control .
– Working in advertising was his film school and did n’t get into films until much later .
He was 42 when he directed Blade Runner and felt a lot of pressure .
– He has been doing physical therapy for several months now on his rehabbed knee and sees Harrison Ford every day at the same gym .
Said he has put on a lot of muscle for Cowboys and Aliens , which begins shooting this week .
– Scott was n’t able to pick which of his brother Tony Scott ’s films was his favorite but he said his two student films , One of the Missing and A Loving Memory , were the best student films he has ever seen .
– They are currently on the 4th draft of a screenplay for the sci-fi The Forever War , based on a novel by Joe Haldeman .
He hopes to make it in the future .
– Scott ’s favorite Star Wars film is Episode 4 , A New Hope , because it is so romantic .
As a producer , he looks for “ romantic bones in a director ’s body ” and that was Lucas at his most romantic .
– Growing up , his family was very strict and did n’t talk about sexuality .
So , at the time , he felt sci - fi was very tawdry and he was discouraged from seeing the movies .
The Day the Earth Stood Still and On the Beach changed that , followed by 2001 .
The rest of the questions were from the audience .
– When setting up shots , it ’s all through intuition from a lot of preparation .
He used to do 100 - 150 commercials a year so he is used to shooting very fast and doing everything on the fly .
– He never rehearses with his actors outside of table reads .
Many times , the first time he sees anything play out is on the set .
He said that ’s okay because the actors he hires do their homework .
– Boucher asked about a Robin Hood sequel but instead of answering that , he just started talking about his Robin Hood movie .
He loves the Mel Brooks film , not so much the Errol Flynn , and felt the film was a challenge because everyone has incorrect preconceived notions of Robin Hood and he wanted to go against that .
He would , however , like to do a sequel .
– Alex Billington from FirstShowing .net said that in the past Scott said that “ Sci - Fi is as dead as westerns ” and asked why he changed his mind ?
He said he did n’t remember saying that but now has a western in development , and it ’s being written by Larry McMurtry ( Brokeback Mountain ) .
– If he had done the sequel to Alien , he would have made the movie he is making now about “ The Space Jockey . ”
– Blade Runner is so radically different from Philip K. Dick ’s Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ?
because that book has way too much going on to be just one movie .
It was Hampton Fancher ’s choice to diverge from the book .
– The title Blade Runner came from a William F. Burroughs story and they bought the rights for $ 4,000 .
This sounded like a joke but maybe it was n’t .
And that ’s the end of the weekend .
It was a total blast .
A class operation that ran smoothly and professionally thanks to Geoff Boucher , the Los Angeles Times and the Mann Chinese Cinemas .
Here ’s hoping they do it again next year .
Last year , Australia received only 1.6 per cent of the asylum applications made across 44 industrialised nations .
This is no surprise , as the vast majority of refugees remain in their region of origin .
There is no reason to suspect that significant numbers of refugees will make their way here .
There is also an assumption that asylum seekers pose some ill - defined risk independent of their numbers .
They do not constitute a threat to Australia 's health or security .
Humane refugee policies adopted by both parties throughout the 1970s and early ' 80s facilitated , without crisis or fanfare , the successful integration of refugees , many of whom have come to make a valuable contribution to Australian life .
Albert Einstein was a refugee .
Bob Marley was a refugee .
The Von Trapp family were refugees .
And , today , at least 7 per cent of Australians have been , or have a parent or grandparent who has been , a refugee .
Since 2001 , the number of asylum seekers arriving by boat has never exceeded 4 per cent .
Most asylum seekers arrive by plane on tourist or student visas and their claims for protection are assessed while they live in the community .
If there is an additional or extraordinary risk associated with boat arrivals that requires special treatment , the public has not seen any evidence of it .
Immigration policy is also driven by the assumption that boat arrivals are queue - jumping rule - breakers .
It 's no surprise that this misconception has lodged itself in popular belief .
The Coalition 's nine - page border - control policy directions statement uses the word '' illegal ' ' 25 times - yet there is no rule of international or domestic law that prohibits seeking asylum by boat .
The irony here is that while much of the rhetoric casts boat arrivals as lawbreakers , it 's Australian governments of both persuasions that violate international law ( and , in some cases , domestic law ) through their immigration detention policies .
A zero energy home , an electric car .
Powered by the sun .
ACCC Takes Optus To Court Over “ Unlimited ” Broadband Plans
When Optus announced “ unlimited / ” broadband plans in that came with plenty of limitations , readers asked why the ACCC had n’t intervened .
Now it has , with a court hearing scheduled for June over its use of the phrase .
The ACCC ’s announcement of its case against Optus focuses on two examples : “ unlimited ” calls on the Turbo Max plan and the more general notion that an “ unlimited ” phone and broadband plan ca n’t be called that if the “ offers are subject to a number of limitations and restrictions ” .
It ’s a reminder that unlimited downloads are n’t likely in Australia any time soon .
[ ACCC ]
1. ) When a group of males sit in a circle , jerking each other off .
2. ) * NOT * when a group of males stand in a circle to jerk off onto a cookie or anything of the sort .
That retarded frat game is called " Limp Biscuit " ... which kind of indirectly explains why the band of the same namesake is so fucking horrible .
3. )
When a bunch of blowhards - usually politicians - get together for a debate but usually end up agreeing with each other 's viewpoints to the point of redundancy , stroking each other 's egos as if they were extensions of their genitals ( ergo , the mastubatory insinuation ) .
Basically , it 's what happens when the choir preaches to itself .
4. )
A game on MXC that 's based on sumo wrestling .
Beware the Green Teabagger .
Guest Post by Willis Eschenbach
I ’m a long - time ocean devotee .
I ’ve spent a good chunk of my life on and under the ocean as a commercial and sport fisherman , a surfer , a blue - water sailor , and a commercial and sport diver .
So I ’m concerned that the new poster - boy of alarmism these days is sea-water “ acidification ” from CO2 dissolving into the ocean .
Heck , even the name “ acidification ” is alarmist , because sea water is not acid , nor will it every be .
What we are seeing is a slight reduction in how alkaline the sea water is .
There is a recent and interesting study in GRL by Byrne et al. , entitled “ Direct observations of basin - wide acidification of the North Pacific Ocean “ .
This study reports on the change in ocean alkalinity over a 15 year period ( 1991 - 2006 ) along a transect of the North Pacific from Hawaii to Alaska .
( A “ transect ” is a path along which one measures some variable or variables . )
Here is the path of the transect :
Figure 1 . Path ( transect ) used for the measurement of the change in oceanic alkalinity .
I love researching climate , because there ’s always so much to learn .
Here ’s what I learned from the Byrne et al. paper .
The first thing that I learned is that when you go from the tropics ( Hawaii ) to the North Pacific ( Alaska ) , the water becomes less and less alkaline .
Who knew ?
So even without any CO2 , if you want to experience “ acidification ” of the ocean water , just go from Hawaii to Alaska … you did n’t notice the change from the “ acidification ” ?
You did n’t have your toenails dissolved by the increased acidity ?
Well , the sea creatures did n’t notice either .
They flourish in both the more alkaline Hawaiian waters and the less alkaline Alaskan waters .
So let ’s take a look at how large the change is along the transect .
Changes in alkalinity / acidity are measured in units called “ pH ” .
A neutral solution has a pH of 7.0 .
Above a pH of 7.0 , the solution is alkaline .
A solution with a pH less than 7.0 is acidic .
pH is a logarithmic scale , so a solution with a pH of 9.0 is ten times as alkaline as a solution with a pH of 8.0 .
Figure 2 shows the measured pH along the transect .
The full size graphic is here .
Figure 2 . Measured ocean pH from the surface down to the ocean bottom along the transect shown in Figure 1 .
The second thing I learned from the study is that the pH of the ocean is very different in different locations .
As one goes from Hawaii to Alaska the pH slowly decreases along the transect , dropping from 8.05 all the way down to 7.65 .
This is a change in pH of almost half a unit .
And everywhere along the transect , the water at depth is much less alkaline , with a minimum value of about 7.25 .
The third thing I learned from the study is how little humans have changed the pH of the ocean .
Figure 3 shows their graph of the anthropogenic pH changes along the transect .
The full - sized graphic is here :
Figure 3 . Anthropogenic changes in the pH , from the surface to 1,000 metres depth , over 15 years ( 1991 - 2006 )
The area of the greatest anthropogenic change over the fifteen years of the study , as one might imagine , is at the surface .
The maximum anthropogenic change over the entire transect was - 0.03 pH in fifteen years .
The average anthropogenic change over the top 150 metre depth was - 0.023 .
From there down to 800 metres the average anthropogenic change was - 0.011 in fifteen years .
This means that for the top 800 metres of the ocean , where the majority of the oceanic life exists , the human induced change in pH was - 0.013 over 15 years .
This was also about the amount of pH change in the waters around Hawaii .
Now , remember that the difference in pH between the surface water in Hawaii and Alaskan is 0.50 pH units .
That means that at the current rate of change , the surface water in Hawaii will be as alkaline as the current Alaskan surface water in … well … um … lessee , divide by eleventeen , carry the quadratic residual … I get a figure of 566 years .
But of course , that is assuming that there would not be any mixing of the water during that half - millennium .
The ocean is a huge place , containing a vast amount of carbon .
The atmosphere contains about 750 gigatonnes of carbon in the form of CO2 .
The ocean contains about fifty times that amount .
It is slowly mixed by wind , wave , and currents .
As a result , the human carbon contribution will not stay in the upper layers as shown in the graphs above .
It will be mixed into the deeper layers .
Some will go into the sediments .
Some will precipitate out of solution .
So even in 500 years , Hawaiian waters are very unlikely to have the alkalinity of Alaskan waters .
The final thing I learned from this study is that creatures in the ocean live happily in a wide range of alkalinities , from a high of over 8.0 down to almost neutral .
As a result , the idea that a slight change in alkalinity will somehow knock the ocean dead does n’t make any sense .
By geological standards , the CO2 concentration in the atmosphere is currently quite low .
It has been several times higher in the past , with the inevitable changes in the oceanic pH … and despite that , the life in the ocean continued to flourish .
My conclusion ?
To mis-quote Mark Twain , “ The reports of the ocean ’s death have been greatly exaggerated . ”
[ UPDATE ]
Several people have asked how I know that their method for separating the amount of anthropogenic warming from the total warming is correct .
I do not know if it is correct .
I have assumed it is for the purposes of this discussion , to show that even if they are correct , the amount is so small and the effect would be so slow as to be meaningless .
[ UPDATE ] WUWT regular Smokey pointed us to a very interesting dataset .
It shows the monthly changes in pH at the inlet pipe to the world famous Monterey Bay Aquarium in central California .
I used to fish commercially for squid just offshore of the aquarium , it is a lovely sight at night .
Figure 4 shows the pH record for the inlet water .
Figure 4 . pH measurements at the inlet pipe to the Monterey Bay Aquarium .
Inlet depth is 50 ′ ( 15 metres ) .
Light yellow lines show standard error of each month ’s measurements , indicating a wide spread of pH values in each month .
Red interval at the top right shows the theoretical pH change which the Byrne et al.
paper says would have occurred over the time period of the dataset .
Photo shows kids at the Aquarium looking at the fish .
Photo source .
There are several conclusions from this .
First , the sea creatures in the Monterey Bay can easily withstand a change in pH of 0.5 in the course of a single month .
Second , the Byrne estimate of the theoretical change from anthropogenic CO2 over the period ( red interval , upper right corner ) is so tiny as to be totally lost in the noise .
This ability to withstand changes in the pH is also visible in the coral atolls .
It is not widely recognized that the pH of the sea water is affected by the net production of carbon by the life processes of the coral reefs .
This makes the water on the reef less alkaline ( more acidic ) than the surrounding ocean water .
Obviously , all of the lagoon life thrives in that more acidic water .
In addition , because of the combination of the production of carbon by the reef and the changes in the amount of water entering the lagoon with the tides , the pH of the water can change quite rapidly .
For example , in a study done in Shiraho Reef , the pH of the water inside the reef changes in 12 hours by one full pH unit ( 7.8 to 8.8 ) .
This represents about a thousand years worth of the theoretical anthropogenic change estimated from the Byrne et al. paper …
The sea is a complex , buffered environment in which the pH is changing constantly .
The life there is able to live and thrive despite rapidly large variations in pH .
I ’m sorry , but I see no reason to be concerned about possible theoretical damage from a possible theoretical change in oceanic pH from increasing CO2 .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
arasında her zaman güncel ve sistemli kalabilen canlı adreslerin başında geliyor .
Bu konuda ideal bir kaynak diyebiliriz site için .
İleri düzey bir bahis akışına sizler Restbet ’e üyelik açarak ulaşma şansı bulabilirsiniz .
Aynı zamanda sitedeki genel güncellik de etkile şim kurma açısından ihtiyaç duyabilece ğiniz kaliteli kaynakların her birisine bu sitenin genel yapıs ı ile ulaşım sağlayabilirsiniz .
Bu kapsamda bakıld ığında da Restbet için çok çeşitli ve detaycı bir canlı bahis sitesi tanımını yapmak da doğru olabilir .
Her açıdan hızl ı bir canlı bahis akışına bu sitedeki genel düzey üzerinden dahil olabilir , daha etkin bir bahis – casino oluşumu içerisine de kendinizi dahil edebilirsiniz .
Restbet yönetimi de etkin bir bahis akışına ulaşımı destekleyici bir sistemde ilerleyiş gösteriyor .
Keza siteye üyelik açan her kullanıcıy ı sağlam bir hoş geldin bonusu karşılamakta .
Aynı zamanda altyapısal açıdan da destekli bir site .
Lisansını Curaçao Şans Oyunları Komisyonu ’ndan sağl ıyor .
Ki Online Gaming sektöründe uzun yıllardır faal kalabilen bir altyapısal oluşum kurduğu için de , detaycılığı daha etkin , çok daha kesintisiz bir düzene ulaştırma şansı da Restbet yönetimince mümkün hale gelebilir .
Bu konuda sitenin hem güven verici nakit işlemleri hem de ileri düzey bir promosyon akışıyla faal kalabildiğini de rahatlıkla söyleyebiliriz .
Restbet hakkında bu detaylara rağmen sitenin genel düzenine dair bilgi sahibi olmak isteyenlerin de çok fazla olduğunun bilinci ile hareket etmek istiyoruz .
Bu sebepten dolayı da sizler için Restbet güvenilir bir site mi ?
Sitede hangi kaynaklar ve ne tarz bir yayın akışıyla ilerleyiş gösteriyor belirtmek istiyoruz .
Bu sayede sitedeki genel düzeni çok daha pratik bir şekilde yakalama fırsatını da bulmuş olacaksınız .
Restbet Giriş Adresi
Öncelikle Restbet giriş adresinin belli başlı dönemler içerisinde adres değişimleri gerçekle ştirerek ilerleme durumunda kaldığını belirtmek isteriz .
Bu sistemde gerçekten sitedeki düzen oturmuş bir ritim yakalamıştır .
Yani ne kadar adres değiştirme durumuyla karş ılaşırsa karşılaşsın , bu sitede daima ileri seviye bir bahis – sonuç alanına erişim sağlamanız mümkün hale gelebilir .
Bu sistemin kendisini yenileyerek ilerlemesindeki esas amacı ise , sitenin mevcut altyapısı ile alakalı bir durumdur aslında .
Çünkü ülkemizde altyapısal açıdan yabancı kaynaklı olan bahis sitelerinde sürekli bir şekilde erişim engeli gelmektedir .
İşte bu tarz engellemeler dolay ı da birçok bahis sitesi de yeni bir giriş adresi açıp yola devam etme durumunu ortaya koymaktadır .
Bu kapsamda Restbet canlı bahis sitesi de , her engel sonrasında kaldığı yerden devam edebilmek adına yeni bir domain açarak ilerleyen adresler arasında .
Bu konuda sistemli bir düzeye ulaşan sitedeki genel yapının da daimi bir işlevsellik kurduğunu söyleyebiliriz .
Pratik bir bahis alanına doğrudan odaklanabilir , en verimli bet hamlelerini sağlam promosyonlarla değerlendirme olanağı bulabilirsiniz .
Bu sistem bakıld ığı zaman Restbet güncel giriş adresinin her zaman güven aşılayan bir yapı kurduğu da gözlerden kaçmamalı .
Ki sitedeki bu yenilikçi domain düzenine erişim de çok basit bir şekilde sağlanabiliyor .
Site yönetimi genel düzeni hakkında kullan ıcılarını sürekli bilgilendirir .
Ana sayfasında var olan 7/24 müşteri iletişim hattı , aynı zamanda bu tarz durumlarda kullan ıcılarına bilgilendirici mail ve kısa mesaj da atmakta .
Bu işlevsellik kapsamında da her zaman daha verimli bir şans akışı da bir tık ile elinizin altında yer edinmesini başarmış olacaktır .
Restbet Mobil Giriş
Restbet bahis sitesine bilgisayarların yanı sıra mobil cihazlarla da giriş yapma imkanı bulabilirsiniz .
Bu kapsamda bakıld ığında da zaten sizler artık akıllı telefonlar ve tablet cihazlarla da istediğiniz her an Restbet ana sayfasına giriş yapma olanağı bulabilirsiniz .
Restbet mobil düzen , tamamen hızl ı ve sistematik bir yapıda yön buluyor .
Bu konuda site yönetimi de klasik versiyonla birebir bir etkileşim oluşturup sistemli bir canlı yayın akışı da sizlerin elinizin altında yer edinebilir .
Bu kapsamda da zaten Restbet sitesinin mobil düzenine uyumluluk sağlayan bir tasarımı var .
Yani sitenin bilgisayar kısmında ne buluyorsanız , mobil ana sayfasında da aynı etkileşimlere odaklanma imkanı bulabilirsiniz .
Bahis oranlarını değerlendirebilir , çeşitli canlı bahis hamleleri ve anlık casino oyunlarına odaklanabilirsiniz .
Aynı açıdan bakıld ığında da zaten site yönetimi de kullan ıcıların mobil versiyonlarına da uyum sağlamaları adına her türlü işleyişi göz önüne almaktadır .
Bununla birlikte Restbet mobil aşamalarına dahil olmak da çok basit .
Bunun için sitenin güncel giriş adresini mobil cihazlarınıza yazmalısınız .
Bu sizi otomatik olarak zaten ana sayfasına yönlendirmiş olacaktır .
Mobil cihazlarınızı kullanarak bahis yapmak , Restbet ’teki bütün ayrıcalıkları takip etmek ve doğrudan kazanç imkanı oluşturmak sizi fazlasıyla memnun edebilir .
Keza site yönetimi de bu etkileşime erişimi destekleyici birçok unsurla faal kalabiliyor .
Bu da pratik bir şekilde Restbet ana sayfasına girişi desteklemiş olacaktır .
Restbet Kayıt
Birçok özelliğe ve imkana sahip olan Restbet sitesindeki bu etkin düzenlere odaklanma konusunda atacağınız adımların başında Restbet kayıt geliyor .
Etkili bir bahis düzeni kurma konusunda site yönetimi kayıt aşamalarının sorunsuz bir şekilde gerçekle ştirilmesini ister .
Ki bakıld ığında da zaten ana sayfasının sağ üst köşesine dahil olarak siteye kısa sürede kayıt gerçekle ştirme olanağı da yakalamış olacaksınız .
Birkaç dakikanızı alacak kadar pratik bir süreçte yön bulacak olan Restbet ’in üyelik işlemlerinde önemli olan şey kayıt formuna kendi bilgilerinizi eksiksiz bir şekilde girmeyi başarmak olmalı .
Burada titiz , sistemli ve detaycı bir kazanım alanını da elinizin altında tutacak , bu sayede daha hızlı ve Restbet ayrıcal ıklarına odaklanacağınız bir alan kuracaksınız .
Restbet Güvenilir Bir Site Mi ?
Restbet pek çok açıdan güven unsurunu pekiştiren bir site .
İdeal bir şekilde bahis yapma , aynı anda daha hızl ı bir kazanıma odaklanma ve daima daha da çeşitlendirici bir işlevsellik kurma olanağını sizler Restbet işlevselliğinde değerlendirebilirsiniz .
Site kazançlı bir bahis akışı kurmak isteyenlere ideal bir kaynak oluşturabiliyor .
Ki bu sayede de detaycılığı yakalar , kazançlarınızın yönetimini de site içerisinde sıkıntısız bir şekilde sağlayabilirsiniz .
Bahis yapma konusunda sorunsuz bir adres diyebiliriz Restbet için .
İdeal fırsatları ve detay yönlendirmeleri ile kullan ıcılarına hizmet sunuyor .
Bu yapıs ı ile memnun edici seviyeler sunduğu için de sitedeki genel düzenden her fırsatta memnun kalıp daha da iyisine odaklanma imkanı bulabilirsiniz .
Genel Değerlendirme
Genel yapısı gereği Restbet ’in her zaman güçlü ve sistemli bir bahis düzeninde ilerlediği söylenebilir .
Her zaman sıkınt ısız ve çok yönlü bir bet etkileşimine ulaşma konusunda siteye dahil olabilir , kazançl ı ve detaycı bir şans akışını da doğrudan değerlendirebilirsiniz .
Çeşitli olanaklara ev sahipliği yapan bu başarılı siteden her daim verim elde edebilirsiniz .
