- John Madden , Director , NPR Star Wars audio dramas
" What secret ingredient does audio theater possess that makes it so seductive ...?
The answer ... lies not in a special ingredient , but in the lack of one .
Audio is blind .
Audio is the most intensely visual of media precisely because of its sightlessness . "
- Yuri Rasovsky , The Well - Tempered Audio Dramatist
" I still think radio is probably the greatest entertainment medium ever invented .
It made the audience work , and I think television audiences do n't have to work — that 's why they fall asleep half of the time .
" ... what makes radio really exciting is the all - round creativity of it .
The writer creates the original , then the director creates the ambiance for the actors , and the brilliant technicians who manipulate the tapes , dials , sounds and music create the atmosphere .
But the most creative of all participants in the joys of radio are the listeners , the audience ....
The listener is set designer , costume designer , make - up man , and even the casting department .
They ' see ' the characters they hear , then put them into the drama quite literally , in make - up , into the set , the wardrobe , even the mood and atmosphere . "
- Vincent Price , 1970 interview
" Science fiction is perhaps the most important audio theatre genre in the 21st century and if one includes the related genres of horror and fantasy , these works of creative imagination , technical prowess and infinite possibilities are the most entertaining artists in this field have to offer . "
Standing behind his wooden bar in the low - lit surrounds of the last bistro in Fontenay - Saint - Père , Valéry Letouzey flashes a weak smile of embarrassment when asked about his diminishing stock of pastis .
" There was some , " he says , reaching back to the liquor shelf and peering in vain inside an emerald bottle of aniseed 51 .
" But now it 's all gone . "
He replaces it on the shelf , and shrugs .
There 's no martini , either .
Times are hard for Le Fontenoy , the only surviving cafe in this village in north - central France which once had three , as well as a butcher 's , a boulangerie , a grocer 's and a restaurant .
Now , as changing habits and new laws alter the residents ' relationship with an erstwhile local fixture , its future is looking bleak .
It is a bistro with no kitchen , a former tabac with no cigarettes , and Letouzey 's coffers are as empty as his bottle of pastis .
In a last - ditch attempt to save the cafe he deems " the social link of the village " , the determined patron has launched an online appeal for donations which he hopes will bring in enough money to keep the business afloat in the short term .
If he does not get the ¤ 10,000 ( £ 9,000 ) he has asked for , he warns , " we 'll be dead .
It 'll be quick . "
The fundraising mission at Fontenay - Saint - Père , about 35 miles north - west of Paris , has attracted considerable media attention .
But its struggle is just the tip of the iceberg .
Last year , in its île de France region alone , about 2,000 bistros and cafes went under .
Across France as a whole , about are 35,000 still open .
In the 1960s there were 200,000 .
Last week Le Parisien , the capital 's daily newspaper , issued a clarion call for the hard - hit bistro , warning on its front page that time was running out to save the " fast disappearing " bastion of " jambon beurre baguettes , egg mayonnaise , jokes , chat and table football " .
But opinions are divided on how to go about this .
Many , including the government , feel that it is up to the industry to adapt according to the needs of society and that any business that cannot keep up with the pace of change does not deserve to survive .
Bernard Quartier , president of an industry group representing cafes and brasseries , believes the onus is on owners to provide their customers with new services , such as showing sporting events on television or offering coffees for the symbolically low price of one euro .
( Parisian customers can often expect to pay almost three times as much for an espresso . )
Quartier believes that owners can sometimes display an intransigence which does them untold financial harm .
" It 's unbelievable that in 2007 60 % of cafes still were n't selling diet coke , " he said .
But while the need to adapt is widely acknowledged , others feel this approach is short - sighted .
For them , the combined effect of a smoking ban , a drink - driving crackdown , the arrival of supermarkets and a widespread reliance on mobile phones and computers for human interaction has made the forces working against local establishments too great for individual patrons to withstand .
In order to resist , they say , the state needs to step in , and soon .
" They have to be subsidised , " said Monique Eleb , a sociologist who has studied in depth the role of cafes in French society .
She believes that those bistros that play a role in the local community should benefit from state funding to keep them afloat .
Otherwise , she warns , France will lose a crucial part of its social fabric .
" [ In cafes ] speech is free and there 's a place for everyone …
The customer has the impression of existing amidst humanity , " she told Le Parisien , adding that pressure to adapt to the needs of the public in the 21st century – particularly young people – had led to an identity crisis for many traditional venues .
As they woo new clients , they lose the old ones , and the goal of having a functioning , profitable business is chased at the expense of a flourishing social facility .
The latter model is exactly what Letouzey is trying to do with Le Fontenoy .
And , while he has made concessions to the modern world by installing free wireless internet , he believes that if his cafe survives long - term it will be because of an expanded role in the village .
He plans to follow the words of Balzac and strengthen the bistro's role as " a parliament of the people " by holding more concerts at the weekend , so - called cafe philo sessions for debate , and fairytale readings for children .
A good bistro , he explains , is somewhere " open to everyone , a forum , a place of exchange , where you can meet people and , whether you 're a woman or a man or a child you … can live in perfect harmony . "
" Maybe it sounds a bit utopian , " he says , " but … close the cafe and neighbours wo n't meet each other any more .
They go to work , they go home .
Not every neighbour is going to make the effort to approach others . "
Even in those rare businesses – mostly in Paris and other big cities – which are still going strong , this social dimension is on the wane .
Yannick Bel - Ange , a barman at the popular Bistrot du Peintre in the south - east of the capital , says that even as his custom has increased , the venue 's communal spirit has diminished .
" As soon as it's nice outside everyone is on the terrace and the bar is deserted , " he said .
" People are more individualistic .
There are still some people who come in to have a chat over a drink or a coffee but they are rare .
That 's society changing …
People have less time for each other .
In Paris , that is ; in the provinces it 's different . "
For the hundred or so regulars of Le Fontenoy battling to save their bistro it is certainly different .
" It 's a place where I come a lot , just to chat , meet friends , talk about our days , our personal stuff , " said Tony Carrier .
" I remember when there were places like that all over the village , and now this is the only one .
It would be a real shame if it closed . "
Pulling together to organise fundraising concerts and community events , the bistro's patrons have made clear their loyalty to a building that has served for years as their local lieu de vie – place of life .
That 's not going to change , they say – even if there is no more pastis .
Today , Reuters reports that many men refuse to use condoms because they do n't want to buy ones small enough to fit them .
Does this kind of penis anxiety deserve our sympathy ?
Advertisement
Researchers at the University of Kentucky and the Kinsey Institute studied 436 men and found at 45 % said they 'd used an ill - fitting condom in the past six months .
These men were more likely to report that the condom was uncomfortable , or that it slipped or broke .
They were also more likely to remove the condom during sex , which the researchers call " another form of condom failure " and we call " being an asshole . "
But just telling dudes to buy condoms that fit might not work — the researchers said men often would n't buy condoms labeled " small " or " medium . "
On the one hand , the idea that masculinity and attractiveness are determined by dick size is stupid and damaging to men .
As is oft - repeated , most women do n't care that much about it .
This month 's Glamour turns its " Hey , it 's OK " spotlight on dudes , with reader quotes like , " I would personally rather have a smaller dude than a freakishly huge one " and " if he knows how to use what he 's been given — hands and mouth , too — and wants to please , any size works . "
The fact that guys are conditioned to think that buying a " small " condom makes them less of a man is just one more way the patriarchy sucks for men too .
Advertisement
But : they should still get the fuck over it .
Women are judged harshly for every aspect of our bodies , and now even a size 4 is too fat for some people .
But rather than justifying putting a sex partner at risk , female body anxiety is supposed to guilt us into losing weight .
And I 'm not sure where the researchers found men who eschew " small " and " medium " condoms ( maybe they visited this site ? ) .
Trojans , like fast food , come in " regular , " " large , " and " extra- large . "
Say what you want about vanity sizing , women 's clothing companies do n't bend over backwards like this to boost our self - esteem .
So while I 'm all for whatever will convince more dudes to wear condoms — perhaps a larger range of fits would be beneficial — I can't say I have much sympathy for the guy who wo n't wrap it up because he 's embarrassed about his dick .
After all , I do n't expect my birth control , or any other commercially available product for that matter , to make me feel good about myself .
I 'm just lucky if it does n't make me feel bad .
Poor Fit May Explain Why Men Refuse Condoms [ Reuters ]
Related : When Size Four Is Too Fat [ Broadsheet ]
Learning the essentials of online advertising with a sample will give you a very useful projection about what you can benefit using the OpenX Ad Server .
It will provide you a strong foundation to get the most out of OpenX Ad Server main features .
As the majority of web hosting service providers do not have one - click installation for OpenX , we have to install OpenX on our own in most cases .
Installing OpenX Ad Server is not a difficult task and follows a standard procedure just like other PHP and MySQL - based open source software .
On the other hand , there are some important key points that we should be careful about :
In this chapter , we shall learn about :
This chapter is suggested for reading even if you are a tech - savvy computer user , as you can eliminate the possible problems while installing OpenX Ad Server .
Basics of OpenX Ad Serving
OpenX Ad Server system was designed to manage all aspects of an online advertising business efficiently .
Here , we will briefly look at the main OpenX terms and their interaction with each other .
An advertiser is the person ( people ) or organization who owns the banners that you will display in your advertisement serving environment ( blogs , websites , e-mail newsletters , and so on ) .
A campaign is a set of banners that is targeted to promote a service or product ( s ) typically .
A banner is a creative content that will be displayed as an advertisement .
The most common banner formats are images png , jpg , gif , animated gifs , text links , JavaScripts , Texts , HTML , and Flash ( SWF ) files .
An advertiser can have multiple campaigns and each campaign can have any number of banners inside .
The following sample diagram shows the relationship among the termsâ advertiser , campaign , and banner :
A website is the representation of publisher side on OpenX system where advertisements will be shown .
A zone is a predefined placeholder in a website to show banners .
A website can have multiple zones .
Banners or campaigns can be connected to zones in OpenX Ad Server environment .
Here is a sample connection diagram :
An ideal advertisement statement is the complete presentation of a banner using all the terms and target parameters .
For example , an iPhone case manufacturer ( Fictitious Cases ) wants to start a campaign for their latest leather case Model X on several blogs .
Now , let 's define a sample ideal advertisement statement using several parameters .
The advertiser , Fictitious Cases wants to start iPhone Leather Case Model X campaign .
The campaign will be activated next week on Monday at 10:00 automatically .
The campaign will end in 120 days and banners will automatically expire from the system after 120 days .
If the campaign reaches 10,000 clicks or 4,000,000 impressions before 120 days , the campaign will end up automatically as well as will not wait until the end date .
The banners will be shown on the top 728x90 pixel zone of gadget blog A , on the right 125x125 zone of the mobile phone review site B , and as a text link on the zone defined at the end of each blog post of site A .
They have added three 728x90 banners namely A1 , A2 , and A3 ; two 125x125 banners namely B1 and B2 ; and one text link as " Buy Super Model X here " namely C1 .
As the company is selling its cases to only US customers , the website visitors coming from other countries will not be able to see these ads , thus advertiser 's inventory of clicks or impressions will not be spent .
The banners in the campaign will be shown to website visitors only in US working hours .
The advertiser thinks that each visitor should only see a banner maximum of three times .
So , if a banner reaches this impression count for a visitor , another banner will be shown instead .
So , if the banner A1 is shown three times for a unique visitor , A2 or A3 will be shown on next impression .
The advertiser thinks that A1 banner is much appealing than A2 and A3 , and sets a higher banner impression weight , 3 for A1 , 1 for A2 and A3 .
So , A1 as three times more chances of being shown than the others .
The following diagram shows this Sample campaign :
OpenX Ad Server allows defining a detailed campaign like in this example .
We will learn how to implement an example similar to this and more in OpenX system in further chapters and see how OpenX is the vital solution to manage an advertisement network .
As there were no error reports related to OmniThreadLibrary 1.05 RC , I ’ve released final 1.05 version just few moments ago .
There are almost no changes between the RC and final release – one demo was added and Parallel .
Join code was tweaked a little .
You can download OTL 1.05 from the Google Code .
Alternatively , you can update SVN trunk ( checkout instructions ) or checkout the release - 1.05 tag .
Support is available on the web discussion forum .
Big rename
Many internal classes and interfaces was renamed .
This should not affect most of the users .
TOmniBaseStack –> TOmniBaseBoundedStack
TOmniStack –> TOmniBoundedStack
TOmniBaseQueue –> TOmniBaseBoundedQueue
TOmniQueue –> TOmniBoundedQueue
IInterfaceDictionary –> IOmniInterfaceDictionary
IInterfaceDictionaryEnumerator -> IOmniInterfaceDictionaryEnumerator ,
TInterfaceDictionaryPair –> TOmniInterfaceDictionaryPair
I ’m sorry for that .
Some names are badly chosen and some did not follow the OTL naming conventions .
Dynamic lock - free queue
Implemented dynamically allocated , O ( 1 ) enqueue and dequeue , threadsafe , lock - free queue .
Class TOmniBaseQueue contains base implementation while TOmniQueue adds observer support .
Both classes live in the OtlContainers unit .
Read more about the TOmniQueue : Dynamic lock - free queue – doing it right .
Inverse semaphore
Implemented resource counter with empty state signalling TOmniResourceCount ( unit OtlSync ) .
Read more :
Three steps to the blocking collection : [ 1 ]
Inverse semaphore .
Blocking collection
New unit OtlCollection which contains blocking collection implementation TOmniBlockingCollection .
Read more :
Three steps to the blocking collection : [ 3 ]
Blocking collection
Parallel
New high - level parallelism support ( unit OtlParallel ) .
Requires at least Delphi 2009 .
Two parallel control structures are supported : for each ( with optional aggregator ) and join .
The demo for Parallel .
ForEach can be found in project 35 _ParallelFor .
The same code is reprinted near the end of the Three steps to the blocking collection : [ 3 ]
Blocking collection post .
Parallel .ForEach .
Aggregate was described in Parallel .
ForEach .
Aggreate post and is demoed in project 36 _ ParallelAggregate .
At the moment ForEach is fairly limited .
It can iterate over a range of numbers or over a collection supporting the IOmniValueEnumerable interface ( TOmniBlockingCollection , for example ) .
The second limitation will be removed in the future .
The plan is to support any collection that implements IEnumerable .
Parallel .
Join is very simple code that executes multiple tasks and waits for their completion .
It was designed to execute simple tasks that do n’t require communication with the owner .
It is demoed in project 37 _ParallelJoin .
Environment
Unit OtlCommon contains new interface IOmniEnvironment and function Environment that returns singleton of this type .
Environment can be used to query some basic information on system , process and thread .
Some information ( for example process and thread affinity ) can also be modified using the same interface .
IOmniAffinity = interface
property AsString : string ;
property Count : integer ;
property Mask : DWORD ;
end ;
IOmniProcessEnvironment = interface
property Affinity : IOmniAffinity ;
property Memory : TOmniProcessMemoryCounters ;
property PriorityClass : TOmniProcessPriorityClass ;
property Times : TOmniProcessTimes ;
end ;
IOmniSystemEnvironment = interface
property Affinity : IOmniAffinity ;
end ;
IOmniThreadEnvironment = interface
property Affinity : IOmniAffinity ;
property ID : cardinal ;
end ;
IOmniEnvironment = interface
property Process : IOmniProcessEnvironment ;
property System : IOmniSystemEnvironment ;
property Thread : IOmniThreadEnvironment ;
end ;
Newer demos are using some parts of the Environment interface .
For example , in demo 33 _BlockingCollection , process affinity is set with
Environment .
Process .
Affinity .
Count := inpNumCPU.Value ;
while the demo 35 _ParallelFor uses following code fragment to query process affinity
numTasks := Environment .
Process .
Affinity .
Count ;
Cancellation token
New interface IOmniCancellationToken is used in the Parallel .
ForLoop ( see post Three steps to the blocking collection : [ 3 ]
Blocking collection for the example ) and in IOmniTaskControl .
TerminateWhen .
IOmniTaskControl and IOmniTask implement CancellationToken : IOmniCancellationToken property which can be used by the task and task controller .
IOmniCancellationToken is just a simple wrapper around the Win32 event primitive and is defined in the OtlSync unit .
IOmniCancellationToken = interface
procedure Clear ;
function IsSignaled : boolean ;
procedure Signal ;
property Handle : THandle ;
end ;
Message dispatcher
IOmniTaskControl now implements message dispatching setter in form OnMessage ( msgID , handler ) .
Use it to route specific message IDs to specific functions when global TOmniEventMonitor is not used .
An example from one of my applications :
spmDatabaseConn := CreateTask (
TSttdbPlaylistDatabaseWorker.Create ( ) ,
' Playlist Monitor Database Connection ' )
. SetParameters ( [ serverAddress , serverPort , username , password ] )
. SetTimer ( 15 * 1000 , @ TSttdbPlaylistDatabaseWorker.CheckDBVersion )
. OnMessage ( MSG_DB_ERROR , HandleError )
. OnMessage ( MSG_DB_STATUS , HandleDatabaseStatus )
. OnMessage ( MSG_DB_VERSION , HandleDatabaseVersion )
. Run ;
UserData [ ]
Implemented IOmniTaskControl.UserData[ ] .
The application can store any values in this array .
It can be accessed via the integer or string index .
This storage are can only be access from the task controller side .
Access is not thread - safe so you should use it only from one thread or create your own protection mechanism .
Small changes
IOmniTask implements Implementor property which points back to the worker instance ( but only if worker is TOmniWorker - based ) .
Refactored and enhanced TOmniValueContainer .
TOmniTaskFunction now takes ' const ' parameter .
TOmniTaskFunction = reference to procedure ( const task : IOmniTask ) .
TOmniTaskFunction = reference to procedure ( const task : IOmniTask ) .
Implemented TOmniValue .IsInteger .
Bugs fixed
TOmniEventMonitor .OnTaskUndeliveredMessage was missing ' message ' parameter .
Set package names and designtime / runtime type in D2009 / D2010 packages .
New demos
32 _Queue : Stress test for new TOmniBaseQueue and TOmniQueue .
33 _BlockingCollection : Stress test for new TOmniBlockingCollection , also demoes the use of Environment to set process affinity .
34 _TreeScan : Parallel tree scan using TOmniBlockingCollection .
35 _ParallelFor : Parallel tree scan using Parallel .
ForEach ( Delphi 2009 and newer ) .
36_ParallelAggregate : Parallel calculations using Parallel.ForEach .
Aggregate ( Delphi 2009 and newer ) .
Labels : Delphi , multithreading , OmniThreadLibrary , open source , programming
Find Jesus .
Click on Him .
If you can .
One Quarter of Germans Would Embrace an Implantable Microchip
In a new poll , cyborgs make their voices heard
It 's Batman .
With a lightsaber .
Fighting a shark .
Do n't ask why this is happening .
It just is .
This tableau is pure id .
I want this image to flash before my eyelids before I fall asleep each night .
[ via Andrew Zubko ]
Advertisement
From the day she turned heads at the 2008 Republican Convention — becoming at once an object of fevered controversy — one truth about Sarah Palin stood clear :
She was fortunate in her antagonists .
Those in the media , especially , would stoke a mighty sympathy backlash on her behalf .
That resentment would feed nicely into the candidate 's role as a voice for the aggrieved : those regular citizens under the heel of the " elites " — that immense , tentacled power whose depredations she has been describing to audiences ...
It sounds like magic , but the new creators of the new Zylia ‘ portable recording studio ’ say that their system enables bands to record their performances with a single microphone , and then mix them as multitracks using dedicated software on PC , Mac or Linux .
The Zylia ZM - 1 is billed as a USB multitrack microphone that features 19 mic capsules and supports 24 - bit / 48 k Hz recording .
The Zylia Studio software , meanwhile , extracts the individual instruments onto separate tracks so that you can mix them or export them individually into your DAW of choice .
Zylia is billed as the perfect solution for bands who want a quick and easy way of capturing their rehearsals and live performances .
The set up time should be pretty much zero , and there ’s no need for multiple mics and an interface .
Zylia will be on show at Musikmesse , where we ’ll endeavour to find out more about it .
In the meantime , you can check out the Zylia website , where pre-orders are currently being taken for $ 999 .
How does it work ?
Choose a color
Click on the squares and paint your logo
Download when you are finished
Put the favicon .ico file into your webserver directory
Optionally publish it under the CC ( Creative Commons ) license
The passion against health care reform has elevated to such a level that protesters on Tuesday mocked an apparent Parkinson ’s Disease victim , scorning him as a “ communist ” who is looking for “ handouts . ”
Protesters on both ends of the health care debate squared off in competing rallies outside the Columbus , Ohio office of district Rep. Mary Jo Kilroy ( D - OH ) , who says she is undecided on her vote for the bill .
ADVERTISEMENT
A wrinkled , kneeling man holding a stick crawled up to a group opposing the effort with a sign saying he has “ got Parkinson ’s ” and needs help .
“ If you ’re looking for a handout you ’re in the wrong end of town , ” one man yelled at him .
“ Nothing for free over here , you have to work for everything you get . ”
Parkinson ’s is an incurable and degenerative brain disorder that impairs the victim ’s speech , motor skills and various other functions .
Another man walked up and threw a dollar bill at him , saying derisively , “ I ’ll pay for this guy , start a pot . ”
Tossing another bill at the sedentary man , he screamed , “ No more handouts ! ”
“ You love a communist ! ” shouted another protester in response .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Columbus Dispatch noted that “ the congresswoman ’s offices in Washington and Columbus logged more than 1,500 calls on the issue Monday . ”
“ Police on foot and bicycles kept a close eye on the crowd that stretched along Olentangy River Road .
Several loud exchanges occurred as some protesters got in each other ’s faces , but no physical clashes were reported , ” the paper added .
The scenes were reminiscent of the heated town - hall protests across the nation last summer when supporters and opponents of health reform clashed .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from Columbus Dispatch , broadcast March 16 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
Juarez , Mexico is now the murder capital of the world .
The escalation in violence began after the new President of Mexico made an attempt to take on the cartels ( ala Ronald Reagan in the 80s ) .
Prohibition , and violence , they go hand in hand .
Continue Reading
Millions of ex-offenders who have been released from prison are denied the right to vote .
That undercuts efforts to reintegrate former prisoners into mainstream society .
And it goes against one of democracy ’s most fundamental principles : that governments should rule with the consent of the governed .
Congress held hearings last week on a bill , the Democracy Restoration Act , that would allow released ex-felons to vote in federal elections .
It would also require the states , which administer elections , to give them appropriate notice that this right has been restored .
Voting rights are largely set by state law , and many states prohibit people who have been convicted of crimes from voting in state and federal elections .
Currently , about four million Americans who have been released from prison are disenfranchised in federal elections by laws barring people with felony convictions from voting .
Stuck in the past in the midst of turning tides :
Is the US ’s stand on online gambling bleeding it out ?
There are several live presentations on the subject of climate engineering available on the windows below .
If you are new to this subject , the second red window below , " Climate Engineering , A Clear And Present Danger " is a recommended starting point for an overall summary presentation .
Click To Open Each Presentation / Video
Planet Earth is under an all out weather warfare assault .
In this video , Dane Wigington gives another presentation in Northern California on the harmful effects of Geoengineering , declaring that there is virtually NO NATURAL WEATHER due to the massive global climate engineering .
The very essentials needed to sustain life on earth are being recklessly destroyed by these programs .
This is not a topic that will begin to affect us in several years , but is now already causing massive animal and plant die off around the world , as well as human illness .
read more
View the trailer for the film LOOK UP ! , narrated by William Baldwin .
Dane Wigington geoengineeringwatch.org
What is the Paris climate conference really about ?
What is really going on behind the endless assault of smoke and mirrors erected and orchestrated by those in power ?
Police clash with protesters in Paris before the start of the climate change conference
The recent terrorist attacks ( false flag ? ) have not only given the global Read More »
Dane Wigington geoengineeringwatch.org
Global climate engineering / solar radiation management programs continue to wreak havoc on planet Earth and the entire web of life in spite of the " official denial " of these ongoing programs .
Numerous historical documents including extensive US Senate disclosures and presidential reports prove that worldwide weather modification ( geoengineering / weather warfare ) has been going on at a significant scale since the late 1940's .
The Read More »
Dane Wigington geoengineeringwatch.org
The climate science and meteorological communities ( along with mainstream media and countless other agencies ) have long since completely sold out to the power structure .
Countless individuals within these groups have committed themselves to what is nothing less than a total betrayal of populations around the globe ( along with the entire web of life ) .
The ongoing Read More »
Dane Wigington GeoengineeringWatch.org Kevin Shipp ( author of " From The Company Of Shadows " ) was a decorated CIA officer who refused to look the other way in regard to government criminality and cover -up .
At a very important public awareness event , held by GeoengineeringWatch.org in Northern California , on July 28th , 2017 , Mr. Shipp presented a shocking and compelling presentation on numerous , horrific and ongoing Read More »
Dane Wigington GeoengineeringWatch.org
Refuting the " its just condensation trails " official lie is easily done if specific fundamental facts are understood and remembered .
The short article and 7 minute video tutorial below provide essential information for debunking the " condensation trail " false narrative .
We are told by all " official sources " that the sun blocking weather disrupting jet dispersed trails Read More »
Source : RT Google has partnered with an organization largely funded by billionaire George Soros to “ fact - check ” news stories , a move that could affect search results for certain news agencies .
Erica Anderson , Partnerships Manager at Google News Lab , announced Thursday that the company will partner with the International Fact - Checking Network ( IFCN ) at the Poynter Read More »
Dane Wigington geoengineeringwatch.org
In regard to difficult to accept and unpleasant truths , a picture is worth a thousand words .
The photo images shown below were captured from NASA satellite sources , they are truly alarming .
These images provide shocking and undeniable proof of the ongoing global climate engineering / geoengineering / solar radiation management assault on our planet and its life support Read More »
GLOBAL TEMPERATURE MAP DEVIATION FROM NORMAL TEMPERATURES .
Note where the geoengineering focus is most centered , which are the cool regions in Canada and the eastern USA , and a region of Antarctica where the research vessel is stuck in the ice .
Was this incident truly just accidental ?
Or perhaps a well orchestrated media maneuver ?
Impossible to say , but the press sure made the most of it and many took the bait .
The well orchestrated media machine and loads of manipulated data have convinced a great many that our planet is cooling overall , this could not be further from the truth .
The map below is the most recent GISS surface analysis from NASA .
This map is the absolute bottom line of reality regarding the true state of our warming planet .
The extremely radical range of temperature variances is tell tale of the immense and ongoing geoengineering assault on planet earth .
Deal Journal has yet to read " The Big Short , " Michael Lewis 's yarn on the financial crisis that hit stores today .
We did , however , read his acknowledgments , where Lewis praises " A.K. Barnett - Hart , a Harvard undergraduate who had just written a thesis about the market for subprime mortgage - backed CDOs that remains more interesting than any single piece of Wall Street research on the subject . "
While unsure if we can stomach yet another book on the crisis , a killer thesis on the topic ?
Now that piqued our curiosity .
We tracked down Barnett - Hart , a 24 - year - old financial analyst at a large New York investment bank .
She met us for coffee last week to discuss her thesis , " The Story of the CDO Market Meltdown : An Empirical Analysis . "
Handed in a year ago this week at the depths of the market collapse , the paper was awarded summa cum laude and won virtually every thesis honor , including the Harvard Hoopes Prize for outstanding scholarly work .
Last October , Barnett - Hart , already pulling all - nighters at the bank ( we agreed to not name her employer ) , received a call from Lewis , who had heard about her thesis from a Harvard doctoral student .
Lewis was blown away .
" It was a classic example of the innocent going to Wall Street and asking the right questions , " said Mr. Lewis , who in his 20s wrote " Liar 's Poker , " considered a defining book on Wall Street culture .
" Her thesis shows there were ways to discover things that everyone should have wanted to know .
That it took a 22 - year - old Harvard student to find them out is just outrageous . "
Barnett - Hart says she was n't the most obvious candidate to produce such scholarship .
She grew up in Boulder , Colo. , the daughter of a physics professor and full - time homemaker .
A gifted violinist , Barnett - Hart deferred admission at Harvard to attend Juilliard , where she was accepted into a program studying the violin under Itzhak Perlman .
After a year , she headed to Cambridge , Mass . , for a broader education .
There , with vague designs on being pre-Med , she randomly took " Ec 10 , " the legendary introductory economics course taught by Martin Feldstein .
Normally , we ’d be on the cusp of opening day for the 2020 - 21 campaign .
But instead , things are vastly different , and we ’ve just begun the offseason !
Of course , there is no offseason for the mailbag , where [... ]
The race is on .
Forty - one states have just finished the mad dash to submit proposals for the Obama education initiative , Race to the Top .
Now that the first round of competition is over we should be asking the basic questions that got lost in the flurry :
What is the true purpose of all this reform ?
What should it be ?
Why do we send our kids to school ?
The answer given for decades , from the national to the local level , from Democrats and Republicans , is that education prepares the young for the world of work and enables the nation to maintain global economic pre-eminence .
There is an occasional nod to the civic purpose of schooling in No Child Left Behind and Race to the Top , but that goal pales next to the economic justification .
To be sure , economic prosperity has long provided a potent incentive to fund and improve schools in the United States , but it is only one of multiple goals of education in a democracy .
The architects of public education knew this .
In a landmark report to the Massachusetts Board of Education in 1848 , state Secretary of Education Horace Mann did make the economic argument — original at the time — that education is the great equalizer , fostering social mobility and national prosperity .
But this economic goal was embedded in a celebration of the physical , intellectual , civic and moral goals of schooling .
We need to reclaim that broader vision , for we have terribly narrowed our thinking about school .
Our tunnel vision is dangerous because the reasons we give for education affect what we teach and how we teach it .
Vocational education provides a cautionary tale of what a strictly economic focus can yield .
When vocational education was being formulated in the first decades of the last century , some proponents had an egalitarian conception of a curriculum that integrated the manual and mental to foster intellectual , social and civic development .
But as VocEd materialized , much of that ideal was lost to a strictly functional job - training curriculum that , ironically , was n’t very successful at preparing students for the new work of the day .
A major effort of recent reforms of vocational education ( now called career and technical education ) has been to recapture some of those earlier goals .
The best education for work is one that is broader than job preparation , that emphasizes literacy , quantitative reasoning , problem solving , creativity — and that gets at all of this through a range of human expression , from mathematics to the arts .
Economic preparation is a primary goal of every nation in the world today , repressive societies included .
Should n’t education in a democracy have a richer set of goals ?
Even if our policymakers seem to lose track of this broader purpose , students and their parents on the whole do not .
I ’ve taught for 40 years — kindergarten to graduate school to adult literacy programs — and one thing that has become very clear to me is the multiple purposes and meanings that education can have for all involved .
To be sure , even young people are aware that school will affect their chance of getting ahead .
“ Math will take you a long way in life , ” a middle - school student tells me .
But there are many other reasons that people take to education .
It provides intellectual stimulation ( “ She ’s teaching us new things that we could n’t do before , ” another middle - schooler observes ) .
Students enjoy the protected social setting and the connections they establish with adults .
Many people , young and not so young , discover a passion .
Our worlds get bigger .
School is one of the primary institutions where we define who we are .
What is telling is that even in programs explicitly targeted to economic advancement — community college certification programs , for example — there is typically much more going on than job preparation .
Students report that they are going back to school to be better able to raise their kids , or to feel better about themselves , or to open up new options — economic options , but intellectual and social ones as well .
In fact , one of the things that strike me about working with adults returning to school is how often the experience leads them to re-evaluate themselves , to see themselves in a new light .
The way we express the purpose of schooling shapes our collective definition of the educated person .
If we want our youth to thrive and stay in school , the goal of all current school reforms , then we need an education policy that embodies the full range of reasons people go to school in a free society .
Mike Rose is on the faculty of the Graduate School of Education and Information Studies at UCLA and is the author of “ Why School ? : Reclaiming Education for All of Us . ”
The NYC Department of Health recently held a contest looking for a new package design for their free NYC - brand condoms .
Online voters , the worst kind of voters , cast their ballots and chose the second worse one .
What does a computer power button have to do with the important act of safely boffing in New York ?
Sure every annoying latte - slurper among us is toting a laptop around the damn place these days , but that has nothing to do with sex .
And yes , there 's the suggestive shapes , but ... feh .
We wanted the manhole cover design to win .
Because , y'know , that makes sense !
Sort of ?
Or the top hat .
That was fun and jaunty .
Like old - timey New Amsterdam sex .
But no , we trusted online voters and thus got what the nerd rubber we deserved .
Ah well .
At least the subway going into the tunnel one did n't get picked .
Thank god more sixth graders did n't vote online .
[ NYDN ]
The level of the generation tariff is dependent on the technology and the system size and type
Table of Feed - In Tariffs before and after end 2016
This includes adjustments for degression , and index linking .
Future tariffs may be adjusted for contingent degression .
Indicative tariffs after 1st Apr 2017 should be as per the degression table , but adjusted for RPI indexation and contingent degression – see latest tariffs from Ofgem here .
Table A : Listing of all Generation Tariff levels based on the accredited installation date
* rates currently under review
Historical and future tariffs
We used to publish helpful tables on historical and expected future tariff levels , but the government has made so many changes to the banding , degression intervals etc. that it ’s just too time consuming .
Other benefits
These tables show only the generation tariff .
The Feed - In Tariffs scheme also provides two further benefits : an additional payment for surplus energy exported to the grid ( this is called the export tariff ) and a saving on energy purchased from your electricity supplier .
By · Updated : · Some links below are ads .
Here 's how we make money
I remember back in the day , when life was n’t as complicated as it is now , I used to take the standard tax deduction when filing my taxes .
No itemizing required .
No Schedule A required .
Just a simple tax return with one number for my “ below - the - line ” deductions .
Do n’t get me wrong , I ’m glad to have more deductions on my return these days .
I just appreciated the simplicity of the standard deduction .
Who knows , maybe I ’ll get back there some day when I pay off the house note .
The Standard Tax Deduction
The standard deduction is the IRS ’s way of accounting for a baseline of taxpayer expenses .
Everyone has a few “ standard ” living expenses , right ?
The government has decided by way of the tax code to not tax income that is used to cover the basics of life .
Thus , the standard deduction .
The standard deduction reduces your adjusted gross income , and in effect , reduces the amount of tax that you are required to pay .
How much is this deduction ?
Let ’s view the standard tax deduction amounts for the last few years .
Tax Year Single Married Filing Jointly Head of Household 2019 $ 12,200 $ 24,400 $ 18,350 2018 $ 12,000 $ 24,000 $ 18,000 2017 $ 6,350 $ 12,700 $ 9,350 2016 $ 6,300 $ 12,600 $ 9,300 2015 $ 6,300 $ 12,600 $ 9,250 2014 $ 6,200 $ 12,400 $ 9,100 2013 $ 6,100 $ 12,200 $ 8,950
Note that a slightly higher standard deduction can be taken if you or your spouse are blind or over 65 .
Also , the standard deduction is limited if your income does n’t reach certain levels ( see IRS Pub 501 ) .
Finally , note that it cannot be taken if your spouse filed married filing jointly and chose to itemize .
So how do you apply this standard deduction ?
Well , let ’s use an example .
Let ’s say your adjusted gross income ( the number at the bottom of page 1 of the Form 1040 ) is $ 50,000 .
You are single .
Therefore your standard deduction of $ 6,100 is subtracted from $ 50,000 .
This means that $ 43,900 minus your personal exemptions will be your taxable income , the number that is applied against the federal tax rates .
Standard vs Itemized Deductions
As a taxpayer , you must choose ( see picture above ) whether to take the standard deduction or whether to itemize your deductions on Schedule A .
Which ever deduction is greater should be the one you choose ( there ’s your basic math lesson for the day ) .
In general , it works out in your favor to itemize if you have mortgage interest , real estate taxes , charitable contributions , and major out of pocket medical expenses .
Any basic tax software program will be able to handle this calculation for you .
What about you ?
Do you take the standard deduction ?
Jan. 28 , 2009  --
On the steps of the courthouse in Rutland , Vt. , Janet Jenkins pleaded for help in finding her daughter , Isabella .
" Please help me find my daughter , " Jenkins told reporters .
" She 's only 7 years old .
She needs to be safe , and she needs to be in a stable , constant environment .
... Isabella has been missing for 22 days .
Every day I wonder where she is and if she 's OK .
Every time the phone rings , I hope it is someone calling to tell me they found her . "
Isabella was n't abducted by a stranger .
The girl with the blond hair and the big grin went missing along with her custodial parent at the end of last year .
But this is not the typical mother - father divorce dispute :
This is mother versus mother .
Watch the full story tonight on " Nightline " at 11:35 p.m. ET
" My goal has never been to separate Isabella from her other mother , Lisa , " said Jenkins .
" I just want what is best for our child , and that is to know both of her parents . "
Isabella 's parents are Jenkins , 45 , and Lisa Miller , 41 , who traveled from Virginia to Vermont to be joined when civil unions became legal there .
They moved to Vermont in 2002 and opened an in - home day care center .
" We fell in love and wanted to have a family together , just like any other couple , " said Jenkins .
Pictures from Jenkins and Miller 's wedding show a happy couple .
They shared a love of children , Jenkins says , so they went through the costly and difficult process of in vitro fertilization .
Miller carried the baby .
" We chose a sperm donor , an anonymous donor , from a California cryobank that has all my traits -- eye color , hair color , skin tone , down to spicy foods , favorite foods , intelligence level , " said Jenkins .
" The one thing that we did give our child that neither one of us had was the donor was tall , and Lisa and I are both five - two , so we thought , ' We 'll give her an edge . '
But other than that , you know , we wanted our child to look like both of us , and she does . "
Miller 's pregnancy was happy news , Jenkins said .
" Oh my God , it 's the best high in the world , " she said .
' I Wanted to Have Children '
Isabella was born in 2002 .
Pictures show a beaming Jenkins in the delivery room , assisting in the birth of her first child .
Jenkins never adopted the child , however .
" I was told I never had to adopt her as long as she was born within our legal , civil union , just like a married couple , " said Jenkins .
" Why would you adopt your children ? ...
It 's just like any couple that cannot have a child , it would be like if I was a man and I did n't have the sperm count to impregnate my wife , I would go to an anonymous donor as well .
I wanted to have children . "
Jenkins said she considered herself " absolutely " Isabella 's mother , " 100 percent . "
But when Isabella was 17 months old , Jenkins and Miller separated and Miller filed to dissolve the union .
Miller headed home to Virginia with the toddler .
Jenkins , who still runs the day care center , said they worked out an amicable agreement .
" Even when we decided to divorce , you know , we had a notarized paper that said ... I agreed to a large amount of child support ...
Lisa was used to a certain lifestyle with me and I was willing to continue that for a period of time .
...
But it was also stated , liberal visitation , that I could see my daughter any time I wanted , and at first I was seeing her every weekend , and I run a business here , working Monday through Friday in Vermont , jumping in my car at 5 o'clock and driving eight to 10 hours to be with her for the weekend , to jump in the car as soon as she went to sleep on Sunday to get back here to open my business Monday .
And that went on for a very long time . "
Then Miller became a born - again Christian .
She joined the Thomas Road Baptist Church in Lynchburg , Va. , founded by the late Rev. Jerry Falwell .
She renounced homosexuality .
Miller told a reporter for Newsweek , " I realized , ' Wow , I say I 'm saved , but how can I be if I have n't repented , if I 've been living in sin all these years in a same - sex relationship ? ' "
With that renunciation , Jenkins said , Miller moved to cut off her contact with Isabella .
" Then I became a sinner , and she did n't want me to have my daughter to call me anything other than my name , Janet , and this was very confusing for my daughter , " said Jenkins .
" She knows me as ' Mamma ' and she knows I 'm her other mother ... but really from that point on I could not see my daughter . "
The legal arm of Falwell 's church , Liberty Counsel , took up Miller 's case and her cause , helping her fight to cut off Jenkins ' parental rights -- in court and in the court of public opinion .
Vermont courts gave Jenkins parental rights , while two Virginia courts sided with Miller .
The case went all the way to the Virginia Supreme Court , which agreed with Vermont .
Jenkins was granted parental and visitation rights .
But when Miller still refused to let Jenkins see Isabella , a Vermont Family Court judge awarded Jenkins full custody .
Miller was ordered to turn Isabella over on Jan. 1 of this year .
' My Constant Love Is There '
" Isabella was to be brought to us at my parents ' house in Falls Church , Va. , at 1 p.m. , " said Jenkins .
" So my parents were there .
I was there .
My sister was there .
Friends were there . "
Jenkins admitted she did n't expect Miller to show up .
" I honestly did n't , " she said .
" You know , but you have that hope that she 'll have the epiphany or see the light or whatever .
... I just wanted to maintain a healthy relationship with my child .
Let her know that my constant love is there , my financial support will always be there .
I will always be there .
Her family will always be there for her .
" She did n't have to live with me full - time .
But you know , I would like to have some holidays , come to her graduation , kindergarten graduation .
I 'd like to have time in the summer to take her to the ocean and -- basically a quote - unquote normal visitation schedule to where I see her regularly and she knows I 'm a constant in her life for the rest of her life . "
Miller 's church , however , would say there 's no way that Isabella can have a normal life if she has two mommies .
" That is just barbaric to me , " said Jenkins .
" There are so many different diverse families .
Grandparents raise their children .
Single moms raise their children .
Two men raise their children .
Uncles raise their children .
Two moms raise their children all the time .
The stigma is just hatred and bigotry being taught .
It 's just very backward .
To me and to two loving parents that go to all these measures to have this child , you do n't just drop one and walk away . "
She continued , " It 's just like when we were having our child , I did n't ever imagine that we were not going to be a family , but when we did decide to divorce , I never divorced my daughter .
And that was never into the equation , ever . "
Neighbors of Miller 's last known residence , in Forest , Va. , told sheriff 's deputies the mother and daughter left last September and have n't been seen since .
" Honestly , I think the church is involved in hiding her , " said Jenkins .
Miller 's legal team , Liberty Counsel , deny knowing Miller and Isabella 's whereabouts and refused a request for an interview .
Jenkins said she 's concerned about Miller 's mental state .
" I think she 's dangerous , and I think she 's very vulnerable and I think she 's capable of anything , " said Jenkins .
" I think she 's very desperate .
I think the people and the places that she is exposing herself to and my child to -- our child to -- it 's just frightening for me to even think about . "
Jenkins said she also fears for the child .
" I can't even imagine what life is like for her right now , " Jenkins said .
" Not knowing where she is , not knowing if she 's got any -- I know how important structure is for children .
I work with children and I know how important the structure is .
Well , honestly I do n't know what her life is like right now .
... I know the last few times I had her , it sounded like her world was getting smaller and smaller and smaller .
... Church and Lisa . "
Jenkins was back in court last week , asking the judge to find Miller in contempt for refusing to hand Isabella over to Jenkins .
Miller was n't there , but her attorneys were present by telephone .
The judge give Miller until Feb. 23 to produce Isabella or face arrest .
" Today we 're very pleased with the results of the hearing , " Jenkins ' attorney , Sarah Star , said outside the courthouse .
" The judge sanctioned Ms. Miller and made specific findings that she had intentionally and knowingly , willfully disobeyed the court 's order , which was a legally binding and valid order . "
Jenkins said she did n't wish to see Miller under arrest .
" I do n't want to see that , and I really do n't want my daughter to see that , " Jenkins said .
" But there are consequences for actions and these are really severe actions .
So I do n't know what 's going to happen to her , but I do know the danger my daughter 's in , she would n't be in unless Lisa Miller brought her into this situation . "
It 's now been a year since Jenkins has seen Isabella .
" Nightline " visited the Vermont home Miller and Jenkins shared , where Isabella 's room sits ready for her return .
It 's stocked with photographs and with toys and gifts from Jenkins and her parents .
We asked Jenkins if she thought Isabella would be back in the room .
" Oh , I do .
I do , " Jenkins said .
" I will never give up hope .
I do think someone out there is going to tell , for Isabella 's sake , so that she can have a normal life . "
For more information about the search for the child , contact the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children .
You can check the original bill proposal over at Kaiser Health News here .
There are some differences between the two bills of course , but the main objectives are in both bills .
To create a system of ' managed competition ' to help reduce healthcare costs and eliminating discrimination on the basis of health status .
In the video below Timothy Jost in a C - SPAN interview yesterday morning discusses the constitutionality of the newly passed HCR legislation and states chances of successfully challenging the new law .
But then , in the Q&A , he makes eye - opening remarks about how the legislation really follows the Republican ideals of free market competition with subsidies and tax incentives and not the Democrat 's view of government provided healthcare .
No single payer system .
No public option .
.
.
Below is another video from Washington and Lee University , where a month ago Mr. Jost discussed in less animated posture the overall view of the current legislation and the poor job the media has done to give fair treatment to the context of the bill .
.
.
What 's really funny , after watching that C - SPAN interview , is that Tim Jost assumed that the Republicans must not have read the HCR bill .
If they had surely they would be in support of the bill .
But instead the Republicans are letting the wackos over at Fox News and on talk radio tell them what 's in the bill .
You know what ?
I do n't buy that .
The Republicans knew exactly what was in the healthcare bill .
They very well knew that it was their own original proposed legislation from 1993 .
But they voted against HCR anyway .
And they do n't care .
They do n't care because they would rather run the United States economy into the ground before seeing another Democrat co-opt their political agenda , pass it , and come out on top .
They are dead set against that .
Even if they have to run to the extreme fringes of their party , they will not have another ' Bill Clinton ' in the White House .
But guess what ?
They have already lost .
Barack Obama is not Bill Clinton .
He is better than Bill Clinton .
He is smarter .
Craftier .
Bolder .
He is a leader .
They will see him coming and there is not a damn thing in the world they can do to stop him .
Blinded by their own folly , they are impotent in their rage .
They will not even listen to the intellectuals in their own party .
No where was this more evident than in the Republicans vote on the reconciliation bill which struck the special ' sweetheart deals ' from the Senate version .
The Republicans spent months decrying the ' Cornhusker Kickback ' and the ' Louisiana Purchase ' .
But when it came time to pass legislation to fix that .
Not one of them voted for it .
Not one .
As has been well - publicized now , Newt Gingrich said that the Democrats would regret passing HCR bill just like when the civil rights legislation was passed in the 60's .
That 's right .
Republicans are not about doing the right thing .
They are definetely not about morality .
They crave power at any cost .
John Dean nailed Newt to the wall on that one .
And this year ?
The Republicans will not be winning back control of Congress .
This year we will finally took the first step toward real healthcare reform .
Next Friday , Stargate Universe is back !
And if you can't wait a whole week , check out our spoiler - free review of the next episode .
Can the series keep hitting the higher standards it set in the last episode ?
Advertisement
Everything we 've been asking for , plot - wise , is starting to happen .
All the complaints of " You 're in space in a massive and supposedly amazing spaceship , why is n't there more space action ? " are getting a response at last .
Here is the official synopsis .
Beyond that , I promise I wo n't spoil anything besides what we already know ... but if you do n't want to know anything at all , stop reading .
Young accidentally finds himself on board an alien vessel before quickly transporting back onto Destiny .
When the expedition tries to get into contact with the aliens , they find themselves under attack .
Advertisement
The next episode takes off right where it left off .
And understandably , everyone is a wee bit freaked out that Young either killed Rush or stranded him on a planet , probably to die .
A few people think this was an accident , but not the smarter ones .
The show 's clever characters are all conspiring or scooching silently away from the crazy man who does n't seem all that upset that he may or may not have killed someone he hated in the first place .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
But they have to file a report and introduce a new character , this sexy - pants guy who was apparently on board the whole time , but we never knew it .
Advertisement
I do n't remember his name , but everyone on board just thinks he so sexy because his wife is dead — no seriously , that 's a reason .
But he is kinda cute — I mean , not Young smoldering good lookin ' hot , but cute , to be sure .
It 's nice to have some new blood from whats - his - name , even if he was inexplicably on board this whole time .
He 's a bit of an everyman , but without the nerd - isms provided by Eli .
And yes , Eli is back filling us all with joy and dread at his hit - and - miss wisecracks .
But thankfully , his jokes in this episode are solid .
We 're happy to have you back , Eli , especially when the drama was escalated in the premiere , allowing the Destiny to engage in a space melee , and you said what we were all thinking .
Plus it was a fantastic Star Trek moment .
Advertisement
But back to the part of the plot that we can reveal — the aliens .
Thank god for aliens .
I 'm not going to reveal what kind of aliens , they are but I will say they 're in the trailer .
Beyond that , I want you to be surprised , because they are awesome .
We know SGU wrote and filmed all these episodes months ago , but it 's almost as if they listened to our mid-season complaints , and then delivered .
It 's a big wide black world in space , and it 's about damn time some other creatures popped their heads in .
Advertisement
I will also say that this is the first time in the history of SGU that I 've been thankful for the communication stones .
I 'm still pretty firmly on Team " Airlock The Stones , " but this episode utilized them in a different way that made me thankful they existed .
I highly doubt this I will ever feel this way again , because I 'm not sure what happened in this episode could be repeated again and maintain the interest , but the stones really stepped up this episode .
Besides great aliens , there 's plenty of excellent action and devious plot , no doubt leading to future shenanigans .
It seems like a lot of the characters are no longer willing to sit idly by and have their lives planned for them .
Except for TJ — but we still have hopes for her later .
Advertisement
Now the big question : is Rush back ?
What do you think ?
SGU would never get rid of such a valuable actor and character , but is he back on Destiny ?
You 'll have to wait and see .
The few , very few , things I will complain about is the cheeseball music selection yet again .
I have very little tolerance for shows that pick music that blatantly announces " We feel lonely , " with a montage of people being lonely .
It 's eye - roll - inducing and the kind of silly mallet - to - the - head approach we 've come to expect from The CW ... followed by a plug for every single album , after the credits .
Also , I 'd really like to see Chloe be something else besides the victim .
Sure they might be setting her up to kick some ass later , but there 's whole ship full of people .
They need to stop forcing our sympathies and fears onto just her .
Unless she 's just the unluckiest little girl in the entire universe .
This is n't your first close - up of another planet 's biosphere ... it 's actually the Maldives islands on Earth , as viewed from the International Space Station .
A couple of ISS astronauts have been twittering amazing pictures of our planet .
Advertisement
Want to see more pics like these ?
Follow astro_jose and astro_soichi on Twitter .
Advertisement
Mt. Kilmanjaro
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The Earth and moon , from astro_jose .
Advertisement
Noctilucent clouds , from astro_soichi
Advertisement
Golden Gate Bridge , from astro_soichi
Advertisement
ISS by astro_jose
Federal regulators said Wednesday that they had received 10 reports of Toyota vehicles accelerating unexpectedly after they were repaired at dealerships .
The complaints have not been verified , but they add to questions about whether Toyota ’s big recalls will resolve its problems with unexpected acceleration .
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said it had begun to contact and interview the consumers who filed the reports .
“ If Toyota owners are still experiencing sudden acceleration incidents after taking their cars to the dealership , we want to know about it , ” the agency ’s administrator , David Strickland , said in a statement .
Toyota said its United States dealerships had repaired more than a million vehicles since early February out of six million vehicles that have been recalled to fix problems with the accelerator pedal .
More than two million vehicles in other countries have also been recalled .
Introduction
The aim of this personal blog is to illustrate the intellectual engagement of Christian theology with science and with culture .
The name Soli Deo Gloria is inspired by J.S. Bach 's writing SDG on all his compositions .
Handel also did this on some compositions ( see above ) .
The New AMERICAN CLASSIC
TRULY A BETTER BEEF
Healthier for you , the planet and in the pasture .
Easier to produce , with a smaller eco- footprint , this animals ' nutrient dense , lean meat 's exceptional flavor and texture is a " best - kept " secret in the agricultural and health food world .
As consumers are rapidly shifting to health - conscious food choices and environmental sustainability , Beefalo is the new ' go - to ' for both the american beef farmer and mindful diner .
The American Beefalo Association , ABA , is a collection of the nation 's authority figures of the Beefalo breed .
Since the 1980's the ABA has continued to regulate Beefalo standards and drive development as a passionate member driven organization .
He believes that online fan communities form “ not just to talk about music , TV or film , but to reflect on how their listening and viewing habits inform their living and help them develop their philosophical , religious , political or ethical commitments . ”
All the different types of air compressors have different specs of Compressor Oil .
And it 's
Tuff to find out exactly what " compressor oil " IS , and the various specs , , , , such as to be able to Cross - Refference it and use a more common type oil .
Recips --- Piston
Type compressors such as yours most probably is use what is basically NON - Detergent Engine Oil .
It has a different additive package than actual engine oil , also .
It has a different Oxidation Inhibitor , , , and very Low Ash content .
Reasons are to protect the valves , , , and to prevent carbon deposits .
The NON - detergent deal is this ----
Compressors are almost all SPLASH Lubrication .
The Crankshaft Stirs the oil and splatters it around inside the crankcase to deliver the oil to the various parts .
Conventional Motor
Oil would be whipped into a Foam very quickly , , which reduces the " Flow Rate / and the Return Rate " .
Not enough LIQUID Volume reduces Cooling as well .
Foamy
Oil cannot carry away much heat from internal parts .
The Detergents in Engine oil are what Foams --- it does OK in Engines , , , because they have a shrouded Sump to collect returned oil , , , and a Pressure Pump to deliver oil " piped " thru passages under pressure , , , where it Cannot foam .
Old Lawn Mower engines ' Lube System is identical to Air Compressors --- a Splash & Splatter type --- and they 've insisted on Non-Detergent Oil forever , for exact same reasons .
Non Detergent oil also does NOT suspend Carbon Particles .
It appears to stay " Clean " itself , , , but the bottom of the crancase is filled with Sludge which falls Out of the Oil .
Hi-Detergent Oil DOES suspend carbon --- which is why Engine Oil comes out " Black " and Filthy looking , , , but inside of engine is relatively Clean .
...................................
Official Recommendation :
Use actual " Compressor Oil " .
It 's available at most auto parts & hardware stores & Home Depot type places .
Dayton has it 's own oil label .
Part # 1WG49 for Synthetic Oil
Part # 1WG50 for Mineral Oil
" Non-Official "
Any 30 Weight NON - Detergent Motor
Oil is fine for air compressors .
That weight is suitable for a wide range of weather temperatures .
In Sub - Zero Climates , , , Try 10 or 20 weight to reduce start - up torque / load on electric motor when cold
In areas with Long , Hot Summers , , and mild winters ,,40 weight is good for compressors which get heavy useage / long runtimes .
10's of thousands of air compressors have run 10~15~20 +
Years
on plain old 30 weight Non Detergent Motor Oil .
( Probably as many have run fine " forever " on " WRONG " Hi-Detergent Motor Oil ..... Nope , , it 's Not RIGHT , , , but it IS the Reality .
People do it all the time with no disaster occuring .
Which probably only proves " Oily Shaving Foam " is a better lube than expected .
--- I still would NOT use Hi-Detergent oil in any kind of Splash Lubed Motor or Compressor , , , , , why tempt fate ? ? )
Compressors Mfgrs wised - up to Synthetic
Oils long time ago .
The superior lubrication and extended run-time / Duty Cycle of the compressors and the extended Change Intervals all adds up to Lots of $ $$ in Industrial / Commercial Apps .
Synthetic Compressor Oil is Crazy Expensive ---$ 15~20 +++ per Qt .
Mobil 1 Synthetic , , , just the commonly available Motor Oil , , , is increasingly coming to be recommended by various compressor manufacturers as an " Official Substitute "
What 's notable about that is some of them specify their regular compressor oil for Standard Duty Service around 60 % Duty Cycle , , ,40 ~ 45 minutes per hour .
and then specify Mobil 1 for 100 % Duty Cycle - - where the compressor runs all day long , or hours on end .
So it seems to boil down to :
* OFFICIALLY >> Specific Labeled Compressor Oil
* Generically >> 30 weight (+/- depending on climate ) NON - Detergent Motor Oil
* Heavy Duty / Extreme Service >>
Any Synthetic Compressor Oil , , or Mobil 1 Synthetic motor oil
*" Emergency / Worst Case " >> in a situation where nothing else is available and oil MUST be added , , , , any conventional Motor Oil will do .... even Hi-Detergent ( which is technically WRONG )
best choice would be a Single Weight Oil , , straight 30 weight .
For Real & Valid Reasons
It 's NEVER recommended , , ,
but in real - world experience it 's been used for decades without causing any obvious harm .
Personally -- I would not hesitate to use it if I Had To , ,
but I would replace it with " proper " oil soon as I could .
Hope that helps
Happy Holidays
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Conservative donor and deputy chairman Lord Ashcroft has admitted he does not pay UK tax on earnings outside Britain .
His statement ends years of questions from opponents about whether he was " non-domiciled " in the UK for tax .
He said he agreed with Tory leader David Cameron 's call for anyone in the Lords to be " resident and domiciled " .
Labour 's Jack Straw accused the Tories of " concealing the truth " for 10 years .
The Lib Dems said the Tories had been " bought like a banana republic " .
BBC political editor Nick Robinson said the 63 - year - old , who is estimated to be worth £ 1.1 bn by the Sunday Times Rich List , was one of the biggest ever donors to a political party and was at the centre of the Conservatives ' election campaign .
Campaign ' distraction '
He has donated more than £ 4 m to the party in recent years , much of which has been spent on campaigns by Tory candidates in marginal seats .
He , and senior Conservative spokesmen , have refused to say what his tax status was over recent years , saying it was a private matter .
It is unpatriotic - the home secretary claimed - for the Tories to take so much money from a man who chooses not to be a full British taxpayer .
If so , all three of the UK 's major parties are unpatriotic because they have all taken major sums from so - called non doms
Nick Robinson
BBC political editor
Read Nick 's blog in full
In a statement released on Monday , he said he had chosen to speak out because " while I value my privacy , I do not want my affairs to distract from the general election campaign " .
He said that while his " precise tax status " was that of a " non-dom " , paying tax in the UK was not , as some critics have suggested , a condition of his being granted a peerage in 2000 .
" As for the future , while the non - dom status will continue for many people in business or public life , David Cameron has said that anyone sitting in the legislature - Lords or Commons - must be treated as resident and domiciled in the UK for tax purposes , " he said .
" I agree with this change and expect to be sitting in the House of Lords for many years to come . "
It suggests he will change his tax status if the law changes .
' Not a condition '
Tory leader Mr Cameron said he was " pleased " that Lord Ashcroft had decided to clarify his position .
A " non-dom " is someone who is resident in the UK but not domiciled in the UK for tax purposes - although they will pay some UK tax , they will not be fully taxed in the UK on their interests overseas .
It had been suggested that when William Hague proposed him for a peerage in 2000 the then Michael Ashcroft had given assurances that he would be resident in Britain for tax purposes .
But in his statement Lord Ashcroft said his undertaking was to " take up permanent residence in the UK again " by the end of that year and to resign as Belize 's permanent representative to the UN .
He said he had fulfilled both those conditions before taking up his peerage and had declared all his UK income to HM Revenue " throughout the last 10 years " .
HAVE YOUR SAY
What is wrong is that parliament has allowed people to live here and not pay full taxes Dave H , UK Mr Cameron had been under considerable pressure to reveal Lord Ashcroft 's tax status , but had always insisted it was a private matter for the peer .
Welcoming Lord Ashcroft 's statement on Monday , a Conservative Party spokesman said : " It is clear , therefore , that Lord Ashcroft has the same status as several Labour donors including Lord Paul - recently appointed to the Privy Council on the recommendation of Gordon Brown 's government . "
Home Secretary Alan Johnson told the BBC the news was " incredible " and " a bit of a bombshell " .
Referring to a speech on Sunday in which Mr Cameron said it was his " patriotic duty " to beat Gordon Brown at the next election , Mr Johnson said the Tories were being funded by " somebody who has been basically unpatriotic " .
Reform bill Lord Paul told the BBC he had always admitted being a non-dom , and any donations to Labour had come from his British company , not from him personally .
Asked whether he would consider changing his tax status as Lord Ashcroft has indicated he will do , Lord Paul said : " Let 's wait for the law to pass .
It is not a question right now . "
The Liberal Democrats said the Conservative Party had been " bought like a banana republic " .
If you are seeking to influence the outcome of the next general election ... then it is wholly wrong that you seek to pay taxes only partially in this country
Nick Clegg , Lib Dems
Q&A : MPs , peers and taxes Lord Ashcroft : controversial Tory donor Leader Nick Clegg added : " I think if you are seeking to influence the outcome of the next general election ... then it is wholly wrong that you basically seek to pay taxes only partially in this country . "
But the Lib Dems have confirmed Tory claims that they have taken donations from three " non-doms " - Bhanu , Sudhir and Dhruv Choudhrie .
The party said they had " made donations to the party through their companies , Alpha Healthcare and C&C Business Solutions , which are British trading companies , as well as individually " .
An amendment to the Constitutional Reform and Governance Bill currently going through Parliament , which has all - party backing , will require all MPs and peers to be resident , ordinarily resident and domiciled in the UK for tax purposes .
Lord Ashcroft was initially rejected for a peerage in 1999 by the Political Honours Scrutiny Committee on the grounds that he spent most of his time abroad in Belize and Florida and conducted almost all of his financial matters overseas .
His company Bearwood Corporate Services Limited has been the largest single contributor to the Tories since 2005 , although his millions make up less than 5 % of their total donations .
For a company to make a donation , it must be trading in the UK and in February 2009 , the Electoral Commission launched a formal investigation to determine whether this was the case .
The results of that inquiry have not yet been made public .
Information Commissioner Christopher Graham has called for the full details of Lord Ashcroft 's status to be made public and criticised " evasive and obfuscatory " replies given by senior politicians on the subject .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Introduction to the Reactive Extensions for JavaScript – Composing Callbacks Thursday , March 11 , 2010
So far in this series , we ’ve covered some basic information about the Reactive Extensions for JavaScript ( RxJS ) including creating observables and creating observers as well as jQuery integration .
Now that we have a foundation in some of the basic building blocks , let ’s actually do something interesting with it .
For example , how would we compose two AJAX calls together with callbacks ?
In this post , we ’ll explore using the Bing Translator in combination with jQuery and the RxJS .
Before we get started , let ’s get caught up to where we are today :
Detecting and Translating Text with the Microsoft Translator
One of the many examples I ’ve played with involving asynchronous programming , especially with my F# samples as well as the Reactive Extensions for .NET is using the Microsoft Translator .
This API , which is provided in several flavors ( SOAP , AJAX and HTTP ) allows us to not only translate but also detect the language of a given piece of text .
Just as well , there are other functions such as getting all languages codes and getting all language names by language code , and we ’ll cover that in a subse ) quent post .
Getting started , you need to apply for a developer key which you can get here .
From there , we can embed our JavaScript link in our HTML so that we can get started .
< script type = " text/ javascript " src = " http://api.microsofttranslator.com/V1/Ajax.svc/Embed?appId=myAppId " > </ script >
In this example , we ’re going to first detect the language of the given piece of text and then translate it into another language .
In honor of Erik and his team , I decided on Dutch as the destination language .
In order to detect the language we need to call the detect function which looks like the following .
It takes in some text and then a callback which then will give us our result as the function parameter .
Microsoft.Translator.detect ( text , // Text of the unknown language callback ) ; //
A callback on complete
Next , we need the ability to translate our text to Dutch once we ’ve determined the source language .
In order to do so , we must call the aptly named translate function which we provide our text , a from language that we ’ll provide from our detect function callback , our destination language and finally a callback which provides us with the resulting text .
Microsoft.Translator.translate ( text , //
Text to translate from , //
The source language to , // The destination language callback ) ; //
The handling callback
What you ’ve noticed from these two functions is that they provide callback functions for each .
If we want truly compositional behavior , our code could get quite messy especially if we ’re doing anything such as filtering results , transforming , aggregating and so forth .
But for now , we ’ll have a simple example of composing these callbacks together .
In order to do so , we have to turn these two functions , detect and translate into Observables .
So , how do we do that ?
In this case , we ’ll make use of the AsyncSubject class which allows us to represent the result of an asynchronous operation .
This class will take one value and only one value and then caches it for all future calls and acts as both an Observer and an Observable .
So for each time we call this subsequently , it will not cause a side effect and instead yield us the cached calculated value .
We ’ll then call the detect method with our text and a callback , and inside of our callback , we ’ll yield the value with OnNext and then mark our sequence as completed by calling OnCompleted .
Finally , we ’ll return our AsyncSubject as an Observable and hide the fact that it ’s both an Observer and Observable .
function detect ( text ) { var subject = new Rx.AsyncSubject ( ) ; Microsoft.Translator.detect ( text , function ( result ) { subject .
OnNext ( result ) ; subject .
OnCompleted ( ) ; } ) ; return subject .
AsObservable ( ) ; }
The same also applies to our translate function in pretty much the same form as we have above .
function translate ( text , from , to ) { var subject = new Rx.AsyncSubject ( ) ; Microsoft.Translator.translate ( text , from , to , function ( translation ) { subject .
OnNext ( translation ) ; subject .
OnCompleted ( ) ; } ) ; return subject .
AsObservable ( ) ; }
Now , let ’s compose these together in such a way that we first detect the language of the text and then translate .
To make that happen , we ’ll use the SelectMany method which projects each value of our observable sequence to an observable sequence and flattens the resulting observable sequences into one observable sequence .
In this case , we ’re only projecting one value to the next observable sequence .
var translator = detect ( translateText ) .
SelectMany ( function ( detected ) { return translate ( translateText , detected , " nl " ) ; } ) ;
Of course we could do more like filter , scan , etc with this , but it ’s a good start .
Now bringing it all together in a jQuery and RxJS way , we can now complete our example by wiring up our HTML to take the input from a textbox once a button has been clicked , translate it , and display the result .
$ ( document ) . ready ( function ( ) { $( " #translateCommand " ) . ToObservable ( " click " ) . Subscribe ( function ( event ) { var translateText = $( " # translateText " ) .val ( ) ; var translator = detect ( translateText ) .
SelectMany ( function ( detected ) { return translate ( translateText , detected , " nl " ) ; } ) ; translator .
Subscribe ( function ( translated ) { $( " # translatedText " ) .html( translated ) ; } ) ; } ) ; } ) ;
And now we can see it in action by entering a sentence and sure enough it detects it as English properly .
How can I be sure of that ?
What if I want to perform a side effect during the process , such as displaying our detected language ?
To do that , we can use the Do method which invokes some sort of action for its side effect for each item in the sequence .
We could then change our translator Observable to the following to enable that behavior .
var translator = detect ( translatedText ) .
Do ( function ( detected ) { $( " # detectedText " ) .html ( " Detected " + detected ) ; } ) . SelectMany ( function ( detected ) { return translate ( translatedText , detected , " nl " ) ; } ) ;
Now we have a nice compositional and quite fluent chain which deals with asynchronous behavior .
Invoking it this time in Spanish , we get the following result .
We could go even further to aggregate counts of which language was detected over time by using the Scan function , but that ’s for another time .
Conclusion
Through the use of the Reactive Extensions for JavaScript , we ’re able to bring compositional behavior to that which had been harder to do , such as asynchronous callbacks .
We ’re able to get code in a nice fluent manner that makes sense and let ’s us focus on the core problem domain instead of scattering code within a bunch of callbacks which can lead to any number of race conditions .
This of course is only scratching the surface of what capabilities this library has and there is much more yet left to cover .
The question you ’re probably asking now is where can I get it ?
Well , for that you ’ll have to stay tuned .
I hope to have more announcements soon about its general availability .
What can I say ?
I love JavaScript and very much looking forward to the upcoming JSConf 2010 here in Washington , DC where the Reactive Extensions for JavaScript will be shown in its full glory with Jeffrey Van Gogh ( who you can now follow on Twitter ) .
For too many times , we ’ve looked for the abstractions over the natural language of the web ( HTML , CSS and JavaScript ) and created monstrosities instead of embracing the web for what it is .
With libraries such as jQuery and indeed the Reactive Extensions for JavaScript gives us better tools for dealing with the troubled child that is DOM manipulation and especially events .
Gob hits me .
Not literally , of course - he 's much too kindhearted for that .
But as he runs away , clutching his bleeding head and begging for mercy , I am genuinely struck by a deep , genuine remorse .
Here 's a Ghoul - not an undead monster in the traditional sense , but one of the residents of the Capital Wasteland whose appearance was deeply disfigured by radiation - who has spent his long , painful life beleaguered by intolerance and various physical ailments .
He spends his days mixing drinks at a sleazy bar in Megaton , constantly harassed and mocked for his condition by his boss , Colin Moriarty .
And now I 've strolled in , dismembered all his friends and coworkers , and am chasing him through the dingy building while he tries - in vain , naturlich - to hide .
Gob wo n't be the last person I mercilessly slaughter in Megaton this day , but his death will stay with me the longest .
Which may seem surprising , as I 've already ploughed through old ladies , overworked doctors , and starving beggars with my trusty sledgehammer .
( Well , it became my trusty sledgehammer after I clubbed one of Megaton 's sledgehammer - wielding citizens to death with a baseball bat . )
I 'm on a mission - not to praise Jesus or ensure that every child in Namibia has a netbook , but to kill every single living vaguely human - like character in Fallout 3 .
Kids are off the menu because a )
Fallout 3 does n't let you kill them , and b ) I could n't do it , anyway .
But everyone else , no matter how friendly , helpful , or beneficial to my completion of the game , must be put into the ground .
I 'm doing this because I want to test the simu - limits of Bethesda 's most accomplished softwork .
Oblivion left me cold , but I adored Fallout 3 on release , and will quite happily place it on a pedestal next to Interplay 's first two instalments in the series .
The first time I ran through it , though , I , like most other people , played a hero .
I did get to watch Megaton explode , but only because I 'd quicksaved just beforehand , and could easily go back and Do The Right Thing .
Which , of course , I promptly did .
( Videogames 1 , Real Life 0 . )
The deliciousness of a great open - worlder is not so much in going back and doing it all again differently - because , really , who has the time ?
- but in knowing that you could , if you wanted .
If the game does n't trigger that sensation at every step , it 's a waste of time and money .
Thankfully , Fallout 3 , like its canonical predecessors , delivered - I was always acutely aware of at least a dozen little ghosts running around my pure - hearted self , doing the whole thing with a more avaricious , hedonistic , or just downright evil bent .
Blow up Megaton , turn in the android , request " protection money " : I saw it all happen in my mind 's eye .
A bit like Sliding Doors , but with Super Mutants and exploding craniums .
But this is something else entirely .
This is n't even mass - murder .
This ai n't rock ' n ' roll .
This is genocide .
Before we go on , I should clarify that my mission has another , slightly more snooty , objective : anti-videogames pundits love to describe games like this as " mass - killing simulators " , and whilst I 'm reasonably confident that the vast majority of Fallout 3's buyers ( and rascally downloaders ) would n't dream of playing it that way , I want to know if there 's any merit to the practice .
Is it any fun ?
Will I feel like I 've been missing out on something ?
Or perhaps Dale Dye's and Eliot Spitzer 's doomiest predictions might come to pass : will I end up chasing my wife around the house with the business end of an umbrella ?
Time will tell .
NEW HAVEN —
The continued need for affirmative action to achieve fairness and equality for everyone , and to address the economic crisis , won support last weekend at African American History Month events in Hartford and New Haven addressed by Dr. Gerald Horne and the New Haven Firebirds .
The “ Working Together for Justice ” events hosted by the People ’s World drew large multi-racial turnouts .
The New Haven overflow event also highlighted the writing and artwork of high school students about racism and stereotyping in their schools , and music and poetry for Haiti by Baub Bidon , Ras Mo Moses , Jeff Fuller and Richard Hill .
In appreciation of the Firebirds , Dr. Horne , professor of African American studies at University of Houston said , “ In fighting against tests not related to the job at hand , these heroic New Haven firefighters were simultaneously fighting for a better world , where workers would not be subjected to subjective , unfair and ultimately discriminatory criteria for evaluation . ”
He called the battle to protect and extend affirmative action “ one of the most profound and important struggles of our time …. to attack the poison that is racism and sexism , which is critical if the class struggle is to be accelerated . ”
Accepting an appreciation award and Aldermanic Citation , Firebirds president Gary Tinney , who was at the U.S. Supreme Court for the case of 6,000 African American Chicago firefighters , said the media ignored that case while giving national headlines to 19 white firefighters from New Haven whose case was used unsuccessfully to try to strike down affirmative action and block Sonia Sotomayor from appointment to the Court .
Also awarded were Ron Benson , Firebirds president in the 1990 ’s and George Sweeney the first African American firefighter in New Haven .
Benson recounted previous court cases in which he was involved that struck down discriminatory practices .
A case in 1989 halted promotions to not - yet vacant positions .
In 1998 the practice of “ under filling ” which facilitated promotion of lower rank candidates was ruled to be a violation of civil service laws and intentional discrimination against Black firefighters .
Sweeney , hired onto the force in 1957 , was deeply moved .
He recalled his first day on the job when no one would acknowledge his presence , and commended ongoing efforts to achieve equality .
In a shocking expose of discrimination against hiring of Black , Latino and women firefighters in departments across the country , Horne emphasized the need to continue organizing around this issue .
Even after the US Supreme Court ruled against New Haven , lower courts have upheld correction of discriminatory test results .
In New York , a federal judge ordered the Fire Department to give hundreds of Latino and African American applicants jobs , retroactive pay and compensatory damages .
In his remarks , Horne put the issue of affirmative action into the context of the current economic crisis , showing that the racist practice of redlining was a “ pivotal reason ” for the collapse of the housing bubble in the fall of 2008 .
“ In Memphis , ” he said , “ city officials have filed a lawsuit against the banking giant Wells Fargo arguing that this form offered one mortgage to whites and another to Blacks , leading one in eight African Americans to foreclosure as compared to one in 59 for whites .
“ When these homeowners are foreclosed , this means fewer property taxes – and layoffs of city workers and more foreclosures as homeowners cannot pay their mortgages – as the economy enters a death spiral , ” he concluded .
The need for special targeting of communities hardest hit by the economic crisis for job creation and federal assistance is a logical conclusion .
An inspiring highlight of the afternoon were the essays , poetry and artwork of high school students who entered the competition associated with the event around the theme “ Working Together for Justice . ”
Teachers , parents and siblings came to hear the winning entries and see all the participants receive certificates .
Prizes were donated by the Afro- American Cultural Center , African American Studies Department at Yale , Amistad Committee and Peabody Museum .
The work can be viewed at ctpeopolebeforeprofits .
blogspot.com along with the full text of Dr. Horne ’s address .
Also on exhibit were drawings on the same theme made on Martin Luther King Jr. ’s birthday at the People ’s World table at the Peabody Museum ’s event .
The 36th annual celebration raised $ 2500 toward the Connecticut fund drive for the People ’s World .
Photo : Art Perlo
Why do domestic dogs vary so much in size , shape , coat texture , color and patterning ?
Study of the dog genome has reached a point where the molecular mechanisms governing such variation across mammalian species are becoming understood .
In an essay published in the March 2 , 2010 issue of PLoS Biology , National Human Genome Research Institute ( NHGRI ) researchers discuss advances in understanding the genomic mechanisms controlling canine morphology .
There are more than 300 dog breeds in the world , including 170 recognized by the American Kennel Club .
All are members of the species Canis familiaris .
The authors review unique features of the canine genome that make it particularly good for genetic studies , and they show that breeds can be divided into five major groups derived from groups of ancient forebears .
" Study of variation in the dog species , with its breeding structure , helps us hone in on the genomic factors for traits shared across species , including analogs for diseases that occur in the human population , " said senior author Elaine Ostrander , Ph.D. , chief of NHGRI 's Cancer Genetics Branch .
This essay highlights the unique features of dog populations that offer advantages for genetic studies , as well as recent advances in canine genomics that show how genetic mechanisms may control breed - defining traits .
For example , the hunt for genes for a prominent trait in more than one breed ( such as short legs ) is simplified because of the genetic diversity observed between breeds .
Also it is easier to identify disease genes in dogs than in the much more diverse human population .
Several features of the dog genome may lead to the large differences between domestic dog breeds , generating a higher rate of new , non-lethal variants in the dog genome , which are then available to be selected upon by breeders .
Several discoveries correlating a gene to a particular trait are discussed , from the characteristic short legs of breeds like dachshunds and corgis , to the 30 - fold differential in dog skeletal size , to fur texture and color .
" The dog genome is an extraordinary model for genomic study due to the combination of selective breeding practices and perhaps this species ' unique capacity to undergo adaptive molecular changes , " said co-author Abigail Shearin , a University of Pennsylvania veterinary student pursuing research training in the Ostrander Lab .
This work is supported by the intramural Program of the National Human Genome Research Institute and the Howard Hughes Scholars Program .
An MVar in Haskell is a shared variable that is either full , or empty .
Trying to write to a full one , or read from an empty one , will cause you to block .
It can be used as a one - place buffered asynchronous channel .
Consider if you did n’t want choice , or conjunction or any of the fancy features of CHP , but you do want to build a synchronous channel using MVars .
How would you do it ?
MVars — The Obvious Way
There is a very straightforward way to turn asynchronous channels into synchronous channels : you form a pair of channels , and use one for the writer to send the reader the data , and the other for the reader to send the writer an acknowledgement :
data SimpleChannel a = SimpleChannel ( MVar a ) ( MVar ( ) ) newSimpleChannel :: IO ( SimpleChannel a ) newSimpleChannel = liftM2 SimpleChannel newEmptyMVar newEmptyMVar writeSimpleChannel :: SimpleChannel a -> a -> IO ( ) writeSimpleChannel ( SimpleChannel msg ack ) x = putMVar msg x >> takeMVar ack readSimpleChannel :: SimpleChannel a -> IO a readSimpleChannel ( SimpleChannel msg ack ) = takeMVar msg <* putMVar ack ()
Let ’s assume that context - switching is the major cost in these algorithms , and examine how many times a process must block in the above algorithm .
We know that this must be at least one ; whoever arrives first will have to block to wait for the second participant .
We ’ll start with what happens if the writer arrives first .
The writer arrives , puts the value into the data MVar , then blocks waiting for the ack .
The reader arrives , takes the data and sends the ack , at which point the writer wakes up .
So in this case : one block .
If the reader arrives first , it will block waiting for the data MVar .
The writer will arrive , put the value into the data MVar , then block waiting for the ack .
The reader will wake up , take the data and send the ack ; then the writer will wake up .
So here we had two blocks .
The writer blocking is unnecessary ; if the reader was already there waiting , there is no need for the writer to wait for an ack , it could just deposit the value and go — if it knew the reader was there .
MVars —
The Faster Way
There are several ways to remove that second block .
One way is to have an MVar as a sort of status MVar .
When the reader or writer arrives , they try to put into this MVar .
If they succeed , they are first and they wait on a second MVar .
If they fail , they are second and act accordingly , emptying the status variable and waking up the first party :
data FastChannel a = FastChannel ( MVar ( Maybe a ) ) ( MVar ( ) ) ( MVar a ) newFastChannel :: IO ( FastChannel a ) newFastChannel = liftM3 FastChannel newEmptyMVar newEmptyMVar newEmptyMVar writeFastChannel :: FastChannel a -> a -> IO ( ) writeFastChannel ( FastChannel sts ack msg ) x = do first <- tryPutMVar sts ( Just x ) if first then takeMVar ack -- will block else takeMVar sts >> putMVar msg x readFastChannel :: FastChannel a -> IO a readFastChannel ( FastChannel sts ack msg ) = do first <- tryPutMVar sts Nothing if first then takeMVar msg -- will block else ( fromJust < $> takeMVar sts ) <* putMVar ack ()
This version is , in my benchmarks , twice as fast as the first version , which suggests that context - switching really is the expensive part of these algorithms .
In fact , I started out with the first version in thi spost , but CHP ’s more featured and complex algorithms were coming out faster because I only ever block once .
It was only when I improved the MVar version to the second one above that the results were as I expected .
The foundation says the move would give more balanced working
The working week should be cut to 21 hours to help boost the economy and improve quality of life , a left - wing think tank has said .
The New Economics Foundation claimed in a report the reduction in hours would help to ease unemployment and overwork .
The think tank said people were working longer hours now than 30 years ago even though unemployment was at 2.5 million .
The foundation admitted people would earn less , but said they would have more time to carry out worthy tasks .
They would have better scope to look after children or other dependants , there would be more opportunity for civic duties , and older people could even delay retirement , it said .
' Better employees ' Anna Coote , co-author of the 21 Hours report , said : " So many of us live to work , work to earn , and earn to consume , and our consumption habits are squandering the earth 's natural resources .
HAVE YOUR SAY
This is a fantastic idea .
With two parents working less hours it would give families so much more time to spend together Sarah Tickhill , Newcastle under Lyme " Spending less time in paid work could help us to break this pattern .
We 'd have more time to be better parents , better citizens , better carers and better neighbours .
" We could even become better employees - less stressed , more in control , happier in our jobs and more productive .
" It is time to break the power of the old industrial clock , take back our lives and work for a sustainable future . "
The foundation 's policy director Andrew Simms added : " A cultural shift will throw up real challenges , but there could also be massive benefits for our economy , our quality of life and our planet .
" After all , hands up who would n't like a four day weekend ? "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The technology bubble popped a decade ago , but the venture - capital industry that helped finance the boom stayed largely intact .
Now venture - capital firms are going through their own brutal culling .
Venture firms are struggling to raise new cash , hampered by poor investment returns and a difficult economy .
Last year , 125 venture funds in the U.S. collected $ 13.6 billion , down from 203 funds that raised $ 28.7 billion in 2008 and down from 217 funds that raised $ 40.8 billion in 2007 , according to data tracker VentureSource .
...
( See Correction & Amplification below . )
DENVER — Attorney Warren Edson would like to throttle the anonymous marijuana breeder who named a potent strain of weed " Green Crack . "
He 's not too fond , either , of those breeders who have given strains names like " Jack the Ripper , " " White Widow , " " AK - 47 " and " Trainwreck . "
" How can I find them and strangle them ? " Mr. Edson asks .
His beef : Mr. Edson is in the vanguard of an aggressive movement to make pot respectable — but decades of stoner culture keep dragging him down .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Former Vice President Dick Cheney was hospitalized Monday with chest pains , according to his office .
Cheney , 69 , is resting comfortably at George Washington University Hospital , and his doctors are evaluating the situation , his staff said in a statement .
A family source told CNN that Cheney will be kept in the hospital overnight for observation and additional tests .
Another source said Cheney is up and in touch with his family and friends .
CNN 's chief medical correspondent Sanjay Gupta called Cheney 's mobility " a good sign . "
" If he 's up and walking around , talking to friends ... that probably means he's not in the intensive care unit , " he said .
" They 're not doing active procedures on his heart .
He 's not on a breathing machine or anything like that .
No one ever said he was .
It 's obviously a good sign . "
Cheney has a long history of heart problems .
He has suffered four heart attacks dating to 1978 , when he was 37 .
He had his second in 1984 and a third in 1988 before undergoing quadruple bypass surgery to unblock his arteries .
His fourth heart attack happened in November 2000 , after he was elected vice president .
At that time , doctors inserted a stent to open an artery .
Doctors in 2001 implanted a heart monitoring device to keep track of his heart rhythm and slow it down if necessary .
In 2008 , he underwent a procedure to restore his heart to a normal rhythm after doctors found he was experiencing a recurrence of atrial fibrillation .
Cheney served under former President George W. Bush from 2001 to 2009 .
He has been a vocal critic of the current administration since he left office , most recently appearing on ABC's " This Week , " where he railed against President Obama 's policies on terror and the Iraq war .
He has accused the Obama administration of failing to treat the fight against terrorists as war , citing the decisions to give 9/11 suspect Khalid Sheikh Mohammed a civilian trial , give the failed Christmas Day airline bombing suspect the privileges of the U.S. criminal justice system , and shut down the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
Cheney also served in the administrations of former Presidents Richard Nixon , Gerald Ford and George H.W. Bush .
CNN 's John King contributed to this report .
Imagine you 're stuck in a burning building , trying desperately to escape .
After stumbling to the end of a smoke - filled corridor , you have to choose whether to turn left or right .
The decision could determine whether you live or die – but the way you make it is not as random as you might think , according to Ed Galea , professor of mathematical modelling at the University of Greenwich .
Galea has forged a career out of working out the science and psychology behind how people 's brains function in disaster zones .
He has interviewed thousands of survivors , from 300 people who escaped the World Trade Center on 9/11 to plane crash and Paddington rail disaster survivors .
The results of his research are used by governments , building designers and emergency workers around the world to try to plan for the effects of future catastrophes .
His latest project , funded by a € 2 million ( £ 1.8 m ) European Union grant , is BeSeCu ( Behaviour , Security and Culture ) , which involves trying to understand whether culture affects the way people behave in emergency situations .
" The question we 're answering is , do people from different countries behave differently in a crisis ? " , says Galea .
" Most of the data that 's used in evacuation analysis is from the UK , US and Australia .
There 's an implicit assumption that people everywhere behave the same , but we 're not sure that 's true . "
So BeSeCu is carrying out " unannounced evacuation drills " in multistorey university library buildings around Europe , including Poland , Czech Republic and Turkey , and comparing the results with evacuation data from Brazil and the UK .
" We 're going to compare the data on response time and behaviour .
If it varies in different places , that will suggest a need to change how we plan for emergency situations – we 'll have to take a much more localised approach . "
Galea 's interest was triggered by victims ' responses to a tragic fire in the Daegu underground in Korea .
" I looked at photographs of the inside of burning carriages , and collaborated with a Korean researcher who interviewed survivors .
Most sat around , waiting for instructions from an authority figure .
When I presented the findings at a UK conference , it was suggested that my data was irrelevant because ' that would never happen in the UK ' .
So I started wondering whether people around the world react differently . "
Working at Greenwich 's Fire Safety Engineering Group , Galea and his team have designed Exodus , a computer modelling system that can simulate how people behave in emergency evacuations , which is used in 33 countries .
It was used in the design of London 's O2 arena , Sydney 's Olympic stadium , the " bird 's nest " arena in Beijing and the Airbus A380 .
Now he is adding to the model by analysing data from interviews with survivors of the 7/7 terrorist attacks in London and the Madrid bombings .
" By studying how people responded on the underground trains and in the stations , we hope to better understand how the perception of risk , reaction to authority figures and interaction with other survivors influences emergency behaviour . "
The findings will be used to improve computer software so it better reflects how people behave in emergencies and can be more reliable in building design .
There are also practical ideas that are easier to implement , Galea says .
" I 'm looking at how people respond to alarms and instructions .
If people on trains always wait for an official to tell them what to do , then perhaps we need to improve communication systems on trains so they have a better chance of working in extreme situations . "
Galea is also investigating how people think when trying to escape house fires or a flooding house .
" We 've set up an online survey looking at how people move – at intersections , do they go left or right , for example .
So far it seems that left - handed and right - handed people behave differently , and so do people who drive on different sides of the road .
Working out the patterns will give people a better chance of surviving future disasters . "
Galea , who spends his days mapping human behaviour , fell into his work " completely by accident " .
More than two decades later , he has amassed plenty of advice on getting out of a fire or crash alive .
" The main thing is having good situational awareness , " he says .
" Understand the environment you 're in , whether it's a plane , train , ship or building , know where your nearest exit is and how you 'd escape in a hurry .
If you 're travelling with family , plan what you would do in an emergency , like whether you 'd try to reunite before escaping , or meet outside . "
On planes , Galea recommends choosing a seat close to an exit .
" I always try and sit within five rows of an exit on an aisle seat , " he says .
" Once you 're seated , count the rows to your nearest two exits in case it becomes too dark to see . "
Galea stresses , however , that planes are " really quite safe " .
One thing that does make him upset , however , is disaster movies .
The latest to hit our screens is 2012 , which Galea says makes him " frustrated about how badly Hollywood gets it wrong " .
" Disaster films convey completely the wrong view of how most people behave in these kind of situations , " he says .
" Hollywood shows people panicking , but my research shows that 9.9 times out of 10 , people do n't turn into crazed individuals , but behave quite rationally .
They tend to help each other , too . "
That , says Galea , is a crucial part of his job .
" The knowledge that most people react in a humanist way helps me to get in up in the morning – I come to work knowing that people tend to behave in a supportive , helpful way in emergencies , so any way we can help inform intelligent building design and disaster strategies will help them to survive . "
• Galea is keen to hear from survivors of particular emergencies , including : • People who have experienced domestic fires in the last 10 years that required evacuation and the emergency services • People involved in the Royal Marsden hospital fire in January 2008 •
Anyone who was on a train that was evacuated or in one of the stations that was evacuated during the 7/7 London bombs •
Anyone who has been forced to evacuate their home due to floods
Find out more : http://fseg.gre.ac.uk/fire/besecu.html
Subbanator Habs Fans Find New Way to Offend
Habs fans are offensive at the best of times , but this is a whole different class of offensiveness .
A couple of Montreal Canadiens fans painted their faces black with shoe polish and adorned afro wigs in support of P.K. Subban , who happens to be black .
Wow .
If you clicked that first link you know how much I hate the Montreal Canadiens .
I hate the franchise , but mostly I hate the fans .
As much as I hate Habs fans , these two idiots in Subbanator shirts have found a brand new low .
Author Message
TheBearPaw
Joined : 25 Feb 2010
Posts : 23
Location : New Reno SDF !Joined : 25 Feb 2010 Posts : 23 Location : New Reno
Posted : Sun Mar 07 , 2010 2:22 pm Nice !
Ausir
Joined : 22 Apr 2002
Posts : 1272
Location : Poland The Vault OverseerJoined : 22 Apr 2002 Posts : 1272 Location : Poland
Posted : Sun Mar 07 , 2010 2:58 pm
Could use some watermarks .
MR Snake
Joined : 02 Aug 2003
Posts : 2232
Location : Fapping in my mothers basement ChinderellaJoined : 02 Aug 2003 Posts : 2232 Location : Fapping in my mothers basement
Posted : Sun Mar 07 , 2010 3:26 pm
It looks like the same old shit we saw in that turd of a craphole called Walter ... I mean Fallout 3 .
Yonmanc
Joined : 23 Jun 2009
Posts : 2224
Location : Manchester , UK Hero of the Glowing LandsJoined : 23 Jun 2009 Posts : 2224Location : Manchester , UK
Posted : Sun Mar 07 , 2010 3:30 pm
Looks shit .
Retlaw83
Joined : 17 Jul 2004
Posts : 5327
Goatse MessiahJoined : 17 Jul 2004 Posts : 5327
Posted : Sun Mar 07 , 2010 4:33 pm Looks identical to Fallout 3 , but the second picture bears a remarkable resemblance to Snake .
It 's why he 's uncomfortable letting people know who he is .
Last edited by Retlaw83 on Sun Mar 07 , 2010 4:35 pm ; edited 1 time in total
Dogmeatlives
Joined : 27 Feb 2006
Posts : 3189
Location : Junktown , Phil 's doorstep Living LegendJoined : 27 Feb 2006 Posts : 3189 Location : Junktown , Phil 's doorstep
Posted : Sun Mar 07 , 2010 4:35 pm this is something i have major beef with : the character faces .
Does anyone else find it somewhat odd that the characters ' faces in this new game look almost exactly like the ones in the old game .
Every single old man looks exactly the same in bethesdas fallout world and the women can hardly be differentiated from one another .
The only thing that allows the men to be told apart is their facial hair .
And black people .... wtf is wrong with bethesda's idea of what black people look like ?!
they do not look like white people painted brown .
and i think i mentioned this a long time ago somewhere else , but the men all look like pansies .
Last edited by Dogmeatlives on Sun Mar 07 , 2010 4:50 pm ; edited 1 time in total
King of Creation
Joined : 20 Dec 2003
Posts : 5103
Righteous SubjugatorJoined : 20 Dec 2003 Posts : 5103
Posted : Sun Mar 07 , 2010 4:49 pm
The thing about Fallout 3 NPCs that creeped me out the most were their eyes - all glossed over and corpse like : shudder :
Dogmeatlives
Joined : 27 Feb 2006
Posts : 3189
Location : Junktown , Phil 's doorstep Living LegendJoined : 27 Feb 2006 Posts : 3189 Location : Junktown , Phil 's doorstep
Posted : Sun Mar 07 , 2010 4:56 pm i so wish new vegas had some badass GTA 4 style cut scenes
am i turning into a casual gamer ?
Dr.Xen
Joined : 18 Nov 2009
Posts : 117
Location : Shenzhen Vault DwellerJoined : 18 Nov 2009
Posts : 117Location : Shenzhen
Posted : Sun Mar 07 , 2010 5:32 pm amazing !
Yonmanc
Joined : 23 Jun 2009
Posts : 2224
Location : Manchester , UK Hero of the Glowing LandsJoined : 23 Jun 2009 Posts : 2224Location : Manchester , UK
Posted : Sun Mar 07 , 2010 6:06 pm Dogmeatlives wrote : i so wish new vegas had some badass GTA 4 style cut scenes
am i turning into a casual gamer ?
I dunno , if new Vegas had talking heads as detailed as GTA 4 ' scut scenes , I 'd be happy .
Love the game or not , the graphics and the acting is top notch .
niejadek5
Joined : 08 Jan 2009
Posts : 128
Location : Poland Vault DwellerJoined : 08 Jan 2009
Posts : 128 Location : Poland
Posted : Sun Mar 07 , 2010 7:45 pm
Another DLC if you ask me ...
Mr. Teatime
Joined : 19 May 2003
Posts : 3340
Righteous SubjugatorJoined : 19 May 2003 Posts : 3340
Posted : Sun Mar 07 , 2010 9:31 pm
Yeah watermarking these might be a good idea .
Dunno if that 's easy to do , though ...
Brother None
Joined : 09 Jul 2003
Posts : 825
Location : Rotterdam , the Netherlands Desert StriderJoined : 09 Jul 2003 Posts : 825 Location : Rotterdam , the Netherlands
Posted : Sun Mar 07 , 2010 9:54 pm Mr. Teatime wrote :
Yeah watermarking these might be a good idea .
Dunno if that 's easy to do , though ...
It is , but it'd be a bit pointless .
At least two sites ( It is , but it'd be a bit pointless .
At least two sites ( Scrawl and Games Thirst ) had these up before DaC did , and by this point half the internet has 'em , with most sites ( ' cept NMA and the Vault who credit DaC ( and Scrawl ) ) crediting Games Thirst or - bizarelly - claiming the PR comes from Obsidian / Bethesda , which as far as I can see can't be true .
King of Creation
Joined : 20 Dec 2003
Posts : 5103
Righteous SubjugatorJoined : 20 Dec 2003 Posts : 5103
Posted : Mon Mar 08 , 2010 5:56 am
That sucks ... I was hoping I had a secret inner-circle source .
You let me down JT
King of Creation
Joined : 20 Dec 2003
Posts : 5103
Righteous SubjugatorJoined : 20 Dec 2003 Posts : 5103
Posted : Mon Mar 08 , 2010 8:48 am I have a feeling that the images might be from OXM US .
Just read this at the Bethblog
Quote :
In addition to the article , written by Ryan McCaffrey , the included Xbox Game Disc includes exclusive Fallout : New Vegas Gamer Pics .
http://bethblog.com/index.php/2010/03/05/oxm-covers-fallout-new-vegas-on-newsstands-next-week/
Hopefully someone can confirm that the images on the disc are these shots .
Maybe they 'll have the concept art too .
Hopefully someone can confirm that the images on the disc are these shots .
Maybe they 'll have the concept art too .
Ausir
Joined : 22 Apr 2002
Posts : 1272
Location : Poland The Vault OverseerJoined : 22 Apr 2002 Posts : 1272 Location : Poland
Posted : Mon Mar 08 , 2010 12:18 pm
No , the " gamer pics " from the disc are just crappy avatars .
King of Creation
Joined : 20 Dec 2003
Posts : 5103
Righteous SubjugatorJoined : 20 Dec 2003 Posts : 5103
Posted : Mon Mar 08 , 2010 12:46 pm
Hah , why do they get so excited about them ?
Brother None
Joined : 09 Jul 2003
Posts : 825
Location : Rotterdam , the Netherlands Desert StriderJoined : 09 Jul 2003 Posts : 825 Location : Rotterdam , the Netherlands
Posted : Mon Mar 08 , 2010 1:46 pm
Because it 's OXM .
POOPERSCOOPER
Joined : 05 Apr 2003
Posts : 5022
Location : California PaparazziJoined : 05 Apr 2003 Posts : 5022 Location : California
Posted : Tue Mar 09 , 2010 4:23 am Dogmeatlives wrote : this is something i have major beef with : the character faces .
Does anyone else find it somewhat odd that the characters ' faces in this new game look almost exactly like the ones in the old game .
Every single old man looks exactly the same in bethesdas fallout world and the women can hardly be differentiated from one another .
The only thing that allows the men to be told apart is their facial hair .
And black people .... wtf is wrong with bethesda's idea of what black people look like ?!
they do not look like white people painted brown .
and i think i mentioned this a long time ago somewhere else , but the men all look like pansies .
I doubt there will be any new NPC models in New Vegas , too much work for too little time .
Tropical ants that nest in the forest canopy but launch themselves into the air when predators arrive can glide back to their trees using their back legs as rudders , scientists have found .
The arboreal ants , Cephalotes atratus , build elaborate nests in the trunks and branches of tall trees , but are sometimes dislodged by strong winds and tropical downpours , or jump to safety when lizards and birds approach .
Rather than fall directly to the ground , the ants flip their bodies in mid-air and glide backwards , usually to the tree from which they fell , while peering between their legs to see where they are going .
Their elongated hind legs are used to adjust their trajectory and latch onto the tree when they land , scientists say .
Researchers used video to study the centimetre - long ants in flight after dropping them from treetops at a field station run by the US Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute on Barro Colorado Island in the Panama canal .
The ants ' acrobatic behaviour was confirmed in the laboratory using a high - speed video camera to observe their mid-air manoeuvres .
" For these ants , to fall out of the forest canopy , either into leaf litter or water , would be a really big problem because they 'd wind up being eaten , " said Stephen Yanoviak at the University of Arkansas at Little Rock , who led the study .
" By gliding , they can steer their way back to a tree , climb back up and go home . "
If gliding ants become agitated , for example if they are attacked by a predator , they release an alarm pheromone that makes neighbouring ants leap to safety .
To find out how gliding ants steer , Yanoviak collected some of the insects and painted them white with nail polish to make them easier to see .
He then climbed up to the forest canopy , plucked a leg or two off each , and compared how well they glided when released .
" If you take the rear legs off the ants , they can still glide back to the tree , but they 're not nearly as good at it , " Yanoviak said .
In tests , a control group of intact ants landed on a tree trunk more than 90 % of the time .
When their hindlegs were removed , however , they made it back to the tree roughly 40 % of the time .
Removing the ants ' midlegs reduced their success to less than 70 %
" Trying to understand how something as small as an ant is able to control its fall is interesting and relevant to understanding how these behaviours , and insect flight in general , evolved , " said Yanoviak , whose study is published in the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B .
After seeing this video today by Loffen , we think yes .
This incredibly awesome clip includes almost every hit Alex Ovechkin has given out in his entire career AND a Metallica song .
What ’s not to love ?
NOTHING .
WE’LL ANSWER THAT FOR YOU .
Anyways , please watch Loffen ’s Masterpiece entitled : Alexander Ovechkin “ THE RUSSIAN DESTROYER ” above .
Scary eyes , throbbing veins and a chainsaw celebration have all made Dale Steyn South Africa 's most feared fast bowler .
Extreme pace , the ability to swing the ball both ways , and accuracy have perhaps made him the country 's best ever .
At the peak of his powers , Steyn possessed a lithe and wiry body , a steaming run-up that culminated in a aerodynamic action , and a ripper of an outswinger .
Steyn grew up in Phalaborwa , in the country 's northern - most province , and spent his childhood obsessed with skateboarding .
It was only when he moved to a bigger city , Pretoria , that he gave cricket a proper go and it did not take long before he was considered a serious prospect .
He played just seven first - class matches before he was selected for South Africa and made his debut against England in 2004 , in the same match as AB de Villiers .
He did not have an immediate impact and spent the following winter playing for Essex in Division 2 of the county championship , and the 2005 - 06 season honing his craft in the domestic set - up before he was recalled , a visibly fiercer bowler .
Steyn took 16 wickets in his second series , against New Zealand , but it was only when he faced them the next year , in the 2007 - 08 summer , that he announced himself as one of the fierce fast men .
A visibly fired - up Steyn took ten wickets in the first Test in Johannesburg .
Then , shortly after lunch on the first day of the second Test in Centurion , he delivered a short ball to Craig Cumming , who missed .
The ball crashed into his face and sent him to intensive care .
The flow of wickets became a gush , and in 2008 , he became the fastest South African at the time , and the 15th fastest overall , to reach 100 Test wickets .
That September , Steyn was named ICC Test Player of the Year after taking 86 wickets in 14 matches at an average of 18.10 .
He was part of the South African side that beat England and Australia for the first time away from home since readmission , and then proved he could do it on the subcontinent .
In 2010 , Steyn summoned reverse - swing reminiscent of Wasim Akram and Waqar Younis and took 7 for 51 as South Africa beat India in Nagpur .
He went on to win the Test championship with the team in England in 2012 and took his 300th Test wicket the following year , against New Zealand .
He was only the fourth South African to rack up that many scalps .
After he turned 30 , Steyn 's injury - free run ended .
He suffered a groin strain in the Champions Trophy in June 2013 , a side strain later that year and a rib fracture in early 2014 , a year in which he had three hamstrings strains but also played a part in South Africa 's first Test series win in Sri Lanka in over two decades .
He led South Africa 's attack at the 2015 World Cup but also became the face of their failed campaign .
He delivered the final over in the semi-final against New Zealand and was hit for six by Grant Elliott off the penultimate ball .
Steyn did not seem to be the same afterwards .
In November 2015 , he suffered a groin strain during the first Test against India in Mohali and missed the rest of the four - match series .
He returned in December to play against England but a shoulder injury cut short that summer .
In the 2015 - 16 season , Steyn missed six of South Africa 's eight Tests and all their ODIs .
He recovered for the World T20 but only played two of the four matches .
Firdose Moonda
Helen
Wang just wrote an interesting post on innovation in Chinese manufacturing , or the lack thereof .
The post is entitled , Myth of China ’s Manufacturing Prowess , and its central thesis is that Americans misunderstand what drives Chinese manufacturing .
I agree with her and at the end of this post , I will explain how this misconception negatively impacts foreign companies that use China for their OEM manufacturing .
Ms. Wang ’s post starts out discussing a common misconception regarding Chinese manufacturing versus United States manufacturing based on sheer volume :
In a meeting in Silicon Valley with high - tech and business professionals , I asked how many of them thought China was the world ’s largest manufacturer .
Almost 90 percent raised their hands .
The latest data shows , however , that the United States is still the largest manufacturer in the world .
In 2008 , U.S. manufacturing output was $ 1.8 trillion , compared to $ 1.4 trillion in China ( UN data .
China ’s data do not separate manufacturing from mining and utilities .
So the actual Chinese manufacturing number should be much smaller ) .
Contrary to the conventional view , manufacturing in the U. S. has been growing in the past two decades despite the decline in manufacturing jobs .
She then focuses on what I see as the more important misconception , that China is leading in manufacturing innovation :
It is true that China ’s manufacturing is growing faster than that of the United States .
However , there is a key misconception about China ’s manufacturing prowess .
In the United States and Europe , the manufacturing industry was created due to technology innovation .
In China , the manufacturing industry is being created in response to global demand .
Chinese manufacturers take orders from Western companies that have designed products for their home markets .
They have no involvement with product development , innovation , market research , and even packaging .
She also notes how China ’s manufacturing methods have caused “ many Chinese manufacturers to focus on short term gain .
They compete on volume and price , and only enjoy wafer - thin profit margins . ”
I completely agree and I am constantly seeing how this impacts foreign businesses that outsource their manufacturing to China .
The first impact is on the product itself .
Foreign businesses going to China for manufacturing for the first time often have no idea what is really involved .
Many of these foreign businesses believe they can take a concept or a design over to China and return in a few days with a completed product , ready to be manufactured en masse .
Things rarely work that way .
If you do not have a completed product before you go to your factory in China , it will likely take months for your Chinese factory to get the product done right .
The second impact is on how Chinese factories handle product quality control problems .
The easiest way to explain this is by the following composite conversation between an American company and me :
Company : I got this large shipment of widgets and the quality is horrible .
No way can I even sell them and I am out USD $ 500,000 .
I ’ve been trying to work it out with the Chinese company and we are not getting anywhere .
Me :
You asked for them to return your $ 500,000 and they are saying that ’s not possible Company : Right .
Me :
And they have not offered you anything beyond a 5 % discount on your future orders ?
Company : Right .
How ’d you know ?
Me : Because this is typical and because there is a really good chance your Chinese manufacturer company does n’t have anything close to $ 500,000 to refund to you .
What do you think they made from your order after paying for the materials ?
$ 5,000 ? $ 10,000 ?
Company : I do n’t know , but it has to be more than that .
Me : How much more ?
Seriously .
Estimating as high as you can while still being realistic , how much do you think they made on your order ?
Company : Maybe $ 20,000 .
Me :
So let ’s assume they cleared $ 20,000 on your order after paying for materials and let ’s assume they are the most efficient Chinese factory out there and that after paying wages and utilities and taxes they got to keep $ 10,000 of that and let ’s multiply that $ 10,000 out over all their other orders .
Doing this , do you think they make even $ 300,000 a year in profits ?
Company : No. Probably not .
Me :
So there probably is no way they can come up with $ 500,000 to pay you .
Company : So what should I do ?
Me :
You have a number of options , none great .
You can retain a Chinese lawyer and sue , but the problem with that is that you will almost certainly need to come out of pocket for the court costs , which are based in part on the amount you are seeking and actually can be quite high as compared to the U.S.m and you will probably need to pay the lawyer something as well .
And you are going to have to ask yourself whether it will be worth spending real money to try to collect from a Chinese company that you yourself now realize probably will not be able to just pay you even if you win the lawsuit .
Or you can just try to get whatever you can from this company , maybe $ 20,000 , $ 50,000 if you are really really lucky , and then just move on .
But I have to tell you , most of the time it is difficult to get even $ 10,000 , but you should at least try .
My best advice I have for you is to take precautions to prevent this from happening the next time .
If there is going to be a next time , give me a call and we can work together to get you a China manufacturing contract that will reduce the likelihood of this sort of thing happening again and better position you for recovery if it does .
Company : Okay , thanks .
For how to protect your company when having your products made in China check out The Seven Keys to Product Quality When Manufacturing Overseas
Blast off into space and explore the universe while practicing lower case handwriting .
From the parents and educators who brought you Letter Writer Oceans comes a new handwriting adventure : Letter Writer Space .
Features
A new Stanford University survey confirms what many iPhone users may have long suspected : Apple 's smartphone can be addicting .
The survey was administered to 200 students with iPhones , 70 percent of whom had owned their iPhones for less than a year .
The most interesting trend was how quickly the iPhone became an indispensable part of the students ' lifestyles , and how many of them openly acknowledged they would be lost without it .
Nearly 85 percent of the iPhone owners used the phone as their watch , and 89 percent used it as their alarm clock .
In fact , 75 percent admitted to falling asleep with the iPhone in bed with them , and 69 percent said they were more likely to forget their wallet than their iPhone when leaving in the morning .
Many students readily acknowledge how much they rely on their iPhones .
When asked to rank their dependence on the iPhone on a scale of one to five – five being addicted and one being not at all addicted – 10 percent of the students acknowledged full addiction to the device , 34 percent ranked themselves as a four on the scale , and only 6 percent said they were n't addicted at all .
And among those who did n't consider themselves completely addicted , 32 percent expressed worry that they would become addicted someday .
Furthermore , 15 percent of those surveyed said the iPhone was turning them into a media addict ; 30 percent called it a " doorway into the world " ; 25 percent found the phone " dangerously alluring " and 41 percent said losing their iPhone would be " a tragedy . "
An extension of their bodies
Professor Tanya Luhrmann , the Stanford anthropology professor who oversaw the survey , told the San Jose Mercury News , " One of the most striking things we saw in the interviews was just how identified people were with their iPhone .
It was not so much with the object itself , but it had so much personal information that it became a kind of extension of the mind and a means to have a social life .
It just kind of captured part of their identity . "
Part of that identity is n't just being seen as an iPhone owner , but actually perceiving the iPhone as a part of their selves .
Nearly a quarter of those surveyed reported that the iPhone felt like an extension of their brain or body .
There was also a tendency among the survey participants to anthropomorphize their iPhones and treat it differently than other electronics .
For example , 3 percent of the students said they do n't let anyone touch their iPhone ; another 3 percent have named their iPhone ; 9 percent have patted their iPhone and 8 percent admitted that they have at some time thought " My iPod is jealous of my iPhone . "
The survey also suggests iPhones can affect their owners ' relationships .
Many iPhone owners reported complaints from friends and family about how much time they spent on their devices .
In the survey , 7 percent of students said they had a roommate or partner who actually felt abandoned because of the student 's involvement with the iPhone .
" Some people used the term iPhone widow , " Luhrmann said .
Not necessarily unhealthy
Experts still can't agree whether or not addictions to technologies such as the Internet and personal electronics even qualifies as a medical disorder .
Despite the interesting results , Luhrmann hesitates to say the iPhone is an unhealthy addiction .
" I do n't think it is really unhealthy .
I think they really like their iPhone , " she told TechNewsDaily .
Also , the current survey did n't cover attitudes toward other smartphone .
It 's possible that other phones with similar features might be just as useful and endearing to their owners as the iPhone is to the Stanford students .
The survey also suggests there are benefits to having an iPhone fixation that may balance out the potential negatives .
Over 70 percent of those surveyed said the iPhone made them more organized , and 54 percent said the iPhone made them more productive .
Apple 's wonder phone may even be a confidence booster : 74 percent said the iPhone also made them feel cool .
How could anyone resist a phone that can do that ?
What Happens If You Are Rejected For A Chapter 7 Bankruptcy ?
Posted on : 4 September 2019 Being rejected for a Chapter 7 bankruptcy is n't the end of the world .
In fact , it could be the first step in getting your finances sorted .
Rather than just an outright rejection , your bankruptcy lawyer will be able to help you find other solutions .
Here 's what you need to know .
Why Would Your Chapter 7 Bankruptcy Be Rejected ?
A bankruptcy can be rejected for a number of reasons , such as incomplete paperwork .
[ Read More ]
Four Things You Should Know If You Are Facing A Foreclosure Posted on : 30 April 2019
If your home is going through a foreclosure or you suspect that you are about to be served notice of a foreclosure , you are likely thinking about what options you have .
There are foreclosure attorneys that can offer help .
However , there are a few things you should understand about what they can and can't do for you .
The following are a few things that a lawyer can do for you .
[ Read More ]
Helpful Steps To Take When Considering Bankruptcy According To Attorneys Posted on : 9 February 2019
If you 're facing a large amount of debt and can't find a way to pay it back , bankruptcy is always an option .
Many people today file bankruptcy when they have nowhere to turn .
However , to ensure you make the right financial decisions , you need to consider this advice from bankruptcy attorneys .
Consider Other Options First Bankruptcy should never be the first option when facing financial hardship .
It 's sort of a last - resort option because it can affect your financial future for a long time to come .
[ Read More ]
Disney movies have proven to be a great source of inspiration for many artists who found viral fame thanks to their work .
Graphic designer Carlos Gromo is one of them , and he ...
There 's a wealth of statistical data just a mouse - click aways these days , but I 'm an old - fashioned guy who still likes his newspaper fix .
Every Tuesday during hockey season the Edmonton Journal devotes an entire broadsheet page chock full of agate type providing ( almost ) up - to - date stats of all 800 or so NHL players .
Following a practice of many years , I like to linger on this page for a few minutes every Tuesday , longer if I get some whizzy little project in mind .
There are no fewer than a dozen columns of data to consider .
Besides traditional " boxcar " stats -- games played , goals , assists , points , plus / minus , penalty minutes -- there are columns for shots and shooting percentage , plus a breakdown of goals : powerplay goals , shorthanded goals , game - winning goals , game - tying goals .
What 's that you say ?
Game - tying goals ?
Did n't they go the way of the unicorn when Gary Bettman waved his magic wand after the lockout and did away with ties once and for all ?
The answer is yes and no .
The " GTG " column has been a waste of space for lo these five seasons now , a long , long column of unbroken zeroes .
Yet goals which tie games in regulation time are more valuable than ever before ...
The old definition of a GTG was the last goal scored in a tie game .
It was always a huge goal , every single one of them worth a standings point .
As a group they were considerably more important than game Winning goals , which were worth a standings point when they converted a tie to a victory ( in essence , in a one - goal game ) but often were just another goal in a blowout that the hero 's team would have won anyway .
There was at one time a school of thought that GTG were the best measure of a " clutch " player , whatever that is .
But in the modern game of the Bettman Point , especially Ver 2.0 which sees every game taken to a decision , a game - tying goal -- defined here as the last regulation goal scored in an overtime game , a .k.a. a Regulation
Tie -- is more valuable than ever .
It not only secures a standings point at the end of regulation , it provides the hero 's team with a 50 % chance of taking a second point by winning the game in overtime or , increasingly likely these days , the shootout .
That 50 % might vary from team to team but on a league - wide basis it's an immutable average that not even Gary Bettman can screw up .
By this definition a GTG is worth 1.5 standings points .
It is the ultimate Big goal in the regular season .
Meanwhile , in Gary Bettman 's NHL a game winning goal has been effectively devalued .
The decisive goal in a one - goal win translates to a standings point , sure , but without that GWG the game would remain tied and the team would continue to have a 50 % chance of securing the win later .
They would simply return to what I call the Schrödinger 's
Cat phase of the game , where all you know for sure is that eventually the box will open and the cat will be alive or dead , or in this case that third point will be awarded to the good guys or the bad guys .
It 's a coin flip which will come up heads for exactly half of the teams .
Mathematically speaking , a GWG is the difference not between a win and a tie , but between a win and a tie - with - half - a - chance - to - win .
Thus by my math a GWG is worth only 0.5 standings points .
By this logic , the difference between GTG and GWG is 1.5 - 0.5 = 1.0 points .
Interestingly , that is exactly the difference between a game decided in regulation ( 2 points ) and a game decided in overtime or shootout ( 3 points ) .
The tying goal in effect creates the third point !
And make no mistake , while tie results are a thing of the past , there are more tie games than ever .
As discussed in this piece late last season , NHL coaches are not dummies -- well , most of them are n't -- and have learned that it is much more important to not lose in regulation than it is to actually win .
Get to overtime and a loss in the mini - game will be rewarded like a tie , but a win will be rewarded as a win .
Thus a system that effectively awards 2 for a regulation win , 1.5 for a regulation tie , and 0 for a regulation loss .
Note how this point distribution exactly mirrors the values of game tying vs. game winning goals as derived above .
Flip that logic around , and a game winner late in regulation is 3 x more devastating ( - 1.5 ) to the team that allows it than it is rewarding ( +0.5 ) to the team that scores it , so both squads govern themselves accordingly .
The New NHL is supposedly about offence , but rewards in a very significant way teams who play conservative , close - to - the - vest hockey to preserve a tie ; which not infrequently describes both teams down the stretch of a deadlocked affair .
Post - lockout some 23 % of all games have reached OT , an unprecedented level of 60 - minute ties .
So far in 2009 - 10 , this percentage has surged further to 26 % ; over a quarter of all games are tied after 60 minutes , making the average game worth 2.26 standings points .
The mean Points % has jumped anew from .557 to .566 .
The old standard of .500 , once a mathematical constant of some significance , has faded into complete irrelevance -- .500 teams are no longer mediocre , they are downright bad .
This competitive imbalance could easily be resolved through the introduction of what I have long called the " Three Point Must " system .
If every game were worth three points -- 3 and 0 for a regulation decision or 2 and 1 in extra time -- the risk and reward would be exactly balanced .
A late goal in regulation would be worth just as much ( effectively 1.5 points ) to the team that scored it as it cost the team that allowed it .
A team playing it safe and guaranteeing its one point would be giving up its shot at taking all three points .
The Three Point Must is an elegant , progressive solution which has been suggested but gruffly rejected by Gary Bettman and his antediluvian cronies like Brian Burke .
As a final indignity , not only does the NHL not recognize critical game - tying goals , it does n't properly recognize game winners either !
Games decided by shootout -- as fully two - thirds ( 52 of 77 ) of three - pointers have been so far in 2009 - 10 -- designate but do not credit an official game - winning goal scorer .
Think about this : there 's a game - winning goalie , but no game - winning goal .
Thus the GWG column of all players does not add up to the number of wins of all teams , nor for that matter does the G column add up to the number of GF displayed in the standings .
This could be easily and elegantly resolved by rewarding an official goal to exactly one player in each shootout , the guy whose shootout tally decided things ( à la Jakub Voracek last night , pictured up top ) .
Such a single player is always identified in the official game summary , but his goal is unnumbered and uncredited .
It would be such a simple fix ...
Not in Gary Bettman 's NHL , though , where fundamental concepts like balance , symmetry , zero - sum accounting , respect for tradition , and simple logic have been laid to waste in the pursuit of " growing the game " , artificial parity , and of course the almighty buck .
As a result , the league 's statistics , standings , and record book are utter shambles .
Not only is the historical record of the game beyond repair , I 'm even more concerned about the immediate present .
Every time two teams sit on a tie score to their mutual benefit , the very integrity of the game on the ice is compromised .
Is it any wonder that far too many people do n't take the sport seriously ?
From a Columbia University press release , here ’s a case where the early speculation of science was wrong .
Originally global warming was blamed , but it turns out to be El Niño helping along an already established pathogen .
El Niño and a pathogen killed Costa Rican toad , study finds
Challenges evidence that global warming was the cause
Scientists broadly agree that global warming may threaten the survival of many plant and animal species ; but global warming did not kill the Monteverde golden toad , an often cited example of climate - triggered extinction , says a new study .
The toad vanished from Costa Rica ’s Pacific coastal - mountain cloud forest in the late 1980s , the apparent victim of a pathogen outbreak that has wiped out dozens of other amphibians in the Americas .
Many researchers have linked outbreaks of the deadly chytrid fungus to climate change , but the new study asserts that the weather patterns , at Monteverde at least , were not out of the ordinary .
The role that climate change played in the toad ’s demise has been fiercely debated in recent years .
The new paper , in the March 1 issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , is the latest to weigh in .
In the study , researchers used old - growth trees from the Monteverde Cloud Forest Reserve to reconstruct moisture levels in that region over the last century .
They expected to see global warming manifested in the form of a long - term warming or drying trend , but instead discovered that the forest ’s dry spells closely tracked El Niño , the periodic and natural warming of waters off South America that brings drought to some places and added rainfall and snow to others .
The golden toad vanished after an exceptionally dry season following the 1986 - 1987 El Niño , probably not long after the chytrid fungus was introduced .
Scientists speculate that dry conditions caused the toads to congregate in a small number of puddles to reproduce , prompting the disease to spread rapidly .
Some have linked the dry spell to global warming , arguing that warmer temperatures allowed the chytrid pathogen to flourish and weakened the toad ’s defenses .
The new study finds that Monteverde was the driest it ’s been in a hundred years following the 1986 - 1987 El Niño , but that those dry conditions were still within the range of normal climate variability .
The study does not address amphibian declines elsewhere , nor do the authors suggest that global warming is not a serious threat to biodiversity .
“ There ’s no comfort in knowing that the golden toad ’s extinction was the result of El Niño and an introduced pathogen , because climate change will no doubt play a role in future extinctions , ” said study lead author Kevin Anchukaitis , a climate scientist at Columbia University ’s Lamont - Doherty Earth Observatory .
Average global temperatures have climbed about 0.8 degrees ( 1.4 degrees F ) in the past hundred years , and some studies suggest that mountain regions are warming even more .
In search of favorable conditions , alpine plants and animals are creeping to higher altitudes — not always with success .
Researcher Kevin Anchukaitis sampled nearly 30 old trees in the Monteverde cloud forest before finding two whose climate data could be extracted .
Credit : Jorge Porras .
In a 2006 paper in Nature , a team of U.S. and Latin American scientists linked rising tropical temperatures to the disappearance of 64 amphibian species in Central and South America .
They proposed that warmer temperatures , associated with greater cloud cover , had led to cooler days and warmer nights , creating conditions that allowed the chytrid fungus to grow and spread .
The fungus kills frogs and toads by releasing poison and attacking their skin and teeth .
“ Disease is the bullet killing frogs , but climate change is pulling the trigger , ” the lead author of the Nature study and a research scientist at the Monteverde reserve , J. Alan Pounds , said at the time .
The new study in PNAS suggests that it was El Niño — not climate change — that caused the fungus to thrive , killing the golden toad .
“ El Niño pulled the trigger , ” said Anchukaitis .
Proving a link between climate change and biodiversity loss is difficult because so many overlapping factors may be at play , including habitat destruction , introduction of disease , pollution and normal weather variability .
This is especially true in the tropics , because written weather records may go back only a few decades , preventing researchers from spotting long - term trends .
In the last decade , scientists have improved techniques for reconstructing past climate from tiny samples of wood drilled from tropical trees .
Unlike trees in northern latitudes , tropical trees may grow year round , and often do not form the sharply defined growth rings that help scientists differentiate wet years from dry years in many temperate - region species .
But even in the tropics , weather can leave an imprint on growing trees .
During the dry season , trees take up water with more of the heavy isotope , oxygen - 18 , than oxygen - 16 .
By analyzing the isotope ratio of the tree ’s wood , scientists can reconstruct the periods of rainfall and relative humidity throughout its life .
On two field trips to Costa Rica , Anchukaitis sampled nearly 30 trees , looking for specimens old enough , and with enough annual growth , to be studied .
Back in the lab , he and study co-author Michael Evans , a climate scientist at University of Maryland , analyzed thousands of samples of wood trimmed to the size of pencil shavings .
Their results are only the latest challenge to the theory that climate change is driving the deadly chytrid outbreaks in the Americas .
In a 2008 paper in the journal PLoS Biology , University of Maryland biologist Karen Lips mapped the loss of harlequin frogs from Costa Rica to Panama .
She found that their decline followed the step - by - step pattern of an emerging infectious disease , affecting frogs in the mountains but not the lowlands .
Had the outbreak been climate - induced , she said , the decline should have moved up and down the mountains over time .
Reached by e-mail , Pounds said he disagreed with the PNAS study .
He said that his own 40 - year rainfall and mist - cover measurements at Monteverde show a drying trend that the authors missed because they were unable to analyze moisture variations day to day or week to week .
The weather is becoming more variable and extreme , he added , favoring some pathogens and making some animals more susceptible to disease .
“ Anyone paying close attention to living systems in the wild is aware that our planet is in serious trouble , ” he said .
“ It ’s just a matter of time before this becomes painfully obvious to everyone . ”
Related Link Frequently asked questions
Scientists think climate change may drive plants and animals to extinction by changing their habitats too quickly for them to adapt , shrinking water supplies , or by providing optimal conditions for diseases .
Researchers have established links between population declines and global warming , from sea-ice dependent Adélie and emperor penguins , to corals threatened by ocean acidification and warming sea temperatures .
Warming ocean temperatures are likely to have some effect on El Niño , but scientists are still unsure what they will be , said Henry Diaz , an El Niño expert at the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Agency .
He said the paper offers strong evidence that climate change was not a factor in the El Niño dry season that coincided with the golden toad ’s extinction .
“ Climate change is best visualized as large - scale averages , ” he said .
“ Getting down to specific regions , Costa Rica , or the Monteverde cloud forest , it ’s hard to ascribe extinctions to climate change . ”
That does not mean humans are off the hook , said Evans .
“ Extinctions happen for reasons that are independent of human - caused climate change , but that does not mean human - caused climate change can’t cause extinctions , ” he said .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent , BBC News
The aero solution is a major milestone in Bloodhound 's design
Engineers designing the world 's fastest car believe they now have a solution to keep the vehicle flat on the ground .
Bloodhound SSC is being built to smash the world land speed record by topping 1,000 mph ( 1,610 km / h ) .
Initial iterations of the car 's aerodynamic shape produced dangerous amounts of lift at the vehicle 's rear .
But the latest modelling work indicates the team has finally found a stable configuration , allowing the project to push ahead with other design areas .
" At Mach 1.3 , we 've close to zero lift which is where we wanted to be , " said John Piper , Bloodhound 's technical director .
" Up until this point , we 've had some big issues .
We 've had lift as high as 12 tonnes , and when you consider the car is six - and - a - half tonnes at its heaviest - that amount of lift is enough to make the car fly , " he told BBC News .
" We 're very close now to fixing the exterior aero surface , which really opens the floodgates to the rest of the design work to really get going . "
Computing power
By playing with the position and shape of key elements of the car 's rear end , the design team has now found the best way to manage the shockwave passing around and under the vehicle as it goes supersonic .
The solution is a major milestone in Bloodhound 's design .
The effort has been assisted greatly by project sponsor Intel .
It brought immense computing power to bear on the lift problem .
Before Intel 's intervention , the design team had worked through 11 different " architectures " in 18 months .
The latest modelling work run on Intel 's network investigated 55 configurations in just eight weeks .
To claim the world land speed record , Bloodhound will have to better the mark of 763 mph ( 1,228 km / h ) set by the Thrust SuperSonic Car in 1997 .
It will be powered by a combination of a hybrid rocket and a jet engine from a Eurofighter - Typhoon .
Three who worked on Thrust are also engaged in the Bloodhound project , including driver Wing Cmdr Andy Green , project director Richard Noble and chief aerodynamicist Ron Ayers .
They plan to mount their assault on the record in late 2011 , driving across a dried up lakebed known as Hakskeen Pan , in the Northern Cape of South Africa .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Bloodhound 's aero shape is not completely fixed .
Further work is still required on the jet intake ducts , the winglets that control lift , the air brakes ( deployable structures that slow the car ) , and the large rear fin .
The team also needs to model the air flow into the car .
But settling on the principal exterior surface means the team can now push forward on the main chassis structure and interior packaging of all the components that go into the vehicle .
John Piper intends to produce a master model of the car in late August , early September .
This will be followed by about five to six months of detailed drawing to direct the manufacture of components .
The aim is to have the car built and ready to begin testing in the second half of 2011 .
Work is progressing on the wheels which will have to endure tremendous forces as Bloodhound races across the pan .
The 900 mm - diameter , 120 mm - thick aluminium discs will rotate at 10,300 rpm .
The radial acceleration will be equivalent to about 50,000 g at the rims .
Under those conditions , the alloy actually begins to stretch .
Lockheed Martin is working on the design .
It will shortly run an experiment in which earth from Hakskeen Pan is fired out of an air gun at a sample of aluminium that has been pre-stretched to simulate the loads that will be experienced by the real wheels .
" A piece of dirt at Mach 1.4 is faster than a bullet so we 've got to make sure we 're not overstretching the material , " said John Piper .
Jonathan .
Amos- INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Many times the accelerated rhythm and the whirlpool of the society in which we live forces us to run from one place to another , to be subjected to a lot of pressure and stress , to deal with countless problems , among many other situations that , without realizing it , are causing our body to be exposed to too many tensions that in time lead to a painful and annoying muscular contracture .
The good news is that there are now a number of treatments that make dealing with contractures much less painful , such as muscle relaxants , the application of local heat and relaxing and decontracting massages ( masajes eroticos madrid ) .
It is on these last ones that we will focus on this article .
SpaceShipTwo ( SS2 ) and its mothership , VMS Eve ( WhiteKnightTwo ) herald a new era in commercial space flight with daily space tourism flights set to commence from Spaceport America in New Mexico after test program and all required US government licens
Virgin Founder , Sir Richard Branson and SpaceshipOne ( SS1 ) designer , Burt Rutan , today reveal SS2 to the public for the first time since construction of the world ’s first manned commercial spaceship began in 2007 .
SS2 has been designed to take many thousands of private astronauts into space after test programming and all required U.S. government licensing has been completed .
The unveiling represents another major milestone in Virgin Galactic ’s quest to develop the World ’s first commercial space line providing private sector access to space using an environmentally benign launch system for people , payload and science .
The spaceship draws on the experience developed during the successful flights of SS1 in 2004 , which won the Ansari X - Prize for completing the world ’s first manned private space flights .
The SS2 design will be refined and completed during an extensive test flying program to commence shortly , and it will be an entirely new vehicle capable of carrying up to 6 passenger astronauts and up to 2 pilot astronauts into space on a sub-orbital flight .
The unveil itself will take place at Mojave Air and Spaceport as darkness falls on the famous aviation and spaceflight location .
Subject to certain U.S. regulatory requirements that will guide the unveiling , SS2 will be attached to her WK2 mothership which was last year unveiled and named EVE after Sir Richard Branson ’s mother .
In the future , WK2 will carry SS2 to above 50,000 feet ( 16 kilometres ) before the spaceship is dropped and fires her rocket motor to launch into space from that altitude .
In honour of a long tradition of using the word Enterprise in the naming of Royal Navy , US Navy , NASA vehicles and even science fiction spacecraft , Governor Schwarzenegger of California and Governor Richardson of New Mexico will today christen SS2 with the name Virgin Space Ship ( VSS ) ENTERPRISE .
This represents not only an acknowledgement to that name ’s honorable past but also looks to the future of the role of private enterprise in the development of the exploration , industrialisation and human habitation of space .
The emergence of new commercial space companies like Virgin Galactic will be an engine for employment , growth and the creation of a new technology and science base in the United States .
Recent research has indicated that 12,500 jobs have already been created by the new space companies ; the Virgin Galactic project alone is creating significant opportunities for employment in both the company itself and with suppliers in both California and New Mexico .
Approximately 600 people are now working on activities relating to the project and it is estimated that this figure will rise to over 1,100 jobs during the peak of the construction phase at the space port and through the introduction of the commercial space vehicles into regular astronaut service .
Both WK2 and SS2 represent state of the art environmentally sensitive industrial development in their use of carbon composite materials technology , which has now been identified as a key future contributor to the increasingly urgent requirement by the commercial aviation sector for dramatically more fuel efficient aircraft .
WK2 is powered by four Pratt and Whitney PW308A engines , which are amongst the most powerful .
economic and efficient commercial jet engines available making it a mould breaker in carbon efficiency .
SS2 will be powered by a unique hybrid rocket motor , which is currently under development .
The twin fuselage and central payload area configuration allow for easy access to WK2 and to the spaceship for passengers and crew ; the design also aids operational efficiencies and turnaround times .
The mothership has now also completed a year of rigorous and successful first phase flight testing prior to today ’s attachment of SS2 .
Commenting on the unveiling , Sir Richard Branson , Founder of Virgin Galactic said : “ This is truly a momentous day .
The team has created not only a world first but also a work of art .
The unveil of SS2 takes the Virgin Galactic vision to the next level and continues to provide tangible evidence that this ambitious project is not only moving rapidly , but also making tremendous progress towards our goal of safe commercial operation ” .
Burt Rutan , Founder of Scaled Composites added : “ All of us at Scaled are tremendously excited by the capabilities of both the mothership and SS2 .
Today is the culmination of a dream that began many decades ago , was stimulated by Paul Allen ’s funding of our X - Prize winning SS1 and then moved forward to commercial reality by Sir Richard and Virgin ’s visionary investment in a new future for space transportation ” .
SpaceShipTwo will be unveiled after darkness has fallen over the Mojave Desert to the sound of a space - themed anthem from Britain ’s biggest DJs , Above & Beyond .
Fittingly titled “ Buzz ” the track will sample Buzz Aldrin ’s original moon landing dialogue .
Following the naming by Governors Richardson and Schwarzenegger , the DJs will also perform an exclusive set at the celebration cocktail party which will follow and feature the first ever IceBar in the desert hosted by Absolut and the world famous Swedish IceHotel .
All the guests will be protected from the desert cold by designer space jackets supplied by PUMA .
Finally , to close off the celebrations , all the guests will have the opportunity to view the stunning night skies using specialist telescopes supplied by Ron Dantowitz of the Clay Observatory whose unique tracking cameras followed SS1 into space during the epic flights of 2004 .
Provided by Virgin Galactic
Explore further Sir Richard Branson All Fired Up With Latest Rocket Motor Test
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg may play a vital role if there is a hung Parliament Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg says he will pose four " tests " to Labour and the Conservatives if they try to seek his support in a hung Parliament .
He said he would demand they commit to reform of the tax system , more spending on education for poorer children and a switch to a greener economy .
The fourth requirement would be voting reform in Westminster , he added .
He did not say whether he would rather work with Labour or the Tories , but no pre-election " deals " would be done .
£ 10 bn deficit repayment Mr Clegg spoke ahead of the Lib Dem spring conference in Birmingham this weekend where he is expected to set out his spending plans .
The BBC understands that under a Lib Dem government , there would be no overall spending cuts in 2010 / 11 , but £ 3.3 bn of savings would be made and reinvested in areas such as job creation and bringing derelict homes back into use .
Formal spending cuts would begin in 2011 / 12 if the Lib Dems think economic recovery allows it , and by the following year would amount to £ 15 bn saved - £ 5 bn of this would go back into the public purse , while the remaining £ 10bn would go towards cutting the UK 's budget deficit .
We are here to secure a big mandate for the big changes we want in Britain
Nick Clegg
Lib Dem leader
The Lib Dems have regularly accused the other parties of not setting out the full scale of spending cuts that will be required , but has tended to argue that the economic recovery could be endangered by reducing public spending too quickly .
Both Labour and the Conservatives are likely to rely on a mixture of cuts and taxation to reduce the nation 's debt burden .
In an interview with the Independent newspaper on Thursday , Mr Clegg said that in the event of a hung Parliament he would talk to both parties about their stance on his " four steps to fairness " .
' Big mandate '
Top of the list is a pledge to raise the threshold for paying income tax to £ 10,000 a year from 2011 / 12 , funded by changing the taxes paid by the better off .
His four tests also include a commitment to a Pupil Premium , which would go to schools for each pupil entitled to a free school meal and be worth about £ 2,500 extra per child .
Lib Dem Treasury spokesman Vince Cable has previously said pledges like these would be paid for by scrapping a series of government policies , including child trust funds , identity cards , a massive NHS computer system and the renewal of the Trident nuclear missile system .
A freeze on the public sector pay bill , scrapping bonuses for civil servants and a review of public sector pensions are also on the Lib Dem agenda .
Mr Clegg told the Independent : " We are here to secure a big mandate for the big changes we want in Britain .
" Once we know the lie of the land after the election , we have to work out the best way to do that . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Late last year , a draft of the European Union proposal for the intellectual property chapter of the Canada – EU Comprehensive Economic Trade Agreement leaked online .
The leak revealed that the EU was seeking some significant changes to Canadian IP laws .
Negotiations have continued and I have now received an updated copy of the draft chapter , complete with proposals from both the EU and Canada .
The breadth of the demands are stunning – the EU is demanding nothing less than a complete overhaul of Canadian IP laws including copyright , trademark , databases , patent , geographic indications , and even plant variety rights .
While there are some Canadian requests – for example , Canada plays Hollywood North by asking the EU to introduce an anti-camcording provision – virtually all the changes would require Canadian reforms .
In fact , while the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement garners the bulk of the attention , CETA would actually involve far more domestic change .
In some sections , the EU simply takes its own directives and incorporates them into the treaty .
For example , provisions on the liability of ISPs is taken directly from EU law , including the use of terms such as " information society service " – something that is defined under EU law but is meaningless in Canada .
Notably , the draft includes many new rights for broadcasters .
These rights form part of a proposed Broadcast Treaty at WIPO that has failed to achieve consensus .
The EU is seeking to build support for the treaty by requiring Canada to implement many new provisions that would give broadcasters a host of new rights and force public places to pay additional fees for carry broadcasts .
Given the magnitude of the proposed changes , the price of a trade agreement is clear .
The EU is effectively demanding that Canada surrender its sovereignty over intellectual property law and policy .
Some of the proposed changes in the Intellectual Property chapter ( Chapter 20 ) of CETA include :
Copyright
The EU demands include :
compliance with WIPO Internet treaties
extension of the term of copyright to life of the author plus 70 years ( Canadian law currently at life plus 50 years )
additional copyright term extensions for audiovisual works , anonymous works , and unpublished works
term of copyright for broadcasts for at least 50 years ( Canada wants to limit to wireless broadcasts , while EU wants it to cover everything )
greater transparency for copyright collectives
new resale right for works of art
new exclusive right of fixation for broadcasts ( Canada wants to limit to wireless broadcasts , while EU wants it to cover everything )
new exclusive right for broadcasters for retransmission in public places ( ie. new fees for bars and other public places )
new distribution right
extension of the reproduction right to performers and broadcasters
extension of the communications right for performers , phonogram producers , film producers , and broadcasters .
anti-circumvention rules including provisions against devices that can be used to circumvent digital locks
protection for rights management information
These are all EU demands .
The only Canadian request is a yet to be specified provision on camcording .
Enforcement of IP Rights
The enforcement IP rights section contains literally pages of European law that the EU wants incorporated into Canada .
It addresses everything from ISP liability to injunctions to border measures to damages provisions .
The EU even wants new criminal sanctions added , but has yet to specify what those should be .
There are no Canadian requests here .
Rather , the EU wants Canada to discard its approach to the enforcement of intellectual property almost completely and simply adopt the EU model .
Trademarks
The EU demands include :
Canada to comply with the Trademark Law Treaty ( Canada wants only to comply with the Singapore Treaty on the Law of Trademarks and to make reasonable efforts to accede to Madrid Agreement on international registration )
Canada to change its procedure for registration of trademarks
Canada to provide protections for well - known trademarks
Geographic Indications
Canada and the EU propose competing approaches for extending protections for geographic indications .
This applies to a wide range of products including agricultural products , wine , spirit drinks , and foodstuffs .
The EU 's plan is far more extensive with provisions on protection , enforcement , rights of use , and scope of protection .
In fact , the EU even wants to create a Joint Committee on geographic indications charged with monitoring the rules between Canada and the EU .
Designs
The EU demands include :
Canada to accede to the Hague Agreement Concerning the International Registration of Industrial Designs
new protection for designs
new rights for registration of designs
term of protection for designs of at least five years
Patents
The EU demands include :
Canada to comply with Articles 1 – 16 of the Patent Law Treaty ( Canada wants to " endeavour to accede " to the treaty )
further protection for medicinal or plant protection
additional protection blocking disclosure of pharmaceutical data that is submitted to regulatory authorities to third parties
new data protection for plant protection
Trade Secrets
Canada demands that the EU adopt the Canadian protection for trade secrets .
STORING THE SAVINGS
Would n’t taxes eat into the returns from the money you ’d save instead of making extra mortgage payments ?
Not if you place it into an account shielded from taxes .
A Roth individual retirement account would fit the bill here , as would a 529 college savings account or health savings account .
Bruce Primeau , whose note to his financial planning clients at Wide Financial Group in Minneapolis on this topic inspired me to re-examine it , adds that this is n’t simply about keeping more assets under his watch so he can earn a better living .
“ I ’m not telling them that the money has to come to me , ” he said .
“ A 401 ( k ) match beats the return on paying a mortgage off automatically .
There ’s real estate and buying employer stock through a purchase plan at a 15 percent discount and all kinds of things . ”
Then you need to preserve those savings .
When extra money goes toward a mortgage , it ’s hard to get at it when the urge strikes to flee to an Asian beach for a few weeks of playtime .
If the money is not locked up in retirement or college savings , however , you may be tempted to spend it .
THE LIQUIDITY PROBLEM Capital - gains taxes might eventually come due with some of these investments , and the rate could well rise above the current 15 percent long - term rate before too long .
Still , having some of your savings in a taxable account makes sense for several reasons .
If you hit a stretch of long - term unemployment after having plowed most of your extra cash into paying down your mortgage , your bank probably wo n’t pat you on the back for being a good saver and give the money back to you .
Nor is it likely to let you borrow it through a home equity loan if you have no income with which to repay it .
Elaine Scoggins , who had the mortgage department chief reporting to her at a bank before she became a financial planner , suggests imagining a situation where you need to move quickly but ca n’t sell your home or extract equity to use as a down payment in your new town .
Given that possibility , why create more home equity through extra mortgage payments than you have to ?
“ The whole housing debacle has reminded us all , including me , that real estate is not liquid , ” said Ms. Scoggins , who is the client experience director for Merriman , a planning firm in Seattle .
“ And it takes cash to support it . ”
Vitamin D is vital in activating human defences and low levels suffered by around half the world 's population may mean their immune systems ' killer T cells are poor at fighting infection , scientists said .
The findings by Danish researchers could help the fight against infectious diseases and global epidemics , they said , and could be particularly useful in the search for new vaccines .
The researchers found that immune systems ' killer cells , known as T cells , rely on vitamin D to become active and remain dormant and unaware of the possibility of threat from an infection or pathogen if vitamin D is lacking in the blood .
" When a T cell is exposed to a foreign pathogen , it extends a signalling device or ' antenna ' known as a vitamin D receptor , with which it searches for vitamin D , " said Carsten Geisler of Copenhagen University 's department of international health , immunology and microbiology , who led the study .
" This means the T cell must have vitamin D or activation of the cell will cease .
If the T cells cannot find enough vitamin D in the blood , they wo n't even begin to mobilise . "
Scientists have known for a long time that vitamin D is important for calcium absorption , and that there is a link between levels of the vitamin and diseases such as cancer and multiple sclerosis .
" What we did n't realise is how crucial vitamin D is for actually activating the immune system - which we know now , " Geisler wrote in the study in the journal Nature Immunology .
Most Vitamin
D is made by the body as a natural by - product of the skin 's exposure to sunlight .
It can also be found in fish liver oil , eggs and fatty fish such as salmon , herring and mackerel , or taken as a supplement .
Almost half of the world 's population has lower than optimal levels of vitamin D and scientists say the problem is getting worse as people spend more time indoors .
Geisler and his research team said the findings offered much needed information about the immune system and would be of particular use when developing new vaccines .
" This is important not only in fighting disease but also in dealing with anti-immune reactions of the body and the rejection of transplanted organs , " they wrote .
Active T cells multiply at an explosive rate and as well as fighting infection , can also mistakenly attack the body itself .
After and an organ transplant , for example , T cells can attack the new organ as a " foreign invader " , and in autoimmune disease , hypersensitive T cells mistake parts of the body 's own cells as threats , prompting the body to attack itself .
Geisler said there were no definitive studies on the optimal daily vitamin D dose but experts recommend 25 to 50 micrograms .
A man who sought to halt his trial because CCTV footage of his alleged crime is no longer available has lost his application after a High Court judge ruled that evidence from a Garda who was monitoring the CCTV cameras at the time is admissible .
Mr Justice John Hedigan said a garda viewing an incident on CCTV is akin to someone looking through binoculars or through “ a special window . ”
He was dismissing proceedings by John Stirling , Moorefield Drive , Clondalkin , Dublin , who is charged with criminal damage and public order offences arising out of an alleged incident at Aston Quay , Dublin , in the early hours of March 3rd , 2009 .
It is claimed a garda monitoring the Pearse Street station CCTV saw a group of young people allegedly kicking a telephone box and various windows and communicated what he saw to officers on the ground who subsequently arrested Mr Stirling in the Temple Bar area .
After a District Court judge refused an application to dismiss the charges against Mr Stirling on grounds the CCTV footage was no longer available , Mr Stirling brought his High Court judicial review proceedings .
In his judgment , Mr Justice Hedigan said it was unfortunate the CCTV footage was no longer available .
The loss of the footage should not have occurred and was “ indicative of a certain inefficiency on the part of gardaí ” over the proper storage of this type of evidence .
he said .
It was imperative procedures be “ tightened up ” .
However , the missing footage was not fatal to this case which could not be regarded as a usual “ missing evidence ” matter , he said .
By means of elaborate technology now deployed in Dublin , it was possible for gardaí to see “ far beyond the field of vision to which they would normally be limited ” as if they were looking through “ a special window or through binoculars . ”
The garda monitoring the cameras could give evidence in the trial and could be questioned about the accuracy of his recall , acuity of his view , quality of the picture and his opportunity to observe , the judge said .
A trial judge could ask to see an example of similar footage and would have to ensure the trial was conducted in a constitutional manner , he added .
For Immediate Release
( Washington , DC , February 26 , 2010 ) The American Humanist Association ( AHA ) , as a member of the Secular Coalition for America , participated in a meeting with the Obama Administration on Friday , February 26 , to discuss issues of concern to the nontheist movement .
The Secular Coalition for America ’s Briefing with the Obama Administration marked the first time in history a presidential administration has held a national policy briefing with the nontheist community , signaling an unprecedented enthusiasm and willingness on the part of the Executive Branch to include nontheists in public discourse .
“ We are very pleased to have had this opportunity to talk with the White House about issues that are important to the nontheist community , ” said Roy Speckhardt , executive director of the American Humanist Association .
“ Too often , nontheists have been disregarded by politicians and the public only because we do n’t happen to believe in a god .
But by President Obama giving us a seat at the table , he has sent a powerful message that we hope others will also embrace :
What unites us is that we are all Americans –not that we all share a belief in the same god or any god .
There is no faith prerequisite in wanting what ’s best for our country . ”
In addition to Speckhardt , the American Humanist Association representatives meeting with White House officials included David Niose , president of the AHA , community leaders Jennifer and Philip Kalmanson , business leader Steve Rade , and AHA staff members Karen Frantz and Maggie Ardiente .
The issues discussed included ways to improve the Faith - Based Initiative , ending military proselytizing , and protecting children from neglect and abuse that can occur due to a lack of government oversight over faith - healing treatment providers .
“ We are optimistic that this is just the first of many such meetings with the Obama administration , ” said Speckhardt .
The American Humanist Association ( www.americanhumanist.org) advocates for the rights and viewpoints of humanists .
Founded in 1941 and headquartered in Washington , D.C. , its work is extended through more than 100 local chapters and affiliates across America .
Humanism is the idea that you can be good without a belief in God .
###
Yesterday we asked readers about their run-ins with Steve Jobs , and they delivered .
The Apple CEO is quietly ubiquitous , seen from Palo Alto to SoHo , from Whole Foods to Gotham catwalks , a shaggy - dressing crazy driver who 's kind to strangers .
We asked how Jobs behaves in the wild for two reasons :
One , we thought his outdoor café meeting with the powerful CEO of Google was probably staged for publicity , and wondered how common it was for him to be so conspicuously out in public .
Two , we were curious if the most famous CEO in the world is able to connect with ordinary people — i.e. , his ideal customers — while under constant threat of becoming a public spectacle .
It would seem , based on the emails and comments we 've received , that Jobs is able to mingle freely in public , albeit with an eye on the exits in case things get awkward or dangerous .
Like our colleague Brian Lam over at Gizmodo , we 're coming around to the idea that the Jobs - Schmidt coffee might not have been staged .
Jobs and Schmidt are regulars at the café where they were spotted , according to a source Lam quoted last night .
Our readers , meanwhile , tell us Jobs is regularly out and about in Silicon Valley and New York .
He 's not afraid to cut in line , dine alone , or speed around corners in the Apple parking lot .
He does his own dishes .
And sometimes security guards make him show his ID , just like anyone else .
We 're keeping the identities of our tipsters confidential ; if you see your email below and want to claim credit , just shoot us an email .
And now , for our catalog of Encounters of the Turtleneck Kind :
Insane driver , part 1 :
I used to work for apple for about 5 years Quite often I would have to go to Cupertino for work stuff .
One time I was pulling out of the IL 1 parking lot ( 1 infinite loop ) and this silver mercedes near swiped me as he pulled in .
I slammed on my breaks and was like who the f*#k was that ?
The car next to me stops , rolls down his window , and says " Oops my bad , you okay ? " ( it was Steve Jobs ) I sat there with my mouth open as he rolled his window back up and pulled in the handicap spot .
The guy next to me goes " damn i wish he would 've clocked us , imagine the settlement ! " dude drives like a maniac
Insane driver , part 2 :
From BootHillBossanova's comment :
I was working as a bagger at the Palo Alto Whole Foods in the summer of ' 97 [ he probably means ' 98 , when the iMac debuted in August ] .
I was shagging carts one afternoon when I saw this silver Mercedes parked in a handicapped spot .
Steve Jobs was inside screaming at his car phone .
This was right before the first iMac was unveiled and I 'm pretty sure I could make out , " Not. Fucking .
Blue . Enough !!! "
Update :
The commenter clarifies that while Jobs was yelling , he was joking / speculating about what Jobs actualy said .
Thus the " Not Fucking Blue Enough " quote above should be discounted .
Insane driver , part 3 :
From steve .
krupf's comment :
A couple years ago , I had a networking - type breakfast with a friend of a friend who worked for Apple , in the main cafeteria on the company 's campus in Cupertino .
After I 'd finished my tasty chorizo omelet ( Apple has an amazing omelet bar ) , my guy on the inside walked me back to my car .
We started saying our goodbyes , and I was n't really paying attention to where I was standing .
Suddenly a silver Mercedes roadster - type car with no license plates came screaming around a bend and swerved ever so slightly to avoid me .
And my Apple guy said : " Do you know who that was who almost ran you over ? "
It was an honor to have impeded your trip to your parking spot , Mr. Jobs .
Steve 's turn to do dishes
this is interesting timing for your article because this happened the other week .
I live in Palo Alto and am a grad student at Stanford .
We were in Jobs ' neighborhood two weekends ago having dinner with some friends of my parents , and we decided to take a walk in order to look at Steve Jobs ' and Steve Young 's houses , which are right next to each other .
We headed over , and all of a sudden were alongside Jobs house .
It 's a really unusual and interesting house , but very understated and relatively small .
You can just freely walk on the sidewalk right next to it .
Well , we were walking along , and I heard dishes clattering , coming from his house , and I look over and there he was in his kitchen window , black turtleneck and all , washing dishes .
He just looked up at us , maybe 15 feet away .
Nothing in between us but a window , no tall fence ( a short , decorative , waist - high one ) .
And we just walked on and proceeded to admire the apple orchard he has in his front yard , and even walked up his driveway a little to see his tulip garden ( we were with a kindly old lady , so we did n't look too menacing ) .
His neighbor , who we were walking with , told us that his security lives in the house next door , and he is under constant surveillance , but I still could n't help but be shocked at how simple and unassuming his house was , and the fact that we saw him washing his dishes .
If he does n't need security gates , I do n't know who does .
My guess is that his coffee date with Eric Schmidt was very heavily guarded , its just you do n't see his security .
As for whether it was staged or not , I do n't know .
People seem to see him around Palo Alto a lot , so it seems like he is just living his normal life here , and that probably includes having coffee with other high - powered tech folks .
The Sloppy CEO : A brush with a potential tantrum
I was sent to the Apple campus to do a demo for the Final Cut group in ' the Piano Bar ' .
We had a Genelec surround system sent directly to our contact at Apple and I loaded this on a huge cart along with other hardware and my Warr Guitar strapped to my back .
We ' booked ' the room so we were sure it would be abandoned , including the allocated setup time .
So , I come crashing into this room with the cart * KERBLAM * and I see a group of five people talking quietly at a table in the back .
I begin to unload and set up .
Our Apple contact says , " We should , uh , get out of here . "
I shrug and follow him out .
He and my co-worker leave to go do something and I 'm sitting outside the piano bar making sure nobody walks off with my gear .
Moments later four , ashen Apple employees scurry out of the room and head out the door followed by a scruffy unshaven fellow .
He stops , surveys the area , and , like a missile locking on to a strong heat signature , zeros in and walks towards me , the person who burst in on the private meeting .
It is funny how the brain works .
As this person approached me , I had time to string the following thoughts together : " This guy is coming to talk to me .
Heh .
He kind of looks like Steve Jobs , but Steve would n't wear torn jeans and have a three day beard and what are the chances that within 15 minutes I 'd bump into ... OMFG ... "
He holds out his hand and says , " Hi , I 'm Steve . "
I owned a 128 K Mac in 1984 .
Before that , a Lisa .
What I do today was shaped largely by Apple , and what this person did .
Heck , I started writing music by dragging notes onto a screen with a program called MusicWorks - it is n't hyperbole to say my very interest in music started with the Macintosh .
Being a fairly eloquent person , I summon up the response : " Hey . " Smooth .
I do n't remember if I shook his hand or not .
Stopping to chat up a fellow cancer patient
I do n't personally have a Steve Jobs sighting , but my friend did , probably about four years ago .
She lives in downtown Palo Alto a few blocks away from University Avenue , same neighborhood as him .
She was recovering from chemo ( she has cancer ) and was taking a walk with her husband near the house when they ran into a man who noticed her headscarf and asked her how her treatment was going .
They discussed their respective cancer treatments for a while ; after he'd moved on , her husband told her who she 'd been talking to .
Also , it 's not surprising that he got lost going to the movies .
I grew up on the Peninsula , and it happens to me every time I try to go to those big AMC theaters in Mountain View or Cupertino .
Imagine a huge parking lot with no obvious landmarks and all the buildings looking indistinguishable from each other .
It 's not like trying to find the AMC in Union Square !!!
Steve Jobs waits in line for food like a normal person
I never realized that he had a problem being in public .
I was getting a smoothie at Whole Foods a few years ago in downtown Palo Alto one day and guess who was in line in front of me !
After I ordered I went to sit down at the tables and there he was again , eating like a normal person .
No bodyguards and no disguises .
I mean , he lives in Palo Alto so why would it be weird to see him at a cafe there ?
First and
last time I 've ever seen him ( I live in San Jose now ) .
Steve Jobs does not wait in line for food like some peon
From nataliekei's comment :
Not sure if this qualifies , but as a former Apple employee , Jobs was knows to park in the first spot closest to the door - even though it was a handicapp spot !
HR finally had to tell him that is n't OK even for him .
Eventually they chalked a spot marked " Jobs " for him .
Also , in the company cafeteria , there could be a HUGE line , however he would rush in and get his food by just cutting in line .
Its good to be the king !
Do You Know Who I Am ?
Not 100 % sure if this is what you were looking for , but in 1998 , the first year Macworld moved from the two convention centers in Boston to the Javits Center in New York City , I was walking around the lobby
area trying to make my way back onto the convention floor .
I was 13 at the time , playing with my 4 year old Newton 120 which my dad had given to me .
Now back in 1998 Steve Job was n't supposed to show up for the Keynote , he was going to do it via satellite [ this is true ] , but much to my amazement however I see 10 feet in front of me , Steve Jobs .
I 'm standing there watching the CEO of Apple and his 4 - 5 deep entourage yelling at the security guard .
As I moved closer I heard one of the entourage say " This is Steve Jobs , he is the CEO of Apple Computer " to which the guard replied " He is not the CEO of the Javits Center , he needed a badge to enter . "
So it seems in his last minute choice to go to Macworld , no one got Mr. Jobs an badge .
Whoops .
Steve Jobs does not shake hands with stangers
I 've just read this http://valleywag.gawker.com/5505515/how-steve-jobs-behaves-in-public and I can personally assure Jobs do n't like to shake hands to unknown people , here is a video taken at the end of a Macworld Expo keynote : http://www.setteb.it/?p=774 follow the second link to watch .
The article is in Italian , Google Translator is embedded .
Toward the end of this short clip , Jobs does indeed appear to avoid shaking hands several times .
But we thought we heard him tell someone " I 'm sick , " with the sound turned all the way up .
Steve Jobs does shake hands with strangers , and remembers names as well as a politician
From raincoaster 's comment :
He met a friend of mine at some huge geek event , and two years later bumped into him at a different event , walked right up , stretched out his hand for a shake and said , " It 's Dave , right ?
From SFU ? "
Do n't make Steve Jobs shake your hand , he is sick , you insensitive clod :
From DoctorJezebel 's comment :
Readers of gawker blogs : the dude had a fucking liver transplant .
He is chronically immunosuppressed for life to prevent his body from rejecting the new liver .
This is basically the functional equivalent of having full - blown AIDS and being susceptible to all sorts of weird , normally benign conditions .
No wonder he does n't want to shake your hand .
This is a very good point ; read the rest of the thread for more good comments along these lines .
He 's good with kids and apparent crazy people
From itmustbeken 's comment :
Many years ago , my family were hanging out at a park near downtown Palo Alto .
My kids were running around like they were insane and soon we were joined by several others .
As I am want to do , I turned into a monster and chased the kids bellowing at the top of my lungs and generally acting like the worlds largest 7 year old .
One little girl went up to her dad and said ' This is the best park ever !
He 's so funny ! '
Her dad was Steve Jobs .
He was warm , friendly and thanked me for running his kids ragged at the park .
His wife was nice too .
My brush with awesomeness .
He 's good with kids , when his mind does n't wander :
My first Steve Jobs sighting took place at Stanford Shopping Center , in Palo Alto , California , in the fall of 2002 .
It was on a Saturday , in the heart of the Christmas shopping season .
I was sitting with two of my teenaged cousins at one of the outdoor cafes , La Baguette , when Steve walked by with one of his children .
I noticed him right away because he was wearing his black turtleneck and blue jeans , as well as his wire - rimmed eyeglasses [ ...]
Another thing I observed :
As he strode along with his child , he seemed very focused — as if on a mission to get someplace by a certain time .
And though he was holding his child 's hand — which I thought was cute , on his part — he also appeared not to notice his child was walking next to him .
PS — Since then , I 've seen him a number of times during visits to Apple HQ — particularly inside IL 1 and at Caffe Mac — usually alone , though once with Jonny Ive .
He takes care of his vehicle
Hello , I live in Mountain View , CA right next door to his home town of Palo Alto , and occasionally drive by his house on Waverly .
One time my wife and I drove by and saw him outside either washing or waxing his SL 55 — ca n't remember , this was a few years ago , I think even before the iPhone .
He looked in our direction as we drove by , and nodded as he probably noticed that both of us were staring , but that was about it .
Cool on the catwalk
From Motoko Kusanagi's comment :
When the Apple store in SoHo NYC opened , Steve was hanging out chatting with anyone who recognized him ( surprisingly few people in NYC cared about him back then ) .
I caught him hanging out on the little bridge connecting the two sides of the upper floor .
He was just soaking up the launch of his newest baby , taking a moment to enjoy what was undoubtedly a whole lot of hard work .
For such a private and allegedly aloof person , he is cool as can be .
Couple of more details from the Apple store sighting we ran last time
I used to work at one of the Apple Stores here in [ New York ] city .
He was scheduled to come in , we did n't know exactly when .
He got out of a town car out front , walked in , and right up to me - shaking my hand and saying , " Hi , I 'm Steve Jobs !
Is XXXXX ( name of the store manager ) here ? "
When I said he was and called him , [ Jobs ] said he was going to run to the bathroom first - and went to the customer 's bathroom ( which anyone can use - and is n't exactly the cleanest ) .
He came out , walked right back up to me , and started talking about the store .
After about 5 min customers around us starting walking up asking to take pictures , and asking questions , when he promptly asked to be excused and left - back to the car and away .
We had all heard stories about his desire to not shake hands ( he offered first ) , his desire to not be in public ( he spent his entire time in full view in open areas of the store ) and his general shitty attitude ( he was super nice and cordial ) .
Just something I thought of when reading your article .
All that being said , the company is security crazy .
[ After a follow up question : ]
The dude took a pilgrimage to India and shit in a hole - he had nothing at all to say about the bathroom .
He talked about random stuff in the store , asked how we we doing , etc .
He noticed a stain on a fixture and said it should be the first priority to get that fixed .
Honestly , I think he is a seriously focused and dedicated guy who is a normal nerd at heart - except he 's been made into a hero by a group of people .
Im not saying that the treatment he gets is n't his fault , but he struck me in person as a completely different person than what he 's portrayed as .
Got a story that can top these ?
We 'll take it !
( Top pic : Jobs at an Apple store , by JD Lewin )
Our office seed starting project has been a glowing success so far .
Just three days after we planted our seeds , a few tomato sprouts had already broken ground !
A few days after that , the peppers did the same .
And both have been growing like crazy ever since — especially the tomatoes .
Our excitement has been accompanied by a lot of learning , and I ’d like to share some seed starting tips based on our experience .
( Check out our What to Plant Now tool to learn which seeds you can start indoors in your area right now — there 's still time ! )
Supplies
Seed starting trays .
You can pick up various sizes of seed starting trays at your local garden center .
These usually come with one tray with dividers and holes in the bottom , and one flat tray without holes to set the first tray into .
If you do n’t want to purchase a setup like this , you can use recycled materials .
For example , clean , empty yogurt cups with holes drilled in the bottom could be set inside a large baking pan to create a great tray kit .
Making your trays is a perfect opportunity to get creative .
Seed starting mix .
For best results , start seeds in an organic seed starting mix .
These mixes are very fine and will hold water well .
A small bag will cost about $ 5 at your local garden center .
Seeds .
Consider planting heirloom varieties ( see our article , Heirloom Vegetables : 6 Advantages Compared to Hybrids ) .
Also , only use seeds from previous seasons if they ’ve been stored properly in a cool , dry place .
Timer for your grow light .
A timer is n’t a necessity , but it sure is handy .
We plugged our grow light into an automatic timer , setting it to give the plants 18 hours of light per day .
- Advertisement -
Getting Started
Planting .
For tomatoes and peppers , we planted two seeds per compartment with the intent to thin them later .
We then covered the seeds with about a quarter inch of seed starting mix and gently patted down the soil .
TORONTO / GATINEAU — Canada ’s broadcast regulator moved to adopt a “ market - based ” U.S. - style model on Monday that could see the most popular shows blacked out from Canadian televisions if cable companies and the national television networks cannot agree on carriage contracts for TV signals .
The goal of the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission ( CRTC ) in permitting negotiations — a first for the industry — is to stabilize a private broadcast system facing sharp declines in advertising revenues as niche specialty channels and online content portals consume ad dollars once automatically allotted to conventional TV stations .
“ The commission has set out a market - based solution to allow private local television stations to negotiate with cable and satellite companies , ” the body said .
Accordingly , each television station will have the option of entering into negotiations to establish a “ fair value ” for the distribution of their programs .
“ We ’re encouraged that the commission recognizes the protection of program rights and the value of local television , ” said Charlotte Bell , senior vice - president of regulatory affairs at Canwest Global Communications Corp. , also the owner of the National Post .
Its television subsidiary sought creditor - protection in October as falling ad revenues could no longer offset its hefty debt load .
Still , the CRTC said it must first seek legal approval from the Federal Court of Appeals , something that could take months to resolve .
Some charged that the CRTC was not acting quick enough .
“ The threat to local television around the country is real and urgent .
We do n’t see anything that is going to help broadcasters for at least the next year , ” said Ian Morrison , president of Friends of Canadian Broadcasting , an industry group .
“ It ’s fiddling while Rome burns . ”
In an accompanying release , The CRTC defended the delay saying it received “ conflicting legal opinions ” as to whether it has the authority to implement the new regime and has therefore asked for clarification on its jurisdiction “ on an expedited basis . ”
If given legal approval , the groundwork is laid for a fee - for - carriage bargaining system between the two industry groups that could see tens of millions in profits from the cable companies paid to the broadcast networks .
The cable and satellite companies collective profits last year rose $ 200 - million to $ 2.3 - billon as the consortium of broadcasters recorded a combined loss of $ 116 - million . )
But the utilities said they are not interested in cutting a deal with the content suppliers .
“ We ’re going to be fighting it , we ’ll use court action , ” said Phil Lind , vice - chairman of Rogers Communications Inc. , “ It means there is a broadcasting tax imposed with the threat of blackouts imposed as well .
It ’s the worst news for the consumer . ”
“ This new framework imposes the TV tax that we were fearful the CRTC would impose all along , ” said Mirko Bibic , senior vice - president of government and regulatory affairs at BCE Inc. , which operates Bell TV , a satellite distribution service .
“ We do n’t think it ’s workable . ”
BCE , Rogers and other key television providers like Shaw Communications Inc. have doggedly fought paying any direct fee to broadcasters for years .
Like in the United States , negotiations would be for three - year carriage contracts on set dollar value per station per subscriber .
“ " I have hundreds ” of threatening e-mails .
I ’m not going to let it worry me ... but you know it ’s going to happen .
They shoot abortion doctors here . ”
" ... the emails reveal the enormous external pressure they were under .
They show they were constantly accused of being frauds and cheats ; their work was twisted and misrepresented ; and they were bombarded with vexatious freedom of information requests orchestrated by denialists .
In short , they were caught up in a hot political debate that they did not really understand or want to be part of , yet they were the target of savvy , secretive and ruthless organisations ready to pounce on anything they said or wrote .
This is the real story exposed of " Climategate " .
Instead , the scientists in question have seen their professional reputations trashed in the world 's media for no cause , to the point where Phil Jones has been on the verge of suicide .
It has been the most egregious and unfounded attack on the integrity of a profession we have ever seen . "
“ I ’m pretty damn angry that media companies are putting profits ahead of truth .
The media are deeply broken ... That ’s a real threat to democracy . "
" There are a number of public opinion polls which have shown the public 's concern over this issue has gone down .
The percentage of the public who are considered critical of this issue , or opposed to doing anything on climate change , on carbon dioxide , that percentage is going up . "
Those scientists accused of conspiring to manipulate science in the titillating media scandal known as Climategate say they have been receiving abusive emails .
Some scientists claim they have received death threats .
Climate change has always been a divisive subject , with strong believers in pro- and anti-climate change camps .
However , the theft and release of email correspondence exchanged between climate scientists over a 10 year period from East Anglia University 's Climate Research
Unit not only lent fuel to the anti-climate change side , Climategate also spawned an unprecedented level of public fury and backlash against climate scientists .
Climate scientist Stephen Schneider , based at California 's Stanford University had emails leaked from East Anglia last November .
He spoke to Tierramérica about the threats he had received since the emails were posted on the internet , saying he thought a scientist would ultimately be killed .
The fury of the anti-climate change faction has been encouraged by outspoken people such as United States Senator James Inhofe .
Inhofe who has long alleged the science behind climate change was faulty , has found a lot of fodder with Climategate .
Charging that climate scientists had " ... cooked the science . "
Inhofe released the names of the 17 climate change scientists he believes should face criminal prosecution for conspiring to commit climate change fraud .
This has alarmed scientists , who feel that criminal prosecution is a way to intimidate dissenters .
Climategate exists primarily because the story is a media feeding frenzy full of gold for media outlets .
The story , which appeals heavily to the anti-crowd , is the stuff of soap operas with its wild allegations and no-holds - barred attitude , denigrating climate scientists as fraudsters and criminals .
One leading media voice in the climate ruckus has been writer Jonathon Leake , former Environment Editor with the Sunday Times .
Leake 's writing is now called " Leakegate , " reflecting Leake 's propensity to write journalistic - style stories that manipulate , sensationalize and misrepresent scientific findings
The recent revelation that a climate change report issued by the United Nation 's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) contains several errors has only fueled the gossipy soap opera known as Climategate .
Journalistic standards have been thrown out the window with Climategate , because facts must not be allowed to interfere with the juicy gossip and innuendo .
Australian ethics expert Clive Hamilton said the targeted climate scientists have been under attack for a long time , a fact revealed by the hacked emails .
Hamilton wrote Hamilton insists the science that demonstrates global warming is " rock solid , " as does the IPCC .
Schneider criticized media and the role it has played in Climategate , telling TierraméricaScientist Michael Mann is concerned about how Climategate serves to erode the science of climate change .
There has been an negative impact , as writer and journalism teacher Bud Ward told Public Radio International
Anyone who defends climate science is at risk of being threatened .
When it comes to climate change , nothing is sacred -- youth groups are just as readily targeted as are politicians and scientists .
Environmentalism is seen by the anti-climage change faction as manipulating the public and swaying politicial and economic decision - making through fear - mongering .
It appears that this belief is used to justify the use of terrorism in the attempt to shut - down climate studies .
There is a benefit to denying climate change -- for some big businesses .
Simply put , it 's economic .
Without being forced to invest funds into technology in order to comply with restrictions on the production of greenhouse gas emissions , there is more money available for profit , although it should be noted that many big businesses embrace social responsbility , willingly implementing environmental protections .
Your Browser Is Out of Date :(
Some sections of this website wo n’t display properly in your browser .
For the best experience , please update to one of the newer options below .
Papers filed in a civil suit against Richard Izquierdo Arroyo , chairman of the South Bronx Charter School for the International Culture and the Arts , charge that the chairman failed to protect a student , James Pastrana , from Jared Alessandroni , a teacher who threatened to " out " him .
The NYDN : " The suit filed in Bronx Supreme Court earlier this week says teacher Jared Alessandroni repeatedly called Pastrana 's son , now 10 , ' gay ' and twisted his arm in March 2009 .
' There were a lot of sexually inappropriate comments directed toward my son , ' Pastrana said .
The suit also names Alessandroni , who has resigned but denies the charges , and Principal Evelyn Hey , who had no comment .
A spokesman for the charter 's operator , Victory Schools , said the suit is baseless . "
The NY Post has more : " A Bronx charter school is under fire from parents who say a teacher bullied kids — and even forced one child to tell his crush , a girl , that he was gay .
According to court papers filed this week , the teacher , Jared Alessandroni , 29 , threatened to ' out ' a straight 9 - year - old boy , James Pastrana , to his class at the South Bronx Charter School for International Cultures and the Arts , unless James told his crush he was gay .
' I was so humiliated , ' said Pastrana , who reluctantly scribbled the false confession in a note to the girl .
' It started to spread around the whole class and then everyone wanted to call me gay . ' "
Kate Beaton
Hey all !
My sister and I wrote this comic , we hope you like it .
Thanks everyone in Sackville who came to my artist talk yesterday !
I had a great time !
Hope you did too .
Also , did you guys see that it was hourly comic day ?
Did you join in ?
I did !
You can find my comics
And lastly !
I did a drawing for this auction , The WolfmanHey all !
My sister and I wrote this comic , we hope you like it .
Thanks everyone in Sackville who came to my artist talk yesterday !
I had a great time !
Hope you did too .
Also , did you guys see that it was hourly comic day ?
Did you join in ?
I did !
You can find my comics here , plus another day I did here !
Hourlies can be a lot of fun , for sure .
And lastly !
I did a drawing for this auction , The Sweetest Little Thing .
There are lots of great items to bid on !
You can find my work here .
It 's Oscar and Bosie , but not fatty old Oscar as young and dashing Oscar is much more fun .
Happy Valentines ( auction ) !
Store !
Sweden sentenced a Uighur man to 16 months in prison on Monday for spying on a community of Uighur refugees and passing information to China , a court document said .
The man , Babur Maihesuti , 62 , was convicted of handing information about the health , travels and political leanings of other Uighurs to a journalist and diplomat who was a Chinese intelligence officer , the document said .
Mr. Maihesuti had infiltrated a political body for Uighurs in exile , the World Uighur Congress .
Six Democrats have sided with banks , against the Landmark Student Lending Reform .
Who are they ?
Bill Nelson ( Fl. ) , Tom Carper ( Del. ) , Blanche Lincoln ( Ark. ) , Jim Webb ( Va. ) , Mark Warner ( Va. ) and Ben Nelson ( Neb . ) .
The student lending industry has launched an “ aggressive lobbying campaign ” of senators representing states where big lenders are based , scaremongering about job losses resulting from passing SAFRA .
Now , it appears that their lobbying is paying off .
We 're a long way away from when Thomas Jefferson started the University of Virginia with the notion that part of building a middle class ( necessary to a democracy , he said ) would require people with some education , and advocated a national program of free education up to and including university levels , the last state to fall from that ideal was when Governor Ronald Reagan ended free enrollment in the University of California system .
My question - how do these people sleep at night or look themselves in the mirror ?
Yes , Biden and Trump are scheduled to debate again .
But what will that look like ?
NEW YORK / WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A small Midwestern bank has negotiated with the U.S. Treasury for taxpayers to essentially buy the bank ’s shares at an above - market - value price , in an unusual transaction reflecting how the government ’s bank investments are entering a new phase .
A protester holds a sign reading " Give Us Our $ $ $$ Back " as US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ( L ) addresses a hearing of the Congressional Oversight Panel of the Troubled Asset Relief Program on Capitol Hill in Washington , April 21 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Jonathan Ernst
Midwest Banc Holdings Inc MBHI.O agreed to swap $ 84.8 million of preferred shares it sold to the U.S. government in 2008 for securities that will convert into about $ 15.5 million of common shares -- roughly an 80 percent loss to taxpayers .
To some analysts , the transaction is an outrageous giveaway to an ailing bank , and its investors .
“ There ’s a lot of funny stuff going on here , ” said James Ellman , president at hedge fund Seacliff Capital in San Francisco .
Others say it is a sign of the tough choices the Treasury faces dealing with banks that remain weak despite receiving government capital .
In some cases , taxpayers must choose whether to lose 80 percent of their money , or all of it .
A Treasury official told Reuters that the deal is designed to help Midwest Banc Holdings raise private capital , which is the main goal of this phase of the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) .
The biggest banks repaid the money they owed the U.S. Treasury last year and earlier this year , and with a few exceptions , they did so easily .
But more than 600 smaller banks are still left in the program , and owe roughly $ 130 billion to taxpayers .
In the latest stage of TARP negotiations , many banks will struggle to repay that money .
The government will be forced to negotiate separate deals with banks that could result in losses for taxpayers .
The Chicago area , where Midwest Banc Holdings is based , could have a large number of problem lenders .
A recent presentation by rival Chicago bank MB Financial Inc MBFI.
O said there are 157 banks in the metro area with more than $ 100 million of assets , and 70 of them are by one measure experiencing real credit stress .
When banks applied for the Treasury capital , they had to be deemed “ healthy ” by their regulators to receive taxpayer funds .
So far , the only outright loss the government has taken so far on the TARP Capital Purchase Program is a $ 2.3 billion loss on its investment in CIT Group , which went through a bankruptcy reorganization last year .
The Treasury has said it expects its bank capital injection program overall to earn a profit , helped by preferred stock dividends and warrant sales .
But the overall TARP program is expected to lose about $ 117 billion , from companies like insurer American International Group Inc AIG.N .
Chris Robling , a spokesman for Midwest Banc , declined to comment .
SHARING THE GAINS
What irks some analysts is that the government may be giving up some potential gains on Midwest Banc ’s stock .
The Treasury could have traded its $ 85 million of preferreds for common stock now worth about $ 85 million .
That move would have given Midwest the same amount of capital , but the bank would have issued more shares to taxpayers at a lower price , giving taxpayer ’s more profit if the company ’s shares rise .
“ Taxpayers should be allowed to share in the upside , ” Seacliff ’s Ellman said .
An analyst in New York said , “ The government is giving away money here . ”
But others argue that issuing fewer shares to the government may be necessary if the bank is looking to sell more common shares to private investors .
The government ’s mistake was investing in the bank in the first place , and its best option is now to choose the outcome that minimizes losses , said Linus Wilson , a longtime critic of TARP at University of Louisiana at Lafayette .
“ We were n’t in that good a bargaining position , ” Wilson said , adding that the current market value of the government ’s TARP preferred shares is about $ 8 million .
Midwest is not alone in having renegotiated its TARP obligations .
Citigroup Inc C.N exchanged about $ 25 billion of the United State 's TARP preferred shares into common stock , and another $ 20 billion of TARP securities into trust preferreds .
Superior Bancorp SUPR.O and Popular Inc BPOP .
O last year also exchanged trust preferreds for the government 's preferreds .
And GMAC Financial Services in December swapped some of the government ’s TARP preferreds for mandatory convertibles .
Midwest Banc is giving securities known as mandatory convertibles to the U.S. government , in exchange for the preferreds it sold in December 2008 plus $ 4.5 million in unpaid dividends on that stock .
Those securities will automatically convert into about 47.1 million common shares in seven years .
The bank can convert them sooner if it sells at least $ 125 million of new equity for cash , and meets a few other conditions .
Organized cyber criminals stole more than $ 25 million from small to mid-sized businesses in brazen e-banking heists in the 3rd quarter of 2009 alone , federal regulators said last week .
In contrast , traditional stick - up artists hauled less than $ 9.5 million out of U.S. banks over that same time period last year .
Speaking at the RSA Security Conference in San Francisco last week , David Nelson , an examination specialist with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) , said online banking attacks against small businesses of the sort I have chronicled countless times over the past year netted thieves $ 25 million between July and September of 2009 .
I wondered how that stacked up against real - life bank robbers here in the U.S. , so I had a look at the FBI ‘s published bank crime statistics for that same time period last year .
Turns out , traditional bank robbers committed a total of 1,184 bank robberies during those three months , netting slightly more than $ 9.4 million ( including $ 3,071 in travelers checks ) .
In fact , real - life bank robbers stole a total of just over $ 30 million in the first three quarters of 2009 , just $ 5 million more than cyber crooks did in the third quarter of last year alone .
Small wonder that the haul from cyber bank robberies has overtaken that of physical heists :
Cyber thieves take far fewer risks to life , liberty and limb than do real - life bank robbers .
In that same three month period last year , the FBI says bank robberies at bricks - and - mortar institutions caused five deaths — all them perpetrators of the crime .
What ’s more , the perpetrators of these incessant attacks against small businesses banking online for the most part reside in countries that are traditionally beyond the reach and influence of U.S. law enforcement .
Sure , bank robbers occasionally kill people ( more often themselves ) while they ’re stealing your money , instead of silently lifting it out of your bank account from afar like cyber thieves .
That alone makes them a more emotional high - value target for the feds .
But let ’s face it : Traditional stick up artists are a lot easier to collar .
For one thing , by necessity they are all here in the United States .
In addition , while traditional bank robbers are limited to the amount of money they can physically carry from the scene of the crime , cyber thieves have a seemingly limitless supply of accomplices to help them haul the loot , by hiring so - called money mules to carry the cash for them .
I ca n’t help but notice one other important distinction between these two types of bank crimes :
The federal government sure publishes a lot more information about physical bank robberies that it makes available about online stick - ups .
Indeed , the FBI ’s bank crime stats are extraordinarily detailed .
For example , they can tell you that in the 3rd quarter of last year , bank robbers were more likely to hold up their local branch between the hours of 9 a.m. and 11 a.m. on a Wednesday than at any other time or day of the week ; they can tell you the number of tear gas and dye packs taken with the loot , the number of security cameras activated , the number of food stamps taken , even what percentage of suspected perpetrators had illegal drug habits at the time of the robberies .
About the only thing the stats do n’t tell you is what brand of jeans the perpetrators were wearing and whether the getaway car had cool vanity plates .
What do we get about e-crime statistics from the federal government ?
One guy from the FDIC giving a speech at the RSA conference .
And as we heard from the FDIC last week , the federal regulators could start collecting ( and hopefully publishing ) these kinds of statistics from America ’s banks , but that would require an okay from the White House .
One of the first posts that I published at krebsonsecurity .com was a story about how much time and effort I put into trying to get the government to acknowledge how much cyber crooks were stealing from small to mid-sized businesses last year in these online banking attacks .
Given this latest disclosure , it ’s not hard to see why the banks and feds would be reluctant to part with that information .
The FBI has n’t yet published the 4th quarter 2009 bank crime statistics , but if the $ 25 million cyber heist figure is representative of a quarterly trend last year — and the first three quarters of stats from last year ’s FBI stats do n’t deviate much in the 4th quarter — cyber crooks will have stolen well more than twice as much as traditional bank robbers last year in the United States .
I ’m quite certain that if the infamous Willie Sutton had his heyday in the present culture , Sutton ’s fabled answer to the question of why he robbed online banks would have been , “ Because that ’s where the * easy * money is . ”
Tags : david nelson , fbi , fdic , RSA , small business victims , willie sutton
This is a video of a man silently destroying the shit out of his laptop at an HP store in China because it was n't living up to his expectations .
THE state government is rushing to prepare laws to create a development authority with sweeping powers to compulsorily acquire and rezone privately owned land for resale to developers .
With Sydney 's population set to grow 40 per cent to 6 million in the next 25 years , the government has decided it needs a metropolitan development authority to buy privately owned land near rail and bus routes for medium - and high - density housing .
Legislation for the new authority , believed to be the first of its kind in Australia , will be introduced before June in an attempt to increase housing construction rates , which are the lowest on record even though the city 's population is growing at the fastest rate since the 1960s .
Cabinet is still fine - tuning details , including the contentious issue of the amount of compensation paid to landowners whose properties are compulsorily acquired by the government for resale .
While government departments such as the Roads and Traffic Authority have the power to compulsorily acquire land , they can do so only when it is used for a public purpose .
Australia 's largest online bargain shopping site , DealsDirect.com.au , was blacklisted by Google and major internet browsers today after it was found to be hosting malware .
The site sells a broad range of goods including kitchen items , furniture , computers , electronics , jewellery , tools , fitness equipment , alcohol , manchester , musical instruments and toys .
The malware warning presented to people who tried to visit DealsDirect.com .au today .
People visiting the site using Firefox , Google Chrome and newer versions of Internet Explorer were warned that “ visiting this site may harm your computer ” because it “ appears to host malware ” .
Visitors who tried accessing the site via Google 's search engine were also prevented from entering by a malware warning .
China is now the largest emitter of CO 2 on the planet , as it powers a large industrial base primarily through the use of coal - fired power plants .
However , many of those goods are immediately shipped overseas , often to the US and EU , which generate and use power far more efficiently .
A new paper , which will be published in the Proceedings of the National Academies of Science , now takes a look at the impact of outsourcing these carbon emissions by tracking CO 2 based on a product 's point of use .
For some Western European economies , the result is enormous : anywhere from 20 to 50 percent of their emissions come in the form of imported goods .
The calculation was performed by Stanford 's Steven Davis and Ken Caldeira , who built a database of national energy production and tracked international trade of both raw materials ( including fossil fuels ) and finished goods .
The most recent year for which all that data was available was 2004 , which means the figures do n't cover some of the changes that have accompanied the recent economic downturn .
The basic calculation involves taking the CO 2 emissions for various nations and regions , subtracting those associated with exported goods , and then adding back emissions associated with imports .
The result , termed consumption emissions , was then analyzed on a per-capita and per-GDP basis .
Overall , nearly a quarter of emissions globally went towards the production of goods that were pumped into the export economy ( that 's 6.2 gigatons of carbon dioxide ) .
China alone accounted for 1.4 of those Gt. A lot of those wound up in the US and Western Europe , where each citizen was responsible for literally tons ( anywhere from two to 10 tons ) of CO 2 emitted elsewhere .
In consumption terms , the US still leads China , consuming roughly 6,500 megatons of CO 2 annually ; China is in second , at just under 4,000 Mt. Japan and Western Europe fill out most of the remainder of the top ten , although Russia , India , and the Middle East also appear on the list .
For Russia and the Middle East , the primary factor that gets them onto the list is their export of fossil fuels .
Considered in GDP terms , the former Soviet Union is the single worst performer , thanks to a combination of energy exports and a very carbon - intensive domestic energy economy .
Several of the individual nations in that region also make the list , as do Iran , China , Vietnam , and India .
On a per-capita basis , the situation is largely reversed : countries with mature economies ( and , often with efficient energy economies ) dominate the list , with Luxembourg edging out the US for top honors .
Singapore , Australia , and Canada round out the top five , with Hong Kong joining various European nations in the rest of the top 10 .
At the other end of the spectrum , the nations with the lowest consumption emissions were , not surprisingly , largely in the developing economies of Africa and Asia .
The same held true for per-capita consumption emissions .
But , in terms of GDP , the developed economies of Western Europe ran away with all but one spot in the top 10 , with Japan being the lone exception .
So far , the authors suggest that the trend of effectively outsourcing carbon dioxide emissions has been driven by economic concerns , rather than any sort of emissions regulations .
But the clear subtext is that any greenhouse gas control system that does n't account for global trade may exacerbate this trend .
As the authors conclude , " the prosperity of developed countries was not only founded on two centuries of fossil fuel emissions , but also in some cases is now being maintained by emissions produced in developing countries . "
PNAS , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0906974107 ( About DOIs ) .
Kolkata , Mumbai and the national capital , besides Gujarat , have been put on high alert following intelligence inputs that Taliban - trained terrorists have sneaked into these cities to target vital installations .
A top Union Home Ministry official on Monday said that Taliban - trained ' fidayeen ' ( suicide squad ) have entered the country to carry out attacks at " specific " installations , including Bhaba Atomic Research Centre , defence establishments among others .
Bombay Stock Exchange , RSS headquarters are also among the likely targets of the " Pashtoon - looking " terrorists , the official said adding that instructions have been issued to lay a tighten security net around these installations .
He said the police forces have been put on high alert following the inputs and efforts are on to nab the terrorists at the earliest .
ALSO READ CBI sought part RTI exemption , Govt gave it full
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
A global survey of 27,000 people in 26 countries finds that " four in five people around the word believe that web access is a fundamental human right , " reports the UK Telegraph ( note :
That finding is only summarized in the headline , not the body of the text for some reason ) .
I 'm not sure how to take that :
Does that mean people should have free Internet , as the story implies , or does it mean that all people everywhere should have a right to create or buy Internet access free of government controls ?
On the latter point , there 's this heartening thought :
Seventy - eight per cent pollsters believe that the web gave them greater levels of freedom .
This belief was most popular with the US respondents , who were also the respondents that were the most confident to express their opinions openly online … .
Government regulation was not viewed as the correct method to solve [ privacy , fraud , and hacking ] issues , with over half of the 27,000 respondents agreeing that that internet " should never be regulated by any level of government anywhere " .
More here .
Hat tip : Twitter feed of Milo Yiannopoulis .
Duel No. 1 — P - 51 Mustang vs Fw 190 : Europe 1943 - 45
Author(s ) : Martin Bowman
Published : September 2007
ISBN : 9781846031892
American and German fighter pilots duel over Europe in the P - 51 and FW 190 , two of the most advanced fighters of the period
Duel No. 2 — Sherman Firefly vs Tiger : Normandy 1944
Author(s ) : Stephen A. Hart
Published : September 2007
ISBN : 9781846031502
The German Tiger heavy tank faces the Allied Sherman Firefly on the battlefields of Normandy in the summer of 1944
Duel No. 3 — U - Boats vs Destroyer Escorts : The Battle of the Atlantic
Author(s ) : Gordon Williamson
Published : October 2007
ISBN : 9781846031335
Allied naval destroyers duel German U- boat Wolf Packs in the Battle of the Atlantic
Duel No. 4 — Panther vs T - 34 : Ukraine 1943
Author(s ) : Robert A Forczyk
Published : October 2007
ISBN : 9781846031496
The German Panther and Russian T - 34 — two of the deadliest tanks of WWII — duel on the Russian Front
Duel No. 5 — Spitfire vs Bf 109 : Battle of Britain
Author(s ) : Tony Holmes
Published : November 2007
ISBN : 9781846031908
The legendary British Spitfire dogfights against the Luftwaffe Bf 109 aces over Britain
Duel No. 6 — USN Carriers vs IJN Carriers : The Pacific 1942
Author(s ) : Mark Stille
Illustrator(s ) : Howard Gerrard , Ian Palmer Published : November 2007
ISBN : 9781846032486
U.S. and Japanese carrier fleets battle for dominance of the Pacific in 1942
Duel No. 7 — Sopwith Camel vs Fokker Dr I : Western Front 1917 - 18
Author(s ) : Jon Guttman
Illustrator(s ) : Jim Laurier , Harry Dempsey
Published : March 2008
ISBN : 9781846032936
The deadly Sopwith Camel biplane duels the Fokker Dr I triplane over the Western Front in WWI
Duel No. 8 — P - 40 Warhawk vs Ki-43 Oscar : China 1944 - 45
Author(s ) : Carl Molesworth
Illustrator(s ) : Jim Laurier
Published : March 2008
ISBN : 9781846032950
Heavily armed and armored P - 40 fighters battle lighter , nimbler Japanese Ki-43 fighters over China in WWII
Duel No. 9 — Victory vs Redoutable : Ships of the Line at Trafalgar 1805
Author(s ) : Gregory Fremont - Barnes
Illustrator(s ) : Ian Palmer , Giuseppe Rava
Published : May 2008
ISBN : 9781846031342
Warships of the British and French / Spanish fleets clash at Cape Trafalgar off the Spanish coast
Duel No. 10 — M3 Medium Tank vs Panzer III : Kasserine Pass 1943
Author(s ) : Gordon L. Rottman
Illustrator(s ) : Ian Palmer , Giuseppe Rava
Published : May 2008
ISBN : 9781846032615
The Wehrmacht 's Panzerkampfwagen III duels against the American M3 Grant tank at Kasserine Pass
Duel No. 11 — P - 47 Thunderbolt vs Bf 109G / K : Europe 1943 - 45
Author(s ) : Martin Bowman
Illustrator(s ) : Jim Laurier , Chris Davey , Gareth Hector
Published : August 2008
ISBN : 9781846033155
Over Europe the U.S. P - 47 Thunderbolt fighter battles the Luftwaffe Bf 109 G/K fighter
Duel No. 13 — Panther vs Sherman : Battle of the Bulge 1944
Author(s ) : Steven J. Zaloga
Illustrator(s ) : Howard Gerrard , Jim Laurier
Published : September 2008
ISBN : 9781846032929
The American Sherman duels the German Panther in the ferocious fighting during the Battle of the Bulge
Duel No. 14 — Confederate Ironclad vs Union Ironclad : Hampton Roads 1862
Author(s ) : Ron Field
Illustrator(s ) : Howard Gerrard , Peter Bull
Published : November 2008
ISBN : 9781846032325
The ironclads CSS Virginia ( Merrimac ) and USS Monitor duel during the American Civil War
Duel No. 15 — Russian Battleship vs Japanese Battleship : Yellow Sea 1904-05
Author(s ) : Robert Forczyk
Illustrator(s ) : Tony Bryan , Howard Gerrard , Ian Palmer
Published : February 2009
ISBN : 9781846033308
Russian and Japanese battleships battle in the Yellow Sea during the Russo - Japanese War
Duel No. 16 — Seafire vs A6M Zero : Pacific Theatre
Author(s ) : Donald Nijboer
Illustrator(s ) : Jim Laurier
Published : April 2009
ISBN : 9781846034336
The British Seafire F III duels the Japanese A6M Zero in fighter - to - fighter combat
Duel No. 17 — SPAD XIII vs. Fokker D VII : Western Front 1916 - 18
Author(s ) : Jon Guttman
Illustrator(s ) : Jim Laurier , Harry Dempsey , Mark Postlethwaite
Published : April 2009
ISBN : 9781846034329
The Fokker D VII duels the SPAD XIII over the Western Front in World War I
Duel No. 18 — M1 Abrams vs T - 72 Ural : Operation Desert Storm 1991
Author(s ) : Steven J Zaloga
Illustrator(s ) : Jim Laurier
Published : August 2009
ISBN : 9781846034077
The United States ' M1 Abrams faces the Iraqi's T - 72 tanks during the Gulf War in 1991
Duel No. 19 — Constitution vs Guerriere : Frigates During the War of 1812
Author(s ) : Mark Lardas
Illustrator(s ) : Peter Bull , Giuseppe Rava
Published : August 2009
ISBN : 9781846034343
Royal Navy and U.S. Navy frigates duel in the War of 1812 including the famous battle of USS Constitution vs. HMS Guerrière
Duel No. 20 — SE 5a vs Albatros D V : Western Front 1917 - 18
Author(s ) : Jon Guttman
Illustrator(s ) : Jim Laurier , Harry Dempsey
Published : October 2009
ISBN : 9781846034718
The SE 5a battles the Albatros D V in the quest for aerial superiority during World War I
Duel No. 21 — Centurion vs T - 55 : Yom Kippur War 1973
Author(s ) : Simon Dunstan
Illustrator(s ) : Howard Gerrard , Ian Palmer , Griff Wason
Published : November 2009
ISBN : 9781846033698
The British Centurion and the Soviet T - 55 face - off on the Golan Heights during the Yom Kippur War
Duel No. 22 — USN Cruiser vs IJN Cruiser : Guadacanal 1942
Author(s ) : Mark Stille
Illustrator(s ) : Howard Gerrard , Paul Wright
Published : October 2009
ISBN : 9781846034664
USN and IJN cruisers clash during at Guadacanal including the Battle of Savo Island and the Battle of Cape Esperance
Duel No. 24 — Fw 190 Sturmböcke vs B - 17 Flying Fortress : Europe 1944 - 45
Author(s ) : Robert Forsyth
Illustrator(s ) : Jim Laurier , Gareth Hector
Published : November 2009
ISBN : 9781846039416
Luftwaffe Fw 190 fighters battle the USAAF B - 17 Flying Fortress heavy bombers over Europe in WWII
Duel No. 25 — Fw 200 Condor vs Atlantic Convoy : 1941 - 43
Author(s ) : Robert Forczyk , Tim Brown
Illustrator(s ) : Tony Bryan , Howard Gerrard , Ian Palmer
Published : March 2010
ISBN : 9781846039171
The German Fw - 200 Condor long - range bomber battles the Atlantic Convoys
In the best practice of biomimetics , we look to Mother Nature and learn to emulate her examples in order to improve our own designs .
Sometimes , alas , this goes awry ... as in the case of this unholy abomination that I 'm calling the Bacon Cheeseturtle :
Yes my friends , that is just what it looks like : A beef patty in a turtle - shell - emulating bacon weave , with grotesque hot dog extremities .
I 'm sure there 's a personality test in here somewhere -- half of you are saying " Mmmmm , " the other half , " Gahhh ! "
The Australian Government says it has been swamped by overseas requests for camels since efforts to control feral camels in Central Australia attracted international media attention .
Camel industry representatives say they have been receiving an average of four inquiries a day from people in the Middle East and North Africa who think Australia is offering free camels .
There are more than 1 million camels roaming outback Australia causing havoc , prompting a cull of the feral animals .
News that camels were being shot in the Australian outback became big news overseas .
The Federal Government has signed a funding agreement with an Alice Springs - based company to cull camels , but calls have been made to further develop the live export industry .
The Government 's trade body Austrade says it has also noticed a spike in enquires seeking free camels .
It has been advising people that camels are difficult to trap and expensive to ship , and certainly will not be transported free .
The archbishop of Canterbury has waded into the row over Israeli plans to build hundreds of homes on occupied territory , saying the proposals left him feeling " baffled and angry " .
Rowan Williams told an audience in London that although he believed the Israeli state had a right to exist , he had yet to hear a legal defence of settlement construction .
All settlements on occupied territory are illegal under international law .
At the event , sponsored by the Jewish Chronicle to celebrate the 250th anniversary of the Board of Deputies , he said : " The state of Israel is a legitimate state .
It has a right to exist and right to defend itself .
The very fact that Israel makes so much of its status as a democratic state leaves me baffled and sometimes angry at what seems like collusion with unauthorised parties .
I want to hear a legal defence of settlements and I am yet to hear it . "
The " unauthorised parties " he referred to were settler groups , religious nationalists who believe they have a right to live in the ancient biblical area of Israel .
The archbishop is said to be concerned at the way people are " acting on their own behalf and beyond the law " .
His reflections come during a week when Israel announced two proposals for hundreds of housing units – one for 1,600 homes in Ramat Shlomo and another for 112 flats in Beitar Illit – despite promising a 10 - month partial suspension of settlement building in the West Bank , though not in East Jerusalem , which it annexed in 1967 and regards as its territory .
Ramat Shlomo , built 15 years ago , is on land captured in the West Bank in 1967 and annexed to Israel in a move not recognised by the international community .
It also said Beitar Illit , an ultra-Orthodox settlement near Bethlehem , was approved before the moratorium being declared .
Williams said : " Unless there is a way of representing the settlements as legitimate self - defence I remain very disturbed about that , along with many . "
It is not the first time he has spoken out on the Middle East .
In comments made during a 2007 interview for a Muslim lifestyle magazine , Emel , he attacked US policy in the region and said the Bush administration had assumed all Iraq needed was a " quick burst of violent action " .
T he Eye of Ugin .
What is it , really ?
The flavor text of Ghostfire says " Only those gifted with the eye of Ugin , the spirit dragon , can see his fiery breath . "
But that makes it sound like a physical eye .
Which is only fair .
After all , Ugin presumably has ( or is it had ? ) at least one eye , whoever he is .
But what about the legendary land ?
What is it ?
Where is it ?
And what secrets does it hold ?
Well , we 're about to show you .
First you 'll get a good look at the Eye of Ugin , then , when your curiosity has consumed you and you absolutely can take no more suspense , go ahead and click on it .
But beware !
Because the secrets of the Eye are not for the faint - hearted !
Eye of Ugin | Art by James Paick
For more than a week , a mysterious pulsating light has been appearing nightly over Lake Erie east of downtown Cleveland — showing up at approximately 7:30 pm and zipping around in the darkness for about two hours before disappearing — reports MSNBC .
Captured on film from various angles , it 's now drawing nightly crowds at the lakefront .
While Nick Pope , former chief UFO investigator at the British defense ministry , calls it a " significant sighting , " some of the UFO 's fans do not exactly inspire faith : " I have absolutely no expertise in this field , but I can guarantee you that it is not human ! " says Eugene Erlich , a local college student who has been videotaping the lights .
Watch MSNBC 's report :
Sidewalk Sissies
People who endanger others by riding on sidewalks should take heed of the many reasons why they will get nailed eventually .
Even though it ’s easy to presume that other people already share a sense of self - preservation when traveling on public roads , this is n’t the case on sidewalks .
On the road , we subconsciously trust in everyone else ’s basic instincts to avoid damages and personal harm , with cyclists being especially vulnerable and acutely aware of this implicit agreement to avoid catastrophe .
This basic and unspoken agreement leaves us feeling optimistic enough to venture about in traffic on 2 - wheels , knowing that only the most careless of people ( or the rare sociopath ) might willingly endanger us while we ’re on our merry way .
Never thinking for a moment that it would be better to risk harming others , in exchange for a false sense of added - security on the sidewalk .
Yet deep down , most of us will admit that chaos still reigns supreme .
So we ’re left to trust in each others best intentions , while keeping an eye out for the effects of ignorance , accidents , or most of the time , just self - absorbed carelessness …
And that ’s out on the open roadways !
Where we all expect stupid things to happen sooner or later !
What ’s entirely unexpected are people who ’re willing to take such selfish liberties with their vehicle on busy downtown walkways , where NOBODY but pedestrians hold rights to travel freely .
Where the only wheeled vehicles you should EVER come across should be ridden by children , infants , or the disabled .
Obviously , there ’s still a gap between what is , and what should be …and it takes an especially self - absorbed person not to see the differences around them .
It can be argued ( below ) , that there are indeed some unique circumstances where someone could ( and possibly SHOULD ) ride on a walkway , but these are few and far between .
If there are indeed safe circumstance , or necessarily valid allowances for riding a walkway , how are pedestrians supposed to grant you ‘ trust ’ in their safety which they rightfully should expect on their own ‘ roadway ’ ?
More importantly , how could cyclists demonstrate their own honor in such a trust ?
In a kinder gentler day , perhaps it would have just been improper to pass someone without a proper greeting , without demarcating yourself as rude and unworthy of inclusion in ‘ Civil Society ’
Could reviving such basic social protocols be the key to sidewalk safety in a more civilised city ?
Meanwhile , in a more boorish version of Reality …
There are all sorts of self - serving reasons why people feel justified to ride a bike on a sidewalk , but ultimately none of them are for the benefit of the traffic around them .
Nor do they hold up against the real risks that they create , and the rules they break .
There ’s more on these ‘ rules of the game ’ below … but first we need to pause for a Sports Update …
This classic old Nike commercial springs to mind when I see someone weaving a bike at speed down a busy sidewalk …
I realize that bikes and Rollerblades do n’t compare ( ie. the ‘ blades are n’t illegal ) , but the risks are at least as bad if not worse when you consider the damage that your rigid , sharp - edged bike can do to human flesh , especially when factoring in your own weight / momentum behind it …. and that ’s only where the risks begin !
So in the spirit of playoff hockey , here ’s a classic clip of Mats .
Not just to console the Toronto Fans ( again ) , and not to promote some distorted sense of ‘ vigilante justice ’ .
But rather , to show how the greatest physical sport on earth can restores order , through the self - governance of hard - checking play .
Back to Biking
For whatever reasons though , we ’re seeing an increasing trend where grown adults see fit to ride the sidewalks of downtown Toronto with not only a carefree abandon , but also with a peculiar sense of entitlement as well , as they presume upon others to make way for them !
Now I ’m not talking about just hoping up on a walkway to avoid dangerous obstacles , but literally riding along entire lengths of busy sidewalks along our city ’s downtown streets .
Yet , before we consider what type of un-managed fear , cowardice , ineptitude , or just plain ignorance would cause someone to endanger the safety of Pedestrians , let ’s quickly review some basic RULES , for any self - righteous types out there who are already presuming that this transgression is somehow within their rights , or deemed acceptable under some self - satisfying circumstances .
FIRST :
A bicycle is a vehicle .
Under the Ontario Highway Traffic
Act , a vehicle is defined as : “ anything drawn , propelled , or driven by any type of power including muscular power . ”
NEXT :
Under the Metropolitan Toronto By - Law 32/92 Section 17(1 )
The fine for riding a Bicycle on sidewalk with wheels over 61 cm ( 24 ″ ) diameter is $ 90.00
BTW :
Here ’s a list of other cycling fines that you should be aware of here in Toronto
At this point , no matter how “ safe ” you think you ’re being , any oblivious sidewalk riders out there should probably be reconsidering the potential effects of their dangerous habits , before wondering what would also happen to them if they were to actually injure someone as a result of their foolishness .
At the very least you ’re looking at “ careless driving ” charges getting tacked on automatically for the slightest injury .
From there you ’ll be left to your fate at the hands of accident / injury claims Lawyers .
If you have n’t already figured this out …
Unlike cars and bikes , that generally move in predictably straight lines up and down roadways , Pedestrians are free to suddenly turn and or move laterally ( sideways ) if they so choose .
So just because you see someone ahead of you , it ’s entirely ignorant and selfish of you to presume that they will walk ‘ defensively ’ if they can even hear you coming , unless you ’re also arrogant enough to announce your fear of urban cycling with by ringing a bell as you bulldoze your way down a walkway .
Essentially this means that Pedestrians have all the rights on a sidewalk .
They can and will suddenly turn or walk out in front of you , and YOU will be the aggressor in such a case of vehicular assault , and a highly prejudiced Defendant in any resulting injury claims .
Not to mention having to explain to your friends and family how you injured an innocent child or so easily startled a senior citizen into stepping in front of you ( due to poor sight / vision ) that they fell and need medical attention , just because you were afraid to ride on the road where you belonged !
Many cyclists claim that they ride on the sidewalk because they are afraid of the cars .
But choosing to ride on the sidewalk does n’t actually eliminate the risk of a car and bike collision .
Cycling on the sidewalk is actually a contributing factor in 30 per cent of car and bike collisions !
These collisions occur when cyclists ride off the sidewalk into the roadway ( at obstacles , or intersections ) , or when motorists are exiting a lane - way or driveway .
A group of scholars at the University of British Columbia conducted a literature review , looking at all available studies linking bicycle safety with infrastructure .
Their conclusions will be counter - intuitive for some .
The studies surveyed found that riding on the sidewalk resulted in risks 1.8 to 16 times the risk of cycling on the road .
One study found that sidewalk - riding crashes ( the study ’s authors purposefully do not use the word “ accident ” ) were even higher when riding against the flow of traffic on the adjacent road where the rider actually belonged .
Of course there are countless desolate stretches of empty sidewalks out in Suburbia that present easy and much safer options .
Where bikes can enjoy the safety of their own “ lane ” on the walkways , while just about everyone else speeds by in their version of a car driven culture .
City planning leaves all sorts off structural reasons why the walkway is the only safe way .
So there are certainly some unique cases for ‘ reasonable use ’ .
However just leaving things open to interpretation , will only aggravate an already highly disproportionate rate of sidewalk crashes , without clear protocols , and restricted allowances .
Finally , it bears mentioning that like all small minorities who can ruin things for the majority , sidewalk riders ( who can only be called Cyclists once they ’re on the road where they belong ) , are giving real Cyclists everywhere a bad name , and risk becoming visible pariahs to everyone , especially other Cyclists .
So if you are having issue with urban cycling , remember that you ca n’t avoid reality just by getting on the sidewalk .
Because all you ’re doing is kidding yourself about reducing risks , while introducing new and very real dangers to innocent pedestrians ( and yourself ) .
Essentially , and like everyone else , you need to earn to ride safely and securely .
Otherwise , please start considering your more assuredly secure options as a Pedestrian with access to transit , or perhaps just moving out to a nice sleepy little Suburb somewhere …
Where the sidewalks are just way over - sized curbs anyhow .
Finally … For anyone who might still be missing Mats abit , here ’s another funny clip about traffic flow and hockey temperaments 😉
At Sunday night ’s kinos in Bnei Brak ’s Ramat Elchanan neighborhood , rabbonim are expected to give instruction to heads of mosdos and others , just how they are expected to ensure the homes of their talmidim are free of the threats posed by the internet , the daily HaMevaser reports on the front page of Sunday ’s edition .
It appears the kinos is intended to give guidelines of enforcement of the ban .
The organizers promise that Maranan V’Rabanan Gedolei Yisrael Shlita will be attending , well aware of the dangers posed by the internet in frum homes .
While the rabbonim have spoken out strongly against the “ so - called chareidi website ” , it appears the focus of the Sunday night event will be on removing internet from homes , to distance the “ tuma and threat ” from the homes of the frum community .
The city auditorium will open at 5:00 pm with the Rabbonim Shlita using the northern gate and heads of mosdos the central gate , hoping this will assist in maintaining order .
UPDATED INFO : YWN - Israel has learned that the Rabbonim Shlita attending the Sunday evening kInos against internet will begin promptly at 5:30 pm , and it will be a relatively short event .
The keynote speakers will reportedly by Maran HaGaon HaRav Aryeh Leib Shteinman Shlita and HaGaon HaRav Shmuel Halevi Wosner Shlita .
The organizers indicate that at the conclusion , the newly - developed ‘ takanos ’ ( regulations ) will be distributed , which takes into account those requiring internet connectivity to earn a livelihood .
It appears such people are compelled to ask a halachic question of one ’s rav “ as one does for other halachic matters ” and those requiring connectively must have appropriate internet filtering on their system , blocking out all sites not absolutely essential to making a living , including “ so - called chareidi sites ” .
( Yechiel Spira – YWN Israel )
The University of Windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus .
Learn More .
Just trying out something new , a little bit of Olivia Debardines inspired goodness so instead of squiggles , dry brushing or gold leaf I went with splats .
Hope you like
It ’s a dark night ; you ’re in an unfamiliar city , slightly lost , but pretty sure you ’ll know where you are if you just get to the next corner .
The streets are quiet .
A stranger steps out of the gloom in front of you , and announces that certain words do n’t mean what you think they mean .
They ’re words that you use but have never really felt comfortable with , words that you use mostly because you ’ve heard them in set phrases , words like plethora .
Plethora , you wonder , could it be I ’m using it wrong ?
That niggling uncertainty kicks in , the same niggling uncertainty that ’s pushed you to educate yourself all these years .
It creeps further , darkening your mind .
Have I been using words wrong ?
Your breath quickens — how many others have thought heard me say them before this stranger came up and told me I was wrong ?
Have I used one of them lately ?
Have I been judged ?
Your pulse races .
Did I just say one ? — is , is that why this stranger materialized to announce it was wrong ?
The stranger says more words are being used wrong , by others , by you .
These words are more common , common enough to be known but not common enough to be well - known : myriad , enormity .
Oh God , you think , I ’ve used those words in business writing !
The uncertainty changes into certainty , certainty that you are wrong , and worse , that people know it .
Important people know it .
That ’s why you have n’t been promoted , it ’s why your friends were laughing that one time and did n’t say why .
The stranger has you now .
The stranger knows the dark spots on your soul .
The stranger is almost touching you now , so close , so close .
Your eyes meet .
The stranger ’s eyes widen ; this is it , the final revelation .
Do you dare listen ?
You ca n’t listen , you must listen :
“ And you ’re using allow wrong , too ! ”
At which point the spell is broken — because c’mon , you ’re not using allow wrong .
You ’d definitely have noticed that .
You push the stranger out of the way , and realize your hotel ’s just on the next block .
In the unfamiliar city of the Internet , I encountered such a stranger : Niamh Kinsella , writer of the listicle “ 14 words you ’ve been using incorrectly this whole time “ .
Kinsella argues that your usage does n’t fit with the true definition of these words , by which she usually means an early , obsolete , or technical meaning of the word .
Her first objection is to plethora , which she defines as “ negative word meaning a glut of fluid ” .
And so it was in the 1500s , when it entered the language as a medical term .
This medical meaning persists in the present day , but additional figurative meanings branched off of it long ago — so long ago , in fact , that one of the meanings branched off , flourished for 200 years , and still had enough time to fade into obsolescence by now .
The extant figurative meaning , the one that most everyone means when they use plethora , is antedated to 1835 by the Oxford English Dictionary , at which point it was usually a bad thing ( “ suffering under a plethora of capital ” , the OED quotes ) .
But by 1882 we see the modern neutral usage : “ a perfect plethora of white and twine - colored thick muslin ” .
The second objection is to myriad , and here Kinsella deviates by ignoring the early usage .
She hectors : “ It ’s an adjective meaning countless and infinite .
As it ’s an adjective , it ’s actually incorrect to say myriad of . ”
But in fact myriad entered English as a noun , either as a transliteration of the Greek term for “ ten thousand ” , or as an extension of that very large number to mean “ an unspecified very large number ” ( both forms are antedated by the OED to the same 1555 work ) .
The adjectival form does n’t actually appear until two centuries later , the 1700s .
Both nominal and adjectival forms have been in use from their inception to the present day ; claiming that one or the other is the only acceptable form is just silly . *
There ’s no point in continuing this after the third objection , which is to using allow in cases that do not involve the explicit granting of permission .
To give you an idea of what folly this is , think of replacements for allows in a supposedly objectionable sentence like “ A functional smoke alarm allows me to sleep peacefully . ”
The first ones that come to my mind are lets , permits , gives me the ability , and enables .
That ’s the sign of a solid semantic shift ; four of my top five phrasings of the sentence are all verbs of permission with the permission shifted to enablement .
Kinsella herself has no beef with it when she is n’t aiming to object , judging by her lack of objection to an article headlined “ Are we allowed optimism now ? ” .
This enablement usage is n’t new , either ; the OED cites “ His condition would not allow of his talking longer ” from 1732 .
( Permit without permission is antedated even further back , to 1553 . )
This ought n’t even to be up for debate ; even if it were completely illogical — which , as an example of consistent semantic drift , it ’s not — the fact that it is so standard in English means that it is , well , standard .
It is part of English , and no amount of insisting that it ought n’t to makes a difference .
It ’s similar to the occasional objection I see to Are n’t I ? : even if I agreed it did n’t make sense , virtually every ( non-Scottish / Irish ) English speaker uses it in place of am n’t I ? , so it ’s right .
End of discussion .
Why do we fall for this over and over again ?
Why do we let people tell us what language is and is n’t based on assertions that never have any references ( Kinsella cites no dictionaries ) and rarely hold up to cursory investigation ?
I do n’t know , but my guess is that it appeals to that universal mixture of insecurity and vanity that churns inside each of us .
We are convinced that we must be doing everything wrong , or — and perhaps worse — that we ’re doing most things right but there ’s some unexpected subset of things that we have no idea we ’re doing wrong .
So if someone tells us we ’re wrong , especially if they candy coat it by saying that it ’s not our fault , that everyone ’s wrong on this , well , we just assume that our insecurities were right — i.e , that we were wrong .
But then , aware of this new secret knowledge , these 14 weird tricks of language use , our vanity kicks in .
Now we get to be the ones to tell others they ’re wrong .
Knowing these shibboleths gives you the secret knowledge of the English Illuminati .
Between our predisposition to believe we ’re wrong , our desire to show others up by revealing they ’re wrong , and our newfound membership in this elite brotherhood , what incentive do we have to find out that these rules are hogwash ?
All that comes out of skepticism is , well , this : me , sitting on my laptop , writing and rewriting while the sun creeps across a glorious sky on a beautiful day that I could have been spending on the patio of my favorite coffee shop , approaching my fellow patrons , dazzling them with my new conversation starter : “ I bet you use plethora wrong .
Allow me to explain . ”
—
*: In fact , Kinsella undermines her own definition of “ countless and infinite ” in her supposedly correct example by using “ countless and infinite ” to describe the finite set of stars in the universe , so maybe she ’s just in love with the sound of her own hectoring .
Unfall bei Olympischen Spielen Rodler stirbt nach schwerem Sturz
Die Spiele von Vancouver beginnen mit einer Tragödie .
Kurz vor der Eröffnungsfeier ist der georgische Rodler Nodar Kumaritaschwili beim Training aus der Bahn geflogen - und an seinen Verletzungen gestorben .
Athleten und Funktionäre kritisieren die schnelle Strecke .
Advertisements
For years Republicans have been trying to get former president Ronald Reagan ’s face on United States currency .
The latest effort is being spearheaded by Rep. Patrick McHenry ( R - NC ) , who has proposed legislation that would replace Grant with Reagan on the $ 50 bill , but here are five reasons why Ronald Reagan should never be on the fifty or any other United States currency .
In a statement , Rep. McHenry said , “ Every generation needs its own heroes .
One decade into the 21st century , it ’s time to honor the last great president of the 20th and give President Reagan a place beside Presidents Roosevelt and Kennedy .
President Reagan was a modern day statesman , whose presidency transformed our nation ’s political and economic thinking .
Through both his domestic and international policies he renewed America ’s self confidence , defeated the Soviets and taught us that each generation must provide opportunity for the next . ”
As you can see , McHenry ’s argument is based on the typical Republican deification of Ronald Reagan .
The problem is that the myth does n’t match up with the facts .
Here are 5 reasons why Ronald Reagan does not deserve to be on the $ 50 dollar bill .
Advertisements
1 ) . The size of the federal government exploded under Ronald Reagan
The Republican myth is that Reagan shrunk the size of the federal government , but this is not true .
In fact , it is blatantly false .
It was reported as early as 1988 that the size of the federal government had grown by 7 % under Ronald Reagan .
Also , government became a larger percentage of GDP under Reagan than it had previously been .
When defense spending is included on the Reagan resume , the size of the federal government grew by 90 % during the Reagan years , so much for small government conservatism .
2 ) . Reagan did not end the Cold War
The popular argument for Reagan with Republicans is that Ronnie ended the Cold War , but that is debatable .
As David Greenberg wrote in 2003 , “ Though few Americans realized it , by the mid-1970s the Soviet system was collapsing .
Its aggressive acts of that era , like its invasion of Afghanistan , turned out not to be harbingers of a renewed Red menace but the last gasps of a tottering power .
Yet Reagan ’s coterie of hawkish advisers foresaw only an unending struggle . ”
Reagan read the Cold War wrong .
In his second term , Reagan was pragmatic and tried to negotiate peace and an abolition of nuclear weapons with the Soviet Union .
This is a part of his legacy that his worshipers often forget .
3 ) . Budget Deficits
It is in vogue for Republicans to now moan about the Obama administration adding to the budget deficit , but they are ignoring the fact that the most permanent legacy of the Reagan presidency is debt .
When Ronald Reagan took office the deficit was $ 94 billion , and federal debt was $ 930 billion , in two years he increased the deficit to $ 208 billion , and by 1988 the deficit was $ 2.6 trillion .
Ronald Reagan ’s tax cut and spend policies dug the United States a hole that it may never climb out of .
4 ) . Iran Contra
As a rule of thumb , the presidents immortalized on our currency should not be involved in secret deals to sale arms to Iran in exchange for the release of hostages .
It is debatable how much Reagan actually knew about this , or if he was in charge .
At worst , Reagan was engaged in criminal activity if he was the head of this illegal activity .
At best , Reagan was half out of it due to Alzheimer ’s , and spend the second part of his final term as little more than a figurehead .
Either way , this was not heroic presidential behavior .
5 ) . Ronald Reagan ’s Lasting Legacy
Most great presidents leave a lasting legislative legacy , but Ronald Reagan did not .
His legacy was an ideological slashing of social programs that led to a jump in homelessness , and the mentally ill turned out into the streets .
Reagan ’s presidency was more rhetoric than substance .
Reagan opened the door for out of control deficit spending , while overseeing any era where the gap between the have and have not grew .
The Reagan presidency was a tribute to the failure of trickledown economics , and people should not confuse the popularity of the man , with the success of his presidency .
Conservatives Caused Huge Deficits , Blame Obama
Headline at Drudge Report : Obama policies projected to add $ 9.7 trillion to debt by 2020 ... points to this story , National debt to be higher than White House forecast , CBO says ,
President Obama 's proposed budget would add more than $ 9.7 trillion to the national debt over the next decade , congressional budget analysts said Friday .
Proposed tax cuts for the middle class account for nearly a third of that shortfall .
So here is the deal .
This Drudge headline , saying Obama 's spending " adds to the deficit " is a trick .
Here is how it works .
Suppose you take over a company that is losing $ 100 million a year , and your jobs is to turn it around .
So perhaps the second year the company only loses $ 70 million , $ 30 million the third year , and breaks even in year four .
You saved the company .
But in those years the company " lost " another $ 100 million .
Should you be fired ?
President Obama took office as President of a country with a $ 1.4 trillion deficit - thanks to the failure of conservative policies .
Their tax cuts , wars , military buildups , corruption and incompetence drove the borrowing WAY up , and then their deregulation , corruption and incompetence destroyed the economy , driving the borrowing up into the stratosphere .
If the borrowing just stayed the same at the $ 1.4 trillion level Obama inherited each year -- never mind that interest on all that borrowing gets higher and higher each year -- that would mean $ 14 trillion would be added to the deficit by 2020 .
That 's a LOT more than the $ 9.7 trillion that Drudge and the conservatives are making so much noise about .
Obama is dramatically reducing the borrowing , but they use trickery to make it look like he is causing it .
What about that $ 1.4 trillion deficit ?
That was the deficit for the 20098 budget year .
Conservatives say -- over and over -- that Obama " tripled the deficit " in 2009 .
This is n't even a trick , it is just a lie .
The final Bush budget year ended with a deficit of $ 1.4 trillion .
Conservatives have been telling the public this was an " Obama Deficit " and use graphics and charts that label this last Bush budget as Obama's .
This is nothing more than a lie , of course repeated endlessly .
But what else should you expect ?
Like the scorpion that stings the frog as the frog ferries it across the river , it 's what they do .
They screw things up , and then point the finger of blame at everyone else .
The proof was in the pudding .
An elderly Long Island husband and wife were busted yesterday for tampering with boxes of Jell - O pudding — replacing the contents with sand and salt and then returning them to stores for the $ 1.40 - a- pop refund , officials said .
Alexander Clement , 68 , and his wife , Christine Clement , 64 , of East Northport disposed of the evidence afterward — by cooking up and eating the contents of the boxes they had emptied , authorities said .
Their puddings of choice ?
Pistachio and butterscotch .
Police said the couple struck four stores a total of five times .
Christine would buy about 10 boxes each time .
Her hubby was the driver .
When the pair got home , she allegedly would empty the boxes ’ contents and replace them with plastic sandwich bags filled with the sand and salt .
After resealing the boxes , her husband would drive her back to the stores , where she would return them for a refund , police said .
The scheme fell apart after a customer who bought one of the resealed boxes complained .
Police traced the boxes back to the Clements .
But authorities said the couple — who are well - off and have been married 40 years — is more to be pitied .
Christine Clement is suffering from “ an age - related mental issue , ” police said .
“ This was a bizarre story to begin with , and it just got worse when we found out what happened .
It ’s sad , ” said Suffolk Police Lt. Michael Murphy .
“ These are n’t bad people .
They never had any problems before .
It was a complete aberration .
They are very apologetic . ”
selim.algar@nypost.com
Gravity Bone Dev's Space Strategy ' Flotilla ' Released
Set in fully - 3D space with 360 degrees of movement , Flotilla is an enjoyable game of crafty positioning to take advantage of enemies ' weak spots , as Blendo maestro Brendon Chung explains in the trailer below .
Players ' " adventures " take place in a randomly - arranged universe with missions that 'll see them crossing paths with such oddities as rasta feline cosmonaut outlaws while acquiring upgrades and expanding their flotilla , all accompanied by classical piano .
Flotilla can be bought direct from Blendo for a mere $ 10 .
A downloadable Xbox 360 version is also in the works .
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
SALT LAKE CITY ( AP ) - Lawmakers moved quickly Friday to place a ban on affirmative action in the Utah Constitution , despite little evidence the practice is being used or has caused problems .
A resolution that would prevent local governments , state agencies and public colleges from discriminating or providing preferential treatment based on race , sex , color , ethnicity or national origin sailed through a legislative committee only two days after it was made public .
To amend the constitution , the resolution would have to be approved by a two - thirds vote in the state House and Senate and be signed by Republican Gov. Gary Herbert .
Voters also would have to approve the measure this fall .
The proposal is likely to have little trouble getting the necessary votes for passage in the GOP - dominated Legislature .
Rep. Curtis Oda , R - Clearfield
A House committee approved the measure known as House Joint Resolution 24 with a 10 - 4 vote Friday .
The full House will likely vote on it next week .
The legislator proposing this measure is Rep. Curt Oda , R - Clearfield , a Japanese American .
He is part of a national movement who feels it 's time to nullify affirmative action .
Shortly after most in this House committee voted to advance a ban on affirmative action , the head of the Hispanic caucus asked Oda how he could , quote , " shove this down our throats . "
Tony Yapias of the Hispanic caucus told Oda , " Your family has been discriminated against just as mine has . "
Oda 's reply : " But I do n't go looking for it . "
Oda is adamant that reverse discrimination is worsening the very racial divide affirmative action was meant to address .
This measure evens the playing field , he says .
" If we could just make it equal all the way across so everyone is treated fairly , it will start diminishing a lot faster , " he said .
Opponents said there was little time to seek public input about the proposal .
" To pull this bill out two days ago , and ram it down the throats of this community , is awful .
I can't explain how disappointed I am , " said Rep. Jackie Biskupski , D - Salt Lake City .
" This is big , and it deserves public input . "
What is ... affirmative action ?
Affirmative action is the set of public policies and initiatives designed to help eliminate past and present discrimination based on race , color , religion , sex , or national origin .
" We need to have a discussion among grassroots community of individuals who would be most affected by this constitutional amendment before it comes to our committee , " said Rep. Brian King , D - Salt Lake City .
" This is not an adequate fact - finding context . "
Jeanetta Williams , president of the NAACP Salt Lake Branch , said she was n't made aware of the proposal until Thursday night .
" He 's trying to kind of do it in a backdoor approach , which I find very offensive , " Williams said .
Democrats tried unsuccessfully to delay the measure by suggesting it undergo study during the summer .
Republicans said they want to pass the measure while Ward Connerly , a former member of the University of California Board of Regents who has worked to pass similar legislation in other states , was in town to testify for the bill .
" The implication is that those of us who are ... minorities cannot compete and therefore society has to bestow its benevolence , " Connerly , who is black , told lawmakers .
" Sometimes we do n't realize that 's a double - edge sword .
We demean people . "
Connerly was joined by Jennifer Gratz , who successfully sued the University of Michigan for denying her admission , saying she was put at a disadvantage because she was n't a minority .
14th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution Section 1
All persons born or naturalized in the United States , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States and of the state wherein they reside .
No state shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States ; nor shall any state deprive any person of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law ; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws .
" Many of our universities , many of our government agencies use these similar policies for college admissions , public contracting , and employment .
And I think that 's wrong .
People should be judged by their merit and character , not their skin color or sex , " said Gratz .
Senate President Michael Waddoups , R - Taylorsville , said the measure will help ensure Utah colleges do n't discriminate .
" We 're not getting necessarily the most qualified students there because of the quota system , " Waddoups said .
Kay Harward , University of Utah senior associate vice president for enrollment management , said minorities do n't get any preferential treatment when it comes to admission .
State agencies also have policies in place that prevent them from giving preferential treatment when it comes to hiring or promotions .
------
Story compiled with contributions from Richard Piatt and the Associated Press .
×
Related Links
Det finnes nok noen ulemper med å låne penger , men er det en ting som er helt klart så er det at fordelene er i overtall dersom man behandler lånet på riktig måte .
Innledningsvis kan vi nevne fordeler som fleksibel nedbetaling , at sikkerhet ikke er nødvendig og at man kan bruke pengene på akkurat hva man vil .
Ja , alt dette er nemlig reelt for forbrukslån – les videre hvis du vil se flere fordeler !
1. Sikkerhet er ikke nødvendig
Nettopp dette punktet er kanskje en selvfølge , da vi tross alt snakker om lån uten sikkerhet .
Men det faktum at man ikke må stille med sikkerhet for å låne er akkurat en ganske stor fordel , ettersom man slipper slitsomme krav om egenkapital eller pant i eiendom .
Perfekt for deg som trenger raske penger uten noe mer om og men .
Du kan lese mer om dette på www.billiglånutensikkerhet.com .
2 . Lån til akkurat hva du vil
Den andre store « gulroten » med forbrukslån er at man ikke har noen restriksjoner på hva man kan bruke pengene til .
Du behøver ikke fortelle dette til banken heller , og du kan låne til mer eller mindre akkurat hva du vil .
Mest populært blant oss fjellaper er lån til ferie og oppussing i følge Opp Finans , men det finnes naturligvis flere titusener av eksempler på lån til helt andre ting enn som så .
3. Muligheter for fleksibel nedbetaling
Trodde du at nedbetalingen av et lån uten sikkerhet måtte være knotete og kjip ?
Da må du tro om igjen !
Mange av de moderne internettbankene inkludert Komplett Bank tilbyr nemlig fleksibilitet under nedbetalingen , der man hos enkelte selv bestemmer størrelsen på avdragene måned for måned .
På denne måten behøver du slettes ikke stresse over at du ikke skal lykkes med nedbetalingen , ettersom man i stor grad kan styre dette selv .
4 . Du kan få lån på dagen
Skulle du hatt penger aller helst i går ?
I så fall vil du kanskje bli overrasket over hvor fort utbetalingen av et forbrukslån kan skje .
De fleste lån på under 50 000 kroner utbetales samme dag som man søker om det , forutsatt at man bruker BankID for å signere på søknaden .
Dessuten vil man som regel få umiddelbart svar på om man får låne eller ikke , noe som kanskje kan være nok i enkelte tilfeller der man bare behøver en bekreftelse at pengene i alle fall er på vei .
Les mer om lån på dagen .
5. Kostnaden er 24 % lavere enn hva du tror
Du er nødt til å betale renter når du tar opp et lån uten sikkerhet , og det er ingen vei utenom det .
Men visste du at den reelle kostnaden på lånet er 24 prosent lavere enn hva man først tror ?
Dette fordi man får tilsvarende skattefradrag på det man betaler i renter og gebyrer , som betyr at hvis lånet koster deg 10 000 kroner i året , så får du tilbakeført 2400 kroner når skatteoppgjøret kommer .
Verdt å ta med i regnestykket !
6 . Du kan innfri lånet når du vil
Lyst til å reise på ferie i mars , men du har ikke råd før feriepengene kommer i juni ?
I så fall kan det løse seg gjennom å ta opp et fleksibelt forbrukslån der du betaler ned hele lånet når feriepengene har meldt sin ankomst .
Du betaler kun renter i de neste månedene , før du betaler ned hele ferien i én smekk når det passer deg .
Det koster litt ekstra , men er en optimal mulighet dersom man trenger penger på et tidspunkt der man ikke nødvendigvis har de .
Mer info / kilder :
Lånutensikkerhetguide.no – Guide til billig lån uten sikkerhet
She joined the Army after leaving school aged 16 and was one of only ten women in the Royal Anglians to be posted to Iraq for seven months at the age of 18 .
( CNN ) --
As the Vatican announced Friday that Pope Benedict XVI has signed a pastoral letter about Ireland 's abusive priests , it became increasingly clear that the church abuse crisis has entered a new international phase , with allegations spreading across a half dozen countries -- including the pope 's native Germany .
" Now we have obvious confirmation that this is a global crisis , " said John Allen , CNN's Vatican analyst and senior correspondent for the National Catholic Reporter .
" Anywhere there is a substantial Catholic population there is the potential for this type of scandal . "
Allegations of church - based sex abuse are increasing across Europe , including in Austria , Germany , the Netherlands , Spain and Switzerland .
New abuse allegations have surfaced in Brazil , home of the world 's largest Catholic population .
Ireland continues to wrestle with the fallout from years of revelations about abusive priests .
It was n't until this week that Ireland 's top Catholic cardinal acknowledged the church 's response to the abuse had been " hopelessly inadequate . "
The pope 's letter on Ireland 's church scandal will be released Saturday , a Vatican spokesman said .
" My hope is that it will help in the process of repentance , healing and renewal , " Benedict said earlier in the week .
But new revelations about church abuse continued Friday , including in the Munich , Germany , archdiocese where Benedict once served as archbishop .
While few Vatican watchers expect Benedict to step down over the growing crisis , the German charges are bringing the scandal closer to this pope than to any of his predecessors .
" The scandals threaten his reputation in terms of how he governs the church , " said Allen .
" But there 's also a threat to his personal reputation and moral authority . "
Under the pope 's tenure as archbishop in the early 1980s , the Munich archdiocese ignored warnings to keep a molesting priest away from children , the doctor who issued those warnings said Friday .
Werner Huth , a psychoanalyst , said he specifically demanded the priest never be allowed to interact with children again .
Instead ,
Huth said , the church allowed the priest to return to work and to deal with children .
The priest , the Rev. Peter Hullermann , was convicted of abusing minors in 1986 .
The current pope left the Munich archdiocese for a new post in 1982 .
Huth , who said he regularly did psychoanalytical evaluations for the Catholic church , said he does not believe Pope Benedict XVI was ever aware that Hullermann had been returned to service .
Huth said he warned other church officials about Hullermann 's pedophilia many times .
Hullermann , who resumed work in the church and continued to work with children after his conviction , was suspended last week as information about his past came to light .
Though more than 300 cases of alleged abuse have emerged in Germany -- mostly since January -- no others have surfaced that could implicate the pope .
" If it 's one case , it 's embarrassing but survivable , " Allen said .
" If it becomes five or 10 , a pattern emerges and it becomes something more serious . "
Those who 've watched Catholic abuse scandals unfold elsewhere said there 's a high likelihood of more allegations in Germany and other countries where news of scandal recently broke .
" It starts with the victims , then the media pick it up , and once the dam is broken , new revelations and victims pour out , " said David Gibson , a Vatican expert who has written a biography of Benedict .
" Once victims are emboldened to come forward , it emboldens prosecutors and government officials to undertake investigations they may not have before out of fear of offending the church , " he said .
Beyond the Vatican , the crisis threatens to erode membership in Europe 's remaining Catholic strongholds and to change secular Europe 's posture toward the church from shrugging toleration to outright hostility .
But church experts say the crisis is likely to have far less impact in parts of the world where Catholicism is growing fastest , like Africa and Southeast Asia .
In traditionally Catholic Ireland , the pews were already emptying before the sex abuse scandal broke .
" But places like southern Germany and Austria and Poland are still very Catholic , " said Gibson .
The accumulating abuse allegations " will erode church participation there while accelerating the pace of secularization in places like France and England . "
In Brazil , where a recent TV report included a video purportedly showing a priest having sex with a 19 - year - old altar boy , the Catholic Church is already losing market share to Pentecostal and evangelical churches .
Those churches may subtly seize on a handful of abuse allegations as part of their broader appeals to those disillusioned by the Catholic Church 's top - down structure .
But in regions like Africa , which has seen its Catholic population grow from 2 million in 1900 to 150 million today , the new allegations are likely to generate relatively little distress .
Nigeria is now home to the world 's largest Catholic seminary , while Europe and the United States now depend on wider Africa to supply their priests .
CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .
KINGSTON , N.Y. , Jan. 3 ( UPI ) --
A judge in New York state took the oath of office with his hand placed on a dictionary rather than a book of scripture because officials could find no Bible .
The glitch , in a packed courtroom of the historic Ulster County Courthouse in Kingston , N.Y. , provided " a light moment " in the swearing - in of Donald A. Williams as Ulster County judge , the Daily Freeman of Kingston reported Sunday .
Advertisement
Williams said later he did n't mind using a dictionary instead of a Bible because the swearing - in Saturday was purely ceremonial .
The former district attorney , a Republican , officially became the county judge Friday .
U.S. government officials are not required to swear in on a Bible , but most do so as a demonstration of the binding nature of the promise .
The act also adds solemnity to the ceremony .
Most officials use their own family Bible .
The Interfaith Alliance of Iowa has presented legislators with a letter co-signed by 167 Iowa clergy .
The letter urges Iowa senators and representatives to support “ marriage equality ” and “ oppose any resolution or attempt to diminish the marriage rights ” of gay couples .
Connie Ryan Terrell is executive director of the Interfaith Alliance of Iowa .
“ That letter is going to the legislators today so that they hear a balance from people of faith , and particularly from clergy , ” Terrell says .
“ What legislators have told me in the past when we have gone to them is that they do n’t hear from clergy , often , from our side and so it ’s important for them to hear that there ’s a different voice and that there are clergy who are supportive of marriage equality . ”
The Bishop of Episcopal Churches in Iowa signed the letter , as did ministers who serve on several college campuses , including Wartburg in Waverly and Luther College in Decorah .
Unitarian ministers , Protestant pastors and rabbis signed the letter , too .
Their letter says the clergymen and women “ oppose the use of sacred texts and religious traditions to deny equal protection … for gay and lesbian couples . ”
Terrell says the Supreme Court ruling which legalized gay marriage in Iowa last April allows the “ fundamental right of marriage ” to be granted fairly .
“ I think it ’s an important message for the legislators to see that clergy in our state thing this is a good thing and want this to be the law of the land , ” Terrell says .
Bryan English is a spokesman for the Iowa Family Policy Center , a group leading the opposition to gay marriage .
English says the Bible provides insight into right and wrong .
“ Having read the Bible from cover to cover , on several occasions , I have found absolutely no justification for the position of the Interfaith Alliance , ” English says .
Update at the bottom .
Recently , my business partner Brian wrote an article about us promoting an app on Apple ’s App Store .
One of our strategies was to leverage our existing customers of our NBA apps to promote Final Madness .
We had done this with our NCAA basketball apps , and it worked great - in two days , the app made it to # 13 in the sports section of the US iTunes store .
We had submitted our revised NBA apps to Apple for approval over this weekend .
Our thought was that they would be approved by Monday or Tuesday .
We thought this would provide enough momentum for the Final Madness to stay in the top # 25 until Selection Sunday .
On Monday morning , Apple sent an email .
The email notified us that the application review state has changed .
Typically , this is done to indicate that the reviewer is unsure about something and needs someone with higher authority to make a decision .
In the past , Apple has called us when this would happen .
Not this time .
After I read the email I was feeling a bit bitter towards Apple .
Internally , I was blaming them for this problem .
I thought ,
Why ca n’t they just accept it as they usually do ?
Why do they have to go through this annoying review process ?
I just so happened to stumble upon an article entitled : Note to Entrpreneur ’s : It ’s Your Fault .
The premise of the article is that everything that happens to your business is your fault in one way or another .
Most importantly , the article writes :
“ The real trick is not to give the " it ’s my fault ” attitude lip service , but to actually believe it and live it .
Never let your guard down .
No whispering to friends / family that “ if only so and so did this ” or “ if only that had n’t happened … . ”
Always blame yourself .
Its the only way your problems get solved . “
The article is right .
We knew about Apple ’s developer agreement .
Yet , we decided to look the other way .
Later that afternoon , I had finally received the following email from Apple :
Dear Reflect7 ,
Thank you for submitting your family of fan applications to the App Store .
We ’ve reviewed your applications and determined that we cannot post them because they appear to contain features , namely , content and feeds , that bear resemblance to well - known third - parties including The New York Times , LA Times and CBS Sports .
Additionally , we determined that we cannot post these versions of your iPhone application to the App Store at this time because of inappropriate ‘ Keywords ’ used to identify your application .
Applications that contain terms , product names , brand names , or entities in their search criteria that are registered trademarks not licensed or owned by the submitter cannot be posted to the App Store .
It would be appropriate to remove nba , nba team and NBA .
Please remember that pursuant to your agreement with Apple , you represent and warrant that your application does not infringe the rights of another party , and that you are responsible for any liability to Apple because of a claim that your application infringes another party ’s rights .
Moreover , we may reject or remove your application for any reason , in our sole discretion .
Please provide documentary evidence that you have the rights to use this content to ensure compliance with the iPhone Developer Program License Agreement .
Once Legal has reviewed your documentation and confirms its validity , we will proceed with your application review .
Be aware that while your iTunes Connect Application State is displayed as Rejected , it is not necessary to upload a new binary in this particular case .
However , if your application is not in compliance , and you are able to make the necessary changes , we encourage you to do so and resubmit your binary for review .
Regards ,
i Phone Developer Program
The bomb dropped .
The applications that the email is referring to have been in the App Store for over two months now .
Why were n’t these problems flagged earlier ?
From the text of this email , it would indicate that Apple has problems with applications using RSS feeds to link to well known news sources .
That pretty much describes all of our Sports Fan applications .
Our bootstrapping strategy was over - and it ’s all our fault .
As I said earlier , I knew that Apple held the keys to their kingdom .
I understand that they are well within their rights to control what is on their store and what is n’t .
I agree with all of it .
The inconsistency of the review process bothers me , but yet again , it ’s done by humans .
Humans are inconsistent creatures .
One app reviewer may interpret a policy different than another .
However , it is still our fault .
Why You Should n’t Build Your Business on the App Store
I ’m not saying that you should stop developing your iPhone apps .
What I am saying , is that if you are attempting to build your business off of the App Store you are putting a major liability on your company .
Recently , the EFF requested the Apple Developer Agreement from NASA on the FOIA .
Read it , and then read it again .
Mark Suster , entrepreneur turned VC , wrote an article : App is Crap .
One of his finest points in the essay is that Apple is a channel and not a business model .
Mark writes :
" I see too many companies that are building iPhone App companies .
i Phone is not a business model unless you ’re Apple .
It ’s a channel .
It ’s a way to reach your customers .
And single channel businesses are vulnerable to the vagrancies of the market place .
If you ’re a “ pure mobile ” company that ’s fine .
There is a strategy for that .
But you need to think in terms of broader distribution . ”
I think he is spot on .
It ’s too bad we did n’t focus on this earlier .
But , yet we are young , nimble , and hungry entrepreneurs and so we did n’t .
Now we know .
A wise man once said : “ Stay hungry , stay foolish . ”
Perhaps he meant that literally ?
You can follow me on Twitter @jprichardson
-JP
Update 2010-03-12 10:40 CST :
Awareness Rises , but Women Still Lag in Pay NY Times , March 8 , 2010
The findings , which were timed to coincide with the 100th anniversary of International Women ’s Day , follow the announcement Friday by the European Union of an initiative aimed at significantly narrowing the union ’s average 18 percent gender wage gap , which has changed little in the past 15 years .
A study by the 27 - member union last year estimated that closing the wage gap could lead to a potential increase of 15 percent to 45 percent in gross domestic product .
Gosh , good thing we have no need to boost our GDP .
A 2009 report by the International Labor Organization found an average 20 percent difference in pay for men and women employed full time in the Group of 20 largest developed and developing economies .
Yet the World Economic Forum ’s report found that 72 percent of the companies in its survey had no systems to track salary differences by gender .
Herminia Ibarra , a professor of leadership and organizational behavior at Insead , an international business school , and a co-author of the forum ’s report , said of the findings , " Study after study shows that , in most countries and industries , women enter the workplace pipeline in representative numbers .
Then , something fails to happen . "
Getting Women Into Boardrooms , by Law NY Times , January 27 , 2010
Arni
Hole remembers the shock wave that went through Norway ’s business community in 2002 when the country ’s trade and industry minister , Ansgar Gabrielsen , proposed a law requiring that 40 percent of all company board members be women .
Many prominent business leaders dismissed the 2003 law as a political stunt and argued that Norway , with just 4.8 million people , did not have enough experienced women to meet the quota .
One chief executive of a software company told the business newspaper Dagens Naeringsliv that companies would have to recruit " escort girls " to meet the target .
In the European Union , 9.7 percent of the board members at the top 300 companies were women in 2008 , versus 8 percent in 2004 , according to the European Professional Women ’s Network .
In the United States , roughly 15 percent of the board members of the Fortune 500 companies are women , while at the top of Asian companies , women remain scarce :
In China and India , they hold roughly 5 percent of board seats , in Japan , just 1.4 percent .
Let 's all say " neener neener neener " to China .
At least we discriminate 10 % less against women than those bigots !
Yay us !
German Companies ' Know They Have Too Few Women ' Der Spiegel , March 23 , 2010
" I 'll support it ! " Deutsche Telekom CEO René Obermann said when [ Thomas Sattelberger ] his human resources officer put forward a bold proposal at a board meeting in Bonn two weeks ago :
He wanted Deutsche Telekom to make a commitment to filling 30 percent of management positions with women by the end of 2015 .
The measure would affect roughly 10,000 jobs .
[ Sattelberger ] believes that many German companies are guilty of " self - deception . "
" They know that they have too few women .
They convince themselves that they 're doing a great deal .
And if their efforts are unsuccessful , they set up mentoring and coaching programs .
Then they pitifully complain that they have done everything they can .
In reality , however , nothing has changed . "
He calls this " a subtle deception , coupled with a modern trade in indulgences . "
That does n't sound familiar at all , does it ?
Most major corporations do n't care .
Allianz and Adidas , Bayer , Deutsche Bahn and BASF , all are opposed to a set quota , so as to avoid discrimination against men , as officials at consumer goods manufacturer Beiersdorf put it .
Well , you gotta admit they 've got a point ... we must protect the poor , poor persecuted men !
I mean , I 'm a man and I could never compete if women had a real shot at my job .
C'mon , how much commentary on this is even necessary ?
Table of contents Unicode
XRegExp.matchRecursive
XRegExp.build
Addons
If you want , you can download XRegExp bundled with all addons as xregexp - all.js .
Alternatively , you can download the individual addon scripts from GutHub .
XRegExp 's npm package uses xregexp - all.js .
Unicode
The Unicode Base script adds base support for Unicode matching via the \p{…} syntax .
À la carte token addon packages add support for Unicode categories , scripts , blocks , and other properties .
All Unicode tokens can be inverted using \ P{…} or \p{^…} .
Token names are case insensitive , and any spaces , hyphens , and underscores are ignored .
You can omit the braces for token names that are a single letter .
Example
// Categories XRegExp ( '\\p{Sc}\\pN+' ) ; // Sc : currency symbol , N : number // Scripts XRegExp ( '\\p{Cyrillic} ' ) ; XRegExp ( '[ \\p{Latin}\\p{Common} ] ' ) ; // Blocks ( use ' In ' prefix ) XRegExp ( '\\p{InLatinExtended - A} ' ) ; XRegExp ( '\ \ P{InPrivateUseArea} ' ) ; // Uppercase \ P for negation XRegExp ( ' \\p{ ^InMongolian} ' ) ; //
Alternate negation syntax // Properties XRegExp ( '\\p{ASCII} ' ) ; XRegExp ( '\\p{Assigned} ' ) ; //
In action ... var unicodeWord = XRegExp ( " ^\\pL + $ " ) ; // L : Letter unicodeWord.test ( " Русский " ) ; unicodeWord.test ( " 日本語 " ) ; unicodeWord.test ( " العربية " ) ; XRegExp ( " ^\\p{Katakana} +$ " ) . test ( " カタカナ " ) ;
By default , \p{…} and \ P{…} support the Basic Multilingual Plane ( i.e. code points up to U+FFFF ) .
You can opt -in to full 21 - bit Unicode support ( with code points up to U+10 FFFF ) on a per-regex basis by using flag A .
In XRegExp , this is called astral mode .
You can automatically add flag A for all new regexes by running XRegExp.install ( ' astral ' ) .
When in astral mode , \p{…} and \ P{…} always match a full code point rather than a code unit , using surrogate pairs for code points above U+FFFF .
// Using flag A to match astral code points XRegExp ( ' ^\\pS $ ' ) .test ( '💩 ' ) ; // -> false XRegExp ( ' ^\\pS$ ' , ' A ' ) .test ( '💩 ' ) ; // -> true XRegExp ('(?
A ) ^\\pS$ ').test ('💩 ' ) ; // -> true //
Using surrogate pair U+D83D U+DCA9 to represent U+1F4A9 ( pile of poo ) XRegExp ( '(?
A ) ^\\pS$ ').test ( '\uD83D\uDCA9 ' ) ; // -> true // Implicit flag A XRegExp.install ( ' astral ' ) ; XRegExp ( ' ^\\pS$ ') .test ( '💩 ' ) ; // -> true
Opting in to astral mode disables the use of \p{…} and \ P{…} within character classes .
In astral mode , use e.g. ( \ pL| [ 0 - 9 _ ] ) + instead of [ \pL0 - 9 _ ] + .
XRegExp.matchRecursive
See API : XRegExp.matchRecursive .
XRegExp.build
See API : XRegExp.build .
◊
Eating local means more for the local economy .
According to a study by the New Economics Foundation in London , a dollar spent locally generates twice as much income for the local economy .
When businesses are not owned locally , money leaves the community at every transaction .
( reference )
Locally grown produce is fresher .
While produce that is purchased in the supermarket or a big - box store has been in transit or cold - stored for days or weeks , produce that you purchase at your local farmer 's market has often been picked within 24 hours of your purchase .
This freshness not only affects the taste of your food , but the nutritional value which declines with time .
Local food just plain tastes better .
Ever tried a tomato that was picked within 24 hours ?
' Nuff said .
Locally grown fruits and vegetables have longer to ripen .
Because the produce will be handled less , locally grown fruit does not have to be " rugged " or to stand up to the rigors of shipping .
This means that you are going to be getting peaches so ripe that they fall apart as you eat them , figs that would have been smashed to bits if they were sold using traditional methods , and melons that were allowed to ripen until the last possible minute on the vine .
Eating local is better for air quality and pollution than eating organic .
In a March 2005 study by the journal Food Policy , it was found that the miles that organic food often travels to our plate creates environmental damage that outweighs the benefit of buying organic .
( reference )
Buying local food keeps us in touch with the seasons .
By eating with the seasons , we are eating foods when they are at their peak taste , are the most abundant , and the least expensive .
Buying locally grown food is fodder for a wonderful story .
Whether it's the farmer who brings local apples to market or the baker who makes local bread , knowing part of the story about your food is such a powerful part of enjoying a meal .
Eating local protects us from bio-terrorism .
Food with less distance to travel from farm to plate has less susceptibility to harmful contamination .
( reference )
Local food translates to more variety .
When a farmer is producing food that will not travel a long distance , will have a shorter shelf life , and does not have a high - yield demand , the farmer is free to try small crops of various fruits and vegetables that would probably never make it to a large supermarket .
Supermarkets are interested in selling " Name brand " fruit : Romaine Lettuce , Red Delicious Apples , Russet Potatoes .
Local producers often play with their crops from year to year , trying out Little Gem Lettuce , Senshu Apples , and Chieftain Potatoes .
Supporting local providers supports responsible land development .
When you buy local , you give those with local open space - farms and pastures - an economic reason to stay open and undeveloped .
Download a printable version ( pdf ) of this guide .
And here is a separate video from Google explaining Google TV ads :
Of the 1.3 million , over a thousand went to the specially created web site mentioned at the end of the commercial , for a response of about 0.08 percent .
That may seem anemic , but remember that was the number of people watching a less than compelling ad and then going to a web site and it was for overnight viewing ( which probably includes a large number of people who have fallen asleep in front of the TV ) .
Gee , i keep wondering if we had had this service sooner , those public option ads would have been easier to run .
And kossacks are surely better at coming up with ad concepts than the DNC and DSCC who continually run flat and tonedeaf ads .
more information here : http://industry.bnet.com/...
For those that may have seen this , this is a repost , ( because i foolishly posted it originally at night when no one would see it . )
But I think it 's important for people to know about their options .
Last spring , a Long Beach law firm received an e-mail from a Hong Kong businessman seeking help collecting debts from American customers .
An attorney with the firm saw it as a great opportunity to reel in more business during the economic downturn and agreed to help .
After a month of signing paperwork and exchanging telephone calls with his client , the attorney received word from one debtor who sent a $ 200,000 cashier 's check to pay off his balance .
The attorney deposited it in his firm 's account , subtracted his $ 10,000 fee and wired the remaining amount to his Hong Kong client .
An hour - and - a - half later , the attorney 's bank called and told him the check bounced .
Fortunately , the bank was able to prevent the wire transfer from reaching its destination .
He almost had been duped out of $ 190,000 .
" They send me a nice , big , worthless check , " said the attorney , who asked to remain anonymous .
" Needless to say that was not a fun day .
They were the hardest 24 hours of my life . "
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
The case is illustrative of the cyberthreats law firms face today and for them the threat is double - barreled .
Cyber - criminals see law firms as particularly lucrative targets that can earn them hundreds of thousands of dollars per heist .
Cyberspies also attack attorney firms to steal client data that can be sold or used to learn the details of future litigation .
One day before Google revealed in January that it had been hit by an elaborate attack on its data and the Gmail accounts of Chinese human rights activists , several partners at Los Angeles law firm Gipson Hoffman & Pancione , which had just begun a copyright infringement lawsuit against China , were hit by similar attempts to infiltrate their systems .
Although there is no firm data on cyberattacks on law firms , the FBI issued an alert in late January warning law firms about scammers purporting to need help collecting delinquent payments or divorce settlement money .
The State Bar of California issued a similar warning in May .
Officials with City National Bank in Los Angeles , which serves more than 2,400 legal clients in California , Nevada and New York and helped the Long Beach attorney recover his money , said that in the past two years the institution has prevented the loss of about $ 2 million in counterfeit check schemes .
" The economy being down has increased the volume and level of sophistication " of these scams , said Joe Flueckiger , head of corporate security for the bank .
More scams
Attorneys say they are receiving these scams with increasing frequency .
" Six months ago I had n't seen any of them , " said Brian Hoffman , a San Francisco intellectual property attorney at the Mountain View firm Fenwick & West LLP .
" A couple of months ago I started seeing them once a week .
Now I see them once or twice a day . "
Cyber - espionage is perhaps a more widespread and pressing concern that continues to fly largely undetected under the public radar , said Scott Blackmer , founding partner of high - tech law firm Information Law Group .
Expanding focus
A recent report by information security company Mandiant said that during the past five years criminals have expanded their focus from government and military targets to researchers , manufacturers , nonprofit agencies and law firms .
Security experts said criminals gain access into law firms ' networks using highly tailored schemes to trick attorneys into downloading customized malware into their computers .
It is not uncommon for them to remain undetected for long periods of time and come and go as they please , they said .
Losing private data
Stephen Surdu , Mandiant 's vice president of professional services , said hacking , in addition to damaging a law firm 's reputation , can result in the loss of confidential information belonging to corporate clients - trade secrets , intellectual property , source data , details on new patents and products - and have serious repercussions across industries .
" In those cases ( criminals ) are not trying to defraud the law firm ; they 're trying to get information from them so they can gain the market , " Blackmer said .
Government backing
Experts say attacks are often orchestrated by overseas competitors with the support or endorsement of their governments .
Scott Borg , director and chief economist at the nonprofit U.S. Cyber Consequences Unit , said criminals have been known to even sell information stolen by cyber exploits in the form of research to litigants .
" There have been cases where companies or countries that certain corporations were negotiating with were clearly handed confidential information , " he said .
Attorneys at Los Angeles law firm Gipson Hoffman & Pancione were aware of a possible attack before it happened for similar reasons .
A week before they were attacked , the firm filed a $ 2.2 billion lawsuit against the Chinese government and several computer manufacturers on behalf of CYBERsitter , a Santa Barbara software - maker , claiming that China helped distribute copies of Green Dam , an Internet - censoring program with code allegedly stolen from the company .
Higher risk
The FBI is investigating the attack on the firm and it is still uncertain whether it was connected to the Google attack .
But Alex Stamos , a founding partner at iSEC Partners , a San Francisco security consulting firm that recently published research identifying about 100 organizations hit by the attack , said that law firms are on the list of organizations most at risk of being targets in the future .
" Most law firms are going to be in trouble if this is the level of adversary they 're going to deal with , " he said .
" It 's impossible even for the largest law firms to have a dedicated security team that can hold their own against these people . "
great character .
when I foucsed into the combination , it looks like the wolf is stعck into his ...
and the man is really hurt .
lol
any way you have a high quality works out their
On the CBS sitcom “ How I Met Your Mother , ” Neil Patrick Harris plays perhaps the most style - obsessed male sitcom character since Alex P. Keaton .
Hardly ever seen sans suit since the show debuted in 2005 , Barney Stinson uses his wardrobe as a weapon for womanizing .
It ’s a suit of armor and a security blanket rolled into one .
It ’s become such a trademark of Harris ’ character that when the show ’s 100th episode , “ Girls vs. Suits , ” found him confronted with the choice of a beautiful bartender or his signature suits , the result was a full - blown , street - filling , suit - sporting song - and - dance number -- favoring the suit .
Oh , did we mention that , in the same episode , his tailor is played by none other than “ Project Runway ” mentor Tim Gunn ?
And the man who plays the man beneath the suit ?
Harris , 36 , claims to have no fashion sense at all , and describes himself as prone to jumping on trend bandwagons long after everyone else has jumped off .
“ I ’m a jeans and T - shirt kind of guy , ” he said in a recent interview .
“ I was intimidated by high - end fashion growing up , and I never really bought into all the expensive things they were hawking in the fashion magazines .
“ I did n’t know what to make of it .
. . .
I ’d go into Fred Segal and panic at all the $ 6,000 shirts .
I ’d just as soon go to H&M and buy a similar shirt for $ 70 . ”
Even so , as a result of playing the show ’s well - clad cad , Harris has had the luxury of engaging in some sartorial soul - searching .
“ Because the wardrobe department adds four or five new suits to Barney ’s wardrobe each season , I ’ve had the chance to try on just about every brand of suit on the market , ” he said .
“ That ’s how I found that certain brands just fit my body type well .
Dolce & Gabbana uses thinner fabrics and that makes them more comfortable for me -- that ’s another thing I ’ve learned from ” the show .
Harris , who does n’t rely on a personal stylist to dress him for talk show appearances and red carpets , has even borrowed from the show ’s wardrobe on occasion .
“ That ’s one of the great things about being a guy , ” he said .
“ You can just throw on a suit . ”
And when pressed , he ’ll admit he can see the wisdom of spending good money on denim ( he favors Levi ’s and Hudson ) and underwear -- “ the stuff you wear all the time , ” he said .
He shops for clothes at Barneys CO - OP ( “ the one at the Grove is pretty good , but I ’m usually in New York ” ) .
He ’s partial to shades of blue and gray , shuns bold patterns and confesses a peculiar addiction to V - neck T - shirts .
“ Slate gray is my favorite color , ” he said .
“ I probably have 15 gray short - sleeve V - neck T - shirts in my house .
Every time I go to buy clothes , I seem to end up with two more .
I ’ve got dark gray , darker gray , light gray , lighter gray , [ and ] darker blue - gray . ”
Before he landed the role of Barney Stinson , Harris went through what he describes as an “ Abercrombie & Fitch stage . ”
But , for the last five years , he says he ’s been making a conscious effort to hew to a more classic , timeless look , favoring gray suits and thinnish neckties not unlike his small - screen counterpart .
“ I want something where you could n’t tell the decade the minute you look at it , ” he said .
“ Like Dean Martin or the men in Alfred Hitchcock movies . ”
Where does this desire for a timeless look come from ?
“ From looking at pictures of myself in a bolo tie and a puffy shirt and knowing the exact month that it was taken . ”
That ’s why Harris wanted some input on how his character dressed .
Co-creators Craig Thomas and Carter Bays “ were already planning on putting him in a suit .
I remember angling very strongly toward the slightly thinner tie -- not ‘ 80s rock band thin -- just thinner than what was in style ” when the show started , he said .
“ And I think someone in the wardrobe department tried to tell me thin ties were totally out , that no one made them these days and that we probably could n’t even get any .
I went out and bought some just to show them .
“ I thought the look should be like Cary Grant ’s in ‘ North by Northwest ’ : just really timeless .
I did n’t want to have to look back at reruns of the show and remember my suits as if they were ‘ Cosby ’ sweaters . ”
He appreciates the resurgence of “ Mad Men ” style , prefers accessorizing with something simple like a tie clip or cuff links and likes the look that Joseph Gordon - Levitt rocked in " ( 500 ) Days of Summer ” -- a dress shirt with rolled - up sleeves , a sweater vest and a loosened tie .
“ I think that ’s a good look ; you can wear it casually for dinner or on a talk show and it ’s still appropriate . ”
Harris has a special affinity for British designer Paul Smith .
“ I ’m a taller , slender guy , and I appreciate the European cut , and the Brits are dandy dressers , so I ’m glad that ’s coming back . ”
Of all the clothes he ’s worn over the course of his 20 - year career on screen and stage , he can single out only one outfit he could n’t bear to part with -- the white Dolce & Gabbana satin shawl collar dinner jacket he wore as he took to the stage as host of the 61st prime - time Emmy Awards in September .
“ I had to beg and plead to keep [ it ] .
Because it was a sample , they were n’t going to let me keep it .
I was like : ‘ Please , please -- who else is going to wear this ?
It ’s been tailored within an inch of its life to fit me . ’
“ It ’s not only a sharp - looking jacket , but I think it ’s going to be great for murder mystery games , ” he said with a laugh .
“ I think I have a monocle somewhere that might be perfect for that . ”
adam.tschorn@latimes.com
Buoyed by an improving economy that has reduced the projected deficit by $ 3.4 billion , Finance Minister Dwight Duncan will announce new social spending in the provincial budget .
“ We ’re in the springtime of recovery , ” an uncharacteristically ebullient Duncan told reporters Wednesday against the hopeful backdrop of construction at Ryerson University .
“ I am pleased to inform you that the 2010 budget will forecast a deficit of $ 21.3 billion for the year just ending – an improvement of $ 3.4 billion from the deficit forecast in last fall ’s statement , ” he said .
That shortfall is still a record for Ontario , but it ’s better than the $ 24.7 billion deficit on a $ 113.7 billion spending plan the Liberals had predicted in the fall economic statement on Oct. 22 .
It ’s also good political news for Premier Dalton McGuinty , whose government faces re-election in October 2011 .
The budget to be unveiled Thursday afternoon in the Legislature will outline an eight - year road map back to balance , meaning Ontario will continue to be awash in red ink until 2017 - 18 .
“ You ’ll be hearing more about our realistic and responsible plan to eliminate the deficit caused by the global downturn , but I wanted to pass along today that we ’ve already made some gains , ” the finance minister said .
The largesse will be spent on 20,000 new spaces in universities , colleges , and apprenticeship programs and the continuation of 7,600 daycare spaces that had been threatened by an end of $ 63.5 million in federal funding , among other initiatives .
Duncan said the 14 per cent reduction in the size of the deficit is “ largely due to better than expected economic growth as well as prudent planning of contingency and reserve funds . ”
“ We ’re seeing upticks in employment , upticks in revenue , upticks in a variety of areas , but we still have a large challenge and that is to eliminate the deficit eventually , ” he said .
“ It ’s pretty much across the board … we ’re seeing corporate tax revenues up , we still do n’t have solid numbers on personal income tax , sales tax numbers are up from the fall . ”
The lack of a full - scale H1N1 pandemic helped since the government did n’t have to spend as much on the flu as it had anticipated .
But Progressive Conservative Leader Tim Hudak injected some reality into Wednesday ’s festivities .
Hudak pointing out that Duncan had warned of a $ 14.1 billion deficit in last March ’s budget and then an $ 18.5 billion shortfall in a revised projection in June before October ’s ominous $ 24.7 billion announcement .
“ I mean , come on .
This is the fifth number that they ’ve put out there for the deficit for this year .
Originally it was going to be balanced , ” he said , referring to 2008 forecasts before the global economic slowdown .
“ Only a Dalton McGuinty Liberal would think a $ 21 billion deficit is some kind of an accomplishment . ”
NDP MPP Peter Tabuns ( Toronto Danforth ) said the changing fortunes at the provincial treasury are as much due to budget chicanery as the recovering economy .
“ It is a big swing .
It looks to me like … they low - balled the deficit when they brought out the numbers in the fall , ” said Tabuns , adding the figure ’s release on the eve of the budget was about “ managing public expectations . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ Now , just before the budget they ’re able to say , ‘ gee , we ’ve managed well , it ’s a wonderful place , we ’ve managed better than expected , ’ ” he said .
Until last year , the largest Ontario deficit on record was $ 12.4 billion in the 1992 budget introduced by NDP premier Bob Rae ’s finance minister , Floyd Laughren , at the height of the most recent big recession .
Sources say the anticipated deficit of $ 21.1 billion for 2010 - 11 and the $ 19.4 billion for 2011 - 12 will also be lower than previously thought .
Along with the deficit - reduction plan to be announced in the House at 4 p.m.
Thursday , Duncan is expected to introduce reforms to the welfare system to stem abuse of the Special Diet Allowance .
With one in five welfare recipients — some 162,000 Ontarians — receiving the monthly extra stipend of up to $ 250 under the plan that helps those on assistance with medical problems the program has grown to $ 200 million from $ 6 million a year in 2003 .
The Liberals argue that ’s not sustainable and Auditor General Jim McCarten exposed misuse in his annual report last December .
Also in the budget will be an economic plan for struggling northern Ontario , which has been decimated by the closure of pulp and paper mills .
But unlike last year — when the 13 per cent harmonized sales tax that blends the provincial sales tax with the federal GST was unveiled – there will be no tax hikes in Thursday ’s spending plan .
There will , however , be a successor to the five - year $ 6.2 billion “ Reaching Higher ” program that was launched in the 2005 budget by former finance minister Greg Sorbara to boost post - secondary schooling .
The price - tag for the 20,000 new spots in higher learning institutions will be hundreds of million of dollars , but the Liberals believe it is money well spent .
Similarly , the government will again tout its plan all - day junior and senior kindergarten for 4 - and 5 - year - olds that is being phased in starting this September .
Read more about :
( UPDATE :
It sounds as if Steelers fans in Pittsburgh are starting to turn on Roethlisberger according to the city 's radio waves . )
Ben Roethlisberger is back in the news , the kind that could have serious ramifications for the Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback .
Roethlisberger has been accused of sexual assault according to police in Milledgeville , Ga. , and is being investigated .
The incident occurred Friday morning at a nightclub in the town , which is close to one of Roethlisberger 's homes .
Agent Ryan Tollner said that " given the prior accusation against Ben , we are skeptical of motive , but we will continue to cooperate with everyone involved . "
A Steelers spokesman told USA TODAY on Friday afternoon that they are " gathering information " and will not comment further as they continue to look into the matter .
A Reno woman filed a civil suit last July accusing Roethlisberger of rape , a charge he has vehemently denied .
-- Nate Davis
Despite the $ 350 million ad campaign for the 2010 Census urging individuals to ' tell your story , ' many -- particularly minorities and illegal immigrants who are traditionally believed the be the most under counted -- will be non-compliant because of fears , some of which are over - hyped , that the information provided can reportedly be used against them .
Those fears are not completely unfounded .
Widespread non-compliance , particularly among those most likely to be discriminated against by a majority , may not be strictly rooted in the ' ignorance ' the ads are designed to overcome .
The most recent example of the U.S. government breaching census trust occurred in 2002 and 2003 , when the Census Bureau handed over information that had been collected about Arab - Americans to Homeland Security .
In 1943 , data from the 1940 Census was turned over to the War Department and used to intern Japanese , Italian and German Americans once the U.S. became involved in World War II .
The Census data was used to monitor and persecute others who escaped internment .
An unspecified threat against President Franklin Roosevelt in 1943 resulted in the Census Bureau releasing the name , address , age , sex , citizenship status and occupation of Japanese Americans in the Washington D.C. area to the Treasury Department .
The full scope of personal information released during World War II only recently came to light .
As noted by the Independent Institute , there may well be other instances of such data sharing of which we remain unaware .
The Census Bureau assures us that ' your confidentiality is protected ' because Title 13 requires the Census Bureau to keep all information about you and all other respondents strictly confidential . '
Those assurances are relatively useless .
The release of the ' strictly confidential ' data was also perfectly legal during World War II under the terms of the Second War Powers
Act of 1942 and would be legal -- depending on your definition of legal - under the USA PATRIOT
Act that was recently , and quietly , extended by the Obama administration .
According to the Independent Institute , 140,000 workers were hired to collect GPS readings for every front door in the nation in preparation for this year 's Census .
That type of pinpoint precision certainly simplifies locating any individual or group that may be identified as a threat to ' national security ' in the future .
Sound far fetched ?
It 's not .
There was a 1976 Senate Report which slated 26,000 Americans for being rounded up by the FBI in the event of a national emergency at the height of the cold war .
Since the U.S. Government 's Terrorist Watch list holds over one million names , the acquired GPS data would be instrumental in accomplishing that type of roundup .
More importantly , the census data is also shared more than originally advertised .
Stanford University has joined UC Berkeley , Duke , the University of Michigan , UCLA and others that have their own Census data center and according to the director of the new center , " the Census Bureau is very interested in making the centers more accessible to scholars who can use the data they provide . "
In fact , Henry Brady , the dean of the Goldman School of Public Policy at UC Berkeley -- and principal investigator for the California Census Research Data Centers -- told the Independent Institute " we 're trying to make centers where lots of federal agencies will let us use their data .
" What possible harm could come from that ?
If history , and the government 's track record with America 's civil liberties and privacy are any indication , quite a bit .
In January of 2004 it was reported that the data of close to a half million Northwest Airline passengers from the 1990 Census was used by the U.S. government in a test of a CAPPS II - like program .
A paper titled " Near Linear Time Detection of Distance - Based Outliers and Applications to Security " was presented on May 3 , 2003 at the Workshop on Data Mining for Counter Terrorism and Security in San Francisco .
That paper , coupled with recently obtained documents obtained through a Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) relating to Northwest Airlines ' collaboration with NASA CAPPS II testing revealed flagrant data - mining that was involved with the misuse of U.S. Census data and air passenger records .
Stephen Bay and Mark Schwabacher , the authors of the paper , used the full Passenger Name Records ( PNRs ) of 439,381 Northwest passengers and detailed definable , individual , and household data from the 1990 Census attempting to find ' outliers ' - people that allegedly do not conform to predetermined norms and could therefore be considered a ' threat . '
Passenger data from Northwest Airline was turned over by the airline without knowledge or permission of the passengers and given to NASA 's Ames Research Center .
The ' research ' was conducted for the Center by Bay and Schwabacher .
Bay was working as a research scientist at the Institute for the Study of Learning and Expertise -- an organization that has received substantial funding from DARPA , the ' defense ' group that is responsible for the Total Information Awareness ( TIA ) program .
Schwabacher was working at the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) -- an agency with extensive ties to the Department of Homeland Security .
The government 's use of census data to single - out and profile American citizens is outrageous and dangerous .
More information on the ' research ' can be found from Source Watch .
Unsurprisingly , the U.S. government was using Census data to illegally spy on American citizens .
The illegal data - mining and spying on American citizens -- as well as the racial profiling -- has continued to this day and the TIA program is still being illegally used by the FBI .
Despite reassurances that data is held under the strictest security and used for government programs and solutions to our problems , do we , as noted by the Independent Institute , really want academics to social engineer policy solutions based on sensitive personal data ?
Their ' solutions ' may be no more desirable than the ' solutions ' provided by government programs like internment and renditioning , and without the protections afforded by a right to privacy , there is little chance of escaping a political will to enforce discriminatory policies .
More information on the Census and privacy can be found from the Electronic Privacy Information Center .
The government has tried to make sure you participate in the Census .
Choosing privacy instead of participating in the Census can cost anyone over 18 - years - old $ 100 to $ 5,000 .
People are required by law to cooperate in a head count for political representation purposes .
Some say that according to Article 1 , Section 2 , Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution , the only information the government is empowered to request is the total number of occupants at a given address .
Not being a Constitutional lawyer , I have no idea , but the fact remains that U.S. Census data confidentiality is a myth .
More information ( PDF ) on the 2010 Census can be found from the U.S. Census Bureau .
New England Patriots defensive end Ty Warren is forgoing his $ 250,000 offseason workout bonus , he says , because no amount of money is worth having his kids see their father without a college degree .
A possible NFL lockout in 2011 , which has him thinking more about life after his playing career , also is on his mind .
That 's why as the Patriots opened their voluntary offseason program Monday , the 29 - year - old Warren was home in Bryan , Texas , with his wife , Kesha , and their three kids , Brionna , Brielle and Bailey .
" I try to put the kids in the best educational system possible and I think there is something to be said for their father , who has been blessed to play in the NFL and do something he 's loved to do , going back and finishing what he started , " Warren said from the campus of Texas A&M .
" In the big picture , I think it 's important for me to do what I 'm doing .
I can sacrifice that bonus for that . "
This marks the first time in Warren 's eight seasons with New England that he will not attend any significant parts of the offseason program .
He 's had other offseasons in which he 's trained in Florida with noted strength coach Tom Shaw before returning to Foxborough , but this year he does n't plan to be back except for mandatory sessions prior to training camp .
When Warren was selected by the Patriots in the first round of the 2003 NFL draft , he said he always had it in the back of his mind to return to A&M for his degree .
If he was n't on back - to - back Super Bowl championship teams in his first two seasons , he believes he would have earned his degree sooner .
As it stands , Warren is on pace to walk in graduation next spring .
He 's majoring in agriculture leadership and development and already has his post - playing career in mind ; he hopes to help those at A &M get more involved in the local community .
" If we end up having a lockout in 2011 , that 's where you can find me , working with students , " Warren said .
And even if there is n't a lockout , Warren is thinking beyond next year .
" If I 'm fortunate enough to play 12 , 13 years , but then find myself getting cut in training camp , I 'm not going to put myself in a situation where I do n't have my degree , " he said .
" I 'm not going to give myself up like that .
I need to have options , so I feel like right now is a time where I need to dictate what I 'm doing in the offseason .
HSBC has offered an unreserved apology to customers About 24,000 clients of HSBC 's private banking operation in Switzerland had personal details stolen by a former employee , the company has admitted .
In December , HSBC said that just 10 account holders were affected by the theft , which happened three years ago .
The information stolen concerns 15,000 accounts that are still active .
Another 9,000 accounts have been closed since the theft .
HSBC says that it does not think the data can be used to access accounts .
" We deeply regret this situation and unreservedly apologise to our clients for this threat to their privacy , " said Alexandre Zeller , chief executive of HSBC Private Bank ( Suisse ) .
" We are determined to protect our clients ' interests and are taking every necessary measure to do so , actively contacting all our clients with Swiss - based accounts , " he said .
The former employee , Herve Falciani , who worked in HSBC's IT division , fled to France while under investigation in Switzerland .
French authorities subsequently seized the data , and then passed it to the Swiss Federal Prosecutor .
Switzerland 's financial and banking regulator said it had launched " formal administrative proceedings against HSBC " over the security breach , adding that the stolen data was " extensive " .
HSBC , which first learnt of a data breach in December 2008 , said it had since invested 100 m
Swiss francs ( $ 93.3 m ; £ 62.3 m ) to upgrade and improve the security of its data systems .
Mr Zeller said , however , that it was " still unclear how Falciani managed to steal the information " .
He said that HSBC had only become aware of the extent of the leak after Swiss authorities received the information from France and then alerted the bank on 3 March .
HSBC said that the account holders were based in several European countries , including Britain .
Tax evasion News of the theft comes as the US and some countries in Europe try to crack down on tax evasion through the use of overseas accounts .
In recent years there has been pressure on Switzerland and Liechtenstein to become more transparent about accounts held there .
This is thought to have led to some bank employees stealing account data and passing it to tax authorities .
In Germany , an anonymous informer has offered to sell data stolen from an unnamed Swiss bank to tax officials .
Previously , Germany bought similar stolen data about clients of a bank in Liechtenstein .
Some of this information was handed to tax authorities in the UK , which is also thought to have paid for the data .
French tax authorities are thought to be investigating up to 3,000 of its nationals using bank accounts outside the country .
Government authorities have defended paying for stolen data as in the public interest .
However , the practice has been strongly criticised .
The UK's Revenue & Customs ( HMRC ) office paid around £ 100,000 for information about its taxpayers with bank accounts in Liechtenstein , according to accountants UHY Hacker Young .
" Paying criminals for data stolen from banks is highly questionable , " said the firm 's tax partner , Roy Maugham .
" If people know that there is a market for this data , they will steal it in expectation that HMRC or another tax authority will hand over a six figure sum , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What is a ' hold ' ?
The news of the day , as I mentioned earlier , is that Richard Shelby has decided to place a hold on everything that eats , breathes or moves unless Alabama gets a couple billion more in pork .
Before we take a step further on this , it 's worth noting that Shelby is doing exactly what Ben Nelson did , but attaching a larger price tag to his demands :
He 's threatening to obstruct Senate business unless his state gets billions in giveaways .
Nelson settled for hundreds of millions .
Nebraskans must be pissed .
But put all that aside : Shelby is putting a " hold " on all of Barack Obama 's pending nominees .
So , uh , what 's a hold ?
The first thing to understand is that there 's no such procedural move as a " hold . "
It 's not something senators have in their special senatorial utility belts .
Instead , a " hold " is shorthand for a promise to obstruct all further consideration of a particular piece of Senate business .
The best explanation of how this works came from David Waldman , and I encourage you to read it in full .
But here 's the short version :
The Senate generally uses unanimous consent agreements to set the rules for a bill or a nomination .
A hold , in its simplest form , is a promise to object to unanimous consent .
Okay , then what ?
The action in question can still come to the floor .
But all bets are off .
In practice , this means a filibuster of some sort is on .
Let 's say that Shelby does n't have 40 other Republicans lined up to stop all Senate business unless Alabama gets its pork .
In theory , that means Harry Reid can just call a cloture vote and break his filibuster .
Problem solved , right ?
Sort of .
People think of the filibuster in terms of defeating a bill .
But they do n't think about the power it has to keep the Senate from doing anything else .
But that 's the power the hold uses .
To break a filibuster , the majority leader has to file for cloture .
Then there 's a two - day waiting period before a vote .
Then there 's a 30 - hour post - vote debate period .
And voting on one bill might require breaking multiple filibusters , because the motion to proceed to debate can be filibustered and the amendments can be filibustered and the motion to vote can be filibustered and each filibuster requires the same lengthy workaround .
Even if you can crush every one of these filibusters without breaking a sweat , you 've still just seen a whole week -- or maybe much more -- of the Senate 's time chewed up .
That 's why holds are effective on bills and nominations that people do n't care about :
The majority does n't want to waste that much time breaking the obstruction of the minority .
This is n't health - care reform , after all .
It 's the nomination of Sandford Blitz to be federal co-chairman of the Northern Border Regional Commission .
Is breaking a hold on Sandford Blitz really a good reason to delay a jobs bill for a week ?
But Shelby has likely overplayed his hand .
The reason holds work is that they 're small enough , and rare enough , that they never rise to the level of something the majority can't live with .
Shelby , in putting a hold on all pending nominations , just made holds very big indeed .
And he did it for the most pathetic and parochial of reasons : pork for his state .
If the Democrats have any sense at all , Shelby 's hold is about to become as famous as Nelson 's deal .
Photo credit : Dennis Brack / Bloomberg News .
Have you ever called your parents to ask for money ?
Did you notice they were more likely to say yes if you ’d had lots of other conversations with them about the cool stuff happening in your life and the important things you had planned ?
Your donors are a kind of like that .
They love your organization and they want to support it in every way they can .
When you succeed they feel ( rightly so ) like they helped make it happen .
When you hit rough times , they want to help .
When you have good news , they want to hear it .
When you are about to start something new , they want to know that too .
When you ignore them for months and then get in touch just to ask for money , they get cranky .
Sound familiar ?
But how should you stay in touch ?
The weekly phone call may work well for family but it ’s unmanageable for a mailing list of any size .
What you need is a way to communicate with all of your donors at once in a way that still feels personal and makes it easy for them to respond if they wish .
You need an e-mail marketing service .
Why can’t I just e-mail everyone the normal way ?
If you are sending messages to more than 100 people at a time , sending the message though your regular e-mail provider is a good way to get flagged as a spammer–if that happens not only will your donors miss this particular message , no e-mail from your organization will be delivered until you get your name off the blacklist .
Even if your list has less than 100 e-mail addresses , an e-mail service is a better bet because it allows you to track who is opening your messages and what links they are clicking on –which helps you see which elements of your work are creating the most buzz .
Here ’s the free part
Most e-mail marketing services are reasonably priced ( between $ 15 - 30 per month ) but Vertical Response lets 501 ( c ) 3 non-profit organizations send up to 10,000 e-mails each month for free .
All you have to do is register for a regular account ( no payment is required ) and then submit the non-profit application form .
Your application will be reviewed and in 2 - 3 days you ’ll receive 10,000 free credits .
Each month your remaining credits expire and you get 10,000 new credits–so as long as you do n’t send more than 10,000 e-mails per month the service costs your organization nothing .
Update :
There is now a potentially better option for nonprofits , so check out this updated post before you make a final decision .
Is this the best e-mail service on the market ?
Um , no .
It ’s the free - est ( for nonprofits ) e-mail service on the market .
It has the basic features you need to get started so it ’s an easy ( and did I mention free ) way to get your feet wet .
They have lots of free templates and if you have even a very basic grasp of HTML and graphic design you will be able to customize the colors and photos in your layout to match the feel of your organization .
If you have no marketing budget to speak of , or if your boss needs to see results before she spends money on “ new fangled technology , ” the Vertical Response non-profit program may be just what you need .
If flexibility and a strong feature set is more important to you than price , or if your organization plans to send more than 10,000 e-mails per month , Vertical Response may not be the right choice for you .
Try Aweber instead–they also have a discount rate for non-profits .
Now that you have a format , you need a message .
Do n’t know what to write about ?
Check out Sonia Simone ’s great e-mail class on creating great newsletter content .
( I know she refers to the class as “ marketing ” and says it ’s about reaching your “ customers ” but I promise it is absolutely applicable to communicating with your donors and reaching new people who will become your future donors . )
Leave a link to your new newsletter in the comments , I ’d love to see what you have to say !
Scientists are hot on the tail of one of nature ?s mostelusive substances , the mysterious dark matter that is thought to make up thebulk of the universe .
Many scientists think dark matter might even be hidingright under our noses here on Earth .
Dark matter is especially tricky to find because of its darknature .
In fact , scientists don ?t know what it is .
It doesn?t emit or reflectany light , so the most powerful telescopes have no hope of spying it directly .
It has been thought to exist since the 1970s based on observations of gravity ?
seffects on large - scales , such as among and between galaxies ?
regularmatter can ?t account for the amount of gravity at work .
And darkmatter doesn?t often interact with most other matter , scientists theorize .
One idea is that it flies right through the Earth , your house , and your bodywithout bouncing off atoms .
Some scientists have taken to underground searches in hopesof catching just a few out of the multitude of dark matter particles in a rareinstance of actually bouncing off of a regular particle .
? They ?re just streaming right though us , and every once in whilethere ?s an interaction , ? said Angela Reisseter of the University of Minnesota , a member of a project called the CryogenicDark Matter Search ( CDMS ) .
She spoke this month at the meeting of the American Physical Society in Washington , D.C .
Dark matter detected ? or was it ?
In a recent issue of the journal Science Express , Reisseterand her colleagues reported finding two possibleevents that may or may not be dark matter impacts on their detectors .
? Our previous results have been no , no , no , ?
Reisseter said .?
This is our first maybe ?
that is all it is .?
The CDMS is buried in a mine in Minnesota underneath about766 yards ( 700 meters ) of rock , plastic , lead , copper and other materialsdesigned to stop everything but dark matter from reaching the experiment ?
thuscosmic rays and other particles that might be confused for dark matterparticles will mostly be eliminated .
The detectors themselves are basically small , hockey - puckshaped blocks of the elements germanium and silicon .
If the nucleus from one ofthe germanium or silicon atoms is hit by a dark matter particle , then it willrebound and send a signal to the detector .
However the researchers can ?t be absolutely sure that thetwo signals they measured were dark matter and not some other particle , whichthey call background .
Two signals is just too few to be confident of , they said , because their calculations predicted about one false event from background .
?
If it was one , we ?d say ?
Oh , it ?s the background .?
If itwas three you start to say ?
Oh , it ?s a signal , ??
Reisseter said .
?
We can ?t callit background and we can ?t call it signal .?
The CDMS team intends to keep running their experiment atever more sensitive levels in hopes that a more substantial signal isdiscovered .
Dark matter hunt goes on
Other attempts to track down dark matter on Earth havefocused on powerful particle accelerators that speed up subatomic particles toclose to the speed of light and then smash them together , hoping the incrediblyhigh collision energies create exotic particles , including dark matter .
But even with our increasingly powerful atom smashers , nosign of dark matter has yet been spotted .
? You have to ask why would this be ?? said Sarah Eno of the University of Maryland .
?
Why would the particle that makes up most of the matterin the universe never have been seen in our accelerators ??
One reason could be that they just are n?t powerful enough .
Scientists aren?t sure how massive the dark matter particle might be , andcertain possibilities require extremely high energies to create them in thelaboratory .
Or it might be impossible find at any accelerator .
? We don?t know for a fact that the dark mater particle is aparticle we would be able to produce and detect , ?
Eno said .
The best hope now could be a new particle accelerator ?
the LargeHadron Collider ( LHC ) near Geneva , Switzerland ?
that is the largest everbuilt .
It opened recently and is n?t yet running at full speed .
When it does , many are holding out hope that dark matter will finally be pinned down .
? It could be that now we have this new machine we ?ll finallyhave enough energy to make this dark matter particle and see it in ourcollisions , ?
Eno said .
She is a member of the Compact Muon Solenoid experimentteam at the LHC .
A little more detail :
What makes this simulation special is the speed at which everything is computed .
Javascript ( the language this is written in ) is not exactly the most efficient language for this type of computation .
This being said , much time was spent squeezing out every little detail that slows things down .
The most computationally expensive part is trying to satisfy the constraints .
To do this requires the calculation of distance between two points .
This is easy to do with a little math , but that often involves an expensive square root .
This is something that cannot simply be thrown out either , so what do you do ?
You approximate it .
There are lots of mathematical tools for approximating functions , in this case I chose the first couple terms of a taylor expansion .
" Boring ! " you say .
No .
Not boring .
Beautiful ...
Maybe a little more detail :
Another pretty neat thing about this simulation is how all the constraints are satisfied .
As I mentioned above , a constraint is basically a rule that controls the distance between two points .
So for example if a point has moved too far away from its constrained counterpart , the constraint will suck it back in .
What makes this a little trickier is the fact that we have several constraints attached to a single point .
This means that this point is going to be constantly jerked around when the constraint satisfaction process begins to execute .
In terms of visuals , the cloth would become really springy , jittery and all around unnatural looking .
As it turns out there is a really simple solution to this problem .
Instead of satisfying all the constraints just once , you simply satisfy them several times before updating the screen .
In the case of this cloth simulation all I needed to do was try satisfying the constraints twice .
But for things like simple rope simulations it may be necessary to satisfy several times ( maybe 4 or 5 ) .
The more times you satisfy , the more rigid the constraint becomes .
This process is known as relaxation and is pretty darn cool .
Knowledge is power :
If you 're interested here are some links :
" Theres no such thing as no such thing . "
C.M .
A leading anti-abortion webmaster who is widely known for his extremist tactics is behind a new Internet site taking aim at gay and abortion rights supporters with ties to Kenya .
Neal Horsley — best known for his “ Nuremberg Files ” website targeting physicians who provide abortions — now controls ProjectSEE.com .
( " SEE " stands for Stop Exporting Evil ! )
Horsley ’s latest website features “ Not Wanted ” posters with the photographs and , in some cases , contact information of purported gay rights activists and abortion providers working in Kenya .
It lists the names of others , along with an appeal to “ send us INFO ! ”
The website encourages readers to print out the posters and distribute them in the United States and Kenya .
( Abortion laws are highly restrictive in Kenya and homosexual activity is illegal .
In recent weeks , Kenyan activists have reported a rash of anti-gay violence , including the Feb. 12 beating of a man outside a health center that provides HIV / AIDS services , according to Human Rights Watch . )
“ Project SEE Coalition roving photojournalists on the ground in Africa and the USA are currently gathering evidence which we hope will lead to the arrest and conviction of members [ of ] the international conspiracy to violate anti-abortion and anti-sodomy laws worldwide , ” the website states .
Elsewhere , it adds : “ We advocate that abortionists and women determined to murder babies be driven back into filthy back alleys like other murderers , and advocate ‘ homosexuals ’ be likewise driven back into the closet , arrested and prosecuted for sodomy according to God ’s law . ”
One of those targeted by the website is Kenneth Hieber , who owns a New York - based travel company , Gay2A frika , Inc. , that caters to gays and lesbians .
“ I was repulsed .
Absolutely repulsed , ” Hieber , whose photograph appears on “ Not Wanted ” posters published on ProjectSEE.com , told Hatewatch .
The posters refer to Hieber as a “ shoga ” — a derogatory Swahili term for homosexual — and one of them includes a biblical verse in Swahili ( Leviticus 20:13 ) calling for the death penalty for homosexuals .
( “ If a man also lie with mankind , as he lieth with a woman , both of them have committed an abomination ; they shall surely be put to death .
Their blood shall be upon them , ” according to the King James version . )
The website also identifies Hieber as the CEO of Gay2A frika and provides Hieber ’s work address and phone number .
Emblazoned on a snapshot of the Gay2A frika website are the words , “ Is Homo - Sex - Tourism Coming to your Town ? ”
Hieber said this characterization of Gay2A frika is false .
“ We are a company that serves with the utmost dignity and respect the gay and lesbian traveler to Africa .
To even begin to contemplate that we are potentially selling sex tourism is absurd . ”
He also said ProjectSEE.com has made him sufficiently concerned that he is increasing security for himself and his staff .
“ I feel very threatened personally , ” said Hieber , a naturalized U.S. citizen from South Africa .
Hieber E- mailed Go Daddy , the website host for ProjectSEE.com , which urged him to ask his local law enforcement agency to investigate and then to contact Go Daddy if the website needed to be taken down , according to an E- mail Hieber forwarded from Go Daddy ’s Abuse Department .
( Hieber said he contacted the New York Police Department shortly after discovering the website on March 8 .
Officers said they did not believe the website constituted a direct threat , though they would consult with their legal department .
Hieber has n’t yet heard back from the NYPD , which did not respond to a request for comment from Hatewatch . )
Christine Jones , general counsel for Go Daddy , said the company has checked the Web links it received in the complaint about ProjectSEE.com .
“ Because there ’s nothing that ’s per se illegal , even though there seem to be things that could offend some people , our current position is we ’re going to leave it up , ” she said .
As it did with Hieber , the company typically asks people to speak to their local police about whether there ’s a legitimate threat .
“ We ’re not in a position to be the decider of fact in these cases , ” Jones said .
Horsley , 65 , of Carollton , Ga. , is listed as the registrant and administrator for ProjectSEE.com , which in some ways resembles a toned - down version of his “ Nuremberg Files . ”
In the late 1990s , the self - described former marijuana trafficker created the online listing of abortion providers and other supporters of abortion rights , with the names of those who ’d been murdered crossed out and the names of those who ’d been wounded in gray .
This website became a central issue in a civil lawsuit brought by Planned Parenthood and several abortion doctors against some of the nations most hard - line anti-abortion activists and groups .
( Horsley was not a party to the lawsuit . )
Though there were no explicit calls for violence on the website , a federal jury decided in 1999 that it constituted a “ true threat ” and thus was not protected by the First Amendment .
The plaintiffs were awarded $ 107 million .
The trial judge also ordered Horsley to take down his website .
Even after a federal appeals court largely affirmed the verdict , Horsley was undeterred .
By 2001 , he ’d launched his www.abortioncams.com website , which featured videos and photos of patients entering and leaving abortion facilities .
In 2008 , he was found guilty of obscenity for a campaign sign showing the head of an aborted fetus .
Earlier this month , Atlanta police arrested Horsley and charged him with making terroristic threats , disseminating threats through the Internet and criminal defamation , according to the Fulton County Sheriff ’s Office .
The Atlanta Journal - Constitution reported that the charges stemmed from threats he allegedly made against the singer Elton John , who told Parade magazine that he believes Jesus was gay .
Horsley was released yesterday from Fulton County Jail after posting a $ 40,000 bond .
Horsley did not respond to several phone and E - mail messages this week .
Also promoting ProjectSEE.com is Michael Bray of Wilmington , Ohio , who was convicted in connection with a series of 1984 bombings in Maryland , Delaware and Washington , D.C.
The bombings targeted clinics , the American Civil Liberties Union and the National Abortion Federation , a trade association of abortion providers .
According to Bray , the 1993 killing of abortion doctor David Gunn was a “ rational way of following the Operation Rescue dictum : ‘ If you believe abortion is murder , then act like it . ’ ”
Shortly before the trial of Michael Griffin for Dr. Gunn ’s murder , Bray was among 34 signers of a “ defensive action statement ” that asserted Griffin was justified if he killed Gunn because he did it to save the lives of unborn children .
Bray , 57 , is listed as a contact on ProjectSEE.com and endorses the site in an online statement .
In a brief phone interview , he said he ’d given support to the site , but was not directly involved in it .
Meanwhile , the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Campaign , the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation ( GLAAD ) and other human rights and faith - based groups are discussing how to challenge the website without further endangering the leaders in Africa who are being targeted by it .
Jonathan O’Toole , the ProjectSEE.com editor , did not return a phone message seeking comment .
The world 's largest atom smasher has set a record for high - energy particle collisions in its search for the mysteries of the universe .
Scientists were jubilant as the $ 10 billion Large Hadron Collider fired up after a long repair period .
GENEVA ( AP ) 
The world 's largest atom smasher conducted its first experiments at conditions nearing those after the Big Bang , breaking its own record for high - energy collisions with proton beams crashing into each other Tuesday at three times more force than ever before .
In a milestone for the $ 10 billion Large Hadron Collider 's ambitious bid to reveal details about theoretical particles and microforces , scientists at the European Organization for Nuclear Research , or CERN , collided the beams and took measurements at a combined energy level of 7 trillion electron volts .
The collisions herald a new era for researchers working on the machine in a 17 - mile ( 27 - kilometer ) tunnel below the Swiss - French border at Geneva .
" That 's it !
They 've had a collision , " said Oliver Buchmueller from Imperial College in London as people closely watched monitors .
In a control room , scientists erupted with applause when the first successful collisions were confirmed .
Their colleagues from around the world were tuning in by remote links to witness the new record , which surpasses the 2.36 TeV CERN recorded last year .
Dubbed the world 's largest scientific experiment , researchers hope the machine can approach on a tiny scale what happened in the first split seconds after the Big Bang , which they theorize was the creation of the universe some 14 billion years ago .
The extra energy in Geneva is expected to reveal even more about the unanswered questions of particle physics , such as the existence of antimatter and the search for the Higgs boson , a hypothetical particle that scientists theorize gives mass to other particles and thus to other objects and creatures in the universe .
Tuesday 's initial attempts at collisions were unsuccessful because problems developed with the beams , said scientists working on the massive machine .
That meant the protons had to be " dumped " from the collider and new beams had to be injected .
The atmosphere at CERN was tense considering the collider 's launch with great fanfare on Sept. 10 , 2008 .
Nine days later , the project was sidetracked when a badly soldered electrical splice overheated , causing extensive damage to the massive magnets and other parts of the collider some 300 feet below the ground .
It cost $ 40 million to repair and improve the machine .
Since its restart in November 2009 , the collider has performed almost flawlessly and given scientists valuable data .
It quickly eclipsed the next largest accelerator — the Tevatron at Fermilab near Chicago .
Two beams of protons began 10 days ago to speed at high energy in opposite directions around the tunnel , the coldest place in the universe , at a couple of degrees above absolute zero .
CERN used powerful superconducting magnets to force the two beams to cross , creating collisions and showers of particles .
" Experiments are collecting their first physics data — historic moment here ! " a scientist tweeted on CERN 's official Twitter account .
" Nature does it all the time with cosmic rays ( and with higher energy ) but this is the first time this is done in Laboratory ! " said another tweet .
When collisions become routine , the beams will be packed with hundreds of billions of protons , but the particles are so tiny that few will collide at each crossing .
The experiments will come over the objections of some people who fear they could eventually imperil Earth by creating micro black holes — subatomic versions of collapsed stars whose gravity is so strong they can suck in planets and other stars .
CERN and many scientists dismiss any threat to Earth or people on it , saying that any such holes would be so weak that they would vanish almost instantly without causing any damage .
Bivek Sharma , a professor at the University of California at San Diego , said the images of the first crashed proton beams were beautiful .
" It 's taken us 25 years to build , " he said .
" This is what it 's for .
Finally the baby is delivered .
Now it has to grow . "
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
LONDON–The National Trust , a charity dedicated to saving natural and historic places in England , Wales and Northern Ireland , is offering stressed - out workers 10 minutes of calm – bottled up in a jar full of nothing but fresh air .
That 's the effect , it says , of the air which comes from some of the country 's favourite beauty spots .
The glass jars are being handed out to workers in London who can choose from a variety of aromas including the lakeside smell of Windermere in Cumbria and the grassy tang of Stourhead in Wiltshire .
" With most of us living in an urban environment and having little time to escape to the great outdoors , we thought it was about time the National Trust shared just a fraction of our copious amounts of fresh air with the nation , " said Trust spokesman Andrew McLaughlin .
He said a study showed 74 per cent of workers admit they feel stressed every day but 70 per cent say escaping to the countryside makes them feel instantly relaxed .
The Trust is offering the jars as part of a promotion to publicize a weekend of free entrance to its attractions .
Even most of the law 's most avid advocates admit that it is flawed .
The flaws are not that it goes too far , but that it does n't go far enough .
The Republicans and their enablers deserve most of the blame , for that ; but we have to keep working to move health care reform forward .
The first steps , for now , should be the best steps to plug the loopholes in the new law .
The quickest and most obvious of those steps is to repeal the insurance industry antitrust exemption .
It 's good policy and it 's good politics .
President Obama wants to repeal the antitrust exemption .
By an overwhelming 406 - 19 margin , the House already voted to repeal the antitrust exemption .
All that 's left is for the Senate to vote for the repeal , and it will be done .
This should n't be difficult .
That huge House margin speaks for itself .
The politics of the repeal is obvious .
Even Republicans know that they can't justify an antitrust exemption for a despised rapacious industry .
They also know that they can't continue to get away with even pretending to believe in market - based solutions , if they 're allowing those markets to be controlled and manipulated by a narrow few .
Bring the repeal to the Senate floor , and it will pass .
Bring the repeal to the Senate floor .
On policy grounds , the repeal will greatly enhance the new health insurance law .
The exchanges cannot now guarantee anything close to adequate choice , when the insurers are legally allowed to collude to deny adequate choice .
Repealing the exemption will force insurers actually to compete with each other , and the market then may force some insurers into competing for customers , by providing superior plans .
If a market - based system can work , that 's the only possible way for it to work .
Force the insurers to compete with each other .
Give the public legitimate choices .
This one should n't be difficult .
It 's excellent framing , in that it will show that Democrats will continue to work to improve the health care system .
It 's excellent politics , in that Republicans dare not oppose it .
It 's excellent policy , in that it plugs a very real loophole in the new law .
And it 's but one Senate vote from getting done .
Call your Senators .
Call Senators Reid and Durbin .
Repeal the antitrust exemption .
Now .
Majority Leader Harry Reid : 202-224-3542
Assistant Majority Leader Dick Durbin : 202-224-2152
A reminder to those of you in the New York area to join us tomorrow at the U.N. Commission on the Status of Women for a film screening and discussion about the human rights of domestic workers .
For decades , nannies , caregivers , and housekeepers have been excluded from most U.S. labor protections – a legacy of slavery , Jim Crow , and the undervaluation of " women 's work . "
The lack of regula­tion combined with the isolated nature of domestic work makes these women particularly vulnerable to human rights abuses , breeding the global phenomenon of human trafficking .
As the U.N. Commission on the Status of Women undertakes a 15 - year review of the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action , this public forum will call attention to the failure of the U.S. and other governments to live up to their obligations under interna­tional human rights law to protect this critical workforce .
The event will begin with a screening of Behind Closed Doors , a short documentary film about the exploitation and labor trafficking of South Asian women as domestic workers in the United States .
The filmmakers , Pracheta Sharma and Jessica Hopper , will introduce the film , which will be followed by a panel discussion with domestic workers and advocates engaged in local , national , and international movements to protect the human rights of domestic workers and re-value their labor .
COMMUNICATIONS
Minister Stephen Conroy concedes greater oversight of which websites will be banned under the Government 's mandatory internet filter is needed but has ruled out making the list public .
The Federal Government plans to introduce a filter aimed at blocking access to illegal material such as child pornography or content refused classification ( RC ) by the Australian Communications and Media Authority .
But the blacklist put together by the communications watchdog has not been made public , raising concerns that governments can impose censorship without proper oversight .
Senator Conroy today conceded greater transparency was needed in terms of what was deemed RC material .
" We have a discussion paper that we 've issued calling for increased transparency measures , " he said .
The measures were needed to make sure governments could not slip things onto the list , he said .
However , Senator Conroy said making the list public would undermine what the internet filter policy was designed to achieve .
" Out of all the issues in the filter ( policy ) this is the one that 's caused me the most thought because a URL address is just that , it 's an address , " he told ABC Radio tonight .
" When you publish a list of titles of books that are banned , or movies that are banned , you do n't give access to the materials by producing that list .
" The problem when you produce a list of URLs is you are actually giving the address of where to go and look . "
Some of the world 's largest providers of internet services , including Google and Yahoo , have criticised the Government 's plans to introduce a filter , describing the move as heavy - handed .
Google said last week that while protecting the free exchange of ideas and information could not be without some limits , people should retain the right to freedom of expression .
The US administration has also raised concerns about the plan .
A State Department official has reportedly said it was contrary to US foreign policy of encouraging open internet access and the spread of economic growth and global security .
ENOM SOFT A WEB DESIGNING AND DEVELOPMENT COMPANY
ENOMSOFT is now a popular name in the world of Web Designing , Layout Design and Web Development .
Served by a team of professional Web Designers and Web Developers , with years of experience in this field , the company is always ready with cutting edge solutions for all your needs .
The innovative techniques and the dedicated service of the team have helped us earn a positive reputation in this field , within a short span of time .
Our technical team has provided assistance to some of the reputed organization in different parts of the world and has formed a loyal client base .
The cutting edge service offered by us , have helped clients to stay ahead in this competitive market .
Web Designing or Layout Design Services provided by us is a perfect blend of professionalism and creativity .
We know that the requirement for every client varies a lot and so we offer Custom Web Page Designing for every other business .
Our team will at first chalk out what the client ’s require and then they will offer some sample layouts .
Once our client approves the design , we execute the task .
The Web Pages Designed by us is enriched with appropriate graphical content and remains user - friendly at the same time .
Being a professional and experienced Web Designing Company , we select Web Design and Web Development Services depending on the requirements of clients .
Along with Web Designing or Layout Designing , we have a dedicated team for taking care of the Web Development works .
They keep themselves updated with the latest Web Development Services and offer the appropriate service depending on the requirement of the client .
Depending on the types of web portals or business requirements , our team offers different types of plug-ins and web development tools for making the website completely functional .
Our team of experts not only values your money but also know the importance of your time .
We offer you an estimated time frame required for completing the work and make sincere efforts , to complete the work before time .
We keep you updated with the progresses made from our end .
Not only that but also we make sure that the Custom Web Page Designing and Web Designing and Layout Design works done by us are flawless .
The strategic design combined with years of expertise is surely an added advantage for any online business portal .
" A local SNCF official put it up on certain local trains in the area after using this unfortunate language .
We have alerted all SNCF officials in the area who are looking for the posters .
They will be taken down immediately when found . "
Published online 24 March 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.147
News
Trend could exacerbate global warming .
Emissions of carbon dioxide from soil have increased in the last 50 years - but why is unclear .
A. Rohde / iStockphoto
Soils around the globe have increased their emissions of carbon dioxide over the past few decades , according to an analysis of 439 studies .
The findings1 , published in Nature today , match predictions that increasing temperatures will cause a net release of carbon dioxide from soils by triggering microbes to speed up their consumption of plant debris and other organic matter .
Ben Bond - Lamberty and Allison Thomson , terrestrial carbon research scientists at the University of Maryland 's Joint Global Change Research Institute in College Park , conducted the study by stitching together almost 50 years of soil - emissions data — 1,434 data points — from 439 studies around the world .
To compare measurements , the researchers accounted for differences between the studies , such as mean annual temperatures and techniques used to gauge carbon dioxide levels .
They totalled the data for each year to create a global estimate of soil respiration — the flux of carbon dioxide from the ground into the atmosphere .
The researchers found that soil respiration had increased by about 0.1 % per year between 1989 and 2008 , the span when soil measurement techniques had become standardized .
In 2008 , the global total reached roughly 98 billion tonnes , about 10 times more carbon than humans are now putting into the atmosphere each year .
The change within soils " is a slow increase , but the absolute number is so large , even a small percentage increase is quite a bit , " says Bond - Lamberty .
" There are a few plausible explanations for this trend , but the most tempting , and perhaps most likely explanation is that increasing temperatures have increased rates of decomposition of soil organic matter , which has increased the flow of CO 2 , " says Eric Davidson , a biogeochemist at the Woods Hole Research Center in Falmouth , Massachusetts .
" If true , this is an important finding : that a positive feedback to climate change is already occurring at a detectable level in soils . "
Unknown cause
The extra soil emissions could come from two types of sources : microbes and plants .
If plant roots are emitting more carbon dioxide , the additional flux could be balanced by increasing rates of photosynthesis , resulting in no net increase in atmospheric carbon dioxide .
In contrast , warming soils could prompt microbes to break down old sources of carbon that have been locked away for a long time .
This would cause a net increase in the atmosphere 's store of carbon dioxide .
Although the study shows an increase in respiration , it can't distinguish between the two potential causes .
ADVERTISEMENT
Researchers who study soil carbon say they are impressed with the huge undertaking .
" It 's extremely difficult to compare soil respiration measurements between different experiments , let alone different regions of the world , " says Dustin Bronson from the University of Wyoming in Laramie .
William Schlesinger , president of the Cary Institute of Ecosystem Studies in Millbrook , New York , says the new study should motivate further work on the response of the carbon cycle to a warmer world .
Thomson and Bond - Lamberty agree that their work is just a beginning .
They have started an online global soil respiration database2 to which researchers can contribute additional studies as they are completed .
Over time , says Thomson , " we can see if this relationship holds up " .
On April 14th , 1970 , a new crater was carved into the surface of the Moon :
How do we know it 's new ?
Because we made it .
That 's the impact scar of the third stage of the Saturn V rocket ( technically designated S - IVB ) that carried Apollo 13 to -- but sadly , not on -- the Moon .
Earlier missions had placed seismic instruments on the lunar surface to measure if the Moon had any activity .
They found it did , and in fact several moonquakes were big enough that had you been standing there , you would have felt them quite strongly ( and probably been knocked on your spacesuit 's backside ) .
The S - IVB upper stage accelerated the astronauts to the Moon from Earth orbit .
Once that was done , they had one final mission : in Apollos 13 - 17 the stages were aimed at the Moon itself , and impacted a few days later .
The impacts were detected by the seismometers and could be used to determine how seismic waves travel through the lunar surface , a trick that 's been used on Earth for a long time .
This information can be used to figure out what the lunar subsurface structure is like .
The crater image above is from the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter , and shows the Apollo 13 booster impact .
The crater itself is a few dozen meters across , and the material ejected forms a blanket around it for many meters more .
The bright material indicates this is a fresh crater ; note how gray the more distant undisturbed material around the crater is .
The impact site looks obvious in that picture , does n't it ?
But try finding it in the original full - resolution image returned from LRO and see if you can locate it , then !
I found it relatively quickly starting at the top , and was shocked at how far I could trace the rays -- the linear ejected debris features around the crater -- from the impact site .
One of them is clearly about a kilometer long ... that 's over half a mile !
Those rays are from plumes of material ejected from the impact site , a common feature .
They also indicate the crater 's youth : over time , cosmic rays , the solar wind , and even thermal stress from the Moon 's day / night cycle slowly erase the rays .
Any crater with such extensive rays has to be young .
Some of the other S - IVB impact sites have been identified ; the LRO blog has an image of the Apollo 14 S - IVB crater , for example .
Knowing where these impact sites are helps scientists understand the Moon better , since it a more precise location means the data from the old Apollo missions can be interpreted more clearly .
I wonder if future colonists may visit those sites the way we do Plymouth Rock , or Jamestown , or other early exploration and colony sites on Earth ?
Credit : NASA , NASA / GSFC / Arizona State University
I am a computer programmer and racounteur entrepreneur based in Baltimore .
The U.S. economy was supposed to be turning a corner by now , but instead it looks like we are headed for an exceedingly painful winter .
All over the countr ...
11 hours ago
Apple has a big event planned for the end of the month , when the company is supposed to unveil its rumored tablet and perhaps a new iPhone OS , but the workers who make screens used by Apple are a lot more concerned about getting paid and whether they ’ve been made to work with hazardous materials .
Some 2,000 Chinese workers staged a five - hour protest over canceled bonus payments .
They work for Wintek , a Taiwanese company that makes screens for mobile devices made by Nokia , Apple and others .
Engadget has more on the story here .
— PZS
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Capitals are getting great goaltending and explosive offense .
It 's a combination no one has been able to stop .
The Capitals ' team - record winning streak stands at 13 games after a 5 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Thrashers on Friday night .
Alex Ovechkin scored his NHL - leading 39th goal and Michal Neuvirth made 43 saves to help keep alive the longest streak in the NHL in nearly nine years .
" It 's difficult to stay at a pace when every team you 're playing is coming at you in waves because they 're the ones who want to end it , " Capitals coach Bruce Boudreau said .
" The reason winning streaks are tough is because you have to be at the top of your game all the time . "
The 13 - game winning streak is the NHL 's longest since the New Jersey Devils won 13 straight in 2001 .
The last time a team had a longer streak was when the Pittsburgh Penguins set the NHL record with 17 in a row from March 9 to April 10 , 1993 .
" I think it does n't matter if they 're on a roll or not .
They 've been pretty good the last three years , " Atlanta goalie Ondrej Pavelec said .
" They 're just playing great . "
The Capitals also matched the franchise record of 10 consecutive home victories in a half - empty Verizon Center .
The game was announced as a sellout , but many fans stayed home as a snowstorm hit the nation 's capital .
Tobias Enstrom and Rich Peverley scored for the Thrashers , playing a day after trading scoring star Ilya Kovalchuk to New Jersey .
Neuvirth started in goal for Washington after being called up from AHL Hershey earlier in the day .
He ran into trouble less than three minutes into the game when Peverley 's shot bounced off Neuvirth 's shoulder and Enstrom scored on the rebound .
Neuvirth -- who has won four games for the Capitals during this streak -- made nearly every play the rest of the way .
After Washington took a 2 - 1 lead on Nicklas Backstrom 's goal 4 ½ minutes into the second period , Neuvirth faced a flurry of shots .
Atlanta had 22 shots in the period and Neuvirth stopped all of them .
The best was an acrobatic catch above his head as he fell to a sitting position on the ice late in the second period .
" I was not that sharp in the first but I think I was getting better every minute , " said Neuvirth , sent to Hershey on Jan. 31 .
Neuvirth 's play set up Washington to take control in the third period .
Goals by Alexander Semin and Jason Chimera 1:08 apart in the third period gave Washington a three - goal cushion .
An empty - net goal by Mike Green iced the win for the Capitals , who have n't lost since Jan. 12 at Tampa Bay .
" The guys want to win more than anything , " Boudreau said .
" That 's why they come out in the third period and they 're pretty well in control so far in the third period lately . "
Ovechkin tied it at 1 on a power play at 13:41 in the first period , after leaving the offensive zone to get a new stick from the bench .
Backstrom found Ovechkin with a pass as soon as he skated back across the blue line , and Ovechkin fired a slap shot past Pavelec .
Neuvirth could do little about Peverley 's short - handed goal in the third period .
The puck was knocked in by Semin , who slipped while trailing the play .
The Capitals will attempt to win their 14th straight against the Penguins at home Sunday .
" We want to win , but the most important thing is to win in the future , " Ovechkin said .
" Right now we keep winning , but we 're thinking about the playoffs and what we have to do to be better in the playoffs . "
In Dodgson ’s day , intellectuals still understood “ temper ” to mean the proportions in which qualities were mixed  as in “ tempered steel ”  so the Caterpillar is telling Alice not to avoid getting angry but to stay in proportion , even if she ca n’t “ keep the same size for 10 minutes together ! ”
Proportion , rather than absolute length , was what mattered in Alice ’s above - ground world of Euclidean geometry .
Image Credit ... Sophia Martineck
In an algebraic world , of course , this is n’t easy .
Alice eats a bit of mushroom and her neck elongates like a serpent , annoying a nesting pigeon .
Eventually , though , she finds a way to nibble herself down to nine inches , and enters a little house where she finds the Duchess , her baby , the Cook and the Cheshire Cat .
Chapter 6 , “ Pig and Pepper , ” parodies the principle of continuity , a bizarre concept from projective geometry , which was introduced in the mid-19th century from France .
This principle ( now an important aspect of modern topology ) involves the idea that one shape can bend and stretch into another , provided it retains the same basic properties  a circle is the same as an ellipse or a parabola ( the curve of the Cheshire cat ’s grin ) .
Taking the notion to its extreme , what works for a circle should also work for a baby .
So , when Alice takes the Duchess ’s baby outside , it turns into a pig .
The Cheshire Cat says , “ I thought it would . ”
The Cheshire Cat provides the voice of traditional geometric logic  say where you want to go if you want to find out how to get there , he tells Alice after she ’s let the pig run off into the wood .
He points Alice toward the Mad Hatter and the March Hare .
“ Visit either you like , ” he says , “ they ’re both mad . ”
The Mad Hatter and the March Hare champion the mathematics of William Rowan Hamilton , one of the great innovators in Victorian algebra .
Hamilton decided that manipulations of numbers like adding and subtracting should be thought of as steps in what he called “ pure time . ”
This was a Kantian notion that had more to do with sequence than with real time , and it seems to have captivated Dodgson .
In the title of Chapter 7 , “ A Mad Tea - Party , ” we should read tea -party as t- party , with t being the mathematical symbol for time .
Dodgson has the Hatter , the Hare and the Dormouse stuck going round and round the tea table to reflect the way in which Hamilton used what he called quaternions  a number system based on four terms .
In the 1860s , quaternions were hailed as the last great step in calculating motion .
Even Dodgson may have considered them an ingenious tool for advanced mathematicians , though he would have thought them maddeningly confusing for the likes of Alice ( and perhaps for many of his math students ) .
A southern Tasmanian man who prostituted a 12 - year - old girl to more than 100 clients will spend at least eight years in jail .
Gary John
Devine pleaded guilty to procuring sex with a young person and receiving a fee from child prostitution .
The court heard that last August and September the 51 - year - old placed newspaper advertisements for the girl 's services , saying she was 18 years old and new in town .
Devine made bookings and took a cut of the proceeds , charging $ 100 per half hour and an extra $ 50 if the man did not wear a condom .
The girl worked for two nights from a Hobart hotel and for a further four weeks from Devine 's house and at the home of a client .
The court heard that the girl has since been treated for sexually transmitted diseases , no longer attended school and had been spurned by her friends .
In her victim impact statement she said she would have to live with what was done to her for the rest of her life .
Justice Evans says some of Devine 's many prior convictions suggested he was contemptuous of females .
They included assaulting a pregnant woman .
He sentenced Devine to 10 years in jail with a non-parole period of eight years .
by T.G. on January 21 , 2010
Apocalyptic prophecies , as well as religion in general , easily garner an eye - roll from most everyone .
What we see on the surface is an extravagant threat made to cow non-believers into fear of eternal damnation , or slaughter at the hands of forces above themselves ; a desperate attempt to accrue validity to an ideology .
Growing up , it was hard for me to understand this subject as little more than it was presented to me , and I was firmly of the belief that these veiled threats were meant only to be ignored .
With adolescence came my insatiable desire to understand everything from an unbiased perspective , and this extended to religious thought .
Now , as I enter young adulthood , I feel that religion was never meant to create a description of the end - times as much as outline the general flow of events that is decay .
The Norsemen believed that the end would be heralded by a magnificent battle against forces of chaos destined to replace order and morality .
When we take a look at the world today , itâ€™s hard to tell them that theyâ€™re wrong .
Any sense of order or values is immediately regarded with suspicion by the majority populace .
Still , people desire to visually and ideologically appeal to others as unique , and so they seek to adorn themselves with personal symbols that simultaneously do not insult our desire to not apply standards to anyone around us .
Culture is appealing to these people , because the idea of being unique by being born into a culture creates a relatively easy method of standing out from the crowd .
What this creates is a purely aesthetic understanding of culture .
In the past , culture was a conduit for tradition , which encompassed the goals and values of a people .
Over time this tradition became engrained in the cultural aspects of a people , and so people born into that culture would be raised to interpret the world through their lens of tradition .
The various religious and civil duties of a people would be designed to accomplish the goals defined by a tradition , and eventually the people would work towards accomplishing these merely by participating within the shared culture of their people .
Tradition insults people .
It creates a standard by defining a course of action , and this is because those who are unable to follow that course of action are discarded or ignored .
Obviously this can become a problem in a society that values diversity , as people who interpret the world through their tradition are inevitably going to hold the people they meet to the standards set by their traditions .
This creates a tension between multiple cultures when one culture that does not understand the standards of another is brought under the scrutiny of them .
When we defined the modern world as a multi-cultural world , we beset ourselves with the responsibility of creating a solution to this tension .
The solution was reducing cultural values to a purely verbal or visual level .
When one thinks of Asian culture today , they think of Asian cuisine , like those eggrolls found in the frozen food aisle .
They think of robed people with long hair and paper dragons dancing through the streets .
They think of music played on Asian instruments , although not necessarily Asian in theme and purpose .
If one is to become Asian , all they have to do is adopt these aspects â€ “ even if they only do so for a month or so .
People decide to adopt the visual aspects of varying cultures as they appeal to them , or how they relate to their lives at that particular moment .
There is no devotion to the traditions and goals of a culture associated with adopting these aspects , and no great amount of effort goes into the adoption process beyond the shopping spree that occurs at the local Earthbound Trading Company .
If I can speak Asian , eat Asian food , and dress in the manner of an Asian , then I am Asian ; as far as those who analyze culture with a shallow perspective are concerned .
This same surface - level adoption process extends to ideology .
For the myriad of obscure problems we feel are facing the human race today , we have an equal amount of obscure solutions .
We become so convinced that the world operates on the same single principle that unites the ideologies that we prescribe to that we spend more time promoting our ideology than living in a manner which improves the conditions that affect us .
People will choose the ideology they associate themselves with based on how well they can disprove the ideology of others with it , and this belies our inability to understand anything outside of the social context created by our interaction with each other .
What sounds witty ( able to disprove the ideas of others ) or altruistic ( helpful to those we do not wish to be in the position of ) all too often trumps simply living in a manner you know is effective and productive .
All of this stems from the same shallow interpretation of the world that reduces culture to a verbal level , and it reduces ideology to this same level .
It is what reflects ourselves that we are concerned with , and truly we show little to no concern over the issues we so fervently discuss .
I once discussed welfare with an acquaintance of mine for almost two hours before she finally informed me that she was insulting me out of her anger at how inferior she feels in comparison to me , rather than her concern for the issue at hand .
We wear our ideas and our culture like clothing we buy at the department store .
How meaningful do you find your t- shirt ?
If you are like most people , it is only something you wear until it doesnâ€™t fit you anymore , after which it is immediately discarded .
Is this how we should act towards issues that concern the well - being of our people and our families ?
What relevance will you proving your opinion correct bear on the proliferation of crime , or corruption ?
For those who strongly adhere to their values , life can be truly frightening .
Such people are subject to scrutiny from all directions , as their refusal to compromise their standards for the sake of tolerance is a threat to the peace of mind of their fellow citizens .
Those who do not agree with these firm individuals will subject them to the same shallow discourse they engage in with others like themselves .
They argue only to prove their authority in their own minds , and demonize the intelligent in the process , as intelligence implies an effective course of action which may not always be preferred .
The choices of such intelligent individuals can even be perceived as useless in the face of such opposition , creating a sense of despair that so many actually concern themselves with such useless conversation .
This assault on the courage of such people is only heightened as they witness the other banal pursuits that their peers elect to spend their time upon : methods of avoiding responsibility , self - gratification , and justification of activities that do nothing to advance the well - being of themselves and their community .
With so many people unconcerned about their future , why should we even try ?
Itâ€™s a harrowing question , but to those who strive to reach higher goals , one thing redeems the slow collapse of order , and that is purpose .
Purpose is created when one defines a goal and focuses his actions towards achieving that end .
For purpose to exist there must be an obstacle to overcome , and it is here that the Norse myth of the end times , Ragnarok , unveils its beauty .
When chaos surges forth across the world to claim it , it will be successful because of the lack of those with strong enough morale to fight it .
But the Norse myths honor those who seek challenge , and thus seek to engage in life directly , and what better challenge than fighting a battle that seems overwhelming ?
This is a call to all the warriors of the world to fight against this challenge , and to keep the spirit of honoring life and creating meaning within it .
It is a gift to those who understand what makes life purposeful to be confronted with these times .
Many will feel tempted to become anachronistic , or to romantically pine for a better time , and these people have failed the challenge set before them .
At the end of Ragnarok , a time of understanding and wisdom descends upon the Earth , and the warriors who honored their traditions are hailed by their fathers in Valhalla , the realm of the Gods on high .
These warriors are not people who literally praise Odin , although some of those people fit the mold ; they are the people who maintain what they know is good , powerful , and meaningful in times when everyone has abandoned these things to recede into themselves .
By fighting hard to gain positions of power , and spread their influence to others who feel lost , they have created a desire to build something positive in the wake of collapse that occurs around us .
Their lifestyles prove through their results the positive results of their beliefs , and this will inspire generations of the intelligent who wish to find some sort of meaning in the world .
This transcendent idea , of crafting an idea that carries itself out through generations , is the realm of the Gods themselves .
By helping craft these ideas and beliefs , you are joining the Gods in this realm , and they will surely hail you for giving the fight of your life in the world of men .
Tags : Culture , Ragnarok , tradition
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Being immersed in art again made COVID - 19 disappear for a short time , writes Columnist Reva Nelson .
Opinion
How can I help my wife of 21 years get over her extreme mood swings ?
Ask Ellie
Horoscopes Horoscope for Wednesday , Sept. 30 , 2020
Opinion Heather Scoffield : Ottawa ’s billions to keep businesses alive will be wasted if we do n’t get COVID - 19 under control
NUEVA YORK | Mi�rcoles 03 de marzo de 2010
AP | El Universal
08:33
La voz de un ni�o se oye en grabaciones de cinco mensajes a pilotos que se preparaban a despegar el 17 de febrero .
El canal WFXT - TV de Boston obtuvo las grabaciones .
En un di�logo , el ni�o dice : '' JetBlue 171 contacto despegue ' ' .
Luego , la voz de un hombre desde la torre agrega : '' Eso es lo que pasa , muchachos , cuando los ni�os no tienen que ir a la escuela ' ' .
El ni�o luego autoriza un avi�n de Aerom�xico a despegar y le dice en espa�ol : '' Adi�s amigo ' ' .
La piloto de la aerol�nea mexicana responde : '' Contacto despegue .
Aerom�xico 403 . Adi�s '' .
La Administraci�n Federal de Aviaci�n dijo en un comunicado que '' mientras est� pendiente el resultado de nuestra investigaci�n , los empleados involucrados en este incidente no est�n controlando el tr�fico a�reo ' ' .
'' Esta conducta no es aceptable ' ' , agreg� .
cg
Civilization 5 First Impressions from GDC 2010
The new UI is streamlined , minimalistic , and functional .
While every option is n't presented by default , all of the options are a click - away .
Fans worried about a simplification based on Civilization Revolution should not fear .
Notifications are also handled by an icon system .
You wo n't have to follow laggy , scrolling text only to miss the blurb about your scout being killed by barbarians .
Mouseover the icon for a quick overview of the event ; click it to jump right to the point of interest .
In an effort to avoid the " stacks of doom " from previous titles , units will no longer be able to share tiles .
The developers at Firaxis want the player to have smaller armies that cost more to maintain instead victory going to the player that bankrupts themselves by cranking out units .
To this end , resources will play a major role in Civilization V .
In Civilization IV and previous entries , the Swordsman unit was unlocked once a player 's civ had obtained iron .
In Civ V , controlling one hex that contains iron will allow for exactly one Swordsman .
Players may not build more until they discover additional iron or the existing Swordsman meets an untimely demise ( or delete button ) .
Ranged combat also makes its debut as archers , previously maligned to a hard - counter role against certain units , will now be striking from a distance .
They are practically helpless in melee , but can help soften up enemy forces without any fear of reprisal .
This is extremely important as terrain attacking and defending bonuses ( hills , rivers , etc. ) are more important than ever .
Cities will now defend themselves with one unit able to garrison and lend a hand .
City upgrades will improve defense and add different properties .
City walls , for example , will not only grant a defensive bonus , but also allow your city to make a ranged attack .
This frees other units up to roam the countryside and get tactical .
No longer are your armies relegated to piling into your capital to repel invaders .
Fans of the religion system from Civ IV : you might want to sit down .
Your beloved system is gone .
The developers found that it added too much predictability to the diplomacy system .
For now , the only system Firaxis is talking about to replace religion are city - states .
In Civ V , in addition to the ever - present roaming barbarians , will be city - states : neutral factions that are limited to a single city .
If you befriend one , they might grant you a bonus every now and again ; militaristic city - states might offer up a combat unit , for example .
If you want an extra city , you can still attack and conquer city - states , but they might just be friendly with that full - on civilization you 're eyeing for domination .
You could find yourself in a war for your actions .
This all ties in to the new diplomacy system and improved computer AI .
Firaxis hopes that the AI will play like humans .
The AI are a bit more aware of what 's going on this time around .
Do n't expect a warm welcome from Bismarck if he 's spotted you massing units on his border ; he 's going to call you on this .
Finally , the conditions for a domination victory have been stream - lined , requiring you to control only the capital cities of every civ , which should help make these types of wins more feasible .
Sid Meier 's Civilization
V will be released this fall for the PC and will promptly take over my life .
I cannot wait to see more from this game .
Hopefully , the next time I see it will include some hands - on time .
ED #115 : Microsoft Windows 7 Service Pack 1 Roadmap
As successful as Windows 7 has been , everyone has been wondering when Microsoft will release Service Pack 1 for Windows 7 .
In fact , when Microsoft intends to release Windows 7 Service Pack 1 is of great interest to many corporations which make it a point to migrate to a new Microsoft operating system only after the first service pack is issued .
Our sources claim that Microsoft initially planned a long 22 month development period for Windows 7 Service Pack 1 .
Then the issue of a few serious bugs that would adversely affect performance in certain scenarios cropped up .
Microsoft has fixed some of them via patches and have the others in various stages ( alpha , beta , etc. ) of testing .
But these bugs made them push the SP1 deadline forward .
Right now , Microsoft does n't have an exact date for the release of Service Pack 1 for Windows 7 that we know of , but our source says that a mid-2010 release is not possible .
The earliest Microsoft can realistically release Service Pack 1 for Windows 7 is in the last quarter of 2010 .
Some projections are being bandied about - September , October , etc. but it 's too early at this point of time to actually pinpoint the month .
If you are already using Windows 7 , do n't worry too much about Service Pack 1 .
Microsoft has already released and will continue releasing bug fixes and updates via Windows Update .
Service Pack 1 for Windows 7 will merely be , for most part , a convenient compilation of these bug fixes and updates .
Update @ March 30 : Microsoft is attempting to wean us off our obsession with Service Pack 1 for Windows , declaring that it will consist mostly of " minor updates , among which are previous updates that are already delivered through Windows Update . " and that the only new feature would be " an updated Remote Desktop client that takes advantage of RemoteFX introduced in the server - side with SP1 for Windows Server 2008 R2 . "
However , we were made aware that Service Pack 1 will include some performance fixes for features like BitLocker Drive Encryption as well as other undisclosed " storage - related " performance issues .
Some of these bug fixes have already been released , but the rest are scheduled to be released in Service Pack 1 .
No matter what Microsoft says , Service Pack 1 will remain an important milestone for many users , especially system administrators and companies , because it will contain fixes not released via Windows Update .
Otherwise , those who have kept their operating systems updated will have no need to install Service Pack 1 when it is released .
In their defense though , Windows 7 is the most polished operating system Microsoft has ever released .
Even without Service Pack 1 , it is already more stable and more reliable than Windows XP SP3 or Windows Vista SP2 .
That fact will not change even if Microsoft is late in delivering Service Pack 1 .
Update @ July 19 : Microsoft has made available the beta version of Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 Service Pack 1 .
This beta release is available in five languages - English , French , German , Japanese and Spanish .
If you are interested in testing it , you can download it here .
This beta release is slightly delayed from what we understand .
Microsoft usually takes more than 6 months to transition from a beta release to a final release .
In other words , Windows 7 Service Pack 1 will not be out by the end of this year .
It is now scheduled to be released only in the first half of 2011 , most likely in the first quarter if everything goes smoothly .
The roadmap henceforth will be determined by the success of this beta test .
Update @ October 27 : This is just in - Microsoft has just announced the public availability of Windows 7 Service Pack 1 Release Candidate ( RC ) !
This is one of the final steps towards the RTM ( Release To Manufacturing ) build .
Service Pack 1 will also include two new features for Windows Server 2008 R2 :
Dynamic Memory - it allows Hyper - V administrators pool available memory on a physical host and dynamically distribute it to any virtual machine (s ) running on that host .
RemoteFX - it lets Windows Server 2008 R2 administrators provide a rich end user desktop virtualization experience by delivering vivid content , independent of any graphics stack , to server - hosted virtual and session - based desktops .
For Windows 7 per se , Service Pack 1 consists mainly of updates that have already been released .
To download Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 Service Pack 1 ( SP1 ) Release Candidate ( RC ) , click here !
Do note that the entire download weighs in just under 2 GB .
Update @ January 19 : Microsoft Windows 7 Service Pack 1 has gone gold !
Microsoft released this build to manufacturing yesterday , January 18 , 2011 .
Here are the details of the final RTM build :
Service Pack 1 ( 32 - bit )
Build : 7601.17514.101119-1850
File : Windows6.1-KB976932-X86.exe
Size : 563,934,504 bytes
SHA -1 : C3516BC5C9E69FEE6D9AC4F981F5B95977A8A2FA
MD5 : 4BF28FC00D86C936C89E2D91EF46758B
CRC : 5EB0FA87
Service Pack 1 ( 64 - bit )
Build : 7601.17514.101119-1850
File : Windows6.1-KB976932-X64.exe
Size : 947,070,088 bytes
SHA -1 : 74865EF2562006E51D7F9333B4A8D45B7A749DAB
MD5 : 28D3932F714BF71D78E75D36AA2E0FB8
CRC : 068C79C6
The first wave will support the following 36 languages : Arabic , Bulgarian , Chinese - Hong Kong SAR , Chinese - Simplified , Chinese - Taiwan , Croatian , Czech , Danish , Dutch , English , Estonian , Finnish , French , German , Greek , Hebrew , Hungarian , Italian , Japanese , Korean , Latvian , Lithuanian , Norwegian , Polish , Portuguese - Brazil , Portuguese - Portugal , Romanian , Russian , Serbian , Slovak , Slovenian , Spanish , Swedish , Thai , Turkish , and Ukrainian .
As we write this , the warez group WZ ZUKO has started distributing this build at various Bittorrent sites .
However , if you can wait a while , we expect Microsoft to release to web ( RTW ) this build on February 22 , 2011 .
MSDN subscribers should be able to obtain their copies online during the week of February 15 .
Update @ January 21 : We added details of the 64 - bit version of Service Pack 1 , as well as clarified the estimated date of release to web .
Please take a look at the updates above .
Update @ February 11 : We updated the estimated date of release to web and MSDN subscribers ( courtesy of noel_pg3 and Softpedia ) .
Please take a look at the updates above .
Update @ February 22 : Service Pack 1 for Microsoft Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 is out !
You can download it directly from Microsoft , if it has n't appeared on your Windows Update yet .
PS .
We will update this article as and when we get more concrete details on the Windows 7 Service Pack 1 roadmap .
Other Microsoft Scoops :
If you have a scoop you want to share with us , just contact us !
It does n't have to be Microsoft - related .
It can be anything in the tech industry , from mobile phones to P2P software .
Just drop us a line !
Support Tech ARP !
If you like our work , you can help support out work by visiting our sponsors , participate in the Tech ARP Forums , or even donate to our fund .
Any help you can render is greatly appreciated !
Questions & Comments
If you have a question or comment on this editorial , please feel free to post them here !
While conservatives love bashing “ Hollywood liberals , ” Sunday night ’s Oscar telecast showed how little this description applies .
From Kathryn Bigelow ’s promoting George W. Bush ’s argument that the U.S. invaded Iraq to protect Americans , to the disproportionate acclaim given to films exalting the military , to the exclusion of Michael Moore ’sCapitalism , A Love Story from the documentary nominees , Hollywood now largely avoids any hint of progressive social analysis .
The most common praise heaped on the Oscar - winning The Hurt Locker was that it took no side in the conflict , a remarkable admission of moral cowardice .
True , Bigelow ’s win was a milestone for female directors , though it is unlikely to alter the overwhelming male dominance of that profession .
And while seeing African - Americans win Oscars gave the event a liberal patina , most blacks remain relegated to roles requiring an African - American ( Jamie Foxx playing Ray Charles ) , while Latino roles are as scarce as ever despite their rising share of the U.S. population .
Reframing Iraq in Bush ’s Terms
He ’s no longer in office , but former President George W. Bush has finally won Hollywood over to his side .
Karl
Rove himself could not have crafted a more effective promotion of the United States invasion of Iraq than to have the first Oscar - winning female director repeatedly praise our troops in Iraq for keeping Americans safe .
I doubt that any of the massive media in attendance asked Kathryn Bigelow , who claimed troops are in Iraq to keep America safe , what threat Iraq posed to the United States prior to our invasion .
Better to make believe that American soldiers are always a force for good , and never a part of militaristic adventures killing millions of innocent civilians in Vietnam or Iraq .
I take strong issue with Michael Moore and others over the political impact of The Hurt Locker .
While Moore claims its message is that “ war is stupid and senseless and insane , ” millions more heard Bigelow ’s message that United States troops are in Iraq to protect Americans than will ever see the film .
And I disagree that seeing movies showing the insanity of military conflict makes Americans anti-war .
We ’ve had dozens if not hundreds of such films ( rememberPlatoon ? ) and yet the United States in 2010 is fighting wars in multiple countries , and has a larger military budget than the next ten leading countries combined .
The American film industry produces war movies at a record clip , despite a steadily decreasing fraction of its population experiencing such conflicts .
And the victory for The Hurt Locker will keep the war films coming , though do not expect to see Hollywood make a film criticizing U.S. military adventurism — anytime soon .
Filmmakers Detached from Real Life
Bigelow ’s perspective on war reminds me of Michael Cimino ’s The Deerhunter , which won Best Picture and Best Director awards in 1978 .
Cimino ’s film also highlighted the horrors of war , and included a controversial scene where North Vietnamese soldiers force American soldiers to play Russian Roulette .
The invented scene outraged Vietnamese activists , who felt it unfairly portrayed the North Vietnamese as vicious and sadistic murderers , rather than as native troops defending their land against a foreign army .
The same week as The Deerhunter won the Best Picture Oscar , I was at a long - scheduled event with Jane Fonda on the UC Berkeley campus .
Fonda had just won Best Actress for her role in the very anti-war film , Coming Home , and during question time an angry Vietnamese activist asked her to explain what he described as Cimino ’s “ racist ” film .
Fonda replied that Cimino does not pay close attention to the politics of real world events , but lives in the world of movies .
She felt he liked the dramatic power of the Russian Roulette scene , and its broader social message was not something he even considered .
Bigelow obviously admires troops serving in Iraq , but appears oblivious to the fact that they have no business being there .
So she falls back on the Bush canard that they are protecting Americans , when in fact even Barack Obama has repeatedly acknowledged that the Iraq invasion made our nation less safe .
American filmmakers churn out war movies because it is so easy to build an emotional catharsis , and war zones are among the few remaining venues for the male bonding otherwise missing in our highly competitive society .
Such films come off as serious without having to address more sticky contemporary social issues ( like the corporate downsizing addressed in Up in the Air , whose box office grosses did not match lofty reviews , and was never seriously considered a potential Best Picture winner ) .
Three of the five best screenplay nominees were war films , and no other country comes close to the United States in either the number of films about military conflict , or in percentage of the overall production .
We are a nation entranced by war , befitting a country that has not had foreign troops on its soil since the War of 1812 .
Missing Latinos
While Sunday ’s Oscar show gave many high - profile opportunities to African - Americans , Latinos remain missing from major Hollywood films .
This continued brown - out of a rising share of the U.S. population is curious , but the issue is completely ignored by the entertainment media , which apparently is satisfied so long as Jennifer Lopez is trotted out to bestow an award .
But the absence of Latinos plays into the larger detachment from contemporary social problems that now characterizes the American film industry .
That ’s why Michael Moore ’s brilliant analysis of capitalism was not nominated , and why the cameras quickly switched away as the producer of the Oscar winning documentary on saving the dolphins held up a banner giving the number viewers could text to help the cause .
If Hollywood cannot even abide the politically safe saving the dolphins campaign , there ’s no reason to expect future films about social inequality , the Wall Street rip - offs , or other topics .
Instead we have Steven Spielberg and Tom Hanks collaborating on yet another depiction of the Pacific battles during World War II , and Matt Damon filming yet another war film , The Green Zone .
The United States economy has long been built on military spending , and the film industry now sees a rosy future in the ongoing promotion of war .
Randy Shaw
Republished with permission from Beyond Chron
Battered by braggart hackers and a budding cybercrime industry , Microsoft changed paradigms when Bill Gates issued his “ Trustworthy Computing ” memo on Jan. 15 , 2002 .
No longer would the world ’s richest software company make functionality king .
Security would be the new guidepost .
“ Great features wo n’t matter unless customers trust our software , ” Gates pronounced at the start of 2002 .
Fast forward to the fall of 2009 .
While Microsoft has made great strides in security , the decision to add gradations to the User Account Control mechanism in Windows 7 — and set the default setting at medium - high — once again lays bare the company ’s engrained features bias .
“ Overall Windows 7 is a big improvement and a much more secure operating system , ” says Eric Voskuil , CTO of security firm BeyondTrust .
“ However , UAC in its default configuration is a ticking time bomb . ”
UAC is the feature introduced in Vista that finally made a distinction between user - level access , needed to open files and work with data , and administrator - level access , needed to install new applications on your harddrive .
From a security standpoint , user - level control is restricted , and , therefore , good ; while administrator - level access is wide open and thus can be very , very bad .
User - level vs. administrator - level access
In Windows XP , administrator - level access was enabled by default , a big reason cybercriminals have been able to install malicious applications on tens of millions of Internet - connected Windows PCs and amass them into botnets to carry out Internet - enabled criminal activities .
Microsoft designed UAC to put users in control of when to grant administrator - level access to the harddrive .
But UAC frequently prompts Vista users for permission to do something , sometimes more than once .
Apple ridicules Vista ’s UAC , portraying it as an overbearing secret service agent in this TV commercial , even though the Mac OSX operating system has a very similar security feature , albeit more elegantly executed .
Because many annoyed Vista users simply turned UAC off — in effect reverting to XP - level exposure with wide - open administrator - level access — Microsoft created a slider bar , Ã‚Â shown below , for Windows 7 that enables users to set two intermediate levels of access , medium - low and medium - high .
To enable these gradations Microsoft created a mechanism called “ auto - elevate ” that automatically grants permission for administrator - level access for certain routine functions .
This feature increases usability by reducing the number of permission requests the user sees .
In early July 2009 , a programmer name Leo Davidson published proof - of - concept code showing how any program , good or bad , could tap into the Windows 7 auto - elevate feature when UAC was set at off , medium - low or medium - high .
The upshot : setting the UAC default at medium - high would reduce the number of annoying prompts users see — but also leave a door wide open for cyber criminals to access the harddrive .
Davidson ’s discovery and disclosure was very much in the same vein as the work of vulnerability researchers who ’ve discovered and disclosed thousands of Windows operating system vulnerabilities , some that have subsequently led to infamous cyber attacks — from CodeRed to Conficker .
Framing the debate
In fact , Microsoft quickly listed Davidson ’s proof of concept exploit as malware .
But then a debate ensued that underscores Microsoft ’s ongoing struggle to balance features and profits against security and the risk of losing the public ’s trust .
On one side of the debate , security researchers like Voskuil and a 21 - year - old Melbourne college student and security blogger , named Long Zheng , argued that Microsoft was obligated to somehow mitigate the auto - elevate vulnerability .
However , the only way to do that was to get rid of the medium and medium - high UAC gradations , in effect dump auto - elevate , says Voskuil .
On the other side , two of Microsoft ’s best and brightest — Dr. Mark Russinovich , one of only 22 Microsoft Technical Fellows , and Jon DeVaan , Senior Vice President , Windows Core Operating System Division — dug their heels in to defend the auto - elevate feature .
To Russinovich ’s and DeVaan ’s credit , each engaged fully in the debate and laid out their positions in detail .
Russinovich argues in this blog post that , while the auto - elevate exploit disclosed by Leo Davidson is viable , it would require deliberate intent and a non-trivial effort to put into action .
“ The follow - up observation is that malware could gain administrative rights using the same techniques , ” writes Russinovich .
“ Again , this is true . . . from the perspective of malware , Windows 7 ’s default mode is no more or less secure than the Always Notify mode ( “ Vista mode ” ) . ”
DeVaan in this blog post acknowledges that UAC “ is one of those features that has a broad spectrum of viewpoints with viewpoints and advocates staking out both ends of the spectrum …security on one end and usability on the other . ”
DeVaan then goes on to argue that UAC is “ not a security boundary . ”
Therefore , he asserts that auto - elevate flaw exposed by Leo Davidson does not “ constitute a vulnerability . ”
Thus when Windows 7 launched on Thursday , 22Oct2009 , it shipped with a UAC default setting of medium - high .
“ This is the decision they felt they had to make to sell Windows 7 , ” says Voskuil .
“ From a security standpoint , they should at least be honest about it . ”
Voskuil says cybercriminals have already begun to tweak their attacks to slip through the medium - high setting .
“ It defeats the purpose of the whole system , ” he says .
“ Anybody can do whatever they want ; all they need to do is get the user to launch code . ”
Playing to cyber criminals ’ strengths
The medium - high UAC default setting plays directly to the strength of cyber gangs adept at tricking PC users into clicking on corrupted Web links arriving in email spam , Twitter microblog postings , Facebook messages and Google search results as LastWatchdog reported here .
The bad guys are also planting infectious launch code hidden in online advertisements displayed by popular Web sites , such as the New York Times .
The prime criminal directive : infect as many PCs as possible to turn them into bots and align them into botnets , the engines driving cyber crime .
Cybercrime has come along way since Bill Gates issued his Trustworthy Computing memo in 2002 .
Hardly anyone , save for raw newbies or political activists , launch attacks for bragging rights .
Cybercrime has emerged as a centi-billion dollar , smooth - running , steadily - expandingÃ‚Â global industry .
Malicious software tool kits , like MPack , Turk - o - jan and ZueS can be readily purchased and easily customized .
This malware is being churned out by professional programmers , like A - Z , the young and rich author of ZueS , whom I wrote about in this investigative cover story .
“ They will take Leo ’s code , or write their own , because it ’s not difficult to do , and integrate it into their own malware , and when it launches on your Windows 7 machine , through whatever mechanism , it will get past the medium - high setting on UAC , ” predicts Voskuil .
Cyber criminals are counting on most Windows 7 purchasers to stick with Microsoft ’s default settings .
Voskuil recommends immediately elevating your Windows 7 UAC default setting from “ notify me only when programs try to make changes to my computer , ” to the “ always notify ” setting .
You will see more annoying prompts .
But you will be better protected .
Expert commentary encouraged .
by Byron Acohido
October 26th , 2009 | Imminent threats | Top Stories
After reading the results of the gi survey from last year , a reader sent me an interesting series of emails about running an analysis of the data .
Here ’s what he had to show and tell :
I cleaned up the data by using only responses from people who owned at least 2 gis , and who had listed one of those as their favourite .
After that , for each pair of the 21 gi brands that were owned more than 10 times in the dataset , I counted the number of time the 2 brands were owned together and one of them was listed as the favourite , and which one was the favourite .
I then ran a quick statistical test on the pairwise comparisons .
I also summed up the numbers for each brand , to get an overall value of a brand versus all the others and ran a statistical test on that too .
I stumbled across your gi survey a while back and came back to it this weekend as I was looking for a new gi to buy .
I decided to have a quick crack at analysing your dataset ( actually just the question about favourite gis ) .
According to the study :
1 ) Shoyoroll seems to be the best brand overall by quite a margin , so if you want the best gi no matter the price , this is your best bet .
2 ) Sirius and Padilla & Sons really stand out as the best deals by far given their high ranking and low price compared to every other brand analyzed .
They both have very comparable rankings and prices so it ’s hard to recommend one over the other .
3 ) If you want to try something different , go for Isami ( but consider Shoyoroll , Sirius or Padilla & Sons first ) .
4 ) Of the 6 major brands identified in the survey ( Atama , Koral , Gameness , HCK , Keiko Raca and Vulkan ) , Vulkan seems to be the best , followed in order by Koral , Keiko Raca , Atama , HCK and finally Gameness .
So if you want a gi from one of the big brands , go for a Vulkan ( or perhaps a Koral if you really do n’t want a Vulkan ) .
5 ) At the other end of the spectrum , Krugans , Adidas and Kikskin seem especially bad .
This is a quick and dirty analysis but I hope you ’ll find the results as interesting as I did .
It actually made me buy a Padilla and Sons straight away , given the overall results above versus the price of the gi ( plotting proportion against price would be an interesting graph too ) .
To make the first round of ANTM , you need good genes , height , and , preferably , be batshit crazy .
To get onto Afghan Model , you mostly just need to have a lot of guts :
The show , on the network owned by a left - wing politician with a reputation for pushing the conservative country 's boundaries , was intended to be provocative .
And in stark contrast to the thousands of hopefuls who gather at malls and theatres to compete on even the crummiest of U.S. shows , the casting call attracted only 10 women .
( The show is open to both sexes . )
While the challenges described - posing as an Afghani bride or groom , for instance - are tame compared to what we 're used to , the stakes are in fact far higher .
As the Atlantic reports ,
The number of women dropped to seven , after the families of three women forced them to step down .
One of the 15 semifinalists , a man named Munir , was shot dead one night as he drove through an intersection .
No one has been arrested , and his picture still sits in the middle of the roundabout where he was killed .
Advertisement
Those who do compete are reportedly shunned by neighbors ; one woman has been cut off by her family .
The contestants , as the article makes clear , look like , well , regular people - no one , from the sounds of it , could actually work as a professional model , which makes the risks all the stranger .
Whether it's the potential impact of morale - boosting and cultural impact that attracts hopefuls or merely the siren song of fleeting publicity in a country where many are poor and without options , is not made clear .
Whether it's a step towards personal freedom ( albeit in fairly ironic form ) or globalization run amok , well only time - and maybe Tyra - can say .
Advertisement
Kabul Makeover [ Atlantic ]
Comerica Bank ’s Michigan Economic Activity Index
rose 4 points in January , to a level of 81 ( see chart above ) .
January ’s reading is the highest Index observation since November 2008 .
The Index for January is up 6 percent compared to the June 2009 cyclical low .
“ After plateauing for three months , our Index surged in January , with eight of nine components contributing positively , ” said Dana Johnson , Chief Economist at Comerica Bank .
“ The January reading was driven by strong steel production and natural gas sales .
Given the severe weather patterns experienced in the early part of this year , gas sales likely outpaced normal seasonal trends in February as well , which should give the upcoming Index another boost .
Over the course of the year , the Index should continue to trend higher , reflecting an ongoing recovery in Michigan . ”
MP : Hey , if there 's an ongoing V - shaped economic recovery in Michigan , there 's hope everywhere .
Michigan jobs increased by 4,100 in January , and its jobless rate fell to 14.3 % , the lowest since last August .
Military Scrambles Jets Because of Unruly Airline Passenger
Man made threat and refused to stow bag ; plane returns to airport .
Jan. 6 , 2010  --
The Oregon Air National Guard scrambled two F - 15 fighter jets after a passenger on a Hawaiian Airlines jet to Maui refused to let go of his carry - on bag and passed what was described as a " disturbing note " to a flight attendant .
Hawaiian Flight 39 was about 40 minutes into its trip to Maui's Kahului airport when , at 12:30 p.m. PST , the pilot reported a disturbance .
The two planes intercepted the flight at about 1 p.m. and then escorted it back to Portland , according to the North American Aerospace Defense Command ( NORAD ) .
The Boeing 767 headed back to the Portland airport , landing at 1:16 p.m.
Law enforcement officers met the plane upon arrival and the passenger was removed .
Stay Up to Date on the Latest Travel Trends from ABC News on Twitter
" The captain made a decision to return the plane to Portland due to a suspicious passenger who made threatening remarks and refused to store his carry - on bag , " the Transportation Security Administration said in a statement .
' Low - Level ' Incident , But High Alert
Keoni Wagner , vice president of public affairs for the airline called it a very " low - level " incident involving one disruptive passenger .
Airport officals said the plane refueled and took off again for Hawaii .
There were 231 passengers on board .
The passenger , a 56 - year - old man from Salem , Ore. , was eventually released without being charged after he was questioned by the FBI .
NORAD 's mission -- in close collaboration with homeland defense , security , and law enforcement partners -- is to prevent air attacks against North America , safeguard the sovereign airspaces of the United States and Canada by responding to unknown , unwanted and unauthorized air activity approaching and operating within these airspaces , and provide aerospace and maritime warning for North America .
NORAD may be required to monitor , shadow , divert from flight path , direct to land and / or destroy platforms deemed a potential threat to North America .
Ever since the attempted Christmas day bombing of a Northwest Airlines jet from Amsterdam to Detroit , aviation officials , flew crews and passengers have been on edge .
Just the very next day , there was a scare on the same exact flight after a passenger , who had food poisoning , spent too long in the airplane 's bathroom .
And yesterday , the Bakersfield , Calif. , airport was shut down for several hours after a checked bag set off security alarms .
A suspicious amber liquid in a passenger 's bag tested positive for explosives -- only to ultimately determine that the substance was honey .
Also today , a Northwest Airlines flight taxiing for takeoff at Miami International Airport returned to the gate after a passenger was heard making inappropriate remarks and acting disruptively .
Local law enforcement and TSA met the aircraft upon its return and all passengers were deplaned .
The plane , bound for Detroit Wayne County International Airport , was swept , but nothing was found and it was cleared for departure .
The passenger and three travel companions were being questioned by Miami Dade County police late today .
To do public relations well you need to have a critical mind -- to develop compelling content .
You need to be able to see fresh angles and points of view in a company , product , or service story so that benefits to the reader come across in all their glory , without writing a sell sheet in a press release .
Today , you need a whole set of new skills .
With new media , you need to understand the digital space a lot better , how to integrate marketing communications , the value of search engine optimization ( SEO ) , who is influential in the niche where your client is , how you set up listening posts , how to measure the results of your strategies , and be comfortable with new technologies .
You also need to learn how to manage your client 's expectations and deliver the hard message of putting skin in the game -- directly , or through you -- with your results .
You may be called upon to be more than an adviser when it comes to managing communities , and helping in case of a crisis .
To be good at all of this , you will become emotionally vested in the outcome .
While new media work may take you to a whole new level , it presents some challenges :
you need to build your own brand to demonstrate expertise without creating friction at work
online you need to toe the company line , and disclose when you 're doing that
you 're called to draw from your personality , along with your experience
you 're working at all hours and need to find ways to have a life
you 're looking to create new trends and the industry is stuck in old ways
Is new media allowing companies to benefit from people taking on more roles and work without proper recalibrating and compensation ?
Many organizations are struggling with the fact that someone who is really good in new media helps pull the brand or company they connect by virtue of their own name recognition .
On the other hand , companies tend to be suspicious of PR professionals and agencies that , in their eyes , spend time gaining publicity for themselves .
They think it comes at a cost to clients -- they will not get better results for the brand than those who focus on it exclusively , at the expense of their own popularity .
We talk a lot about the public nature of public relations , yet we spend little time thinking about the profession 's private nature .
These are some interesting trends I 've observed and discussed with practitioners .
Companies struggle with loss of control the most , are we in danger of seeing that control shift from the message to the people who carry it ?
What do you think ?
[ image credit http://www.flickr.com/photos/atomicjeep/ / CC BY 2.0 ]
© 2010 Valeria Maltoni .
All rights reserved .
Materials scientists at the University of Wisconsin - Madison have designed a way to harvest small amounts of waste energy and harness them to turn water into usable hydrogen fuel .
The process is simple , efficient and recycles otherwise - wasted energy into a useable form .
" This study provides a simple and cost - effective technology for direct water splitting that may generate hydrogen fuels by scavenging energy wastes such as noise or stray vibrations from the environment , " the authors write in a new paper , published March 2 in the Journal of Physical Chemistry Letters .
" This new discovery may have potential implications in solving the challenging energy and environmental issues that we are facing today and in the future . "
The researchers , led by UW - Madison geologist and crystal specialist Huifang Xu , grew nanocrystals of two common crystals , zinc oxide and barium titanate , and placed them in water .
When pulsed with ultrasonic vibrations , the nanofibers flexed and catalyzed a chemical reaction to split the water molecules into hydrogen and oxygen .
When the fibers bend , asymmetries in their crystal structures generate positive and negative charges and create an electrical potential .
This phenomenon , called the piezoelectric effect , has been well known in certain crystals for more than a century and is the driving force behind quartz clocks and other applications .
Xu and his colleagues applied the same idea to the nanocrystal fibers .
" The bulk materials are brittle , but at the nanoscale they are flexible , " he says , like the difference between fiberglass and a pane of glass .
advertisement
Smaller fibers bend more easily than larger crystals and therefore also produce electric charges easily .
So far , the researchers have achieved an impressive 18 percent efficiency with the nanocrystals , higher than most experimental energy sources .
In addition , Xu says , " because we can tune the fiber and plate sizes , we can use even small amounts of [ mechanical ] noise -- like a vibration or water flowing -- to bend the fibers and plates .
With this kind of technology , we can scavenge energy waste and convert it into useful chemical energy . "
Rather than harvest this electrical energy directly , the scientists took a novel approach and used the energy to break the chemical bonds in water and produce oxygen and hydrogen gas .
" This is a new phenomenon , converting mechanical energy directly to chemical energy , " Xu says , calling it a piezoelectrochemical ( PZEC ) effect .
The chemical energy of hydrogen fuel is more stable than the electric charge , he explains .
It is relatively easy to store and will not lose potency over time .
With the right technology , Xu envisions this method being useful for generating small amounts of power from a multitude of small sources -- for example , walking could charge a cell phone or music player and breezes could power streetlights .
" We have limited areas to collect large energy differences , like a waterfall or a big dam , " he says .
" But we have lots of places with small energies .
If we can harvest that energy , it would be tremendous . "
The new paper is co-authored by graduate student Kuang - Sheng Hong , research scientist Hiromi Konishi , and mechanical engineering professor Xiaochun Li , all at UW - Madison .
Xu's research is supported by grants from the UW - Madison Graduate School , National Science Foundation , NASA Astrobiology Institute and the U.S. Department of Energy .
A fall in sterling 's value caused a drop in the FCO 's core purchasing power
The decision to stop protecting the Foreign Office ( FCO ) budget from exchange rate changes has risked its efficiency , MPs have said .
The Commons Foreign Affairs Committee found a fall in sterling 's value led to cuts in embassies around the world .
The FCO 's core purchasing power had fallen by 13 % since the previous system was axed in 2007 , MPs found .
Last month ministers said they had a package to " substantially offset the foreign exchange pressures on the FCO " .
The agreement , negotiated by Foreign Secretary David Miliband and Chancellor Alistair Darling , included an additional £ 25 m from asset sales to be recycled into the FCO budget , £ 35 m from Treasury reserves and £ 15 m in " end - of - year flexibility " .
Earlier this month the FCO asked the Treasury for an " urgent " cash injection to help fill a nearly £ 135 m budget shortfall .
The Foreign Office needs stronger leadership at the top and a more stable framework to plan efficiently for the future
William Hague , shadow foreign secretary However , it insisted that was a " routine " procedure and unrelated to currency fluctuations .
FCO cuts caused a political row earlier this year when the Conservatives accused the government of undermining the UK 's global interests by scrapping the special fund that provided insulation from movements in the pound .
In its report , the cross-party committee of MPs said the constraints placed on the FCO were " unacceptably disrupting and curtailing " its work .
In its report , the committee said : " We can not see that it remains credible to regard the costs of currency fluctuations as predictable ones which the FCO might reasonably be expected to absorb .
" The cuts that the FCO is making at its overseas posts represent a serious reputational risk to the department and the UK , and thus a threat to the FCO 's effectiveness . "
' Poor leadership '
It also stressed that closures of FCO oversees posts " risk leaving potentially damaging gaps in UK information - gathering , provision of assistance and exercise of influence " .
Committee chairman Mike Gapes said the FCO 's financial situation has come to represent " an unacceptable risk to the department 's ability to perform its functions " , adding that " exchange rates should not drive UK foreign policy " .
Shadow Foreign Secretary William
Hague said the report should be " taken very seriously " .
" Poor ministerial leadership in recent years has indeed left the Foreign Office struggling with unpredictable changes in budgets which have made it impossible for it to plan properly .
" It was extraordinarily incompetent of David Miliband to agree to the FCO budget taking the whole of the risk of exchange rate movements .
" No other major country increases and reduces its diplomatic presence according to whether its currency is up or down in any given year .
" The Foreign Office needs stronger leadership at the top and a more stable framework to plan efficiently for the future . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What lousy puck !
A woman is suing Chuck E. Cheese after allegedly being hit in the head with an air hockey puck at the children 's entertainment joint .
Reyna Mason claims that a stray puck struck her in the head while she was sitting in a booth near the air hockey table on February 22 , 2008 , according to a lawsuit filed in Cook County Circuit Court .
The average commercial hockey puck is a little over 3 - inches in diameter and weighs anywhere from 8 to 16 grams .
The complaint argues that the restaurant , located at 7142 Carpenter Rd in Skokie , " failed to warn [ Mason ] of the danger posed to her by sitting in a booth near the air hockey table " and " failed to have adequate safety precautions for those sitting in booths near the air hockey table . "
Mason is suing the CEC Entertainment Corp. for more than $ 50,000 .
We 're wondering if she 'll settle for 250,000 tokens .
Matt Bartosik is a Chicago native and a social media sovereign .
It 's snow joke : The Vancouver Winter Games are here !
Check out NBCChicago 's full coverage , fan us on Facebook , and follow us on Twitter .
A new NASA - funded study has concluded that Amazon rain forests were remarkably unaffected in the face of once - in - a- century drought in 2005 , neither dying nor thriving , contrary to a previously published report and claims by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
" We found no big differences in the greenness level of these forests between drought and non-drought years , which suggests that these forests may be more tolerant of droughts than we previously thought , " said Arindam Samanta , the study 's lead author from Boston University .
The comprehensive study published in the current issue of the scientific journal Geophysical Research Letters used the latest version of the NASA MODIS satellite data to measure the greenness of these vast pristine forests over the past decade .
A study published in the journal Science in 2007 claimed that these forests actually thrive from drought because of more sunshine under cloud - less skies typical of drought conditions .
The new study found that those results were flawed and not reproducible .
" This new study brings some clarity to our muddled understanding of how these forests , with their rich source of biodiversity , would fare in the future in the face of twin pressures from logging and changing climate , " said Boston University Prof.
Ranga Myneni , senior author of the new study .
The IPCC is under scrutiny for various data inaccuracies , including its claim -- based on a flawed World Wildlife Fund study -- that up to 40 % of the Amazonian forests could react drastically and be replaced by savannas from even a slight reduction in rainfall .
" Our results certainly do not indicate such extreme sensitivity to reductions in rainfall , " said Sangram Ganguly , an author on the new study , from the Bay Area Environmental Research Institute affiliated with NASA Ames Research Center in California .
" The way that the WWF report calculated this 40 % was totally wrong , while [ the new ] calculations are by far more reliable and correct , " said Dr. Jose Marengo , a Brazilian National Institute for Space Research climate scientist and member of the IPCC .
Modern communication networks , such as cell phone systems and the Internet , have provided researchers with the opportunity to study human associations and movement on a much greater scale than previously possible .
Almost all of the papers that describe this sort of network analysis notes that it could have real world applications , since existing and emerging disease threats can spread through social and transit networks .
A paper that will be released later this week by PNAS , however , skips the whole " this may be a useful model " aspect , and goes straight to a network in which diseases actually do spread : prostitutes and their clients .
Although organized prostitution is apparently illegal in Brazil , there are no laws against receiving payment for sex , making it possible for sex workers to freelance .
Like everything else these days , that trade has found its way onto the Internet , and some enterprising Brazilians created an ad- supported public forum for individuals on both sides of the transaction .
The forum is heavily moderated to keep it strictly on - topic : sellers ( aka prostitutes ) can advertise their business , and those that partake can rate the experience , as well as provide some information about the precise services rendered ( the focus was strictly on heterosexual prostitution in this system ) .
This rich repository of data turned out to be a fantastic opportunity for Swedish sociologist Fredrik Liljeros , who obtained six years of data — the entire history of the forum — and teamed up with two members of physics departments in order to perform a network analysis on the material .
Overall , 6,600 prostitutes and over 10,000 clients were included in the study .
Crunching the numbers showed that the number of people networked to a typical seller was beginning to flatten out , meaning that many prostitutes in the forum were seeing about as many clients as they ever would .
This , to the authors , suggested that the average time in the business might not be too much longer than the study period 's six years .
That was n't true for their clients , leading the researchers to suggest that " sex buyers stay in the commercial - sex arena longer than do sex sellers . "
Ratings did , apparently , make a difference , as the most highly rated sellers did in fact attract more business .
There was little difference in the career trajectories between those who received low and moderate ratings , though .
From the perspective of potential disease spread , there was some good and bad news .
On the bad news side , the longer that a prostitute was in the system , the more likely they were to engage in activities that are considered high - risk when it comes to pathogens , such as performing oral sex without a condom .
But the networks within the system were often small and fragmented ; the authors say that the number of small networks is far larger than previous studies had reported for online and offline dating networks , for example .
Although there are some very large networks within the forums , the trend towards fragmentation should slow the spread of diseases .
Many of the individual networks were clustered within urban centers .
There were only about ten cities represented in the data — as the authors put it , " the data put rather large error bars on the results " — but it appears that the number buyers of sexual services scales roughly linearly with a city 's population .
That 's not true for the number of prostitutes , however , as there are fewer than you 'd expect from a linear relationship .
The vast majority of transactions also took place between people who live in the same cities .
This means that diseases might spread rapidly within a single urban center , but having it spread between cities will be a less common event ( at least via prostitution ) .
That means that identifying those individuals who do mix travel and prostitution may have a disproportionately large impact on disease control .
It 's easy to focus on the prurient aspects of the study , but most of what we think we know about the spread of diseases in human social networks is based on networks , like those of cell phone users , that get used as models for real world contact .
In this case , the authors got a glimpse into a real social network of the sort that we know can act as a vector for disease spread and , as they point out in the discussion , there are significant differences between what they found and previous reports of social networks .
PNAS , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0914080107 ( About DOIs ) .
A font is born .
Daniel Pelavin September 18
While drawing in white pen on scraps of black paper , being inspired by the sparkling Jazz of the Eri Yamamoto Trio , mysterious scribbles appeared that would eventually become my latest font , and ...
Bob Dylan for Rolling Stone
Jeffrey Smith July 11
Creatures from the Mind Lagoon
Mark Fisher June 20
The American President
Olaf .
May 22
While Olaf 's popularity in his great nation of Russia has prevented him from reaching out to his American friends , Olaf now takes the time to send out a welcoming message to you all .
Since the ...
New little spot illustration CIO
Bill Mayer April 29
Honestly I think this was such a joy to work on .
Ideas always fly out in a stream ...
We have been caught in a routine at home mot seeing any of the family we 've lost track of what day it is .
When I ...
Welcome to the new Soundscape Mixtape Series where we step beyond criticism .
In the great tradition of the mixtape , we are going to present these explorations with their actual sound .
Make Your Day Entertaining From Free Online Pokies Games
It is always an exciting moment for me to visit the world of online gambling .
I love to make it possible by visiting the casino but this is not possible for me to make the visit of the place again and again , so I choose another medium of having the same fun which is named the online pokies .
This medium allows you to make the betting place of your own from anywhere and anytime but you will have to stay connected with the internet .
Any way this is possible because of the advancement of the technology and the effort of the service providers which is Microgaming .
They made it possible for the bettors to enjoy it sitting from anywhere .
Today I am going to share my experience with this which will help you a lot in enhancing your strength and to develop your own style of betting .
As you will get tons of exciting and adventurous suggestions after making the search and I assure you that it will confuse you in making the download .
For that I would suggest you to go for the reading of the reviews which are available for all events .
Anyway I found Treasure Ireland last time when I was confused and also love to recommend you to make the downloading of the same in order to have fun .
This is the best for the one who want to make their start in the betting world because it is very simple to understand and to make quick money in very short interval of time .
This is the event of the Microgaming which is featured with three reels and single line of pay and it makes it maximum chances of winning .
There is many types of special features that are depicted over the screen and it also gives you the chance to make the winning of a jackpot of 500 coins .
Use the features and win the most from it .
HTC ’s upcoming Android device portfolio has seemingly been revealed , courtesy of some overzealous publishing of handset user profiles .
The seven devices – complete with screen resolution and keyboard details – include a QWERTY - equipped version of the HTC Tattoo , the HTC Halo .
Overall there are three with QWERTY keyboards and the remainder rely on touchscreen - only input .
The majority have 320 x 480 displays , though there ’s one device – the HTC Supersonic – with a panel running at 480 x 800 .
At least one of the devices – the HTC Legend – was included in the leaked 2010 roadmap for HTC late last year .
Of course , there ’s no release schedules linked with the different devices , so we ’ll just have to wait and see what HTC bring to Mobile World Congress 2010 next month .
Android Community will be there to bring back all the details !
[ via KnowYourCell ]
There is at least one obvious reason LOVE decided to put Kate Moss and seven other naked models on the cover of its third issue .
However , editor - in - chief Katie Grand would have it that theirs was a nobler intent : body diversity .
Advertisement
It certainly was n't to boost circulation in a challenging economic environment for relatively new titles , oh no , or to generate media attention .
Rather than admit the sin of running a business , Grand explains her purest motives thusly :
" [ W ]e took eight women who are generally acknowledged as the most beautiful in the world , got them to show off their bodies — widely regarded as the most perfect in the world — and photographed them all in exactly the same position for the cover .
We did this to show how much they differed physically from one another , which is why we also printed their measurements .
Advertisement
Left to right : Daria Werbowy , Jeneil Wiliams , Kate Moss , and Lara Stone .
The measurements Grand refers to are apparently supposed to be some kind of tease - to - print to make us rush out and buy the issue .
Unfortunately they 're all pretty much listed on these women 's Wikipedia pages .
The ridiculousness of this move hardly merits mention , except perhaps to point out that models by definition have standardized measurements .
These particular women range in measurements from 32.5 " - 34.5 " in the bust , from 23 " - 25 " in the waist , and from 34 " - 35 " in the hips .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Left to right : Naomi Campbell , Natalia Vodianova , Amber Valletta , Kristen McMenamy
Kind of like the last time a nude supermodel was trotted out on a fashion magazine cover to inspire " awareness " of body diversity , we 're a little confused .
Allow Grand to explain again : " The point is that ' perfection ' is not fixed , timeless or transcendent .
It varies , as the measurements of our cover girls show . "
Yes .
Beauty varies .
Apparently by a whole inch two .
Advertisement
LOVE Issue Three [ LOVE Blog ]
Love Magazine Naked Supermodel Covers [ Vogue UK ]
Earlier :
Nude Supermodel Aims to Foster Self - Esteem ; Kelly Cutrone Has Choice Words For Dudes Who Dump Her
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
SALT LAKE CITY -- Utah 's
House majority leader resigned from the Legislature Saturday , two days after acknowledging he paid a woman $ 150,000 to keep quiet about a nude hot - tubbing incident that took place a quarter century ago when she was a teenager .
Republican Rep. Kevin Garn 's Thursday night confession came in a speech before House colleagues .
Garn initially indicated he would like to keep his seat in House leadership , but Saturday he said it would be best if he quit .
He apologized in an e-mail to House Speaker David Clark for becoming a distraction .
" After discussing this matter with my family , I have decided that it is in the best interests of them , my colleagues and the people of Utah , " he wrote .
( Read the entire e-mail here ) .
" I sincerely apologize for becoming a distraction to the conclusion of an otherwise remarkable legislative session . "
Kevin Garn
Garn , 55 , acknowledged the indiscretion with the legal minor immediately after the Legislature adjourned for the session .
Garn told colleagues he paid the woman , Cheryl Maher , after she began contacting reporters about the incident during his unsuccessful bid for a congressional seat in 2002 .
Despite a confidentiality agreement , the now 40 - year - old Maher began contacting local news media last week to retell her story about being naked with Garn when she was 15 , he said Thursday .
House speaker accepts Garn 's resignation , explains applause
House Speaker David Clark accepted Garn 's resignation Saturday afternoon and offered an explanation about why the House applauded Garn 's confession Thursday night .
" I hope the people of Utah understand that our support of Rep. Garn and his family does not in any way signal support for illegal , unethical or ill - advised action by any member of the House , " Clark wrote in a statement e-mailed to KSL .
" There are no handbooks on how to handle these difficult situations , and we were dealing with this matter on the busiest legislative day of the 2010 session .
In hindsight , an alternative forum for the announcement may have been more appropriate .
I sincerely appreciate those who evaluate this situation with a sense of justice and compassion for everyone involved . "
You can read Clark 's statement here .
Through blogs , e-mails and the KSL.com comment boards , many people expressed displeasure at the standing ovation Garn received after revealing his hot tubbing experience .
Cheryl Maher said Garn 's resignation likely " was really difficult for him , but it needed to happen . "
Maher now lives in Derry , N.H.
She said by telephone Saturday that she and Garn were in a hot tub together twice -- once in late 1984 after she had just turned 15 and again a few months later in 1985 .
She declined to say if the pair were nude both times or to provide any other specifics of the hot tubbing episodes .
A message left for Garn on his cell phone by the Associated Press Saturday was n't immediately returned .
" I 'm sure the resignation was really difficult for him , but it needed to happen , " Maher said .
" This is a secret that devastated my life and my family 's life . "
She said she thinks Garn still has a bright future out of politics .
" My intention was not to harm or hurt anyone , it 's just to speak the truth , " she said .
" It 's freedom for me to get it out in the open and I think somewhere down the line he will think it 's freedom for him , too . "
Many not surprised by resignation
Saturday , both Republican and Democratic leaders for Utah called Garn 's departure inevitable .
Utah Democratic Party Chairman Wayne Holland said , " It was surprising to me , shocking , that he was indicating in any way that he was going to continue to try to serve and be reelected this fall . "
Utah Republican Party Chairman Dave Hansen said , " I thought it was going to come to this .
And I 'm glad it 's coming sooner rather than later , to be honest . "
" Now that Rep . Garn has made the decision that he 's going to resign , respect that decision , " Hansen said .
" Personally , I think it was the right decision for him to make and hopefully everyone can move on from there . "
An interim replacement will have to be appointed to serve the rest of Garn 's term , which ends in January 2011 .
Brigham Young University political scientist Quin Monson said Garn had little choice but to resign .
" People can overcome and get on with their lives , " Monson said .
" But it does n't necessarily mean we need to have them in a position of power and public trust . "
Kirk Jowers of the Hinckley Institute of Politics says the story might linger in spite of Garn 's resignation .
" This has all the elements of a story that sticks , questions that remain to be answered , " he said .
------
Story compiled with contributions from Richard Piatt , Mark Hamilton and The Associated Press .
×
Related Stories
The Chinese government appeared to be retaliating against Google Inc. for its decision this week to stop censoring search results in the country 's mainland , further stoking tensions among U.S. businesses already irked by the country 's increasingly bold and nationalistic tactics .
If unchecked , the widely watched episode could tip already fragile trade relations , slowing the expansion of foreign businesses into China and , in turn , checking the nation 's meteoric economic development .
" An issue that has been bubbling under the surface for years has now hit the boiling point , " said Carl Guardino , chief executive of the Silicon Valley Leadership Group , a trade organization in San Jose .
" For the good of the innovation economy and both ( countries ' ) national economies , let 's hope that both sides can step back , cool down and find a workable solution . "
On Monday , Google redirected traffic from its Chinese search engine , Google.cn , to an unfiltered site in Hong Kong , a less - regulated special administrative region of the nation .
The move made good on a promise the Mountain View Internet giant made on Jan. 12 to stop censoring search results in China , after revealing that it and dozens of other U.S. businesses were victims of intricate cyberspying that originated there .
Chinese government firewalls quickly disabled searches for controversial topics from the mainland to the Hong Kong site , Google.com.hk , or blocked links to certain results , the New York Times reported Tuesday .
Under apparent government pressure , China Mobile , the country 's largest cellular communications company , was expected to remove Google 's search engine from its service , the newspaper said , citing business executives close to industry officials .
Likewise , China Unicom has halted the rollout of a mobile phone that runs on Google 's Android platform while Internet portal Tom.com ceased using Google technology in its search engine .
Skepticism growing
If the actions were in fact all the result of Chinese government prodding , it would fit into a pattern of recent state strategies that have increasingly led foreign companies to question the common wisdom that China is necessary to their growth strategy , said Jock O'Connell of ClarkStreet Group , a Sacramento trade consulting firm .
Key complaints include government policies that increasingly funnel business to state - owned enterprises , force foreign companies to strike joint ventures with local businesses , require access to the companies ' propriety technology and undervalue China 's currency .
" We 've been hearing these kinds of stories now for some time , and there does seem to be a crescendo of adverse news about companies , particularly high - tech American companies , " O'Connell said .
" It 's a very serious situation that 's emerging here . "
Feeling unwelcome
Indeed , 38 percent of foreign firms said they feel increasingly unwelcome in China , up 12 percentage points from a few months earlier , according to a survey released earlier this week by the American Chamber of Commerce in China .
The trend was more pronounced among technology companies , with 57 percent saying they were harmed by government policies and 37 percent saying they were losing sales as a result .
Google 's decision marks another in a series of narrowed Chinese ambitions among major U.S. technology companies .
In recent years , for instance , both eBay Inc. and Yahoo Inc. handed over control of their operations in the country to local partners .
But some believe the track record to date shows that U.S. companies , on the whole , are more than willing to indulge the Chinese government 's self - censorship demands and stacked rules in exchange for the chance to break into the world 's most populous marketplace .
" Most businesses seem to take the attitude , based on their public pronouncements and actions thus far , that the Chinese government can take advantage of them in any number of ways , " said Alan Tonelson , a research fellow focused on China at the U.S. Business and Industry Council , which represents U.S. manufacturing companies .
" They 've convinced themselves that they 're making so much money now that it 's worth it , or the prospective market is so big that they can't afford to ignore it . "
TAIPEI ( Reuters ) -
An earthquake of magnitude 6.4 shook Taiwan early on Thursday , injuring 11 , stopping transport
and causing minor damage and fires in the southern half of the island .
The quake caused a brief dip in the island ’s stock market , with semiconductor firms including TSMC , the world ’s No.1 contract chip maker , falling on concerns production could be hit .
Falling objects , including a tree , injured people in south Taiwan after the 8:18 a.m. ( 0018 GMT ) quake , said Liang Yu-chu , a spokesman with Taiwan ’s National Fire Administration disaster response center .
The quake also set off five fires , including one at a textile factory , and caused 16 elevators to get stuck , Liang said .
Services on the southern half of Taiwan ’s high - speed rail linking Taipei with the south were stopped pending safety checks .
An official of the Tainan Science Industrial Park , which houses plants of many tech firms , including TSMC , UMC and Chi Mei , said no big production losses were likely and electricity supply remains normal .
Slideshow ( 7 images )
The epicenter of the quake was in the mountains northeast of the city of Kaohsiung at a depth of 5 km , the Central Weather Bureau said .
No major damage was reported near the epicenter , a rural area hard hit in August by a deadly typhoon , Liang said .
Taiwan uses the Richter scale to measure earthquake intensity .
The U.S. Geological Survey put the quake ’s magnitude at 6.4 , revised from an initial 6.5 and put the depth at 35 km .
The quake was felt in the capital Taipei , where buildings shook for several minutes .
Officials in the southern county of Chiayi reported some objects falling off roof tops .
Earthquakes occur frequently in Taiwan , which lies on a seismically active stretch of the Pacific basin .
One of Taiwan ’s worst - recorded quakes occurred in September 1999 .
Measuring 7.6 , it killed more than 2,400 people and destroyed or damaged 50,000 buildings .
I ’m stressed and it seems almost insurmountable this week .
Our tax appointment with the accountant is imminent and this is where my non-organizational skills become an issue .
There ’s lots of paperwork to be coordinated and receipts to be calculated .
Thankfully , that ’s done but it ’s now a hodgepodge of piles tucked away in the dark hole of a desk that doubles as my office .
I use that term lightly and one day dream of having a real home office .
But I have an amazing kitchen to work in , so there ’s always something good to balance out every con , right ?
This is also a busy work week , lots of events and appointments which means I ’ll be making up time at night after the kids are tucked in .
It also coincides with my pledge to Huff Post ’s Week of Eating In Challenge .
Normally I would n’t break a sweat about preparing homecooked meals for seven days straight .
It ’s something I enjoy so much , I decided to build a career based on it .
This week , though , is what is giving this challenge its fuel .
On a week this busy , I ’d be tempted to order take - out or pick up a roasted chicken from the local gourmet market at least once or twice for a quick , time - saving dinner solution .
Yet , I made this pledge , and while none of you would have been the wiser , I need to stick to this goal for myself .
I ’m not trying to be Superwoman , though the Mr. would undoubtedly disagree .
The real reason is that a homecooked meal centers me .
It brings me down to earth and makes me feel connected .
In some ways it ’s the one thing I can be certain of retaining control over .
A few deep breaths , a little more planning than usual and a well - stocked pantry will make this week a delicious one indeed .
This theory was proved Sunday afternoon .
After a whirlwind day , I settled into the kitchen to make some meatballs and marinara sauce .
The house was quiet — the kids at the park with the Mr. , and the simple act of peeling garlic was akin to taking a deep breath .
As the papery skin fell from each clove , I felt an exhale .
The scent of garlic popping in shimmering olive oil tickled my senses into submission .
Cooking is exactly what I will need to stay on track this week .
There ’s also the cost factor .
If more people read food labels , they would realize there is a hefty price tag to pay for convenience food .
Take 100 % freeze - dried apples for example .
I was tempted to pick them up as a quick snack for the kids this week .
The ingredients are 100 % fruit , simply freeze dried to naturally preserve them for later enjoyment , right ?
Well , a closer look tells you they are a product of China .
It just makes no sense when apples are abundant at my local farmers ’ market and I can make oven - dried ones in my own kitchen .
I ’m also supporting local agriculture while saving a bit of money , space in the landfill from all the cardboard and foil pouches and the international shipping .
And while , I know there wo n’t be time to make those apple chips this week , my kids will not starve .
They ’ll just have to settle for some slices of fresh apple instead for the next seven days — sounds reminiscent of the age old want vs. need battle to me .
Something we should all ponder when we see the contents of our shopping cart .
I do n’t mean to preach .
Really , I understand we all lead different lives and to be quite honest , what really matters most is that more people get back to the stove .
I just wanted you all to know that even when it looks easy , it is n’t .
Choices are never easy .
I constantly feel like I could be doing more for my girls , the environment , the world in general .
Sometimes the choices and responsibility that comes with them feels paralyzing .
So , the next time you feel yourself sinking in the sea of decisions , take comfort in knowing we are all in this together .
One solution I do have for this week is lentils .
Unlike most beans , they do n’t require an overnight soak , cook fast and are much cheaper and more flavorful than their canned counterpart .
They ’re also a good protein alternative to meat if you ’re working with a tight budget , are vegetarian or want to make meatless versions of your favorite meals .
I ’ll be making a big pot to use as a base for some quick cooking meals this week , like veggie burgers and those vegetarian lentil - ricotta “ meatballs ” you see below — recipes coming soon .
I even use them in place of pinto beans and make refried lentils on taco night .
As for the rest of this week , I ’ll just stick with that one day at a time motto and see how it all unfolds .
Print Lentils yields about 24 ounces cooked lentils I prefer French or Eston lentils , but you can use this method to cook any variety .
Another money saving tip is to buy them in the bulk food section of your local market or healthfood store .
Oh , and do n’t forget to use your homemade bouillon too .
1 cup uncooked lentils 3 cups vegetable stock 1 bay leaf 1 clove garlic , smashed 1 shallot , sliced Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste
Add all ingredients to a 2 quart pot .
Bring to a boil .
Reduce to a simmer , and cook for 30 minutes , or until lentils are tender ( cook a few minutes less if you prefer lentils with a bite ) .
Let sit , covered for 10 minutes to absorb any remaining liquid .
The role of technology in bringing together the protesters has been crucial .
The leaders of the protest movement have used community radio stations , mobile - phone messaging and the Internet to forge an identity for lower - income Thais and connect a vast constellation of people in villages and towns .
At times the protests in Bangkok could be described as flash mobs of the disaffected .
Protesters , who wear trademark red shirts , have converged on government buildings , banks and military bases across the city guided by text messages .
“ This would not have been possible 10 years ago , ” said Ms. Thanida , who was returning from military barracks in Bangkok where protesters had demanded that soldiers leave the area .
The military acquiesced .
Like many protesters , she subscribes to D Station , a “ red shirt ” news service that gives updates and instructions to protesters .
The leaders of the red-shirted protesters have advertised the current round of protests as class warfare and describe themselves as defenders of the “ prai , ” a feudal word meaning commoner or lower - class citizen .
“ The blood of the prai is worth nothing ” is a phrase now affixed on bumper stickers and T - shirts .
That may be overblown rhetoric .
There are many stories of upward mobility in Thailand and , despite the presence of tens of thousands of protesters , the anger has not translated into personal attacks on the wealthy .
The main target of the protesters ’ ire seems to be the system : the perception that bureaucrats and the military serve the elite at the expense of the poor .
The protesters bewail the 2006 military coup that removed Thaksin Shinawatra , the tycoon turned prime minister who focused his policies on rural areas .
And they question the fairness of a judicial system that removed two subsequent prime ministers who were allied with Mr. Thaksin .
To many outsiders , Mr. Thaksin ’s role is puzzling :
The notion that a billionaire is leading Thailand ’s disaffected to rebellion verges on the absurd .
It also infuriates the Bangkok elite , who see Mr. Thaksin ’s role as largely self - serving .
Mr. Thaksin , most analysts agree , was hardly a paragon of democratic values during his five years in power .
He intimidated the media , stripped institutions like the anti-corruption commission of their independence and mixed his business interests with those of the government .
Caprica , Syfy 's dark , roiling prequel to Battlestar Galactica , is really about the American Empire and its unavoidable collapse , says actor James Marsters , who joins the show Friday .
We took the opportunity to ask Marsters if he 's coming back to Torchwood .
Advertisement
There are minor spoilers for Caprica in this post , by the way .
We were lucky enough to take part in a conference call with Marsters , best known for his role as Spike on Buffy and Angel , today .
Marsters joins Caprica as Barnabus Greeley , the fanatical leader of a sect of monotheists linked to the train - bombers .
The Chicago Tribune ran an exclusive clip the other day which showed Marsters ' character wrapping his arms in barbed wire as a way of mortifying his flesh .
Advertisement
We asked Marsters how he felt about playing a religious zealot , after years of playing bad boys , and he said :
I love anybody who has conviction enough to make mistakes , because only people who make mistakes get into enough trouble to be called drama ...
I feel like I understand why he 's doing what he 's doing : he 's living in a time that is coming apart at the seams .
In his world , people are committing mass sacrifice , and mass execution , and mass orgies , and people are shooting each other for fun .
In Rome , it was the coliseum .
In Caprica , it 's the V - club .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Even thought these virtual murders and orgies are n't real , Greeley sees them having a real psychological effect on people .
And we find out that Greeley 's own father was a decent , upstanding man until he became addicted to V - clubs , and now he 's all but lost .
So Greeley belives the polytheistic religions are not steering people towards moral behavior , and he wants to replace them with a monotheistic religion that has one God , and tells people what to do — with a clearcut punishment if you do n't do it .
" He 's willing to have a revolution to make it happen , " says Marsters .
Advertisement
And Marsters says Caprica 's portrayal of a society on the verge of collapse — whose residents do n't know they 're doomed to destruction within 50 years — is a clear parallel to our own reality .
" Being that Caprica is scifi , you do n't have to call it America .
You can call it Caprica . "
You only have to watch Battlestar Galactica to know how screwed these people are .
Meanwhile , in the here and now , you only have to listen to climatologists or experts on food supplies and clean water to know how precarious our situation is .
" In scifi and fantasy , we address those issues , " Marsters says .
" We just change the names . "
Advertisement
Marsters says he 's filmed five episodes of Caprica so far , culminating in episode nine or ten , and he's not sure whether his character will reappear in the first season .
" They 've left the door open " to bring his character back .
He says Jane Espenson , whom he worked with on Buffy , really wanted him on the show and really fought for him , and he would follow Espenson anywhere .
He originally auditioned for another role on Caprica , but even though he auditioned several times , it did n't work out .
But when the Greeley role opened up , they thought of him .
He has n't gotten to hang out with Espenson this time around , but they 've continued their relationship through her scripts and his acting .
" I like to say we made love together , through the script and through the dailies [ of his performance ] .
I tried to take everything she was adding , and make it just a little bit better . "
Advertisement
We were dying to ask Marsters if he 's had any chats with Russell T. Davies about coming back to Torchwood , where he plays Captain John Hart .
There have been no discussions , he says , but Davies " knows I 'm his bitch . "
Any time Davies wants to work with him , whether it 's just five lines or the lead role , Marsters will be there .
Likewise , someone asked Marsters about returning to Smallville , and he sounded up for it .
Advertisement
As for reprising his role as Spike , though , Marsters sounded dubious .
Spike is supposed to be an immortal vampire who does n't age .
He does n't want to have to explain away the fact that he looks older by with some " lame line " like saying that Spike has been drinking pig 's blood and that 's made him age slowly .
But he still thinks that " when I 'm rested , I look okay , with the right lighting . "
So he would n't say no to doing a screentest as Spike , to " see if we can light this guy " to look like he has n't aged .
" But I am aging , and I get nervous . "
I got the chance to attend the 2nd London Linked Data Meetup that was co-located with dev8d last week , which turned out to be a whole lot of fun .
I figured if I waited long enough other people would save me from having to write a good summary / discussion of the event … and they have : thanks Pete Johnston , Ben Summers , Sheila Macneill , Martin Belam and Frankie Roberto .
The main thing that I took away is how much good work the BBC is doing in this space .
Given the recent news of cuts at the BBC , it seems like a good time to say publicly how important some of the work they are doing is to the web technology sector .
As part of the Meetup Tom Scott gave a presentation on how the BBC are using Linked Data to integrate distinct web properties in the BBC enterprise , like their Programmes and the Wildlife Finder web sites .
The basic idea is that they categorize ( dare I say catalog ? ) television and radio content using wikipedia / dbpedia as a controlled vocabulary .
Just doing this relatively simple thing means that they can create another site like the Wildlife Finder that provides a topical guide to the natural world ( and also happens to use wikipedia / dbpedia as a controlled vocabulary ) , that then links to their audio and video content .
Since the two sites share a common topic vocabulary , they are able to automatically create links from the topic guides to all the radio and television content that are on a particular topic .
For a practical example take a look consider this page for the Great Basin Bristlecone Pine :
If you scroll down on the page you ’ll see a link to a video clip from David Attenborough ’s documentary Life on the Programmes portion of the website .
Now take a step back and consider how these are two separate applications in the BBC enterprise that are able to build a rich network of links between each other .
It ’s the shared controlled vocabulary ( in this case dbpedia derived from wikipedia ) which allows them to do this .
If you take a peak in the html you ’ll see the resource has an alternate RDF version :
The Resource Description Framework ( RDF ) is really just the best data model we have for describing stuff that ’s on the Web , and the type of links between resources that are on ( and off ) the Web .
Personally , I prefer to look at RDF as Turtle which is pretty easily done with Dave Beckett ’s handy rapper utility ( aptitude install raptor - utils if you are following from home ) .
rapper -o turtle http://www.bbc.co.uk/nature/species/Pinus_longaeva
The key bits of the RDF are the description of the Great Basin bristlecone pine :
< http://www.bbc.co.uk/nature/species/Pinus_longaeva> rdfs:seeAlso < http://www.bbc.co.uk/nature/species> ; foaf : primaryTopic < http://www.bbc.co.uk/nature/species/Pinus_longaeva#species> .
< http://www.bbc.co.uk/nature/species/Pinus_longaeva#species> dc:description
" Great Basin bristlecone pines are restricted to the mountain ranges of California , Nevada and Utah and have a remarkable ability to survive in this extremely harsh and challenging environment .
They grow extremely slowly , and are some of the oldest living organisms in the world .
With some aged at almost 5,000 years these amazing trees can reveal information about Earth 's climate variations .
Amazingly , the leaves , or needles , can remain green for over 45 years . "
; wo:class < http://www.bbc.co.uk/nature/class/Pinopsida#class> ; wo :family < http://www.bbc.co.uk/nature/family/Pinaceae#family>
; wo:genus < http://www.bbc.co.uk/nature/genus/Pinus#genus> ; wo:growsIn < http://www.bbc.co.uk/nature/habitats/Mountain#habitat>,
< http://www.bbc.co.uk/nature/habitats/Temperate_coniferous_forest#habitat> ; wo:kingdom < http://www.bbc.co.uk/nature/kingdom/Plant#kingdom> ; wo:name < http://www.bbc.co.uk/nature/species/Pinus_longaeva#name> ; wo:order < http://www.bbc.co.uk/nature/order/Pinales#order>
; wo : phylum < http://www.bbc.co.uk/nature/phylum/Pinophyta#phylum> ; a wo :Species ; rdfs:label " Great Basin bristlecone pine " ; owl:sameAs < http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinus_longaeva> ; foaf : depiction < http://open.live.bbc.co.uk/dynamic_images/naturelibrary_640_credits/downloads.bbc.co.uk/earth/naturelibrary/assets/p/pi/pinus_longaeva/pinus_longaeva_1.jpg> .
And then the description of the clip that is related to the topic of Great Basin bristlecone pine :
< http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p005fs5p#programme> dc:title " Ancient bristlecones " ; po:subject < http://www.bbc.co.uk/nature/species/Pinus_longaeva#species> ; a po:Clip .
And we can follow our nose and fetch a description of the Ancient bristelcones clip :
rapper -o turtle http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p005fs5p
Which tells us lots of stuff , like that it ’s a documentary part of the science and nature genre , gives us a synopsis , and even links the clip to the episode and series it is a part of :
< http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p005fs5p#programme> dc:title " Ancient bristlecones " ; po:format < http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/formats/documentaries#format> ; po:genre < http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/genres/factual/scienceandnature#genre>, < http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/genres/factual/scienceandnature/natureandenvironment#genre> ; po:long_synopsis " " " Bristlecone pines live at the limit of life , above 3,000 m in the mountains of western America .
Almost continuous freezing temperatures and savage winds make life so tough , that these bristlecones only grow for six weeks of the year .
Everything is about conserving energy .
They hardly ever shed their needles which can last more than 30 years .
After centuries of being blasted by storms a full grown tree still survives with only a strip of bark a few inches wide .
These trees live life at such a slow pace they can reach a great age .
Some are over 5,000 years old .
It has been said of the bristlecones that to live here is to take a very long time to die . " " "
; po:medium_synopsis
" Living above 3,000 metres , North America 's bristlecones cope with freezing temperatures and battering winds by only growing for six weeks of the year .
But seeing as they may live for more than 5,000 years , that 's still a fair bit of growing in a single lifetime .
Slowly but surely does it ... " ; po:short_synopsis
" The world 's oldest trees have survived 5,000 years of harsh conditions . "
; po:version < http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p005fs5r#programme> ; a po:Clip .
< http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b00lbpcy#programme> po:clip < http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p005fs5p#programme> ; a po:Series .
< http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b00p90d6#programme> po:clip < http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p005fs5p#programme> ; a po:Episode .
Conspicuously missing from this description is something like :
< http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p005fs5p#programme>
dcterms: subject < http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinus_longaeva> .
But presumably it ’s hiding underneath the covers in the Programmes database , and that ’s what lets them link stuff up ?
Also very interesting was Georgi Kobilarov ’s description of Uberblic .
Since Georgi helped create dbpedia and is now consulting with the BBC , it seems like uberblic is positioning itself to provide a platform for the BBC to have it ’s own local cache of the world of Linked Data .
Having a local curated view of the world of linked data is something Dan Chudnov identified as a real need at the first Linked Data workshop at code4lib 2009 for caching and proxying linked data … so it is really cool to see solutions starting to appear in this space … and for them to be adopted by institutions like the BBC .
Georgi demo’d how an edit on wikipedia would be immediately reflected in the structured data available from uberblic .
It was a real time update , and extremely impressive .
It looks like part of the uberblic strategy is to crawl BBC ’s web site and other pockets of Linked Data to enable the sort of linking across web properties that Tom described .
I ’d also surmise given the realtime nature of this that Georgi is bypassing dbpedia dumps and using the Wikipedia changes atom feed in conjunction with extractors that were built as part of the dbpedia project .
But I ’d love to know more of the mechanics of the update .
It also would be interesting to know if uberblic has a notion of versions .
The really powerful message that the BBC is helping promote is this idea that good websites are APIs .
Tom mentioned Paul Downey ’s notion that Web APIs Are Just Web Sites .
It ’s a subtle but extremely important point that I learned primarily working closely with Dan Krech for a year or so .
It ’s an unfortunate side effect of lots market driven talk about web2.0 , web3.0 and Linked Data in general that this simple REST message gets lost .
We took it seriously in the design of the “ API ” at the Library of Congress ’ Chronicling America .
It ’s also something I tried to talk about later in the week at dev8d when I had to quickly put a presentation together :
The slides probably wo n’t make much sense on their own , but the basic message was that we often hear about Linked Data in terms of pushing all your data to some triple store so you can start querying it with SPARQL and doing inferencing , and suddenly you ’re going to be sitting pretty , totally jacked up on the Semantic Web .
If you are like me , you ’ve already got databases where things are modeled , and you ’ve created little web apps that have extracted information from the databases and put them on the web as HTML docs for people around the world to read ( queue some mid 1990s grunge music ) .
Expecting people to chuck away the applications and technology stacks they have simply to say they do Linked Data is wishful thinking .
What ’s missing is a simple migration strategy that would allow web publishers to easily recognize the value in publishing the contents of their database as Linked Data , and how it complements the HTML ( and XML , JSON ) publishing they are currently doing .
My advice to folks at dev8d boiled down to :
Keep modelling your stuff how you like
Identify your stuff with Cool URIs in your webapps
Link your stuff together in HTML
Link to machine friendly formats ( RSS , Atom , JSON , etc )
Use RDF to make your database available on the web using vocabularies other people understand .
Start thinking about technologies like SPARQL that will let you query pools and aggregated views of your data .
Consider joining the public - lod discussion list and joining the conversation .
I got some nice comments afterwards from Graham Klyne , Hugh Glaser , Adrian Stevenson and Mark Phillips so I felt pretty happy … granted most of the hard line Linked Data folks had already left a couple days earlier .
So some really exciting stuff is going on at the BBC .
They are using Linked Data in a practical way that benefits their enterprise in real ways .
I ’m crossing my fingers and hoping that the value of what is going on here is recognized , and the various cuts that are going on wo n’t affect any of the fine work they are doing on improving the Web .
For more information check out the Semantic Web Case Study they folks at the BBC wrote summarizing their approach for the W3C .
Show full PR text
2011 Volvo S60 Officially Debuts With 300 - hp T6 and AWD
Feb 9 , 2010
The all - new Volvo S60 - sculpted to move you
The all - new Volvo S60 has its world premiere at the Geneva Motor Show on the 2nd of March .
It makes its entry into one of the automotive world 's toughest segments and is backed by an extroverted attitude that promises to deliver a thrilling driving experience , innovative safety and gorgeous design .
The all - new S60 has been sculpted to move you - both physically and emotionally .
It is without a doubt the most dynamic car model Volvo has ever introduced - and its Pedestrian Detection with Full Auto Brake is a groundbreaking safety feature .
" The sporty design delivers a visual promise of enthusiastic driving characteristics and I can assure you that the all - new S60 truly lives up to that promise , " says Volvo Cars President and CEO Stephen Odell .
" Its driving properties are better than those of any previous Volvo .
The all - new S60's innovative new technologies help you become both a better and a safer driver . "
With the all - new Volvo S60 , Volvo Cars is advancing its position in one of the car world 's most competitive segments : CD Premium .
" The competition is razor - sharp and the customers know exactly what they want .
The emphasis is on emotional stance , sporty design and dynamic driving properties .
Success in this segment means a lot for the brand 's image and we are convinced that the all - new S60 will be one of the strongest contenders , " continued Odell .
Stunning coupe design with four doors
The all - new S60 is sportier and more dynamic than any previous Volvo .
But it is still an unmistakable representative of Scandinavian design at its best .
" The S60 has been sculpted to move you .
Every single line in its design is there to transport you both physically and emotionally .
Its profile is very coupe - like so that the rear doors come as something of a pleasant surprise when you examine the car close - up , " noted Volvo Cars ' Design Director Peter Horbury .
The C - pillar of the all - new S60 stretches sensually all the way to the tail lamps - and the slim coupe - like roof line is accompanied by a new contour at the shoulders on either side of the lower body , creating a gentle yet powerful double wave that sweeps continuously from the headlights to the tail lights .
The dip in the middle of the double wave visually pushes the car down .
This enhances the S60's aggressive stance and makes the car look sleeker and lower .
The sculpted hood and the short overhangs front and rear also emphasize the sports - car feel .
The most dynamic Volvo ever
The all - new S60 is much more than a beautiful study in design .
It is without a doubt the most driver - oriented car model Volvo has ever presented .
" This project has been about pure passion for the task of driving Volvo 's chassis development expertise to its very pinnacle .
We 've crossed into territory where we 've never been before , " commented Stefan Sällqvist , who is in charge of developing the chassis of the all - new S60 .
In the U.S. , it is planned that the all - new S60 will be offered with the sporty " Dynamic " chassis as standard , while other markets will be offered with a " Comfort " chassis as standard and the " Dynamic " chassis as an option .
The difference in ride and handling between the two chassis alternatives can be found in the dampers and the front and rear subframes .
The Comfort variant has a somewhat softer setting to give a smoother ride on poorer road surfaces .
During the development process , the chassis team carved out a holistic solution featuring changes and refinements for virtually every single detail that influences a car 's driving properties .
This includes improved steering , stiffer springs and bushings as well as more damping than in any previous Volvo .
The software in the All - Wheel Drive ( AWD ) system , which is standard on the S60 T6 , has been modified to exploit the sporty new chassis to the limit .
The all - new S60 can be specified with the advanced , self - adjusting FOUR -C active chassis .
The FOUR - C active chassis has been modified and refined for better control and more comfortable feel compared to previous Volvos .
First sedan with Advanced Stability Control
The dynamic new chassis in the all - new Volvo S60 is backed up by a range of electronic systems that sharpen the driving experience even further .
The S60 is the first sedan model on the market with Advanced Stability Control .
With a new roll angle sensor , it is possible to identify any skidding tendency at a very early stage .
This means that the Dynamic Stability and Traction Control ( DSTC ) can step in earlier and with greater precision .
Advanced Stability Control is a great asset in dynamic driving involving considerable lateral forces , thus improving handling and rapid avoidance maneuvers .
Corner Traction Control for tighter cornering
Corner Traction Control is a new feature that uses torque vectoring so the car takes curves with agility and precision .
This technology is a further refinement of the DSTC system .
When cornering , the car 's inner driven wheel is braked at the same time as more power is transmitted to the outer driven wheel .
This allows the driver to take the curve more tightly while reducing any tendency to understeer .
A highly advanced braking system is an important part of the dynamic driving properties of the all - new S60 .
The sedan is equipped with a number of features that interact to provide the shortest possible stopping distance in all scenarios .
Exquisite quality inside
The interior of the all - new S60 takes Volvo Cars to a new dimension in terms of exclusive quality .
In addition , Volvo Cars ' designers have added excitement , contrast and playfulness to the clean simplicity of Scandinavian design tradition .
" The interior has a more extroverted attitude than before , but without losing any of its practical Scandinavian roots .
The all - new S60 brings us up to a whole new level when it comes to the integral experience of color , form , material and technology , " said Horbury .
Scandinavian design is often described with rational adjectives such as functionality , simplicity and clarity .
When creating the all - new S60 , the design team added a modern touch and details that generate excitement , contrast and playfulness .
The interior of the all - new S60 is lavish in terms of its driver - oriented details , but it is still a five - passenger car offering comfortable space for all its occupants .
The sculpted outer rear seats give the passenger in the middle welcome side support .
The all - new S60 benefits from a nearly 2.5 - inch increase in wheelbase , from 106.9 inches to 109.3 inches over the previous - generation S60 .
This increase has a direct impact on rear seat leg room .
Rear passengers will notice a 2.0 - inch increase in leg room .
Knee space in the rear seat has also increased by 1.2 inches compared with the previous - generation S60 .
The rear seat splits 40/60 and the trunk is 4.2 inches wider than in the previous S60 .
Pedestrian Detection with Full Auto Brake
The sporty interior of the all - new S60 is also the most advanced vehicle ever offered to a Volvo driver .
" The interior of the all - new S60 is all about innovative design in two areas : form and technology , " noted Tomas Ahlborg , Project Director for the all - new S60 .
" The design is characterized by sporty freshness down to the smallest detail .
The technological aspect includes smart solutions that contribute to a driving experience unlike that of any other Volvo - from collision avoidance safety and comfort systems to infotainment and audio excellence of absolute world class . "
Pedestrian Detection with Full Auto Brake is a groundbreaking technological solution .
It can detect pedestrians who walk into the road in front of the car , warn the driver - and automatically apply full braking power if the driver does not respond in time .
" We are truly proud of our success in making our technology so reliable that we can offer a complete system that can avoid a collision with a pedestrian by detecting , alerting and applying full braking .
It 's a world first , to the best of our knowledge , " noted Thomas Broberg , Senior Safety Advisor at Volvo Cars .
" With this technology we have increased the braking force in our automatic braking system from fifty percent to full stopping power , "
Can avoid collision with a pedestrian at up to 22 mph
In an emergency situation the driver first receives an audible warning combined with a flashing light in the windscreen 's head - up display .
At the same time , the car 's brakes are pre-charged .
If the driver does not react to the warning and an accident is imminent , full braking power is automatically applied .
Pedestrian Detection with Full Auto Brake can avoid a collision with a pedestrian at speeds of up to about 22 mph if the driver does not react in time .
At higher speeds , the focus is on slowing down the S60 as much as possible prior to the impact .
A lower speed of impact means that the risk of serious injury is significantly reduced .
For instance , if speed is cut from 30 mph to 15 mph , Pedestrian Detection with full auto brake is expected to reduce the fatality risk by as much as 20 percent and in some cases by up to 85 percent .
City Safety standard
The all - new Volvo S60 also features City Safety as standard .
With City Safety , the car automatically brakes if the driver fails to react in time when the vehicle in front slows down or stops - or if he or she is driving too fast towards a stationary object .
The system can lessen or even entirely avoid low - speed rear - end impacts at speeds up to 18 mph .
More powerful T6 version offered in the U.S .
In the U.S. , the all - new S60 will be initially offered with a more powerful version of the T6 engine currently offered in the XC60 premium crossover .
All T6 models come standard with Volvo 's all - wheel - drive system .
The turbocharged T6 displaces 3.0 liters and has been improved still further , primarily thanks to lower internal friction .
It now pumps out 300 hp and no less than 325 lb. - ft. of torque .
Acceleration from 0 - 60 mph takes 6.2 seconds and top speed is electronically limited to 155 mph .
The engine 's power is delivered to the wheels via Volvo 's second - generation six - speed automatic Geartronic transmission .
New valves and lower friction mean faster gear changes than before .
New infotainment system - and world - class audio system
The all - new S60 gets an all - new infotainment system where information from the audio unit , navigation system , Bluetooth - enabled phones and other functions are presented on a seven - inch high - resolution color screen ( U.S. models ) in the upper part of the center console .
The screen is installed high in the instrument panel to make it easy for the driver to keep his or her eyes on the road .
" We are one of the few manufacturers to give the driver access to all infotainment functions via controls in the steering wheel , " noted Ahlborg ,
The audio experience in the all - new S60 has been enhanced compared with previous models .
One of the first car models with MultEQ
The Volvo S60 is one of the first car models in the world to use Audyssey Laboratories MultEQ technology , the standard for room equalization in the home and professional theater markets .
MultEQ removes distortion caused by the car cabin 's acoustics , enabling crisp , clear sound with improved sound quality for everyone in the car .
" Our most advanced system , Premium Sound , has a class - D digital 5x130W amplifier with circuits from Sweden 's Anaview , Dolby Digital in combination with Dolby Pro Logic II Surround , the award - winning MultEQ from Audyssey Laboratories and 12 loudspeakers .
All this creates an audio experience of absolute world class , " said Ahlborg .
In addition to the top - of - the line Premium Sound , the all - new S60 is available with a choice of three other audio systems .
Annual target 90,000 cars globally
The initial annual target for the all - new Volvo S60 is 90,000 cars .
The customer base is spread unusually uniformly throughout the world .
Europe ( including Russia ) , North America and the rest of the world will each account for about one - third of total sales .
The all - new S60 is built at the Volvo Cars factory in Ghent , Belgium .
The first cars will be delivered to European customers this September , with U.S. S60s arriving late 2010 .
Pricing for the all - new S60 will be announced closer to the car 's on - sale date in the U.S .
" Irrespective of whether the customers are in the USA , Europe or elsewhere in the world , they all prioritize the same characteristics .
Now we are giving them an entirely new S60 that has a unique appeal to even the most discerning of buyers , " says Stephen Odell .
Red Bull have revealed their 2010 F1 car , the RB6 .
Here are the first pictures of the new car .
Red Bull have taken a gamble by missing the first test of 2010 to work on the design of their RB6 .
Designer Adrian Newey expalined the changes on the new car :
The RB6 is very much an evolution of the 2009 car .
We tried to refine and evolve it rather than go to new concepts .
As a result , the car looks similar with elements such as the chassis and pull - rod rear suspension retained .
The two main challenges were the larger fuel tank and the smaller front tyre .
With the fuel tank , there was more to it than simply putting a bigger tank in the car – it puts more load on the brakes , so the brake cooling has to cope with that and you also have to consider what effect that extra fuel will have on the tyre degradation early in the race and if there ’s anything we should change mechanically to cope with that .
The narrower front tyre changes weight distribution and the balance of the car .
I think it ’s a sensible evolution of the 2009 car .
One obvious difference is that the 2009 car was not designed to suit a double - diffuser and we had to try to put one on as best we could around the existing rear suspension and gear box .
With this car we ’ve been able to design that part of the car from scratch .
Adrian Newey
Advert | Become a RaceFans supporter and go ad - free
Red Bull RB6 launch pictures
See here for pictures of the RB6 on - track : F1 testing pictures : 10th February
Advert | Become a RaceFans supporter and go ad - free
I wrote my first hello - world XS module the other day .
Called Wretched ::XS , it does nothing more than print , “ Hello wretched world . ”
As with all hello worlds it was quite simple .
Generate the skeleton of the module like so :
h2xs - A -x -n Wretched ::XS
cd Wretched-XS
Make a file wretched .h :
#include < stdio.h >
void wretched_hello ( ) ;
and a file wretched .
c
#include " wretched.h " void wretched_hello( ) {
printf ( " %s " , " Hello wretched world " ) ;
return ;
}
Add to XS.xs
void wretched_hello ( )
Export the equivalent Perl subroutine in lib / Wretched / XS.pm :
our @EXPORT = qw (
wretched_hello
) ;
In Makefile .
PL , add the object files to be linked :
OBJECT => ' XS. o wretched .o' ,
Build it …
$ perl Makefile .
PL
$ make
$ make test
$ make install
… and give it a try .
% perl - MWretched : : XS -e ' wretched_hello ' ;
Hello wretched world
That is about as simple as XS gets .
Stayed tuned for further adventures in XS .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Canada 's History is a depraved sexual act first performed around 1898 in the lawless Yukon territory by " Meaty " Georges Gagnon , a French - Canadian prospector during the Klondike Gold Rush .
Georges performed the act on many willing and unwilling men , women , children , and domesticated animals ( the rumors of this act being performed on moose and kodiak bears are unconfirmed ) .
The act was called a " Dark mar on Canada 's History " by local politicians , and " the only interesting thing in Canada 's History " by American papers sensationalizing the Klondike Gold Rush .
The act itself was said to originally consist of Georges approaching with moose antlers strapped to his head .
Georges ( known for having meaty lumberjack hands ) would then proceed to fist the orifice of his victim .
Georges would proceed to insert his penis into the fist within the orifice and masturbate to ejaculation .
Georges used " the only lubrication worthy of a true Canadian Gold Man " , maple syrup .
He would chug the syrup , while cursing the Queen and lavishly praising Gold .
Modernly , the act has changed to honor hockey legend , Wayne Gretzky ( many considered it source of his greatness ) .
A proper rendition of Canada 's History now requires that the victim be bent over , face resting in the cup , which is filled to the brim with maple syrup .
The act risks asphyxiation and is so dangerous that Canadian Healthcare System uses a form called a 1206c ( h ) , which is to be filled out in the case of injuries resulting from the act .
The World Trade Center towers were not the first of New Yorks skyscrapers to be hit by an airplane .
In 1945 , the Empire State Building withstood the impact of a U.S. Army Air Corps B - 25 bomber .
Fourteen lives were lost , but the steel structure remained standing after the unarmed trainer plane slammed into the buildings 79th floor .
The accident was ruled by authorities to be caused by pilot error , after Lieutenant Colonel William F. Smith Jr. , a decorated veteran of World War II and experienced pilot , apparently lost his way in the dense fog that had enveloped Manhattan that Saturday morning in July .
Smith was flying the twin - engine bomber from his home in Bedford , Massachusetts to Newark , New Jersey , where he had planned to pick up his commanding officer before continuing on to home base in South Dakota .
Smith had been scheduled to land at La Guardia Airport , and the air traffic controller directed him to do so .
Smith , however , asked for and received permission to land in Newark instead .
The last words the air traffic controller spoke to Smith were  At the present time , I cant see the top of the Empire State Building ,  according to the Empire State Buildings web site .
At 9:40 a.m. , as workers went about their business in the Catholic War Relief Office on the 79th floor , the B - 25 crashed into that office at 322 kilometers per hour .
The impact reportedly tore off the bombers wings , leaving a five meter by six meter hole in the building .
One engine was catapulted through the Empire State Building , emerging on the opposite side and crashing through the roof of a neighboring building .
The second engine and part of the bombers landing gear fell through an elevator shaft .
When the plane hit , its fuel tanks were reported to have exploded , engulfing the 79th floor in flames .
The 102 - story building shook with the initial impact , according to witnesses , but within three months , the damage was repaired at a cost of about $ 1 million .
Smith died in the crash , along with two other crew members .
Eleven workers died in the Catholic War Relief Office , and at least two dozen people were injured .
Every gun that is made , every warship launched , every rocket fired signifies in the final sense , a theft from those who hunger and are not fed , those who are cold and are not clothed .
This world in arms is not spending money alone .
It is spending the sweat of its laborers , the genius of its scientists , the hopes of its children .
This is not a way of life …
Under the clouds of war , it is humanity hanging on a cross of iron .
– Dwight Eisenhower , American Society of Newspaper Editors , 16 April 1953
President Obama called his $ 3.8 - trillion budget a big step in restoring America ’s economic health .
Last year he promoted TARP , the Troubled Assets Relief Program to bail out the financial sector at a mere $ 700 billion .
Anyone – even billionaire bankers — can make mistakes that wreak ruin on the rest of us !
Obama also declared as “ untouchable ” the Pentagon budget of $ 1.5 trillion ( including hidden costs in other government branches ) , which dwarfs the rescue package for the financial oligarchs .
Both payouts , however , used the same logic : Congress taking from the have - nots and giving it to the have - mores .
Indeed , the economic , political and military potentates depend on the federal budget to transfer taxpayer resources to them .
This evolving military - industrial complex , a partnership of interlocking government and corporate networks , has used public wealth to enrich itself .
The manufacturing part of this complex rarely produces anything people live in , wear , or eat .
Despite National Rifle Association claims , armaments do not meet civilian needs .
In fact , there exists a dramatic gulf between a healthy economy and a social order based on military spending .
During the very period ( 1998 - 2008 ) when the US economy ’s share of global output dropped from 32 to 23 % , the Defense budget doubled .
( Loren Thompson , “ QDR Can’t Solve Three Biggest Defense Challenges , Lexington Institute , January 28 , 2010 )
The Defense Department ’s eschewal of economic reality finds its counterpart in its disinterest in accountability .
The dramatic admission of this statement of priorities came from Former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld who admitted publicly that that DOD could not find $ 2.3 trillion .
The money is still missing .
( “ The War on Waste : Defense Department Cannot Account for 25 % of Funds – $ 2.3 Trillion , CBS Evening News , January 29 , 2002 )
Future Defense chiefs wo n’t face such embarrassment .
On May 8 , 2009 the GAO informed the House Subcommittee on Government Management that six executive agencies can prohibit audits and investigations by the Inspector General — Defense , Treasury , Federal Reserve Board , Department of Justice , Homeland Security and the Postal Service and the CIA ’s infamous and classified “ Black budgets . ”
Accountability has now taken remote second place to “ national security . ”
Security , however , must include employment , and military industries do create jobs .
They also get tax breaks from states competing for their business .
But even without tax breaks , many defense corporations choose the patriotic option of overseas tax havens .
A December 2008 GAO report , for example , disclosed that 83 percent of the largest publicly traded U.S. corporations , doing business for the federal government , sought tax refuge via their foreign subsidiaries .
The bottom - line savvy CFO ’s of these companies do not , however , skimp on super - salaried lobbyists .
War profiteering , they know , fits hand - in - glove with secured profits from “ defense ” contracts !
Such practices win bi-partisan support and keep well oiled Washington ’s ubiquitous revolving doors .
So what ’s new ?
US deficits approach $ 1.6 trillion per year , and Washington still looks to China and Japan to buy its paper albeit the U.S. already owes them almost as much as this year ’s deficit .
The US government will pay $ 250 billion of annual debt interest .
Wars in Afghanistan and Iraq have already sucked up $ 1 trillion .
“ Experts ” expect these “ defensive engagements ” to cost an additional $ 250 billion this year ; Obama ’s surge of 30,000 more troops in Afghanistan will raise the budget by $ 30 + billion , slightly more than Germany spends on its annual defense .
//
Is spending public money Washington ’s real “ defense ” ?
Unemployment remains officially around 10 % , the economy has yet to recover , but the Pentagon prospers .
Its budget equals about half of total world military spending .
Ironically , with all its money , DoD still faces a serious manpower shortage .
The empire dares not institute another unpopular draft — bad Vietnam War protest memories .
Hence , it relies on the poor and on migrants seeking citizenship .
Military service offers poor youngsters possible upward mobility .
But not enough of them feel desperate enough to serve .
So , the Pentagon hires mercenaries — oops , contractors — who cost more initially but do n’t get counted when wounded or dead , and do n’t run up future veterans ’ costs .
The Pentagon hopes to meet labor shortage challenges through robotics , drones and computers — machines with no ghosts .
The military also depends on “ worst case scenario ” dreamers , bad news Mandarins who fantasize threats to the empire .
The 19th century utopians imagined a peaceful industrialized and rational world .
The new dystopians create future overseas foreign threats , and search for “ foreign Moby Dicks . ”
( “ Novel Politics : Questions for Carlos Fuentes , ” Deborah Solomon , NY Times , April 30 , 2006 )
Their “ studies ” appear inside special Pentagon offices for analysis .
A December 2007 report was called “ A Nuclear - Armed Regional Opponent : Is Victory Possible ? ” ; in July 2002 , “ After Next Nuclear Use . ”
Other studies have classified titles , but their authors come from ( un ) think tanks like the Washington - based Hudson Institute , or belong to government consulting firms like Booz Allen Hamilton , or Scitor Corporation and IHS International .
Former Office of Net Assessment director Andrew Marshall epitomizes this breed of horror scenario script writers .
People who the late C. Wright Mills called “ defense intellectuals ” now postulate concurrent , and different , military strategies : nuclear battlefields , star wars , traditional warfare , irregular warfare , virtual warfare , counterinsurgency , foreign internal defense , unconventional warfare , full spectrum dominance , homeland security ( somehow different from Defense ) , stability operation , post warfare security , smart power , soft power , hard power , militarized humanitarian assistance , complex security challenges and “ nation building ” .
Left critics misunderstood the new strategies when they screamed : “ The Iraq War is about oil . ”
Or the Afghan conflict is about “ natural gas pipelines . ”
As if decisions on going to war depended solely on a few large energy corporations profiting on the trillion plus spent on these wars .
A few right wingers – not liberals — like Pat Buchanan and Congressman Ron Paul dare challenge the empire .
“ Our situation is unsustainable .
The steady expansion of global commitments , as relative national power declines , is a prescription for endless wars and eventual disaster , ” wrote Buchanan .
“ It is my hope that the price in blood , treasure , and humiliation America will eventually be forced to pay for the hubris , arrogance , and folly of our reigning foreign policy elites is not , God forbid , war , defeat , and the diminution of this republic — the fate of every other great nation or empire that set out on this same course . ”
After World War II US manufacturing stood as the foundation of economic power .
Sixty five years later , manufacturing has become a US expatriate .
Successive Administrations have paved the road for gonifs ( bankers and investors ) to usurp the economy .
After manipulating other people ’s money for their own profits led to financial collapse two Presidents and Congresses nevertheless bailed them out .
What should be done ?
Charlie Cray and Lee Drutman call for converting all defense - related companies into publicly controlled , nonprofit status entities and forbid them to lobby or contribute to campaigns .
( Corporations and the Public Purpose : Restoring the Balance , Seattle Journal for Social Justice , Winter 2005 ) Unlikely !
Those 19 crazy guys with box cutters – now dead – have lots of nutty relatives .
So , we have be healthy to defend the country .
Obama could propose a National Defense Medicare bill , lodged inside the Pentagon budget .
Instead of the Pentagon fighting health care for the lion ’s share of the total US budget it would assume health care as just one more task in the unending challenge of defending our besieged nation .
In an effort to wrap our collective heads around all the Causes that can Effect Climate Change , perhaps we could go up into Space to gain some seriously wide - angle perspectives on the subject , and then come back down to Earth with a more grounded view of what ’s driving this change .
The first layer of atmosphere that we encounter upon re-entry is the Mesospehere , and it ’s a frontier zone that ’s only now being better explored for it ’s peculiar properties .
What ’s driving this curiosity are visible signs of changes going on up there , which are impacting some wild theories about geo-engineering the skies , to counteract climate change down here .
More than 120 years after their discovery , Noctilucent Clouds ( from the Latin words for “ Night Shining ” ) remain a mysterious enigma that only appears up at the very edge of space – or about 75 - 85 kilometers ( 50 miles ) straight up !
This area is called the Mesosphere , and it ’s not only very cold ( - 193 F /- 125C ) , but it ’s also incredibly dry .
Studies show that the mesosphere is about 100 MILLION times drier than the Sahara , so one of the questions that we find 80 kms above us is : just how do these eerie clouds form under such poor conditions ?
Just to contrast abit , the highest clouds that we normally see are called Cirrus , and form at only about 11 km ( 36,000 feet ) where it only gets down to about - 40C .
So …Let ’s consider what makes clouds to begin with ?
Basically ice crystals , or rain need to two things to form .
A dust ( 1 ) particle that allows ( 2 ) water vapor to collect / condense around the particle in a process called “ nucleation ” .
The theories on Noctilucent Clouds are that the dust required to form them at that altitude is either coming from space , or somehow coming up from the surface far , far below .
Water vapor is also incredibly scarce at that altitude , which suggests theories that the water is actually coming from rocket exhaust .
An even more fascinating theory suggests that oxidized Methane * is at the supply base for the components of water since atmospheric methane levels have been increasing since the 19th century , and have more than doubled in the past century !
So we might be just seeing the early signs of some new form of climate change at work up there at the edge of space …
It bears mentioning , that these heretofore rather rare Noctilucent Cloud ( NLC ) formations have already been named ( previously ) as Polar Mesospheric Clouds ( PMC’s ) , but this name has fallen into disuse since NCL ’s are now becoming visible at MUCH lower latitudes , and can no longer be simply characterised as a “ polar ” phenomena anymore .
Gary Thomas , is a professor at the University of Colorado who studies NLCs .
He says “ Noctilucent clouds are a relatively new phenomenon .
They were first seen in 1885 , about two years after the powerful eruption of Krakatoa in Indonesia , which hurled immense plumes of ash as high as 80 kilometers into Earth ’s atmosphere ” .
Given the circumstances around their discovery , and their more recent spread to the South , Global warming is also implicated in the formation of these the beautiful yet mysterious clouds .
The more interesting theories around this southern migration include the aforementioned Methane oxidization , and the proposal that since more heat is being reflected back in the lower atmosphere ( by various Greenhouse effects ) then the Mesosphere receives less radiated heat and is cooled even further , and thus rendering it more prone to ice crystal formation further south .
Of course , where the traces of water vapor are even coming from also remains a compelling subject for further study .
Back in 2006 , the Aeronomy of Ice in the Mesosphere satellite , or AIM for short , orbited Earth at an altitude of 342 miles ( 550 kilometers ) for 2 years .
“ Although it ’s a small satellite ” , said Thomas at the time , “ there are many sensors on board .
AIM will take wide angle photos of NLCs , measure their temperatures and chemical abundances , monitor dusty aerosols , and count meteoroids raining down on Earth .
For the first time we ’ll be able to monitor all the crucial factors at once . ”
AIM ’s principal investigator Jim Russell , of Hampton University , told reporters that “ other satellite missions have made measurements of these clouds , but they were n’t optimized and it was not their intent in the beginning .
They provided information , but not enough to really address the fundamental question of why [ the clouds ] form and how they vary . ”
Meanwhile , back in the Present , we can speculate that enough data was recovered by AIM over 2 years , to warrant a followup mission that ’s scheduled to be launched any day now .
Scheduled to launch last Tuesday ( 15/09/09 ) , the Charged Aerosol Release Experiment ( CARE ) is a project of the Naval Research Laboratory and the Department of Defense ( DoD ) Space Test Program .
The module will launch aboard a NASA four - stage Black Brant XII suborbital sounding rocket .
Using ground based instruments and the STP / NRL STPSat - 1 spacecraft that is already in orbit , scientists will study an artificial noctilucent cloud formed by the exhaust particles of the rocket ’s fourth stage .
Again , the Mesosphere exists between 30 - 50 miles up , and is a poorly understood layer of our sky , since it exists above the Stratosphere where highest airplanes can fly , but below the Thermosphere were the lowest spacecraft can orbit , and is therefore only explorable using sub-orbital ‘ sounding rockets ’ .
Curiously the NASA write - up on this project states that the rocket dust will be emitted at 173 miles , and then observed by the Spatial Heterodyne Imager for Mesospheric Radicals ( SHIMMER ) module that is aboard the STPS at - 1 satellite .
As we wait for results of these experiments to trickle down into specialty publications , we can indulge ourselves in abit of theory , as to what the purpose of this mission actually is , since the official news release is entirely blank about what is actually driving this research project .
Obviously the Naval Research Laboratory ( NRL ) , and the Department of Defense ( DoD ) are not using their budgets on some errand of philanthropic mercy for the rest of Humanity .
Although it would be nice to think that this is all about studying obscure factors in Climate Change , the truth is likely far more complex .
The NRL has a long history in space exploration going back to early work with V2 rockets , and they have a clear and vested interest in atmospheric , solar , and astro physics .
They are obviously looking for signs of something very ‘ big ’ going on out there , at a very ‘ small ’ level .
Some have speculated that the DoD is concerned about how trackable the vapor trails or diffused radar reflections will appear from some ( as yet ) unseen Hypersonic Bomber that will fly well above the Stratosphere .
Or perhaps someone just wants to prove that the NLC’c are simply the result of rocket propulsion and not pollution .
Crazier ideas suggest that this is a pre-emptive study of counter - measures against diabolical Eco - Warfare nightmares from the Future .
Most importantly , this mission could indeed be the first step in a very slippery slope of Geo ( uhm ) ECO - Engineering in the upper atmosphere .
An area of endeavor that ( as yet ) has nothing even remotely close to proper international regulation and enforcement systems in place .
At least , to manage the possibly disastrous effects of trifling with nature on a level never before even widely imagined , let alone actually undertaken .
Does anybody still beleive that God gave us dominion over the Earth to do as we ’d please ?
We should also be reminded us that the UN already has ( toothless ) measures in place against Climate Modification , that were apparently spurred by U.S. attempts to seed torrential rains over the HoChiMinh ( supply ) Trail during the Vietnam ( erm ) conflict .
I would be tempted to remind us all of the UN ’s ( in ) ability to curb the use of simple machetes used in Rwandan genocide , and to pray for a much stronger international voice and body to protect us from any threats of Eco - Warfare in the future .
Perhaps though , like the nuclear threats of yore , this will all just be a matter of developing first strike capability and creating another effective deterrence .
Phew … That was a theoretically close call !
Realistically , we should all just be concerned that if the mesosphere can indeed be seeded to form clouds and reflect sunlight , and thus somehow abate global warming , that this might also have a cooling effect on the fight against ecological destruction right here on the surface as well .
After all …
If we can just correct against climate change that high up in the atmosphere , why solve the problem at its source down here on the ground ?
This Pseudo - Sci-Fi concept is what ’s currently being referred to as Geo-Engineering , although I think the term ECO - Engineering is abit more accurate , and it sounds sounds abit nicer …
Does n’t it ?
Feel free to click for a quick backgrounder on some other GEO / ECO - Engineering potentials .
Meanwhile back in our current Reality … .
You can follow news on any future launches from the Wallops facility in Virginia , via http://twitter.com/NASA_Wallops
Or better yet , just Follow Me ( on Twitter ) for any new takes , and interpreted updates with an easy clik …
< a href = ” http://www.stumbleupon.com/submit?url=&title=”>
Google , the company that wants to make the world ’s information accessible , says the race and gender of its work force is a trade secret that can not be released .
So do Apple , Yahoo , Oracle and Applied Materials .
These five companies waged an 18 - month Freedom of Information battle with the Mercury News , convincing federal regulators who collect the data that its release would cause “ commercial harm ” by potentially revealing the companies ’ business strategy to competitors .
A sixth company , Hewlett - Packard , fought the release and lost .
But many of their industry peers see the issue differently .
The Mercury News initially set out to obtain race and gender data on the valley ’s 15 largest companies , and nine — including Intel , Cisco Systems , eBay , AMD , Sanmina and Sun Microsystems — agreed to allow the U.S. Department of Labor to provide it .
“ There ’s nothing to hide , in our view , ” said Chuck Mulloy , a spokesman for Intel , which contacted the Mercury News to share its employment data after learning of the newspaper ’s federal FOIA request filed in early 2008 .
“ We just felt that we ’re very proud of the ( diversity ) programs we have in place and the efforts we put forth , and we do n’t have any trouble sharing it . ”
Experts in the area of equal employment law scoffed at the idea that public disclosure of race and gender data — for example , the number of black men or Asian women in job categories such as “ professionals , ” “ officials & managers ” and “ service workers ” — could really allow competitors to discern a big tech company ’s business strategy .
A bigger issue , they said , is the social cost of allowing large , influential corporations to hide their race and gender data .
“ One of the main ways that we track how society is doing in terms of race relations , in terms of eliminating discrimination , in terms of promoting diversity , is by looking at statistics , ” said Richard Ford , a Stanford University law professor who is an expert in civil rights and anti-discrimination law .
“ But if we ca n’t get the data , we ca n’t know if it ’s a problem or not . ”
John Sims , a law professor at the University of the Pacific and an expert in FOIA law , called the objections of Google , Apple and other companies “ absurd . ”
“ The whole debate on affirmative action is based on the question , ‘ Is racial discrimination a thing of the past , or is it still going on ? ’ ” Sims said .
“ These companies are very interesting to look at , because they are new and they are not just in the rut of what they were doing 50 years ago , because they did n’t exist 50 years ago . ”
The Labor Department data ultimately obtained by the Mercury News shows that while the collective work force of 10 of the valley ’s largest companies grew by 16 percent from 1999 to 2005 , an already small population of black workers dropped by 16 percent , while the number of Hispanic workers declined by 11 percent .
By 2005 , only about 2,200 of the 30,000 Silicon Valley - based workers at those 10 companies were black or Hispanic .
In addition , among the roughly 5,900 managers at those companies in 2005 , about 300 were either black or Hispanic — a 20 percent dip from five years earlier .
Women slipped to 26 percent of managers in 2005 , from 28 percent in 2000 .
Companies such as Google and Apple are particularly crucial to study , Ford said , because many of the nation ’s civil rights laws were written in the 1960s for a different workplace than the information - driven jobs of today .
The Mercury News initially asked the Labor Department to release so - called EEO - 1 race and gender data for the 15 largest companies ranked by sales in the newspaper ’s SV150 Index .
Following an appeal lodged by the Mercury News against the six companies that objected , the Labor Department released Hewlett - Packard ’s data after the company failed , government lawyers said , to provide a detailed objection “ when we requested its views . ”
But the Labor Department accepted arguments filed by lawyers for Google , Apple , Yahoo , Oracle and Applied Materials that release of the information would cause commercial harm .
The department declined to share the text of the detailed arguments made by the companies .
“ Such data can demonstrate a company ’s evolving business strategy , ” William W. Thompson II , an associate solicitor with the Labor Department , wrote in the agency ’s notification of its final action .
“ The companies have articulated to us that they are in a highly competitive environment in which less mature corporations can use this EEO - 1 data to assist in structuring their business operations to better compete against more established competitors . ”
Google recently announced that it donated $ 8 million over the last two weeks of 2009 to help underrepresented minorities follow careers in technology , including the donation of laptops to more than 600 high schools , and donations to groups such as the National Society of Black Engineers .
Still , the company declined to release any racial or gender breakdown of its 20,000 workers .
“ As we ’ve previously said , we do n’t release this information for competitive reasons , ” a spokeswoman said .
Contact Mike Swift at 408-271-3648 .
Follow him at Twitter.com / swiftstories and view his Google+ profile .
So you saw that the first MOTO smartphone touchscreen comparison was done with a fleshy humanoid controlling the testing finger and discounted it as scientifically flawed ?
Well , MOTO 's back and this time the arm of judgment is operated by a coldly mechanical and ruthlessly precise robot -- a machine in itself , we 'll assume the robot is intrinsically immune to developing fanboy tendencies .
Joining the iPhone , Droid Eris , Droid , and Nexus One of the earlier test are Palm's Pre and RIM's BlackBerry Storm 2 , whose results you can see at the source link below .
The full test methodology is also explained there , including a list of the drawing apps used , which were selected with a view to minimizing smoothing algorithms that may prejudice the outcome .
We 're not gonna tell you who won , you have eyes of your own after all , and will just direct you after the break for the full robot - on - smartphone video action .
Glenn Beck long ago went around the bend and over the cliff rhetorically .
Indeed , he has gone around several bends in the past year .
So it was no big surprise that his big defeat with the passage of health - care reform sent him at warp speed round yet another .
This time , it seems he went around the penultimate bend :
At the end of two days ' worth of ranting , he evidently concluded that the Obama administration and the cadre of evil " progressives " in government are intentionally taking up immigration reform in the wake of the health - care vote because they hope to provoke an armed insurrection .
That 's not quite justifying armed revolution , but it sure is nuzzling right up next to it by giving it an excuse .
This conclusion was one he built up over two days , beginning Monday with the usual deprecations about the motives of the people who supported health - care reform :
" You always thought the bad guys always lost in the end . "
" All of the pressure and the bribes went to the dirty congressmen on the left , on the Democrats . "
" They [ Democrats ] have finally been toppled , forced to submit . "
" They sold their souls for this vote . "
" Well , what they 've become is ruthless , amoral , ends - justify - the - means , Saul Alinskyites who will do anything , including eat their own to get what they want . "
Oh , and lest anyone forget : Michael Moore is fat .
" Because the average Democrat is not the California hippie Marxist Socialist Communist Progressive , sticking flowers in the barrel , sitting around smokin ' dope all day during college and talkin ' about how they can destroy the evil American empire . "
" America changed for me this weekend .
I do n't see it anymore as this television set used to show me .
I mean , I never thought I would see the kind of corruption , the backroom deals , the bribes , the out and out ... scumminess ... that got us to this health - care vote . "
Beck again compared it to Pearl Harbor -- and then added the St. Valentine 's Day Massacre " when the Mob came in and cleaned things up " ) , Chamberlain meeting with Hitler , and tossed in Jimmy Carter 's election ( huh ? ) and the burning of the Hindenburg ( which he said is a picture of Medicare and Medicaid ) .
He finished :
It will be remembered as a black spot in our nation 's history , it will be .
It will be -- ah well , depending on who wins the war .
Because those are the people that will write the history books .
What 's that ?
War ?
What war would that be ?
We 're not sure at first , but he drops a few hints later , after disparaging his opposition as Marxists , professors , dupes , and leeches :
I got news for you , gang :
The game is on .
We 're going to win .
They might win a few battles .
We 'll win the war .
Because we 'll never give in .
Never .
This part you can believe .
Because that 's been obvious since the day Barack Obama was elected -- Beck and his fellow conservatives would never concede the results of the election , would never respect the outcome politically , and would never stop fighting by whatever means necessary to stop any progressive agenda .
The next day , he began by calling upon his audience to respond to the passage of health - care reform the same way an earlier generation responded to the attack on Pearl Harbor :
" This is the biggest thing we have ever faced .
This is our Pearl Harbor , our Normandy , our Custer 's Last Stand . "
( Eh ?
Not sure what the most one - sided and foolishly led massacre in American military history has to do with Normandy , but whatever . )
But what is the real cause for alarm ?
Beck : Just after winning the contentious , unpopular , rip - us - apart health - care - bill battle by jamming it down the throats of the American people , by hook or by crook , they 're now talking about comprehensive immigration reform .
This week !
Yeah , who could have imagined they'd be talking about it after a crowd at least twice as large as your much - hyped " 9/12 March on Washingonton turned out at the National Mall to demand it ?
Of course , Beck 's audience would n't know about that , since Fox did almost no reportage on it whatsoever -- in stark contrast to the wall - to - wall coverage for the 9/12 event .
At this point , Beck indulged in some really bizarre paranoia :
Holy cow !
You 've broken three commandments , three of them !
Three of them , all in one principle .
That 's amazing .
And for those of you in the administration who are coming after me on this one , I mean , remember , you 've broken three , let 's not make it four : ' Thou shalt not kill . '
Yes , Beck must keep an eye on his back at all times to watch for the evil Obama administration evildoers who are plotting to kill him .
Oy .
But all this leads to his final conclusions :
Beck :
Why would the president take up immigration right away , after he 's just punched you in the face with health care ?
Beck then compared health - care reform to spanking , saying that loving parents hug their kids after they spank them , and that 's not what the Obama administration did :
Beck :
So what happened , what happened this week ?
Have n't we just been spanked ?
Has n't most the country -- does n't most the country feel like they 've been spanked ?
[ Um , actually , Glenn , no .
Most of the country is glad it passed . ]
Beck :
If you loved us , what would you do ?
You would hug us .
But they 're not .
They 're going for illegal immigration , which almost tore us apart just a few years ago .
Why would you do that ?
Hmmm .
That 's a really hard one to figure out .
Why exactly would the people who have been demonized as " cancer " out to " destroy America " on a daily basis by people like Glenn Beck and his adoring followers want to lift a single finger on their behalf ?
Why would anyone love people who make careers out of sliming and smearing them ?
Eh ?
Simple answer : Nobody loves you .
Why are the Tea Parties always being labeled as terrorist ?
Why is it ?
" They 're extremists , they 're terrorists , they 're hatemongers , they 're dangerous ! "
What is it that these evolutionaries want ?
You 'd pick up a gun ?
You ever thought of that ?
These people have .
Because possibly , maybe the question should be asked : Maybe they 're tired of evolution , and they are waiting for revolution .
Beck 's clearly implying that the administration is deliberately trying to anger the Tea Partiers so much that they take up arms and start a " revolution . "
In other words , if violence breaks out , it 'll be because the Obama administration deliberately provoked it .
Which means the black helicopters are about to come take Glenn Beck away .
Regular Expression Matching in the Wild
Introduction
The first two articles in this series , “ Regular Expression Matching Can Be Simple And Fast ” and “ Regular Expression Matching : the Virtual Machine Approach , ” introduced the foundation of DFA - based and NFA - based regular expression matching .
Both were based on toy implementations optimized for teaching the basic ideas .
This article is based on a production implementation .
I spent the summer of 2006 building Code Search , which lets programmers search for source code using regular expressions .
That is , it lets you grep through the world 's public source code .
We originally planned to use PCRE for the regular expression search , until we realized that it used a backtracking algorithm , meaning it is easy to make searches take exponential time or arbitrary stack depth .
Since Code Search accepts regular expressions from anyone on the Internet , using PCRE would have left it open to easy denial of service attacks .
As an alternative to PCRE , I wrote a new , carefully reviewed regular expression parser wrapped around Ken Thompson 's open source grep implementation , which uses a fast DFA .
Over the next three years , I implemented a handful of new back ends that collectively replaced the grep code and expanded the functionality beyond what is needed for a POSIX grep .
The result , RE2 , provides most of the functionality of PCRE using a C++ interface very close to PCRE's , but it guarantees linear time execution and a fixed stack footprint .
RE2 is now in widespread use at Google , both in Code Search and in internal systems like Sawzall and Bigtable .
As of March 2010 , RE2 is an open source project , with all development conducted in public .
This article is a tour through the RE2 source code , showing how the techniques in the first two articles apply in a production implementation .
Step 1 : Parse
In the early days , regular expressions had a very simple syntax , mimicking the simple concepts explained in the first article : concatenation , repetition , and alternation .
There were few bells and whistles : character classes , the + and ?
operators , and the positional assertions ^ and $ .
Today , programmers expect a cacophony of bells and whistles .
The job of a modern regular expression parser is to make sense of the din and distill it back into the original fundamental concepts .
RE2's parser creates a Regexp data structure , defined in regexp.h .
It is very close to the original egrep syntax , with a few more special cases :
Literal strings are represented by kRegexpLiteralString nodes , which take up less memory than a concatenation of individual kRegexpLiteral nodes .
nodes , which take up less memory than a concatenation of individual nodes .
Counted repetition is represented by kRegexpRepeat nodes even though that representation cannot be implemented directly ; we 'll see how they get compiled out later .
nodes even though that representation cannot be implemented directly ; we 'll see how they get compiled out later .
Character classes are represented not as a simple list of ranges or as a bitmap but as a balanced binary tree of ranges .
This representation is more complex than a simple list but crucial for handling large Unicode character classes .
The “ any character ” character class gets a special node type , as does the “ any byte ” operator .
There 's a difference between the two when matching UTF - 8 input text , RE2's default mode of operation .
Case - insensitive matching uses a special flag and special case for the ASCII range rather than two - element character classes : ( ? i) abc turns into abc with the case - insensitive bit instead of [ Aa ] [ Bb ] [ Cc ] .
RE2 originally used the latter , but it was too memory - intensive , especially with the tree - based character classes .
RE2's parser is in parse.cc .
It 's a hand - written parser , both to avoid depending on a particular parser generator and because modern regular expression syntax is irregular enough to warrant special care .
The parser does not use recursive descent , because the recursion depth would be potentially unbounded and might overflow the stack , especially in threaded environments .
Instead the parser maintains an explicit parse stack , as a generated LR ( 1 ) parser would .
One thing that surprised me is the variety of ways that real users write the same regular expression .
For example , it is common to see singleton character classes used instead of escaping — [.] instead of \. — or alternations instead of character classes — a|b|c|d instead of [ a - d ] .
The parser takes special care to use the most efficient form for these , so that [.] is still a single literal character and a|b|c|d is still a character class .
It applies these simplifications during parsing , rather than in a second pass , to avoid a larger - than - necessary intermediate memory footprint .
Walking a Regexp
Having parsed the regular expression , it is now time to process it .
The parsed form is a standard tree , which suggests processing it with standard recursive traversals .
Unfortunately , we cannot assume that there is enough stack to do that .
Some devious user might present us with a regular expression like ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( a* ) * ) * ) * ) * ) * ) * ) * ) * ) * ) * ( but bigger ) and cause a stack overflow .
Instead , the traversal of the regular expression must use an explicit stack .
The Walker template hides the stack management , making this restriction a little more palatable .
In retrospect , I think the tree form and the Walker might have been a mistake .
If recursion is not allowed ( as is the case here ) , it might work better to avoid the recursive representation entirely , instead storing the parsed regular expression in reverse Polish notation as in Thompson 's 1968 paper and this example code .
If the RPN form recorded the maximum stack depth used in the expression , a traversal would allocate a stack of exactly that size and then zip through the representation in a single linear scan .
Step 2 : Simplify
The next processing step is simplification , which rewrites complex operators into simpler ones to make later processing easier .
Over time , most of the code in RE2's simplification pass moved into the parser , because simplifying eagerly keeps the intermediate memory footprint down .
Today there is only one task left for the simplifier : the expansion of counted repetitions like x {2,5} into a sequence of basic operations like xx ( x ( x ( x ) ? ) ? ) ? .
Step 3 : Compile
Once the regular expression uses only the basic operations described in the first article , it can be compiled using the techniques outlined there .
It should be easy to see the correspondence .
The RE2 compiler has one interesting twist , which I learned from Thompson 's grep .
It compiles UTF - 8 character classes down to an automaton that reads the input one byte at a time .
In other words , the UTF - 8 decoding is built into the automaton .
For example , to match any Unicode code point from 0000 to FFFF ( hexadecimal ) , the automaton accepts any of the following byte sequences :
[ 00 - 7 F ] // code points 0000 - 007 F [ C2 - DF ] [ 80 - BF ] // code points 0080 - 07 FF [ E0 ] [ A0 - BF ] [ 80 - BF ] // code points 0800-0FFF [ E1 - EF ] [ 80 - BF ] [ 80 - BF ] // code points
1000 - FFFF
The compiled form is not just the alternation of those sequences : common suffixes like the [ 80 - BF ] can be factored out .
The actual compiled form for this example is :
The example above has the advantage of being fairly regular .
Here is the full Unicode range , 000000 - 10 FFFF :
Larger , but still regular .
The real irregularities come from character classes that have evolved over the course of Unicode 's history .
For example , here is \p {Sc} , the currency symbol code points :
The currency symbols are about as complex as will fit in this article , but other classes are much more complex ; for example , look at \p {Greek} ( the Greek script ) or at \p {Lu} ( the uppercase letters ) .
The result of compilation is an instruction graph like in the last two articles .
The representation is closer to the graph in the first but when printed looks like the VM programs in the second .
Compiling out the UTF - 8 makes the compiler a little more complicated but makes the matching engines much faster : they can process one byte at a time in tight loops .
Also , there turn out to be many matchers ; having just one copy of the UTF - 8 processing helps keep the code correct .
Step 4 : Match
Everything described until now happens in RE2's constructor .
After the object is constructed , it can be used in a sequence of match operations .
From the user 's point of view , there are just two match functions : RE2 :: PartialMatch , which finds the first match in the input text , and RE2:: FullMatch , which requires the match to cover the entire input .
From RE2's point of view , though , there are many different questions that can be asked using them , and the implementation adapts to the question .
RE2 distinguishes four basic regular expression matching problems :
Does the regular expression match the whole string ?
RE2::FullMatch(s , " re " ) RE2:: PartialMatch(s , " ^re $ " )
Does the regular expression match a substring of the string ?
RE2 ::PartialMatch(s , " re " )
Does the regular expression match a substring of the string ?
If so , where ?
RE2::PartialMatch(s , " ( re ) " , & match )
Does the regular expression match a substring of the string ?
If so , where ?
Where are the submatches ?
RE2::PartialMatch(s , " ( r+ ) ( e+ ) " , &m1 , &m2 )
Clearly each is a special case of the next .
From the user 's point of view , it makes sense to provide just the fourth , but the implementation distinguishes them because it can implement the earlier questions much more efficiently than the later ones .
Does the regexp match the whole string ?
RE2::FullMatch(s , " re " ) RE2:: PartialMatch(s , " ^re$ " )
This is the question we considered in the first article .
In that article we saw that a simple DFA , built on the fly , outperformed all but the other DFA implementations .
RE2 uses a DFA for this question too , but the DFA is more memory efficient and more thread - friendly .
It employs two important refinements .
Be able to flush the DFA cache .
A carefully chosen regular expression and input text might cause the DFA to create a new state for every byte of the input .
On large inputs , those states pile up fast .
The RE2 DFA treats its states as a cache ; if the cache fills , the DFA frees them all and starts over .
This lets the DFA operate in a fixed amount of memory despite considering an arbitrary number of states during the course of the match .
Do n't store state in the compiled program .
The DFA in the first article used a simple sequence number field in the compiled program to keep track of whether a state appeared on a particular list ( s-> lastlist and listid ) .
That tracking made it possible to do list insertion with duplicate elimination in constant time .
In a multithreaded program , it would be convenient to share a single RE2 object among multiple threads , which rules out the sequence number technique .
But we definitely want list insertion with duplicate elimination in constant time .
Luckily , there is a data structure designed exactly for this situation : sparse sets .
RE2 implements these in the SparseArray template .
( See “ Using Uninitialized Memory for Fun and Profit ” for an overview of the idea . )
Does the regexp match a substring of the string ?
RE2 :: PartialMatch(s , " re " )
The last question asked whether the regexp matched the entire string ; this one asks whether it matches anywhere in the string .
We could reduce this question to the last one by rewriting re into .*re.* , but we can do better by rewriting it to .*re and handling the trailing part separately .
Look for a literal first byte .
The DFA or the compiled program form can be analyzed to determine whether every possible match starts with the same first byte , like when searching for ( research|random ) .
In this case , when the DFA is looking to start a new match , it can avoid the general DFA loop and look for the first byte using memchr , which is often implemented using special hardware instructions .
Bail out early .
If the question being asked is whether there is a partial match ( e.g. , is there a match for ab+ in ccccabbbbddd ? ) , the DFA can stop early , once it finds ab .
By changing the DFA loop to check for a match after every byte , it can stop as soon as there is any match , even if it 's not the longest one .
Remember that the caller only cares whether there is a match , not what it is , so it 's okay for the DFA not to look for the longest one .
This sounds like a slightly different DFA than the one used for the last question , and it is .
The DFA code is written as a single generalized loop that looks at flags controlling its behavior , like whether there is a literal first byte to look for or whether to stop as early as possible .
In 2008 , when I wrote the DFA code , it was too slow to check the flags in the inner loop .
Instead , the InlinedSearchLoop function takes three boolean flags and then is specialized by calling it from eight different functions using all the combinations .
When a call must be made , it is to one of the eight specialized functions rather than the original .
In 2008 , this trick created eight different copies of the search loop , each with a tight inner loop optimized for its particular case .
I noticed recently that the latest version of g++ refuses to inline InlinedSearchLoop because it is such a large function , so there are no longer eight different copies in the program .
It would be possible to reintroduce the eight copies by making InlinedSearchLoop a templated function , but it appears not to matter anymore : I tried that and the specialized code was n't any faster .
Does the regexp match a substring of the string ?
If so , where ?
RE2 :: PartialMatch(s , " ( re ) " , &match )
The caller grows more demanding .
Now it wants to know where the match is but still does n't care about submatch boundaries .
We could fall back to the direct NFA simulation , but that carries with it a significant speed penalty compared to the NFA .
Instead , with a bit more effort we can squeeze this information out of the DFA .
Find the exact endpoint .
Standard presentations of a DFA treat each state as representing an unordered set of NFA states .
If instead we treat the DFA state as a partially ordered set of NFA states , we can track which possibilities take priority over others , so that the DFA can identify the exact place where the match stops .
In POSIX rules , states corresponding to matches beginning earlier in the input take priority over states corresponding to a later start .
For example , instead of the DFA state representing five NFA states { 1,2,3,4,5 } it might represent { 1,4} { 2,3,5} : a match arising from states 1 or 4 is preferred over a match from state 2 , 3 , or 5 .
That takes care of the “ leftmost ” part of “ leftmost longest . ”
To implement the “ longest ” requirement , each time a match is found in a particular state , the DFA records it and continues executing only those states that are of equal or higher priority .
Once the DFA runs out of states , the last recorded match position is the end of the leftmost longest match .
In Perl - style rules , the “ leftmost ” semantics are handled the same , but Perl does n't take the longest of the leftmost matches .
Instead , the state lists are completely ordered : no two states have equal priority .
In an alternation a|b the states exploring a have higher priortiy than the states exploring b .
A repetition x* is like a looping alternation that keeps deciding between looking for another x and matching the rest of the expression .
Each alternation gives higher priority to looking for another x .
Pictorally , both are Split nodes as in the first article :
The split gives higher priority to the path leaving out the top .
A non-greedy repetition is just a greedy repetition with the priorities reversed .
To find the end of a Perl match , each time a match is found in a particular state , the DFA records it but continues executing only those states of higher priority .
Once it runs out of states , the last position it recorded is necessarily the end of the highest priority match .
That 's great : now we know where the match ends .
But the caller wants to know where the match starts too .
How do we do that ?
Run the DFA backward to find the start .
When studying regular expressions in a theory of computation class , a standard exercise is to prove that if you take a regular expression and reverse all the concatenations ( e.g. , [ Gg ] oo+gle becomes elgo + o [ Gg ] ) then you end up with a regular expression that matches the reversal of any string that the original matched .
In such classes , not many of the exercises involving regular expressions and automata have practical value , but this one does !
DFAs only report where a match ends , but if we run the DFA backward over the text , what the DFA sees as the end of the match will actually be the beginning .
Because we 're reversing the input , we have to reverse the regular expression too , by reversing all the concatenations during compilation .
After compiling a reversed regular expression , we run the DFA backward from the end point found by the forward scan , treating all states as equivalent priority and looking for the longest possible end point .
That 's the leftmost point in the string where a match could have begun , and since we were careful in the previous step to choose the end of a leftmost match , it 's the beginning .
Does this regexp match this string ?
If so , where ?
Where are the submatches ?
RE2 ::PartialMatch(s , " ( r+ ) ( e+ ) " , &m1 , &m2 )
This is the hardest question the caller could ask .
Run the DFA to answer the first two parts .
The DFA is fast , but it can only answer the first two parts .
A direct NFA simulation is necessary to answer the third part .
Still , the DFA is fast enough that it makes sense to invoke it for the first two .
Using the DFA to find the overall match cuts down the amount of text the NFA must process , which helps when searching large texts for small targets , and it also avoids the NFA completely when the answer to the first question is “ no , ” a very common case .
Once the DFA finds the match location , it is time to invoke the NFA to find submatch boundaries .
The NFA is asymptotically efficient ( linear in the size of the regular expression and linear in the size of the input text ) , but since it must copy around submatch boundary sets , it can be slower in common cases than a backtracker like PCRE .
In exchange for guaranteed worst case performance , the average case suffers a little .
( For more , see “ Regular Expression Matching : the Virtual Machine Approach . ” )
A few important common cases do n't need the full NFA machinery to guarantee efficient execution .
They can be handled with custom code before falling back to the NFA .
Use a one - pass NFA if possible .
The NFA spends its time keeping track of multiple submatch boundary sets ( in particular , making copies of them ) , but it is possible to identify a large class of regular expressions for which the NFA never needs to keep more than one set of boundary positions , no matter what the input .
Let 's define a “ one - pass regular expression ” to be a regular expression with the property that at each input byte during an anchored match , there is only one alternative that makes sense for a given input byte .
For example , x* yx * is one - pass : you read x 's until a y , then you read the y , then you keep reading x 's .
At no point do you have to guess what to do or back up and try a different guess .
On the other hand , x*x is not one - pass : when you 're looking at an input x , it 's not clear whether you should use it to extend the x * or as the final x .
More examples : ( [ ^x ] * ) x (.*) is one - pass ; (.*) x(.*) is not .
( \d+ ) -( \d+ ) is one - pass ; ( \d+ ) . ( \d+ ) is not .
A simple intuition for identifying one - pass regular expressions is that it 's always immediately obvious when a repetition ends .
It must also be immediately obvious which branch of an | to take : x ( y|z ) is one - pass , but ( xy|xz ) is not .
Because there 's only one possible next choice , the one - pass NFA implementation never needs to make a copy of the submatch boundary set .
The one - pass engine executes in two halves .
During compilation , the one - pass code analyzes the compiled form of the program to determine whether it is one - pass .
If so , the engine computes a data structure recording what to do at each possible state and input byte .
Then at execution the one - pass engine can fly through the string , finding the match ( or not ) in , well , one pass .
Use a bit - state backtracker if possible .
Backtrackers like PCRE avoid the copying of the submatch sets : they have a single set and overwrite and restore it during the recursion .
For correctness , such an approach must be willing to revisit the same part of a string multiple times , at least one time per NFA state .
That would still only be a linear time scan , though : the exponential time part of PCRE comes in revisiting the same part of a string many times per NFA state , because the algorithm does not remember that it has been down a particular path before .
The bit -state backtracker takes the standard backtracking algorithm , implemented with a manual stack , and adds a bitmap tracking which ( state , string position ) pairs have already been visited .
For small regular expressions matched against small strings , allocating and clearing the bitmap is significantly cheaper than the copying of the NFA states .
RE2 uses the bit state backtracker when the bitmap is at most 32 kilobytes .
If all else fails , use the standard NFA .
Analysis
RE2 disallows PCRE features that cannot be implemented efficiently using automata .
( The most notable such feature is backreferences . )
In return for giving up these difficult to implement ( and often incorrectly used ) features , RE2 can provably analyze the regular expressions or the automata .
We 've already seen examples of analysis for use in RE2 itself , in the DFA 's use of memchr and in the analysis of whether a regular expression is one - pass .
RE2 can also provide analyses that let higher - level applications speed searches .
Match ranges .
Bigtable stores records in order stored by row name , making it efficient to scan all rows with names in a given range .
Bigtable also allows clients to specify a regular expression filter : the scan skips rows with names that are not an exact match for the regular expression .
It is convenient for some clients to use just the regular expression filter and not worry about setting the row range .
Those clients can improve the efficiency of such a scan by asking RE2 to compute the range of strings that could possibly match the regular expression and then limiting the scan to just that range .
For example , for ( hello|world ) + , RE2 ::PossibleMatchRange can determine that all possible matches are in the range [ hello , worldworle ] .
It works by exploring the DFA graph from the start state , looking for a path with the smallest possible byte values and a path with the largest possible byte values .
The e at the end of worldworle is a not a typo : worldworldworld < worldworle but not worldworld : PossibleMatchRange must often truncate the strings used to specify the range , and when it does , it must round the upper bound up .
Required substrings .
Suppose you have an efficient way to check which of a list of strings appear as substrings in a large text ( for example , maybe you implemented the Aho - Corasick algorithm ) , but now your users want to be able to do regular expression searches efficiently too .
Regular expressions often have large literal strings in them ; if those could be identified , they could be fed into the string searcher , and then the results of the string searcher could be used to filter the set of regular expression searches that are necessary .
The FilteredRE2 class implements this analysis .
Given a list of regular expressions , it walks the regular expressions to compute a boolean expression involving literal strings and then returns the list of strings .
For example , FilteredRE2 converts ( hello| hi ) world [ a - z ] + foo into the boolean expression “ ( helloworld OR hiworld ) AND foo ” and returns those three strings .
Given multiple regular expressions , FilteredRE2 converts each into a boolean expression and returns all the strings involved .
Then , after being told which of the strings are present , FilteredRE2 can evaluate each expression to identify the set of regular expressions that could possibly be present .
This filtering can reduce the number of actual regular expression searches significantly .
The feasibility of these analyses depends crucially on the simplicity of their input .
The first uses the DFA form , while the second uses the parsed regular expression ( Regexp * ) .
These kind of analyses would be more complicated ( maybe even impossible ) if RE2 allowed non-regular features in its regular expressions .
Internationalization
RE2 treats regular expressions as describing Unicode sequences and can search text encoded in UTF - 8 or Latin - 1 .
Like PCRE and other regular expression implementations , named groups like [ [ : digit : ] ] and \d contain only ASCII , but Unicode property groups like \p {Nd} contain full Unicode .
The challenge for RE2 is to implement the large Unicode character set efficiently and compactly .
We saw above that a character class is represented as a balanced binary tree , but it is also important to keep the library footprint small , which means tight encoding of the necessary Unicode tables .
For internationalized character classes , RE2 implements the Unicode 5.2 General Category property ( e.g. , \ pN or \ p {Lu} ) as well as the Unicode Script property ( e.g. , \p { Greek} ) .
These should be used whenever matches are not intended to be limited to ASCII characters ( e.g. , \pN or \p {Nd} instead of [ [ : digit : ] ] or \d ) .
RE2 does not implement the other Unicode properties ( see Unicode Technical Standard # 18 : Unicode Regular Expressions ) .
The Unicode group table maps a group name to an array of code ranges defining the group .
The Unicode 5.2 tables require 4,258 code ranges .
Since Unicode has over 65,536 code points , each range would normally require two 32 - bit numbers ( start and end ) , or 34 kilobytes total .
However , since the vast majority of ranges involve only code points less than 65,536 , it makes sense to split each group into a set of 16 - bit ranges and a set of 32 - bit ranges , cutting the table footprint to 18 kilobytes .
RE2 implements case - insensitive matches ( enabled by ( ? i ) ) according to the Unicode 5.2 specification : it folds A with a , Á with á , and even K with K ( Kelvin ) and S with ſ ( long s ) .
There are 2,061 case - specific characters .
RE2's table map each Unicode code point to the next largest point that should be treated as the same .
For example , the table maps B to b and b to B .
Most of these loops involve just two characters , but there are a few longer ones : for example , the table maps K to k , k to K ( Kelvin symbol ) , and K back to K .
That table is very repetitive : A maps to a , B maps to b , and so on .
Instead of listing every character , we can list ranges and deltas :
A through Z map to the value plus 32 , a through j map to the value minus 32 , k maps to K ( Kelvin symbol again ) , and so on .
There is a special case for ranges with runs of upper / lower pairs and lower / upper pairs .
This encoding cuts the table from 2,061 entries taking 16 kilobytes to 279 entries taking 3 kilobytes .
RE2 does not implement named characters like in Python 's u" \N{LATIN SMALL LETTER X} " as an alias for " x " .
Even ignoring the obvious user interface issues , the necessary table would be around 150 kilobytes .
Testing
How do we know that the RE2 code is correct ?
Testing a regular expression implementation is a complex undertaking , especially when the implementation has as many different code paths as RE2 .
Other libraries , like Boost , PCRE , and Perl , have built up large , manually maintained test suites over time .
RE2 has a small number of hand - written tests to check basic functionality , but it quickly became clear that hand - written tests alone would require too much effort to create and maintain if they were to cover RE2 well .
Instead , the bulk of the testing is done by generating and checking test cases mechanically .
Given a list of small regular expressions and operators , the RegexpGenerator class generates all possible expressions using those operators up to a given size .
Then the StringGenerator generates all possible strings over a given alphabet up to a given size .
Then , for every regular expression and every input string , the RE2 tests check that the output of the four different regular expression engines agree with each other , and with a trivial backtracking implementation written only for testing , and ( usually ) with PCRE itself .
RE2 does not match PCRE on all cases , so the tester includes an analysis to check for cases on which RE2 and PCRE disagree , as listed in the Caveats section below .
Except when the regular expression involves these boundary cases , the tester requires RE2 and PCRE to agree on the outcome of the match .
The exhaustive tests must limit themselves to small regular expressions and small input strings , but most bugs can be exposed by small test cases .
Enumerating all small test cases catches almost all the mistakes that get past the few hand - written tests .
Even so , RE2 also includes a randomized tester , variants of the RegexpGenerator and StringGenerator that generate larger random instances .
It 's rare for random testing to catch something that the smaller exhaustive testing missed , but it is still a good reassurance that large expressions and texts continue to work correctly .
Performance
RE2 is competitive with PCRE on small searches and faster on large ones .
The performance for small searches is reported in microseconds , since the search time is mostly independent of the actual text size ( around 10 bytes in these examples ) .
The performance on large searches is reported in MB/s , since the search time is typically linear in the actual text size .
The benchmarks reported are run by re2/testing/regexp_benchmark.cc .
The directory re2 / source / browse / benchlog holds accumulated results .
( All tests are run with PCRE 8.01 , the latest version at time of writing . )
Compilation .
RE2 compiles regexps at about 3 - 4 x slower than PCRE :
System PCRE RE2 AMD Opteron 8214 HE , 2.2 GHz 5.8 µs 14.1 µs Intel Core2 Duo E7200 , 2.53 GHz 3.8 µs 10.4 µs Intel Xeon 5150 , 2.66 GHz ( Mac Pro ) 5.9 µs 21.7 µs Intel Core2 T5600 , 1.83 GHz ( Mac Mini ) 6.4 µs 24.1 µs Time to compile a simple regular expression .
The difference is about 5 - 10 microseconds per regexp .
These timings include time spent freeing the regexp after parsing and compilation .
We expect that the common case is that regexps are cached across matches when speed is critical , making compile time not too important .
The compiled form of an RE2 is bigger than that of a PCRE object , a few kilobytes vs a few hundred bytes for a typical small regular expression .
RE2 does more analysis of the regexp during compilation and stores a richer form than PCRE .
RE2 saves state ( the partially - built DFA ) across calls too : after running a few matches a simple RE2 might be using 10 kB , but more matches do not typically increase the footprint .
RE2 limits total space usage to a user - specified maximum ( default 1MB ) .
Full match , no submatch info .
We saw above that some searches are harder than others and that RE2 uses different implementations for different kinds of searches .
This benchmark searches for .*$ in a randomly - generated input text of the given size .
It gives a sense of the flat out search speed .
Speed of searching for .*$ in random text .
( Mac Pro )
RE2 uses a DFA to run the search .
Full match , one - pass regular expression , submatch info , tiny strings .
This benchmark searches for ( [ 0 - 9 ] + ) - ( [ 0 - 9 ] + ) -( [ 0 - 9 ] + ) in the string 650 - 253-0001 , asking for the location of the three submatches :
System PCRE RE2 AMD Opteron 8214 HE , 2.2 GHz 0.8 µs 0.5 µs Intel Core2 Duo E7200 , 2.53 GHz 0.4 µs 0.3 µs Intel Xeon 5150 , 2.66 GHz ( Mac Pro ) 0.6 µs 0.3 µs Intel Core2 T5600 , 1.83 GHz ( Mac Mini ) 0.7 µs 0.4 µs Time to match ( [ 0 - 9 ] + ) - ( [ 0 - 9 ] + ) -( [ 0 - 9 ] + ) in 650-253-0001 .
RE2 uses the OnePass matching engine to run the search , avoiding the overhead of the full NFA .
Full match , ambiguous regular expression , submatch info , tiny strings .
If the regexp is ambiguous , RE2 cannot use the OnePass engine , but if the regexp and string are both small , RE2 can use the BitState engine .
This benchmark searches for [ 0 - 9 ] +.(.*) in 650-253-0001 :
System PCRE RE2 AMD Opteron 8214 HE , 2.2 GHz 0.6 µs 2.9 µs Intel Core2 Duo E7200 , 2.53 GHz 0.3 µs 2.1 µs Intel Xeon 5150 , 2.66 GHz ( Mac Pro ) 0.4 µs 2.3 µs Intel Core2 T5600 , 1.83 GHz ( Mac Mini ) 0.5 µs 2.5 µs Time to match [ 0 - 9 ] +.(.*) in 650-253-0001 .
Here , RE2 is noticeably slower than PCRE , because the regexp is not unambiguous : it is never clear whether an additional digit should be added to the [ 0 - 9 ] +
or used to match the ‘ . ’. PCRE is optimized for matches ; when presented with strings that do n't match , its run-time can grow exponentially in the worst case , and is noticeably slower even in common cases .
In contrast , RE2 plods along at linear speed regardless of whether the text matches .
The particular speed depends on the size of the text and regexp .
In small cases like this one , RE2 uses BitState ; in larger cases , it must fall back to NFA .
Partial match , no actual match .
Looking for a partial ( unanchored ) match requires that the matching engine consider matches starting at every byte in the string .
PCRE implements this as a loop that tries starting at each byte in the string , while the RE2 implementations can run all of those in parallel .
The RE2 implementations analyze the regexp more thoroughly than PCRE does , leading to potential speedups .
This benchmark searches for ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ $ in randomly generated text .
Speed of searching for ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ $ in random text .
( Mac Pro )
The RE2 DFA spends most of its time in memchr looking for the leading A .
PCRE notices the leading A too , though it seems not to take as much advantage .
I suspect that PCRE does not continue to use memchr after finding the first A .
The next benchmark is a little harder , since there is no leading character to memchr for .
It looks for [ XYZ ] ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ$ .
Speed of searching for [ XYZ ] ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ $ in random text .
( Mac Pro )
PCRE falls back on much slower processing to handle it , while RE2's DFA runs its fast byte - at - a - time loop .
The next benchmark is quite difficult for PCRE .
It looks for [ -~]
* ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ$ .
The text has no match for that expression , but PCRE scans the entire string at each position matching [ - ~ ] * before realizing there is no match there .
This ends up taking O( text2 ) time to match .
RE2's DFA makes a single linear pass .
Speed of searching for [ -~]
*ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ $ in random text .
( Mac Pro )
Notice that PCRE sputters out at texts 4 K in length .
Search and parse .
Another typical use of RE is to find and parse a particular string in a text .
This benchmark generates a random text with ( 650 ) 253-0001 at the end and then does an unanchored search for ( \d{3}-|\( \d{3}\ ) \s+ ) ( \d{3}-\d{4} ) , extracting the area code separately from the 7 - digit phone number .
Speed of searching for and matching ( \d{3}-|\( \d{3}\\ ) \s+ ) ( \d{3}-\d{4} )
in random text ending wtih ( 650 ) 253-0001 .
( Mac Pro )
RE2's faster DFA searching is responsible for the improved speed .
Summary .
RE2 requires about 10 KB per regexp , in contrast to PCRE 's half a KB or so .
In exchange for the extra space , RE2 guarantees linear - time performance , although the linear - time constant varies by situation .
RE2 runs at about the same speed as PCRE for queries that ask whether a string matches but do not ask for submatch information ( e.g. , RE2 : : FullMatch or RE2 :: PartialMatch with no additional arguments ) .
When using regexps to parse text , RE2 runs at about the same speed as PCRE for unambiguous regexps .
It runs at about half the speed for ambiguous regexps with small matches , and considerably slower for ambiguous regexps with large matches .
The data sizes involved in these cases are usually small enough that the run-time difference is not a bottleneck .
( For example , any performance loss parsing a file name vanishes in comparison to the time required to open the file . )
RE2 excels at searches over large amounts of text .
It can locate matches much faster than PCRE , especially if the search requires PCRE to backtrack .
These benchmarks compare against PCRE because it is the most direct comparison : C/C++ against C/C++ , with an almost identical interface .
It 's important to emphasize that the benchmarks are interesting because they primarily compare algorithms , not performance tuning .
PCRE 's choice of algorithm , at least in the general case , is forced by the attempt to be completely compatible with Perl and friends .
Caveats
RE2 explicitly does not attempt to handle every extension that Perl has introduced .
The Perl extensions it supports are : non-greedy repetition ; character classes like \d ; and empty assertions like \ A , \b , \ B , and \z .
RE2 does not support arbitrary lookahead or lookbehind assertions , nor does it support backreferences .
It supports counted repetition , but it is implemented by actual repetition ( \d{3} becomes \d\d\d ) , so large repetition counts are unwise .
RE2 supports Python - style named captures ( ? P< name > expr ) , but not the alternate syntaxes ( ? < name > expr ) and ( ?' name ' expr ) used by .NET and Perl .
RE2 does not always match PCRE 's behavior .
There are a few known instances where RE2 intentionally differs :
If the regexp contains a repetition of an empty string , like ( a* ) + , then PCRE will treat the reptition sequence as ending with an empty string , while RE2 does not .
Specifically , when matching ( a* ) + against aaa , PCRE runs the + twice , once to match aaa and a second time to match the empty string .
RE2 runs the + only once , to match aaa .
Because parens capture the rightmost text they matched , for PCRE $ 1 will be an empty string while for RE2 $ 1 will be aaa .
The PCRE behavior could be kludged into RE2 if needed .
, then PCRE will treat the reptition sequence as ending with an empty string , while RE2 does not .
Specifically , when matching against , PCRE runs the twice , once to match and a second time to match the empty string .
RE2 runs the only once , to match .
Because parens capture the rightmost text they matched , for PCRE will be an empty string while for RE2 will be .
The PCRE behavior could be kludged into RE2 if needed .
Perl and PCRE differ on the meaning of the regexp \v .
In Perl it matches just the vertical tab character ( VT , 0x0B ) , while in PCRE it matches both the vertical tab and newline .
RE2 chooses to side with Perl .
.
In Perl it matches just the vertical tab character ( VT , 0x0B ) , while in PCRE it matches both the vertical tab and newline .
RE2 chooses to side with Perl .
In single - line mode , if the input text ends with a newline character , Perl and PCRE allow $ to match either before or after that final newline .
RE2 requires that it match after , at the very end of the text .
to match either before or after that final newline .
RE2 requires that it match after , at the very end of the text .
Similarly , in multi-line mode , if the input text ends with a newline character , Perl and PCRE do not allow ^ , which normally matches following a newline , to match at the very end of the text .
RE2 does .
, which normally matches following a newline , to match at the very end of the text .
RE2 does .
RE2 stops short of full internationalization but does implement basic Unicode property classes .
In UTF - 8 mode , PCRE defines negated POSIX classes [ [ : ^xxx : ] ] to match only ASCII code points , so that [ [ : ^alpha : ] ] matches ASCII characters that are not in [ [ : alpha : ] ] , while [ ^ [ : alpha : ] ] matches any Unicode character that is not in [ [ : alpha : ] ] .
RE2 corrects this inconsistency : [ [ : ^alpha : ] ] and [ ^ [ : alpha : ] ] both mean any Unicode character that is not in [ [ : alpha : ] ] .
There are a handful of obscure features of Perl and PCRE that RE2 chooses not to implement .
These are :
“ Extended ” regular expressions have traditionally followed the rule that word characters stand for themselves unless escaped , while punctuation might be special unless escaped .
Thus \q should mean something special and \# should match a literal # .
Perl and PCRE accept escaped letters as literals if the letter does not ( yet ) have a meaning .
Thus in Perl , \q matches a literal q , at least until a different meaning is introduced .
RE2 rejects unknown escaped letters rather than silently treating them as literals .
This also helps diagnose uses of sequences that RE2 does not support , like \cx ( see below ) .
should mean something special and should match a literal .
Perl and PCRE accept escaped letters as literals if the letter does not ( yet ) have a meaning .
Thus in Perl , matches a literal , at least until a different meaning is introduced .
RE2 rejects unknown escaped letters rather than silently treating them as literals .
This also helps diagnose uses of sequences that RE2 does not support , like ( see below ) .
RE2 does not recognize \cx as the Control - X character .
Embed a literal control character using C++ string syntax or an octal or hexadecimal escape .
as the Control - X character .
Embed a literal control character using C++ string syntax or an octal or hexadecimal escape .
In POSIX , \b means backspace .
In Perl , it means word boundary , except inside a character class , when it means backspace ( [ \b ] ) .
RE2 attempts to avoid confusion by never recognizing \b as backspace .
RE2 rejects \b in POSIX mode , recognizes it as word boundary in Perl mode , and always rejects it in character classes .
To match a backspace , embed a literal backspace character or write \010 .
means backspace .
In Perl , it means word boundary , except inside a character class , when it means backspace ( ) .
RE2 attempts to avoid confusion by never recognizing as backspace .
RE2 rejects in POSIX mode , recognizes it as word boundary in Perl mode , and always rejects it in character classes .
To match a backspace , embed a literal backspace character or write .
RE2 does not recognize atomic grouping operators ( ?>...) and ++ .
These are used mainly as a performance band - aid for backtracking .
RE2 provides a more complete solution .
and .
These are used mainly as a performance band - aid for backtracking .
RE2 provides a more complete solution .
RE2 does not recognize \ C , \G or \X .
, or .
RE2 does not recognize conditional subpatterns ( ?(...)... ) , comments (?#... ) , pattern references ( ?R ) ( ?1 ) ( ? P> foo ) , or C callouts ( ? C... ) .
By default , RE2 enforces a maximum of 1MB ( per RE2 object ) for the two Prog s and their DFA s .
This is enough for most expressions , but very large expressions or patterns with large counted repetitions may exceed these limits .
Running out of memory during compilation causes re.ok ( ) to return false , with an explanation in re.error ( ) .
RE2 cannot run out of memory during a text search : it will discard the cached DFA and start a new DFA using the reclaimed memory .
If it must discard the DFA too often , it will fall back on an NFA search .
Summary
RE2 demonstrates that it is possible to use automata theory to implement almost all the features of a modern backtracking regular expression library like PCRE .
Because it is rooted in the theoretical foundation of automata , RE2 provides stronger guarantees on execution time than and enables high - level analyses that would be difficult or impossible with ad hoc implementations .
Finally , RE2 is open source .
Have fun !
RE2's implementation and my understanding of regular expressions have both benefited greatly from discussions with Rob Pike and Ken Thompson over the last few years .
Sanjay Ghemawat designed and implemented the C++ interface to PCRE , which RE2's C++ interface mimics and is derived from .
Srinivasan Venkatachary wrote the FilteredRE2 code .
Philip Hazel 's PCRE is an astonishing piece of code .
Trying to match most of PCRE 's regular expression features has pushed RE2 much farther than it would otherwise have gone , and PCRE has served as an excellent implementation against which to test .
Thanks to all .
The next article in this series is “ Regular Expression Matching with a Trigram Index , ” a behind - the - scenes look at how Google Code Search worked .
The scandal that erupted last year when it was revealed that Sen. John Ensign ( R - NV ) had not only had an affair with the wife of one of his top aides but may have violated Senate ethics rules in an attempt to hush the matter up expanded this week with the release of emails further documenting Ensign ’s efforts on behalf of his former aide .
The New York Times reported in October that when Douglas Hampton confronted Ensign about the affair , Ensign arranged for him to take a job as a lobbyist with a Nevada consulting firm , an apparent violation of Senate restrictions on lobbying by former aides .
Ensign then steered some of his own corporate donors to Hampton as clients on whose behalf Hampton lobbied his former boss .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Times has now obtained emails which appear to show Ensign also trying to arrange for Hampton to be hired by a small Las Vegas energy investment firm which was seeking Ensign ’s help on several projects .
The firm ’s co-owner , Greg Paulk , had previously donated to Ensign ’s campaign .
“ According to the e-mail messages , ” the Times writes , “ Mr. Ensign met with Mr. Paulk and Bob Andrews , then P2SA ’s executive vice president , in May 2008 to discuss any help the senator might be able to provide on energy projects .
… Mr. Ensign brought up the idea of P2SA ’s hiring Mr. Hampton , Mr. Andrews recalled .
The senator mentioned ‘ that he might have somebody we should talk to who might be able to provide us with assistance in our biodiesel program , ’ Mr. Andrews said , adding : ‘ I took this as a helpful hint . ' ”
That meeting led to discussions between Hampton and Andrews about a possible consulting job .
Although those discussions came to nothing , ethics lawyers told the Times that “ the case could pose legal problems for Mr. Ensign . ”
Ensign ’s dealings with P2SA raise additional questions beyond the issue of whether he helped Hampton violate the lobbying ban .
The Times obtained a follow - up email , suggestive of a quid pro quo , in which Andrews told Ensign , “ We are excited about the assistance that you and your staff may be able to give us ” and added , “ Give me the information regarding next week ’s fund - raising and we will certainly attend . ”
Since last fall , both the Senate Ethics Committee and the FBI have been looking into the Ensign case .
According to Politico , “ Sources say the Justice Department investigation remains in an information - gathering phase , but it is moving swiftly and could soon turn into a full - fledged inquiry that would put further strain on the embattled senator ’s political career .
To date , no information has been presented to a federal grand jury , but that could soon change . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Many political analysts in Nevada and Washington believe that Hampton is out to destroy Ensign ’s career by periodically leaking damaging news on the senator to the media in order to keep the sex scandal story alive , ” Politico explains .
“ Since he disclosed the affair last summer , Ensign has denied any violations of federal law or Senate ethics rules . ”
Ensign ’s spokesperson told Politico “ that Ensign ‘ did not take any legislative action at the behest of this company ’ and that he previously returned campaign donations he received from a P2SA executive . ”
“ No one is more anxious for this investigation to be completed and for the facts to come out than Senator Ensign , ” the spokesperson added .
“ He not only returned the donation , but also informed the company that his office could not be of assistance in any capacity due to the connection of a fundraiser and legislative requests made by any employee of the company . ”
AS MEN get older , the toys just get more expensive , but few would have thought the contents of a Pascoe Vale garage would spark a global frenzy .
Last year , Raf Merhi , 29 , an Australian soldier on active duty , proposed to his girlfriend , Kafa , and decided to sell his collection of classic BMX bicycles to help raise the deposit for a house .
Then the couple discovered Raf 's collection is worth more than $ 300,000 .
Raff Merhi with his beloved collection of BMX bikes Credit : Meredith O'Shea
Potential buyers are descending on Melbourne this week after the first 50 bikes appeared for sale on eBay .
One man has already boarded a plane in London , prepared to offer more than $ 6000 to secure a rare Kuwahara , the two - wheel star of the film E.T. , while others are driving from interstate .
Indeed , an act of brotherly love turned into a week - long nightmare for Ralph Merhi , 28 , who thought he was doing the right thing by putting Raf 's collection of more than 150 BMX classics up for auction .
He has barely slept for five days , after being inundated with calls from around the world after the first lot of 50 bikes went online .
Wer schon immer mal bei bekannten englischen Produzenten wie Sub Focus , Chase & Status oder Alix Perez bei der Arbeit über die Schulter schauen wollte , für den gibt es hier eine Zusammenstellung mit Videos von Tipps und Tricks für die Produktion von Drum & Bass .
Für Produzenten und solche , die es noch werden wollen , gibt es ein paar gute Insider - Infos über verschiedene Produktionsweisen und auch einige interessante Ansätze zu sehen , wie zum Beispiel die Sampling - Methoden von Alix Perez .
Chase & Status
Sub Focus
" Today there was a bug in our system that meant this message appeared on the website , when it should have remained only on our internal site . "
Bad puns , paganism and the smell of burning felt ...
They then proceeded to eat his brain in an ugly , scary fashion .
—
Can you smell it ?
Can you feel it in the air ?
That ’s the smell and feel of awesome !
And by awesome , I mean Buttersafe Expo 2010 !
It smells and feels like pizza with friends , because that is what it is .
A celebration of having fun while eating pizza !
So join us and a bunch of other cool people , if you would , at Buttersafe Expo 2010 on April 17 , 2010 !
The details can be found on the Buttersafe Expo 2010 website .
And if you ca n’t make it to the main expo–do n’t fret !
There are people all over the world having their own Buttersafe Expos where they live !
Just check out the Buttersafe Expo Forum to see where the nearest one to you is–or if there ’s none , you can even start your own !
Hooray !
Also , do you remember the completely factual comic based entirely on science , “ The Moon ” ?
Well , the super creative Morti wrote a wonderfully catchy , B - 52ish song partly inspired by that comic !
Check it out by clicking here .
You can also find it later in our amazing things section .
Thanks , Morti !
- Ray
Providing Commercial Cleaning Services Nationwide
UK Commercial Cleaning have seen rapid growth , primarily due to our consistently excellent standard of services that are provided to an ever expanding customer base .
We work with clients across the full extent of the UK and from all sectors ; schools , NHS hospitals and care homes to hotels and restaurant chains .
Whether you require commercial window cleaning , deep kitchen cleaning , garden maintenance or anything else we know that you ’ll be pleased by the results .
Find Out More
The city is rife with buildings with glaring flaws , like ground floors with walls or columns removed to make way for store displays , or a succession of illegal new floors added in each election period on the presumption that local officials will look the other way .
On many blocks , upper floors jut precariously over the sidewalk , taking advantage of an old permitting process that governed only a building ’s footprint .
Worse , Dr. Erdik said , as with a doctor ’s patients , not all of the potentially deadly problems are visible from the outside , and thousands more buildings are presumed to be at risk .
“ Little details are very important , ” he said .
“ To say that a building is in bad condition is easy .
To say that one is safe is hard . ”
Image Children displayed their readiness for an earthquake in a classroom in Istanbul .
Credit ... Johan Spanner for The New York Times
Some of Turkey ’s biggest builders have readily admitted to using shoddy materials and bad practices in the urban construction boom .
In an interview last year with the Turkish publication Referans , Ali Agaoglu , a Turkish developer ranked 468th last year on the Forbes list of billionaires , described how in the 1970s , salty sea sand and scrap iron were routinely used in buildings made of reinforced concrete .
“ At that time , this was the best material , ” he said , according to a translation of the interview .
“ Not just us , but all companies were doing the same thing .
If an earthquake occurs in Istanbul , not even the army will be able to get in . ”
Echoing other engineers and planners trying to reduce Istanbul ’s vulnerability , Dr. Erdik said that the best hope , considering the scale of the problem , might well be that economic advancement would happen fast enough that property owners could replace the worst housing stock before the ground heaved .
“ If the quake gives us some time , we can reduce the losses just through turnover , ” Dr. Erdik said .
“ If it happens tomorrow , there ’ll be a huge number of deaths . ”
Partisan / Bipartisan
Suppose you have a two - party system .
One of these parties enjoys / enforces total party discipline , the other , not : members of the latter party side with their own , or cross the aisle , on individual issues / votes , as conscience or self - interest dictate .
Let ’s call the completely disciplined party the Partisan Party .
The completely undisciplined , the Bipartisan Party ( to reflect its principled commitment to always keeping the door open to the higher value of bipartisanship ! )
Over time , both parties will push positive proposals / legislation .
Quite obviously , the Bipartisan Party will be at a tactical disadvantage , due to its lax discipline .
Less obviously , it will have an ongoing optics problem .
All the proposals of the Partisan Party will be bipartisan .
That is , a few members of the other party will , predictably , peel off and cross the aisle to stands with the Partisans .
None of the proposals of the Bipartisan Party , on the other hand , will ever be bipartisan .
No Partisan will ever support a Bipartisan measure .
In fact , all proposals of the Bipartisan party will face bipartisan opposition – as a few Bipartisans trudge across the aisle ( there are always a few ! ) to stand with the Partisans .
Result : the Partisan party , thanks to its unremitting opposition to bipartisanship , will be able to present itself as the party of bipartisanship , and be able to critique the Bipartisan Party , with considerable force and conviction , as the hypocritically hyperpartisan party of pure partisanship .
Conclusion : two measures of partisanship / bipartisanship that you might think make good heuristic sense – 1 ) being able to get bipartisan support for your proposals ; 2 ) being opposed to those who ca n’t get any bipartisan support for their proposals – in fact are n’t good heuristics .
( Obviously it ’s misleading to hint that the Democrats have no party discipline whatsoever , but the point still stands if modulated to match actually existing actuality . )
Previous theories had suggested the brain first acquires information about sexual attractiveness from visual cues , which are then sent upward through the emotional centers and finally on to regions of more complex thought .
But Ortigue 's study shows that the sophisticated mind may be first sending information downward , providing the visual cortex with a blueprint for who is attractive while prepping our emotional centers with prejudged responses .
" We 've found the brain knows who we desire and when we desire before we are aware of it , " she said .
" It 's very unconscious . "
Self - Image Key to Attraction ?
For their study , published in 2008 in the journal NeuroImage , Ortigue and Bianchi - Demicheli wired a group of 13 healthy adults so the scientists could record brain activity via a technique called high - density EEG neuroimaging .
The volunteers were asked to look at pictures of people in swimsuits and decide whether the subjects were hot or not .
( Related : " Bikinis Make Men See Women as Objects , Scans Confirm . " )
Most people made a decision in well under half a second , the study authors report .
But during that short amount of time , several different regions of the brain lighted up electrical activity , including higher brain regions .
One of the areas most active in desire is intimately involved with people 's self - awareness and self - image , the researchers found .
" Basically what that means is that people who have disorders of their self - image might also have disorders of sexual desire , " Ortigue said .
In addition , test subjects took slightly longer to identify attractive people than they did to discount the unattractive — a finding that makes sense to evolutionary psychologist Donald Symons of the University of California , Santa Barbara .
" For a stimulus image to be highly attractive , all the observable attractiveness cues must fall into the highly desirable range , " said Symons , who was not involved in the study .
( Related : " Symmetrical Bodies Are More Beautiful to Humans . " )
But just one unattractive quality , such as obesity or extreme acne , could be enough of a turnoff for someone to instantly judge a person as undesirable , he said .
" So detecting ugliness would be , on average , an easier perceptual problem , and one that could be made more quickly then detecting great beauty . "
Evolution of Desire
Ultimately , Ortigue and Bianchi - Demicheli's research could provide new insight into why humans have evolved to desire others the way we do .
" What I would expect , and what Stephanie has begun to demonstrate , is that complex , specialized cortical adaptations exist that were designed to solve the problem of mate choice faced by our ancestors , " Symons said .
( Related : " Ardi's Secret : Did Early Humans Start Walking for Sex ? " )
In other words , the brain 's current wiring could be a product of the way ancient humans gathered information about a potential mate 's value based on specific physical characteristics .
In the days before Proactiv and Oil of Olay , for example , skin condition might have been a good indicator of a person 's age or larger health problems .
" Therefore , " Symons said , " we 'd expect natural selection to have created psychological mechanisms specialized to detect and use reliable information about mate value . "
For future work , study author Ortigue said she would like to move beyond photographs and wire live couples to record their mutual brain activity , allowing her to map the dynamics of desire " in the flesh . "
Con buen tiempo en la Ciudad de Buenos Aires , se respetaron los protocolos sanitarios para el tradicional festejo del 21 de septiembre .
I like wiring , electricity , cars , and the magic that happens when you combine all three .
Last week I was modifying a wiring harness to install a turbocharged 4G63 engine ( from a 1991 - 94 Mitsubishi Eclipse , Talon , Laser ) into any vehicle that I want .
It is a time consuming process and when it was done , I needed to make sure it worked properly .
Massachusetts in January is an absolutely frigid place , so I was not about to go outside .
Then it dawned on me that I could test it in the comfort of my own living room !
Before I knew it , the spare battery , ECU , CAS , injector resistor , coil pack , and power transistor , arrived on the premesis , and viola !
We have ignition !
Last month at a Lancaster nightclub , seven people were arrested for possession of a drug , even though the policeman leading the arrest team made it clear that the drug was not illegal .
This was not the first time the police had exhibited such behaviour in relation to this drug , so what is leading to this apparently irrational police behaviour ?
The drug in question is mephedrone [ not to be confused with the opioid substitute treatment methadone ] , a synthetic stimulant drug that is relatively new on the UK drug scene although it has been popular in Israel for a number of years .
Mephedrone is one of a number of so - called " legal highs " – these are drugs that users find pleasurable but which are not yet illegal , and indeed may never be .
Mephedrone goes under various trade names such as " meow meow " , " plant food " and " bubbles " , terms derived from its chemical structure , commercial uses and subjective effects respectively .
It is readily available from " head shops " and is popular with university students and other groups of clubbers .
Its pharmacology is hardly studied but it is chemically related to the amphetamines .
Users describe effects that suggest its actions are between those of amphetamine ( speed ) and MDMA ( ecstasy ) ; it activates , energises and makes them feel good but is relatively short - lasting .
There are several reasons for its current popularity .
Mephedrone is sold as the pure substance , so users know what they are getting .
This contrasts with current street supplies of ecstasy and speed , which are often very low quality after being cut with inactive agents and may even contain some other , more dangerous , drugs such as methylamphetamine .
Another reason for its popularity is that it is legal , so can be purchased without having to make contact with drug dealers who may pressure buyers towards other drugs , and currently there is no risk of a criminal record from being caught with it .
In contrast , being caught in possession of MDMA and other class A drugs means one risks up to seven years in prison , and for amphetamines [ class B ] , five years .
Users see benefits in avoiding the limitations to their careers that a prosecution for drug possession would bring .
Prior to the rise of mephedrone , another stimulant known as BZP was popular , but the government has recently made this a class C drug , which may have displaced users to mephedrone .
Is mephedrone harmful ?
Because its use is so recent there is relatively little evidence on this point , but from its pharmacology we could not make the assumption that it would be completely safe , especially at high doses .
Users report effects such as a faster heart rate as one would expect from a stimulant .
In the UK , there have been scare stories of mephedrone deaths , but so far none has been proven , though mephedrone was involved in the death of a Swedish teenager in 2008 .
The Israel experience was that it could lead to repetitive use and stereotyped behaviours in some users consistent with the likely release of the neurotransmitter dopamine in the brain .
The European Monitoring Centre on Drugs and Drug Abuse ( EMCDDA ) is currently gathering Europe - wide evidence of use and harms to decide if mephedrone should be made illegal by the EU .
The government would be advised to wait until this report is published , rather than rushing now to make changes to the classification system .
Last year , the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs ( ACMD ) suggested that new drugs of uncertain harm might be put into a holding class – such as the " class D " approach adopted by New Zealand several years ago to deal with BZP with some success .
Drugs in class D are allowed to be sold in limited quantities to adults , with appropriate warnings of health risks and advice on safe use .
Manufacturers are licensed , provided they comply with quality control of manufacture and report sales on a regular basis .
This allows an accurate knowledge of the use of the drug against which harms such as hospital presentations can be compared so that a good estimate of harm / use ratio can be obtained ; an informed decision can then be made whether to make the drug illegal or not .
Mephedrone would seem an ideal candidate for instigating such a holding class in the UK .
Another reason why not to use wall to wall conversations on Facebook
Games like Demon 's Souls are n't supposed to sell well .
A super hardcore , obscure RPG published by Atlus ?
Yeah , those games do n't sell well .
Except the game actually is selling well , at least by its own standards .
With a little over 150,000 copies shifted in October , Demon 's Souls actually made it to number eleven in the US cross - platform sales chart .
NPD gave the numbers to Gamasutra , where Demon 's Souls is listed above Brutal Legend .
While not in the top ten , and while the numbers are n't exactly indicative of a blockbuster , it 's an amazing success for a game as humble as Demon 's Souls .
The fact it 's anywhere on the chart is surprising and very encouraging .
We 've not reviewed Demon 's Souls , but if one of us ever finds the balls and time to beat it , we will do such a thing .
We 've certainly produced plenty of articles and videos on it though , so check out the coverage .
It really is one of the best PS3 games ever made .
You owe it to yourself to experience it .
Bill Maher 's rant at the HuffPo is safe for work .
His rant on Real Time tonight definitely was not .
Bill did n't pull any punches in this edition of New Rules .
New Rule : You Can't Use " There Will Be No Cooperation for the Rest of the Year " as a Threat If There Was No Cooperation in the First Half of the Year :
New Rule :
You ca n't use the statement " there will be no cooperation for the rest of the year " as a threat if there was no cooperation in the first half of the year .
Here 's a word the president should take out of his teleprompter : bipartisanship .
People only care about that in theory , not in practice .
The best thing that 's happened this year is when President Obama finally realized this and said , " Kiss my black ass , we 're going it alone , George W. Bush style . "
Two months ago , conservative Fred Barnes wrote , " The health care bill is dead with not the slightest prospect of resurrection . "
Well , if it 's dead , you just got your ass kicked by a zombie named Nancy Pelosi .
Seriously , the last time a Democrat showed balls like that John Edwards ' girlfriend was filming it .
Make all the botox jokes and she - shops - too - much jokes you want , but this is the biggest political victory a woman has ever achieved in America .
Yes , Nancy Pelosi likes nice clothes .
So does Sarah Palin .
The difference is Nancy Pelosi pays for hers .
But even before the Democrats got to take a single victory lap they were already being warned not to get used to the feeling , and not to get drunk with power .
I disagree .
All you Democrats : do a shot , and then do another .
Get drunk on this feeling of not backing down and doing what you came to Washington to do .
Read on ...
California is doomed for two simple but profound reasons : the cost structure is too high for most businesses to survive , and a boom - dependent economy .
The dysfunctions crippling California would easily fill a volume : a dysfunctional Legislature that has been gerrymadered to protect virtually every seat ; a dysfunctional proposition system which enables special interests to craft Protected Fiefdoms via the ballot box ; recalcitrant public unions who do n't see anything wrong with public servants getting 90 % of top - pay in pensions while still earning big bucks as " contract employees , " an enormous population of undocumented workers who pay only sales taxes , and whose employers pay no payroll taxes , either -- and that just scratches the surface .
I want to highlight two systemic , structural causes for California 's impending bankruptcy as a state and as an " economy " : a crushingly high costs structure and an economy entirely dependent on the next boom .
I know this sounds too simplistic to be meaningful , but I think there is much truth in this statement : Costs are too high because the guy before you paid too much .
In other words , you can't afford the $ 500,000 mortgage on the $ 625,000 house you bought in 2008 because the guy before you paid $ 550,000 for a house which sold for $ 140,000 in 1997 .
These numbers are drawn from reality : our friends bought a small home in a desirable suburb in the San Francisco Bay Area for $ 140,000 in 1997 .
Yes , it was a fixer - upper and yes , our friends completely remodeled it .
The fair value of the house after renovation was probably in the $ 175,000 to $ 190,000 range , tops .
They sold the house in 2005 for $ 550,000 , and that buyer unloaded the house in 2008 for $ 625,000 .
This represents approximately $ 235,000 of actual value ( the $ 175,000 adjusted for inflation from 1997 to 2010 as per the BLS inflation calculator ) and $ 390,000 of " credit - bubble " excess .
Yet that " bubble valuation " is an actual cost now that somebody borrowed money to pay that grossly inflated price .
This mechanism is absolutely key to understanding the California economy 's fundamental insolvency : the apartment rent is high because the landlord overpaid , the office rent is high because the landlord overpaid , the house is too high because the previous owner overpaid and his / her lender ponied up the mortgage based on bubble valuations .
You can see the bubble in this chart of median home prices in Califonia :
It even explains why Napa Valley is going bust , as this story submitted by frequent contributor U. Doran reveals : Vineyard Defaults Surge as Bargain Wines Hurt Napa Valley .
Wine costs are partly driven by the fact that the last guy grossly overpaid for vineyard land .
Now the lenders are scrambling , but it 's all too late ; bubbles burst , and sadly for the lenders and those who bought at the top of the bubble , there will be no boom to save them .
Hunkering down and awaiting the next boom is a strategy as old as the state itself .
When the easily plucked gold in the Sierra Nevada ran out , the economy based on supplying distant mining camps died right along with hundreds of those camps .
But then the Comstock Lode of silver was discovered in Nevada , and California -- especially San Francisco - - was bailed out by a veritable flood of fresh wealth pouring out of the mines .
More recently , the fall of the Soviet Union in the early 90s gutted the defense industry which had been a mainstay of the California economy since World War II .
That " depression " lowered real estate values and caused many bankrupcties , personal and business alike .
But then the biotech and personal computer / software revolution took hold ( the Macintosh took off as the laserprinter revolutionized desktop publishing , etc. ) and the next boom was under way .
Tax revenues skyrocketed and Silicon Valley was the envy of the world , sparking wannabe " incubators of wealth " from New York ( Silicon Alley ) to Malaysia and beyond .
While no boom runs white - hot forever , the residents of California have come to expect a new bubble / boom to arise to fuel rising tax revenues and real estate valuations .
Just as the PC revolution peaked ( 1995 's " Start Me Up " Windows launch ( as the bumper sticker had it , " Mac 1985 , Windows 1995 " ) , then the Internet boom started , triggering a frenzy of overinvestment and bubblicious valuations .
After that bubble burst in 2001 , hot - spots in San Francisco and the valley lost some luster , and about 120,000 workers lost their jobs and left Northern California .
But once again , a new wave of web - enabled businesses arose : Netflix , the Google juggernaut , Apple reclaimed the crown of global device / software integration innovation , Twitter , etc. etc .
But the current Web 2.0 boom is not generating a flood of new wealth which spreads over the landscape .
Twitter has about 100 employees and might double to 200 .
Apple employs a few thousand people in Cupertino but all its manufacturing is done elsewhere .
What nobody seems to notice is that Web 2.0 is all about leveraging automated software .
You do n't need 10,000 people to run Twitter or Facebook .
And as I noted yesterday , these Web 2.0 businesses based on advertising revenues are inherently limited to the pool of available advertisers whose adverts are actually generating revenues .
You can't reinflate a trillion dollars of real estate with 200 employees .
California is now the world capital of Denial .
Everyone from the State legislature to union officials to realtors to small business owners are hanging on , refusing to face the fact that there will be no boom to save them and the state , To survive one more year , they 're borrowing money , hiding debts and real valuations , monkeying with the books and playing accounting tricks , borrowing from next year 's revenues , selling bonds -- anything to maintain the artifice of solvency for 2010 so the next boom ( conveniently scheduled for 2011 ) will lift real estate values , create hundreds of thousands of high - paying jobs and launch entire new industries .
Welcome to the Golden State of Denial .
Without another global bubble -- for California is a global economy -- then California is doomed to insolvency at every level , public and private .
A return to historical levels of real estate valuations will bankrupt every lender and every owner with debts based on bubble valuations .
State and local governments are thus doubly doomed , as their property tax revenues dry up and payroll taxes dwindle along with the job count .
I have covered the pernicious effects of a high cost structure before : Lowering the Cost Structure of the U.S. Economy ( August 29 , 2008 ) California 's entire cost structure is based on bubble / boom valuations and the vast tax revenues generated by those bubbles / booms .
The problem in California is everything costs too much : auto insurance costs more , gasoline costs more , taxes are near the top , especially on those households who make more than $ 100,000 a year , sales taxes are basically 10 % , workers compensation insurance , business licenses , vehicle taxes , State Park admission / parking fees , rent , housing , and on and on .
The state and all its local governments have grown fat on endless bubbles and booms , and are now refusing to face the long lean years ahead .
California is like the pilgrim who gets saved by a miracle at every turn .
The economic miracles can't run out , because we 've always been saved before .
As the disclaimer puts it : past performance is not a guide to future performance .
In some ways , California 's dependence on bubbles and booms mirrors the nation as a whole ; as with so many things , California has just extended the fantasy further .
If you have n't visited the forum , here 's a place to start .
Click on the link below and then select " new posts . "
You 'll get to see what other oftwominds.com readers and contributors are discussing / sharing .
DailyJava.net is now open for aggregating our collective intelligence .
Order Survival+ : Structuring Prosperity for Yourself and the Nation and / or Survival +
The Primer from your local bookseller or from amazon.com or in ebook and Kindle formats .
A 20 % discount is available from the publisher .
Of Two Minds is now available via Kindle : Of Two Minds blog - Kindle
Thank you , Carl C. ( $ 200 ) , for your astonishingly generous donation to this site .
I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
Thank you , Adam P. ( $ 40 ) , for your much - appreciated generous donation to the site .
I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
By Joe Loncraine
Alvin's Guide To Good Business , BBC World News , Mozambique
Mr Hall has advised Apopo on new income sources Landmines - brutal and indiscriminate weapons - are depressingly common in the developing world .
Can the highly developed sense of smell of rats help to clear this scourge ?
We rattled along the potholed dirt road , a thick plume of red earth spraying out behind us .
Four hours from the Mozambican capital , Maputo , we arrived in the small , dusty town of Chokwe .
The reality of where I was going was only just sinking in .
We were headed for the largest remaining minefield in Mozambique .
We were travelling with Apopo , a social enterprise that has come up with a unique way of clearing mines - rats .
Hero Rats Drawing on the rats ' remarkable sense of smell , Apopo have found a way to train them to sniff out the TNT in mines .
We 'd already see them being trained in Tanzania .
Now it was time to see them at work in Mozambique .
One of the biggest hindrances to development in rural Mozambique is the presence , or even just the suspected presence , of a mine .
MINES Countries affected by landmines - 70 Annual number of casualties caused by landmines ( 2008 ) - 5,200 Countries producing or able to produce landmines - 13 Source : Land Mine Monitor Annual Report 2009
This was the legacy of Mozambique 's brutal civil war , which lasted more than 15 years , led to hundreds of thousands of deaths and left an estimated three million unexploded mines .
Bart Weetjens , a Flemish rodent enthusiast , realised that many African communities are too dependent on overseas foreign expertise to tackle many of the ordinary activities essential for their development , let alone clearing mines .
He believed he could train indigenous people to use a local resource , well suited for the job - African Pouched Rats .
Like Pavlov 's dogs , the rats are conditioned to associate a stimulus with food - only it 's the smell of TNT , rather than the sound of a bell .
When we visited Bart and his team in Tanzania , where the rats are trained , it was all very light - hearted and fun .
The large , yet surprisingly cute rats climbed all over the camera crew .
Now in Mozambique , the rats ' nickname - Hero Rats - suddenly began to feel more appropriate and serious .
Cheaper than dogs
We all had to don protective clothing .
Heavy and incredibly hot , it offered some protection but probably would n't have saved us from deadly fragmentation mines .
We watched as the rats ran along wires between two handlers .
When they smell a landmine , they stop , sniff the ground and begin to dig .
This signal lets the Apopo staff know they have found a mine or some other explosive , which can then be removed .
The rats dig when they find a landmine Rats , according to Apopo , are much faster than men using metal detectors and are not distracted by metal contaminants .
They are much cheaper to maintain than dogs and are easily passed between different handlers .
So , from a business and economic point of view , the rats seem to make sense .
Apopo provides a service paid for by a customer , usually a donor government or UN agency , so it is a business relationship .
However , the whole process is costly and time - consuming , the money available usually only covers costs , so there are no profits to be had .
This means that demining is never likely to be a commercially viable business .
Up to now , Apopo has relied on research and development grants .
The problem , ironically , is that now the rats are a proven technology , these grants may begin to dry up .
New sustainable sources of income are needed .
TB tasks
This is where our financial expert and presenter , Alvin Hall , had some advice to offer .
Apopo raises some funds through their website and its Hero Rat campaign .
Members of the public and companies can pay to sponsor and name a rat .
Alvin was keen for them to maximise these opportunities , not least by increasing the minimum payment .
And he advised them to try to establish a large endowment fund , which wealthy individuals , corporations or trusts could pay into , to give Apopo a secure source of income .
APOPO Founded - 1997 Revenue ( 2008 ) - 1.25 m euros Land cleared ( 2009 ) - 719,470 square metres Source : Apopo But Bart 's big hope for the future is to train the rats for a host of other detection applications , from finding smuggled drugs to medical screening .
Apopo is already running trials in Tanzania using the rats to detect tuberculosis in the saliva of sick patients .
The rats can process as many samples in a matter of minutes as a lab technician can in a day .
The rats have even detected TB in samples that had been missed by conventional tests .
' Great job '
Apopo hope to become a centre of excellence for the training and development of rodent detectors , leasing out their handlers and animals as needed and training different communities to use their own indigenous rodent species for their own detection needs .
Bart has had a great idea and Apopo is doing a great job putting his idea into practice .
But my fear is that as Apopo is the only de-mining organisation using rats , one fatal oversight could be too much bad PR to handle .
Selling rats as heroes is hard enough as it is .
When I finally reached the minefield and walked on ground that had been given the all clear by a rat the day before , I was definitely nervous .
Had any mines been missed ?
But what 's harder to know is , was I more nervous than I would have been had it been cleared by a man and metal detector ?
Having never been in a minefield before , I just do n't know .
Later , I was told that only days before , a human mine clearer from another organisation working in Mozambique had begun his lunch break by putting down his metal detector , walking back along a path he had just cleared , stood on a mine he had missed and was killed .
So why should I trust a fallible human any more than an animal conditioned to believe its survival is dependent on finding landmines ?
Apopo's de-mining project was featured in the series Alvin 's Guide To Good Business , transmitted on BBC World on 6 and 7 March 2010 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SAN FRANCISCO
San Francisco Police Chief George Gascon today apologized for remarks he made Thursday on the threat of terrorism that drew criticism from members of the city ’s Middle Eastern community .
Gascon spoke at a breakfast at San Francisco ’s Ferry Building before construction and trade groups , at which he discussed a $ 412 million June 8 bond measure to build a new police headquarters and implement other seismic upgrades citywide .
According to Gascon , he also discussed possible terrorist threats to the headquarters at the Hall of Justice as another reason to support the measure .
He said he mentioned domestic terrorism but also the threat of international terrorism from Yemen and Afghanistan , and also noted significant populations from those countries residing in the Bay Area .
Today , his office issued a statement apologizing “ to those in the Arab , Middle Eastern , and Muslim communities who were offended by his comments yesterday . ”
“ Chief Gascon did not intend to upset the community and he is mindful of the importance of cultural sensitivity , not only here in San Francisco , but nationally , ” the statement read .
The San Francisco Bay Area office of the Council on American Islamic Relations said today that it , along with other local Arab and Muslim groups , sent a letter to Gascon in which they expressed disappointment .
The organization said they have asked the police chief to meet with leaders from the Arab and Muslim community in San Francisco to talk about possible negative impacts of his comments .
Copyright © 2009 by Bay City News , Inc. " … republication , re-transmission or reuse without the express written consent of Bay City News , Inc. is prohibited .
10 Greatest Comments Appearing Below Rolling Stone ’s “ Steve Perry vs. Sarah Silverman ” Article
If you have n’t seen the article in question yet , you can find it right here , but to get the gist , here ’s the opening paragraph :
In an interview with Playboy set to hit newsstands tomorrow , comedian Sarah Silverman responds to questions about her provocative brand of humor by telling a story about how “ the onetime lead singer of a very popular band from the 1980s ” came up to her after a show and said , “ You ’re my favorite comedian .
You have the best nigger jokes . ”
Silverman did n’t outright name Journey ’s Steve Perry , but she added , “ I ’ll just say this : After that , I stopped believin’ , ” a poke at the band ’s classic “ Do n’t Stop Believin ’ . ”
It ’s kind of a non-event , really , since the combination of knowing Sarah Silverman ’s sense of humor and reading Steve Perry ’s reaction to her comments make it seem pretty likely that she ’s having a laugh by taking an approximation of something he said and making it into a punchline of questionable comedic value ( your mileage , of course , may vary ) , but try telling that to the members of the Steve Perry street team , who have come out in force in the Comments section of the article .
Here , then , are ten of my favorite reactions … and , yes , they are all 100 % real .
1. “ I refuse to believe that Mr. Perry is the same type of low - life as John Mayer who would carelessly use such a disgusting word . ”
2 . “ What bullshit !
I do n’t believe he even talked to that slut puppy !
Neal ( Schon ) and ( Jonathan ) Cain probably paid her to say that because they know Perry ’s working on his new cd !
What a bunch of lowlifes ! ”
3. “ WELL I DON ’T BELIEVE A WORD THAT TRAILER TRASH SARAH SAYS .
I ’D LIKE FOR HER TO USE THE NI WORD IN FRONT OF WHOOPI .
WHY DIDN ’T SHE USE IT WHEN SHE WAS ON THE VIEW ?
STEVE’S IDOL IS SAM COOKE HELLO IF HE WAS PREJUDICE HE WOULDN ’T SAY SAM COOKE IS HIS HERO MORE LESS .
WHY COMEDIANS FEEL THEY HAVE USE BAD WORDS TO GET LAUGHS IS BEYOND ME .
SHE COULD OF SAID BLK PEOPLE INSTEAD OF THE N WORD GROW UP SARAH . ”
4 . “ I work in the mental health field and so I know how people perceive what they want and misconstrue to make themselves powerful .
I find her humor cheap , condescending and pathetic .
Steve Perry can’t even enjoy a comedian act without someone trying to shit on his image .
LEAVE HIM ALONE !
I get so tired of people triangulating in the name of fame at other ’s expense . ”
5 . “ First and foremost , I do not think that Racial and Ethnic slurs have a place in Comedy PERIOD .
My interpretation of Silverman is nothing more than a Skank !
Furthermore , I also have been a fan of Steve Perry for 30 years or more .
I HAVE been to concerts and he is a total gentleman at all times , with more class than any other Lead Singer I have ever seen .
I also wish to challenge what RS is saying that Mr. Perry actually said to defend himself .
I doubt he would say as much as RS is saying , or go into detail about the experience .
This is just disgusting rubbish that belongs in the dump along with Sarah Silverman .
Listen to Steve ’s beautiful Voice and weigh the talent .
I do n’t have to tell you which side the scale is going to weigh heavy .
RS , write something good for a change .
You used do some great articles .
This is definitely way below your standards . ”
6 . “ This is SUCH BULL !!
Steven is one of the kindest , most gentle spirits on the planet and would NEVER say the “ N - word ” !!!!
That bitch lied ! ”
7 . “ Steve is very classy and SEXY guy !
I do n’t believe he said this in a million years !
Steve is friends with Randy Jackson , so why would anyone agree with that so called comedian ? ”
8. “ SARAH SILVERMAN , I WILL NEVER WATCH U ON T.V AGAIN .. THIS IS SO - UNCOOL ” TO USE JENNIFER ANNISTON ’S WORDS ” ..
STEVE PERRY IS WAY TO POPULAR FOR U TO JAM ON ..AND REALLY U JUST AREN ’T THAT FUNNY .. TO BE HONEST , EVEN IF ROBIN WILLIAMS OR RICHARD PRYOR SAID IT , I WOULD BE PISSED ..AND U CAN ’T EVEN TOUCH THEM AS A COMEDIAN . ”
9 . “ First Sarah is a total B . Get a life !
I guess your name has n’t come up often so you have to create a total lie about “ The Voice . ”
Like one comment said he was going to come out with an album and now this will scare him away .
He ’ll hide for another ten years !!
Thank you !!
Some people ( Sarah ) have nothing better to do in their lives than make up lies about the nicest people !
All she does is make up horrible jokes but they should n’t be called jokes because they SUCK ASS !!!
Anyways she ’s racist herself .
Yeah it ’s fun and jokes but what do we really now ?
She just might hate us all !
Also Steve Perry is the greatest voice ever !
That is why they call him the voice !
And his idol is Sam Cook ! for heaven sakes he ’s black !
Now why would a guy who loves Sam Cook be racist !?!?
And maybe Neal Schon paid her to say it all .
I can believe that after all Neal and Steve are n’t great friends right now .
Sarah is just making this up .
She thinks it ’s a funny and cute joke .
Well let me tell you something it ’s not funny or freaking cute !!
Also why would someone falsely accuse another just for a laugh !!
She ’s an F*** Bitch !!!
Lastly Sarah get a freaking life !!
Stop making fun of people just because .
Steve I believe you all the way !
You ’re the best singer and also will be .
And you ’ll also be the nicest and most charming guy ever !!
And again I believe you !!
Steve Perry is right and Sarah Bitch is wrong to Hell !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ”
10 . “ I believe Steve Perry over that no -talent - horse - faced - unfunny woman any day … and where is all the outcry over John Mayers racial slurs in Playboy ???
The kid is a no - talent racist who will be dead of a drug or alcohol overdose in 5 years or less …
Peace … ”
It 's been noted many times that Clarence Thomas rarely utters a word when he 's hearing a case before him .
That silence has been a source of criticism and interest to his reputation on the highest bench in the land for along time .
I think now he has a bigger problem now because his wife has helped launch a new tea party group .
LA Times :
Justice 's wife launches ' tea party ' group .
The nonprofit run by Virginia Thomas , wife of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas , is likely to test notions of political impartiality for the court .
Reporting from Washington
As Virginia
Thomas tells it in her soft - spoken , Midwestern cadence , the story of her involvement in the " tea party " movement is the tale of an average citizen in action .
" I am an ordinary citizen from Omaha , Neb. , who just may have the chance to preserve liberty along with you and other people like you , " she said at a recent panel discussion with tea party leaders in Washington .
Thomas went on to count herself among those energized into action by President Obama 's " hard - left agenda . "
But Thomas is no ordinary activist .
She is the wife of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas , and she has launched a tea - party - linked group that could test the traditional notions of political impartiality for the court .
In January , Virginia Thomas created Liberty Central Inc. , a nonprofit lobbying group whose website will organize activism around a set of conservative " core principles , " she said .
She may not be breaking any rules at this point , but it certainly looks bad for the judge .
Virginia Thomas has long been a passionate voice for conservative views .
She has worked for former Republican Rep. Dick Armey of Texas and for the Heritage Foundation , a conservative think tank with strong ties to the GOP .
In 2000 , while at the Heritage Foundation , she was recruiting staff for a possible George W. Bush administration as her husband was hearing the case that would decide the election .
When journalists reported her work , Thomas said she saw no conflict of interest and that she rarely discussed court matters with her husband .
I 'm sorry , this looks bad for a lot for reasons and to say that they rarely discuss court matters seems absurd to anyone that has had a long term relationship or have been married .
And the fact that she 's going to take cash from corporations is a big deal .
Her marriage to a Supreme Court judge would be very appealing to donors .
Here 's some of her bio on her website :
With 30 years of experience within the Washington beltway working alongside esteemed politicians like Dick Armey and for institutions like Hillsdale College , the Heritage Foundation and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , Ginni is committed to serving as a clearinghouse for new and more effective online activism .
Ginni , the ‘ proud ’ Nebraskan , is a fan of Rush Limbaugh , Mark Levin and Laura Ingraham and other talk radio hosts .
She is intrigued by Glenn Beck and listening carefully .
She also enjoys motor homing and watching " 24 " .
Her intense Beck listening is a troubling sign .
This is not the first , nor will it be the last , time I have been impressed by a monkey .
Geboren am 11 .
Juni 1952 in Bergisch Gladbach ;
römisch - katholisch ; verheiratet ; drei Kinder .
1968 Mittlere Reife ; Ausbildung zum Einzelhandelskaufmann bei der
Konsumgenossenschaft Köln eG/ COOP
West AG ; Supermarktleiter ;
Besuch der Rheinischen Akademie in Köln mit Abschluss " Staatlich
geprüfter Betriebswirt " ; Abitur auf dem zweiten Bildungsweg ;
Studium der Rechtswissenschaften an der Universität Köln ; 1988
erstes und 1991 zweites juristisches Staatsexamen .
Seit 1991 Rechtsanwalt in der Kanzlei Winter , Jansen &
Lamsfuß in Bergisch Gladbach .
2000 bis 2006 Mitglied im Kuratorium der Stiftung " Erinnerung ,
Verantwortung und Zukunft " ; Mitglied im Verein " Gegen Vergessen -
für Demokratie e.V. " ; Mitglied des Gesellschaftsausschusses der
Bayer 04 Sportförderung GmbH ; Präsident der KG " Große
Gladbacher von 1927 e.V. " ; Verdienstorden
Bul le mérite vom Bund
deutscher Kriminalbeamter ; Lehrer - Welsch - Preis des Vereins
Deutsche Sprache ; Orden für Zivilcourage und Charakter der
Bürgergesellschaft Köln - Thielenbruch ; Auszeichnung für
Zivilcourage des Freundeskreises Heinrich Heine in Düsseldorf .
Seit 1972 Mitglied der CDU ; 1975 bis 1979 Mitglied im Kreistag
des Rheinisch - Bergischen Kreises ; 1979 bis 1999 Mitglied des
Rates der Stadt Bergisch Gladbach ; 1994 , 1998 , 2002 , 2005 und
2009 im Rheinisch - Bergischen Kreis direkt in den Deutschen
Bundestag gewählt ; April 2003 bis März 2005 stellvertretender
Vorsitzender der CDU Nordrhein - Westfalen ; 2000 bis 2009
stellvertretender Vorsitzender der CDU / CSU - Bundestagsfraktion für
das Ressort Innen - und Rechtspolitik .
November 2009 bis September 2015 Vorsitzender des
Innenausschusses des Deutschen Bundestages .
Fernando Gómez Mont , secretario de Gobernación en el sexenio de Felipe Calderón , aseguró que ni él ni el expresidente tuvieron información “ seria ” de fuentes nacionales o internacionales , que confirmara una relación del entonces secretario de Seguridad federal , Genaro García Luna , con el Cártel de Sinaloa , por lo cual está preso en EU desde el 10 de diciembre del año pasado .
Entrevistado durante la presentación del “ Diagnóstico sobre la percepción de la defensoría penal en México ” , Gómez Mont dijo que no ha dado seguimiento al proceso que se le sigue a García Luna en EU .
“ Éste es un tema que se está ventilando en otra jurisdicción .
No le estoy dando especial atención a este asunto ” .
Asimismo , el exsecretario de Gobernación indicó que las agencias de seguridad de ambas naciones nunca le expresaron una preocupación sobre los posibles vínculos de García Luna .
“ El presidente ( Felipe Calderón ) recibía información razonable de varias fuentes .
Yo no tengo conocimiento de ninguna de las fuentes nacionales o internacionales , jamás me llamó la atención con seriedad la vinculación de García Luna con una organización criminal (...)
A mí jamás se me pasó información alguna ; quiero pensar que al presidente menos , en ese sentido compartíamos información similar ” .
Para el actual socio del despacho de abogados Zinser Esponda y Gómez Mont , no era un secreto a voces la posible protección que brindaba el exsecretario de Seguridad al Cártel de Sinaloa .
“ ¿Se le hace ?
Para ser secreto a voces no .
Todo el tiempo puede haber dimes y diretes , pero tarde que temprano ésta es una lección que pasa mucho tiempo después , que pasa frente a las autoridades americanas y frente a un hombre que se va a residir a Estados Unidos , todo esto se va a ser público en una sala de justicia , esperemos a ver .
Yo lo que sí puedo decir es : yo nunca tuve evidencia de que ese fuera el caso , pero si esa evidencia se materializa , ocho o nueve años después , hay que entender por qué se materializó , cuáles son las fuentes ” .
¿ Le dice algo que el proceso contra García Luna se haya iniciado en EU y no en México ?
“ Creo que los procedimientos americanos suelen ser serios porque saben que tienen que ser contrastados en un procedimiento dialéctico y público , pero vamos a ver , también se la vuelan allá , vamos a ver ” , dijo Gómez Mont .
¿ Estaría dispuesto a acudir a declarar a EU en caso de que se le requiera ?
“ Yo no creo conocer nada que sea pertinente en ese juicio .
Pero si pasa , ya lo valoraremos en su momento ” .
politica@eleconomista.mx
Marshall Amplifiers and legendary guitarist , Slash , have been working together to recreate the amp that was used on the 1987 Guns n’ Roses album , ‘ Appetite For Destruction ‘ .
Marshall have been posting a number of updates on their AFD100 website .
Fans of both Slash and Marshall are able to follow the progress of the amp ’s creation by visiting www.afd100.com, where they will receive regular updates throughout the development stages of the amplifier .
The AFD100 is planned to be released later this year 2010 .
Marshall Amplification has had a long association with Slash — the JCM 2555SL Slash Signature Series amplifier was released in 1996 .
Stage 1 : AFD100 R&D Investigation part 2
After the initial inspection was complete and the chassis safely back in it ’s robust housing the conversation turned to possible amp models and features .
This is also where Santiago asked to get hold of the original AFD master tracks .
As we know , Slash came through and these are now providing invaluable info on the Appetite tone .
Stage 1 : AFD100 R&D Investigation part 3
Here Slash and our Engineer Santiago discuss the tonal qualities of both the Jubilee and JCM800 amps , as well as a possible boost function for the AFD100 and that all important question . . . to FX loop or not to FX loop ?
Stage 1 : AFD100 R&D Investigation part 4
After plucking a 1959 from the studio stock room the debate turns to variable wattage controls , gain stages and multiple inputs in this AFD100 video episode .
Stage 1 : AFD100 R&D Investigation part 5
We ’re talking aesthetics and output valves ( tubes ) this week as the guys discuss JCM800 and 1959 styles and what should power the AFD100 tone – EL34’s , 6550 ’s . . .?
Marshall Amplification — gotta love legendary guitarist Slash , his style and tones is amazing .
Do n't Blame Your Community : Ad Blocking Is Not Killing Any Sites
from the get - over - it dept
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Every so often we hear about a random blog or website that freaks out and claims that ad blockers are " stealing " or somehow damaging websites .
But it 's quite a surprise to see a similar argument from a site like Ars Technica -- one of the top techie sites out there , which is now owned by Conde Nast .
Over the weekend , Ars wrote an odd post claiming that ad blocking " is devastating to the sites you love . "
Ars decided to run an experiment where it blocked access to its content to any user using an ad blocker ( with no warning or explanation ) .
Not surprisingly , this pissed off a bunch of readers , and Ars now admits that it was a mistake in how it was handled -- but that it still believes ad blockers are harming sites .
Frankly , such a position is insulting ( though , even more insulting was the way Ars staff responded to complaints in its comments , dismissing people who do n't like their ads as not adding anything and actively telling them to go away ) .
If you 're reading Techdirt , and the ads we serve are not good , you have every right to use an ad blocker .
It 's your browser , do whatever you want with it .
I , personally , douse an ad blocker because I do n't find most ads annoying -- but if you do , more power to you .
You 're absolutely welcome here on Techdirt .
Back in December of last year , we signed an experimental ad deal to run a series of ads on the site , where a single advertiser would effectively have all the ads for a 24 - hour period .
As a part of that , there would be an ad at the top that temporarily " pushed down " the content for a few seconds , before pulling back up .
Nothing was covered .
Nothing prevented readers from getting the content .
And the " pushdown " ad only showed once per visitor and never again .
We went back and forth about it , but decided it was worth an experiment -- especially since no content was blocked or covered .
I wo n't name the advertiser who was in the first test ... but many of you did notice , and didlike it .
We got a lot of complaints .
So we killed the additional tests .
I wo n't lie : these deals were for quite a bit of money -- a very large premium on the amount of money we typically make from advertising .
But when we saw how annoyed our users were , we realized immediately what a bad idea this was and told the others who were scheduled to run similar campaigns , " sorry . "
We gave up a lot of money to do so , but what it came down to in our mind was that it was n't worth it .
And when I say " was n't worth it , " I do n't mean just to us or our community -- but to the advertiser .
Most of the anger we saw over the original ad campaign was n't directed at us -- it was directed at the company doing the advertising .
So we told a bunch of companies willing to pay us a lot of money not that we did n't want their money -- but thatdid n't want to buy that kind of advertising , because it would only damage their own brands .
Now , compare that to another " project " that we did late last year .
As you may recall , UPS sponsored me doing a series of " whiteboard videos " about topics that we regularly talk about here -- one on the economics of abundance , one on the innovator 's dilemma and one on the difference between innovation and invention .
Before releasing these , I was actually a bit nervous about how people would respond .
But these videos , which were clearly labeled as being sponsored by UPS , actually were a huge hit , and we received lots of compliments about them .
Even more interesting ?
Numerous comments on the videos thanked UPS for sponsoring them and making them happen .
A similar thing happened when we launched our IT Innovation website , sponsored by Sun and Intel .
In that case , those two companies were sponsoring us to develop more general content around a topic that we ( and many of you ) found interesting .
The editorial control was still entirely our own , but Sun and Intel received branding on the website , and the ability to offer up some whitepapers to download in the sidebar .
The end result has been wonderful , and we 'll likely do similar projects in the future .
Rather than annoying readers , we lined up everything in a way that benefited everyone .
It really was a win - win - win sort of setup .
Those types of projects are the kinds that we love to do , and which add real value to the community and to the sponsors .
Those are the types of things that we thinkpublications should be looking at doing .
Things that add value , not take it away .
Oh , and if you 're a company that wants to do a project like this that gets people excited , rather than annoyed by your brand , feel free to contact us Mike Markson recently wrote up a blog post for entrepreneurs , talking about how every entrepreneur needs to learn the lesson that , whatever does n't go right is your fault .
It 's a tough lesson for people ( especially entrepreneurs ) to learn .
If you can't raise money , do n't blame the investors .
You were the one who failed to convince them .
If you can't make sales , do n't blame the sales people .
You either hired the wrong sales people or did n't put together a compelling enough pitch or did n't have a good enough product .
It 's your responsibility as an entrepreneur to fix things .
And I 'm not saying this as a third party : I 've been in both of the experiences discussed in this paragraph , and had to learn not to blame others , because thatthe natural tendency .
But it 's not productive at all .
Along those lines , if you are running a media site , if you 're having trouble making money , .
Do n't blame your readers .
Do n't blame your community by telling them they 're " devastating " a site by blocking ads or failing to pay for a paywall .
As the producers of that site , it 'sto do things to get that site paid for .
If you do n't like what we 're doing on Techdirt , go ahead and block our ads .
Sure , just like Ars , many of our ads are paid for based on impressions and we may make less money from those ads , but that 's our problem and the problem of advertisers who are n't willing to do more unique , creative and compelling projects that benefit the community rather than annoy it .
We want the advertisers , sponsors and partners we work with to get the best results possible in a way that everyone wins .
And that 's not by forcing people who do n't want to see their ads to see them , or by pissing off our readers by blocking them if they use ad blocking .
It 's by taking on the responsibility ourselves to put together compelling programs that make everything more valuable for all participants .
And we value you as readers even if you 're not seeing any ads at all .
That 's because you take part in the community .
You share links to our posts .
You comment .
You tell others about what we 've written -- and that 's all incredibly valuable to us and the rest of the community -- much more than any CPM value we'd get from a few extra ad impressions .
If you do n't see an ad , that does n't mean you have no value .
Quite the opposite .
Claiming that ad blocking is harming sites is like the recording industry claiming that piracy ( or home taping ) is killing music .
Or it 's like the newspaper industry claiming that aggregators are killing them .
It 's passing the blame .
If you run a company , it 's your responsibility to put together a business model that works .
And if people are somehow figuring out ways to do what they want where you do n't get paid , then it means you 're doing something that needs to change .
Abusiness model is one where everyone is happy with the transaction , not one where one party feels forced or coerced into accepting something they do n't want .
So , let 's get past this idea of blaming others , and focus on building business models where everyone benefits .
Filed Under : adblocking , adblocks , advertising , ars technica , business models , community , economics , publishing , value
Companies : ars technica , conde nast
Transcript :
Doctor :
It looks like you have nothing to worry about .
But rest assured , pharmaceutical research is doing everything it can to put an end to that .
The standard modern foundation of mathematics is constructed using set theory .
With these foundations , the mathematical universe of objects one studies contains not only the “ primitive ” mathematical objects such as numbers and points , but also sets of these objects , sets of sets of objects , and so forth .
( In a pure set theory , the primitive objects would themselves be sets as well ; this is useful for studying the foundations of mathematics , but for most mathematical purposes it is more convenient , and less conceptually confusing , to refrain from modeling primitive objects as sets . )
One has to carefully impose a suitable collection of axioms on these sets , in order to avoid paradoxes such as Russell ’s paradox ; but with a standard axiom system such as Zermelo - Fraenkel - Choice ( ZFC ) , all actual paradoxes that we know of are eliminated .
Still , one might be somewhat unnerved by the presence in set theory of statements which , while not genuinely paradoxical in a strict sense , are still highly unintuitive ; Cantor ’s theorem on the uncountability of the reals , and the Banach - Tarski paradox , are perhaps the two most familiar examples of this .
One may suspect that the reason for this unintuitive behaviour is the presence of infinite sets in one ’s mathematical universe .
After all , if one deals solely with finite sets , then there is no need to distinguish between countable and uncountable infinities , and Banach - Tarski type paradoxes cannot occur .
On the other hand , many statements in infinitary mathematics can be reformulated into equivalent statements in finitary mathematics ( involving only finitely many points or numbers , etc. ) ; I have explored this theme in a number of previous blog posts .
So , one may ask : what is the finitary analogue of statements such as Cantor ’s theorem or the Banach - Tarski paradox ?
The finitary analogue of Cantor ’s theorem is well - known : it is the assertion that for every natural number , or equivalently that the power set of a finite set of elements cannot be enumerated by itself .
Though this is not quite the end of the story ; after all , one also has for every natural number , or equivalently that the union of a finite set and an additional element cannot be enumerated by itself , but the former statement extends to the infinite case , while the latter one does not .
What causes these two outcomes to be distinct ?
On the other hand , it is less obvious what the finitary version of the Banach - Tarski paradox is .
Note that this paradox is available only in three and higher dimensions , but not in one or two dimensions ; so presumably a finitary analogue of this paradox should also make the same distinction between low and high dimensions .
I therefore set myself the exercise of trying to phrase Cantor ’s theorem and the Banach - Tarski paradox in a more “ finitary ” language .
It seems that the easiest way to accomplish this is to avoid the use of set theory , and replace sets by some other concept .
Taking inspiration from theoretical computer science , I decided to replace concepts such as functions and sets by the concepts of algorithms and oracles instead , with various constructions in set theory being replaced instead by computer language pseudocode .
The point of doing this is that one can now add a new parameter to the universe , namely the amount of computational resources one is willing to allow one ’s algorithms to use .
At one extreme , one can enforce a “ strict finitist ” viewpoint where the total computational resources available ( time and memory ) are bounded by some numerical constant , such as ; roughly speaking , this causes any mathematical construction to break down once its complexity exceeds this number .
Or one can take the slightly more permissive “ finitist ” or “ constructivist ” viewpoint , where any finite amount of computational resource is permitted ; or one can then move up to allowing any construction indexed by a countable ordinal , or the storage of any array of countable size .
Finally one can allow constructions indexed by arbitrary ordinals ( i.e. transfinite induction ) and arrays of arbitrary infinite size , at which point the theory becomes more or less indistinguishable from standard set theory .
I describe this viewpoint , and how statements such as Cantor ’s theorem and Banach - Tarski are interpreted with this viewpoint , below the fold .
I should caution that this is a conceptual exercise rather than a rigorous one ; I have not attempted to formalise these notions to the same extent that set theory is formalised .
Thus , for instance , I have no explicit system of axioms that algorithms and oracles are supposed to obey .
Of course , these formal issues have been explored in great depth by logicians over the past century or so , but I do not wish to focus on these topics in this post .
A second caveat is that the actual semantic content of this post is going to be extremely low .
I am not going to provide any genuinely new proof of Cantor ’s theorem , or give a new construction of Banach - Tarski type ; instead , I will be reformulating the standard proofs and constructions in a different language .
Nevertheless I believe this viewpoint is somewhat clarifying as to the nature of these paradoxes , and as to how they are not as fundamentally tied to the nature of sets or the nature of infinity as one might first expect .
— 1 . A computational perspective on mathematics —
The great advantage of using set theory in mathematics is that all objects in a given set ( e.g. all numbers in the real line ) are available to you at all times ; one can take one , many , or all objects in a set and manipulate them as one wishes ( cf. the axiom schema of replacement ) ; similarly , one can assign a truth value to a statement that quantifies over an arbitrary number of objects .
If one removes sets from the picture , then one no longer has immediate access to arbitrary elements of a set , and one can no longer perform operations en masse on all the elements of a set at once ; instead , one must use some ( possibly more restrictive ) protocol for manipulating objects in a class , or verifying whether a given statement is true or false .
( In more philosophical terms , we are focusing more on an epistemological approach to mathematics , based on what we can measure and query , as opposed to an ontological approach , based on what we believe to exist . )
For this , it is convenient to use the conceptual framework that is familiar to us through modern computer languages , such as C .
In this paradigm , when dealing with a class of objects ( e.g. integers ) , we do not get access to the entire set of integers directly .
Instead , we have to declare a integer variable , such as , and set it equal to some value , e.g. ; or , if one is creating a routine that takes input , might be initialised to one of the unspecified inputs of that routine .
Later on , we can use existing variables to define new ones , or to redefine existing ones , e.g. one might define to equal , or perhaps one can increment to .
One can then set up various loops and iterations to explore more of the parameter space ; for instance , if countably infinite loops are permitted as a computational resource , then one can exhaust the positive integers by starting at and incrementing by indefinitely ; one can similarly exhaust the negative integers , and by alternating between the two ( and also passing through ) one can exhaust the entire integers by a countably infinite loop .
This of course is just the standard demonstration that the integers are countable .
Real - world computers , of course , have finite limits of precision ; they cannot represent arbitrarily large integers , but only integers up to a certain size ( e.g. or ) .
One could think about computational models with such a strict finitary limitation , but let us assume that we are in a more idealised setting in which there are no limitations on how large an integer one can store .
Let us then make the even more idealised assumption that we can also store real numbers with unlimited precision ; our computer never makes any roundoff errors .
( Note that there are indeed arbitrary precision models of computation that can do this , though the catch is that speed of computation depends heavily on how complicated it is to describe any given number . )
Remark 1
A technical point : it may be that the computational model of the real numbers is different from the standard real line ; for instance , perhaps the computer only implements “ constructible ” real numbers , which is for instance the case in physical arbitrary precision computers .
We will touch upon this point again later .
Note that if one were to expand out a given real number , say , as a decimal expansion , then one would obtain an infinite string of digits .
But , just as we do not have direct access to the set of all integers , we will not have direct access to the entire decimal expansion of .
If we have a natural number , we are allowed to inspect the digit of by making a suitable function call ( e.g. ) , and if we are allowed to set up an infinite loop in which starts at and increments indefinitely , one can exhaust all the digits of , which is good enough for most “ practical ” mathematical purposes .
( For instance , if one were allowed to run programs of countable length using real arithmetic , one could make a program that determined whether was normal or not , or to determine the truth of the Riemann hypothesis , or more generally to compute the truth - value of any first - order sentence in the theory of the real line . )
We assume that the usual arithmetic operations can be performed on real numbers in reasonable amounts of time .
For instance , given two real numbers , one can determine whether they are equal or not in finite time ( consulting some sort of “ equality oracle ” for the reals if necessary ) .
Note that equality can be a subtle issue ; if one thinks of real numbers as infinite strings of digits , their equality can only be verified directly by using a countable amount of computing power .
But we will sidestep the issue of how exactly the reals are implemented by simply assuming that enough oracles exist to perform real arithmetic at an acceptable computational cost .
As already hinted at in the above discussion , we are assuming that our computer has access to a certain amount of computing resources ( e.g. time , memory , random number generation , oracles ) .
We will be rather vague on exactly how to formalise the concept of a resource , but basically the standard definitions used in computer science would be a good approximation here , at least when the resources are finite .
But one can consider allowing for certain computational resources to be infinite in some carefully controlled manner ; for instance , one could consider a situation in which countably infinite loops are permitted ( provided that all variables in the loop that one wants to retain “ converge ” in some sense at the end of the loop ) , but for which uncountable loops are not allowed .
We will not formalise such concepts here ( but roughly speaking , they correspond to allowing transfinite induction up to some specified ordinal , and no further ) .
We will not be using sets or set - theoretic functions in this computer language .
However , we will use as a substitute the concept of an oracle – a “ black box ” routine that takes zero or more variables of a given class as input , and returns zero or more variables in various classes as output ( usually we will have just a single output , but it will be convenient to allow multiple outputs ) .
Being a black box , we do not know how the oracle obtains the output from the input , but we are able to use the oracle anyway .
Let us assume that each invocation of an oracle takes some acceptable amount of time ( e.g. bounded time when the computational resources are finite , or countably infinite time if countable time resources are allowed , etc. ) .
All our oracles are consistent in the sense that they always produce the same output for a fixed choice of input ; thus , if one calls the oracle again at some later time with the same input , then the oracle will return the same output as it did before .
It is important to note that consistency is a subtly weaker assumption than requiring the oracle is non-adaptive ; we allow the oracle to “ remember ” previous queries , and to use that memory to formulate answers to later queries , as long as it does not contradict the outputs it gave previously .
We will be concerned primarily with membership oracles – an oracle that takes a variable in a given class and returns an answer that is either “ Yes ” or “ No ” .
Informally , the oracle is describing some subset of this class , and is answering questions regarding whether any given variable lies in this set or not .
Note , however , that this set only exists in a “ virtual ” or “ potential ” sense ; if the oracle is adaptive , the set of inputs that will give a “ Yes ” answer may not yet be fixed , but could depend on future queries to the oracle .
If the class can be exhausted within the computational resources permitted ( e.g. if the parameter space can be countably enumerated by the computer , and countably infinite loops are permitted ) , then one can query the oracle for every single element and thus pin down the set completely ( though one may not be able to store this set if one does not have sufficient memory resources ! ) , but if the parameter space is too large to be exhausted with the available resources , then the set that the oracle is describing will never be completely described .
To illustrate this , let us briefly return to the traditional language of set theory and recall the following textbook example of a non-measurable subset of the reals .
This set is constructed by partitioning into cosets of the rationals , and then using the axiom of choice to selecting a single representative of each coset ; the set is the collection of all such representatives .
Thus the rational translates , partition , and it is not hard to then deduce ( using the properties of Lebesgue measure ) that cannot be Lebesgue measurable .
We can simulate this non-measurable set by an adaptive oracle , which remembers all prior queries to itself , and works as follows :
takes a real number as input .
takes a real number as input .
If has previously answered the question of whether lies in , repeat whatever answer was given previously .
has previously answered the question of whether lies in , repeat whatever answer was given previously .
If has not been queried before , and if furthermore no rational translate of has been queried before either ( i.e. differs from all previous queries by an irrational number ) , then answer with “ yes ” .
has not been queried before , and if furthermore no rational translate of has been queried before either ( i.e. differs from all previous queries by an irrational number ) , then answer with “ yes ” .
Finally , if has not been queried before , but has been queried before for some rational , then answer with “ no ” .
has not been queried before , but has been queried before for some rational , then answer with “ no ” .
Store ( and ) in memory for use in future queries .
Assuming one has a rationality oracle that can tell ( in bounded time ) whether a given real number is rational or not , then is a perfectly programmable oracle , which will run in finite time whenever one asks only a finite number of queries of it .
( After querying the oracle an infinite number of times , though , it will require an infinite search loop in order to make sure that any subsequent answer it gives is consistent with all previous answers , unless one is allowed to use an infinite amount of memory , e.g. an array indexed by the quotient space .)
It is even completely deterministic – it requries no arbitrary choices on the part of the oracle .
If one had the patience to query this oracle for every single real number ( which would , of course , require an uncountable number of queries ) , the oracle would eventually describe completely the non-measurable set .
But if one is only permitted a finite or countable number of queries , then the non-measurable set only exists in some “ virtual ” sense .
More generally , non-adaptive oracles tend to generate measurable sets , while adaptive oracles are likely to generate non-measurable sets .
So we see that non-measurability does not have to be viewed as a quirk arising from the nature of infinity , or from the axiom of choice ; it can be viewed instead as the freedom to adapt to previous queries to membership of the set , which is a concept that makes sense even in a strictly finitist setting .
Remark 2
One can think of an non-adaptive oracle as being like a truthful observer , reporting on some objective set that exists independently of the queries , while an adaptive oracle is more like a pathological liar , inventing a previously non-existent set on the fly as needed in order to consistently answer the questions posed of it .
It is then not so surprising that the set thus invented is likely to be non-measurable .
We thus see that the ability of oracles to adapt is somewhat analogous to the role the axiom of choice plays in traditional set theory .
We will discuss measurability and non-measurability in more detail a little later in this post .
We have seen that membership oracles are sort of like “ virtual ” sets .
Many set operations can be simulated for membership oracles .
For instance , given two membership oracles that apply to variables in some class ( e.g. the real numbers ) , one can form the union oracle , which works by querying both and and returning “ Yes ” if at least one of and was “ Yes ” , and “ No ” otherwise .
More generally , any finite boolean operation of membership oracles gives another membership oracle , and ( if countable computational resources are available ) the same is true for countable boolean operations also .
As one increases the amount of computational resources available , more and more set - theoretic operations become available , and when one allows unlimited resources ( or more precisely , transfinite induction up to any ordinal , and storage of arbitrarily sized infinite sets ) , then all the standard operations in set theory ( e.g. invocations of the axiom schema of replacement , the power set axiom , the axiom of choice , etc. ) become available .
Remark 3 Membership oracles only describe a raw , unstructured set .
If one wants to place additional structure on a set ( e.g. measure structure , topological structure , smooth structure , etc. ) then additional oracles would be needed .
Of course , the same is true in traditional set theory ; for instance , to place a topology on a set one also needs to specify a collection of open sets on obeying the axioms of a topology , and similarly for other structures one can place on sets .
We will see an example of these additional oracles later in this post , when we revisit the concept of measurability .
Remark 4 Membership oracles are weaker than sets in many ways .
One of these comes from a breakdown of the law of the excluded middle .
In set theory , a statement about a set is either true or false ; for instance , is either finite or infinite .
If one is instead given an adaptive membership oracle , questions such as whether describes a finite set or not are undecidable if one only has finite computational resources .
However , one can imagine strengthening the membership oracle to a oracle that , in addition to answering questions about membership of individual elements , will also answer more general questions about ( such as whether is finite ) , in such a fashion that all the answers given are consistent with each other .
In such a way , the law of the excluded middle can be restored ; but then programming an adaptive oracle in a way that keeps all the answers consistent becomes quite a challenge .
( Note though that the Gödel completeness theorem asserts , in some sense , that this is always possible , provided that one ’s initial constraints on are originally consistent . )
— 2 . Cantor ’s theorem —
Cantor ’s theorem ( and its proof ) transfers easily enough from sets to oracles .
The analogue of a ( proposed ) enumeration of the real numbers is an “ enumeration oracle ” that takes a natural number as input , and returns a real number as output ; we allow repetitions .
The Cantor diagonal argument shows that given any such putative enumeration , and given access to a countable amount of computing resources , one can construct a real number which is guaranteed not to be covered by the enumeration oracle ; for instance , one can construct to be a string of decimals , with chosen to be the first digit in ( say ) not equal to the first digit of , chosen to be the first digit of not equal to the second digit of , and so forth .
( I exclude the digits and to avoid the technical and irrelevant issue . )
This is of course virtually identical to the usual proof of Cantor ’s theorem .
But the proof highlights that in order to exhibit a counterexample to the claim that enumerates the reals , one needs a countably infinite amount of computational resources .
And indeed if one works in a finitary computational model in which one is only allowed to run programs that are guaranteed to halt , and if one limits one ’s real number system to the “ finitely constructible ” reals – those reals that can be generated by halting programs – then one can indeed enumerate the “ real numbers ” in this system , by enumerating all the possible programs to generate real numbers as , and computing to be the output of , where is the first integer such that halts in less than steps , while outputting a number different from ( setting if no such integer exists ) .
In this model , the real number given by Cantor ’s argument is not finitely constructible , but only countably constructible .
It is only because one has access to countably infinite computational resources ( in particular , the ability to sum convergent infinite series such as ) , that the reals are no longer countable .
Let us now consider a slightly different version of Cantor ’s theorem , which in the language of set theory asserts that for a given set ( e.g. the natural numbers ) , that one cannot enumerate the power set by itself .
In order to phrase this using the language of oracles rather than sets , one needs to be able to treat oracles themselves as variables ; note that many modern computer languages ( particularly functional languages such as Lisp and Haskell ) already do this .
In particular , we allow for the existence of oracles that generate further oracles as output , or themselves take oracles as input .
A proposed enumeration of the power set of the natural numbers ( say ) by the natural numbers themselves can then be viewed as an enumeration oracle which takes a natural number as input , and returns a membership oracle in the natural numbers as output ; thus itself is able to accept a natural number as input and return a yes - or - no answer as output .
Cantor ’s diagonal argument then asserts that given any proposed enumeration oracle of the above form , one can always find a membership oracle which is not enumerated by .
Indeed , one simply sets to be the negation of for any given natural number input .
With this version of Cantor ’s argument , we no longer need a countably infinite amount of computational resources ; the above argument is valid even in the finitary computational model .
In that model , the argument shows that the class of oracles that terminate in finite time cannot itself be enumerated by an oracle that terminates in finite time ; this is essentially Turing ’s halting theorem .
Thus we see that Turing ’s theorem and Cantor ’s theorem are simply different cases of a single general theorem , the former in the case of finitary computational resources and the latter in the case of unlimited computational resources .
( See also my previous blog post for further discussion of these “ no self - defeating object ” arguments . )
Also observe that this version of Cantor ’s argument works if the natural numbers are replaced by any other class of variable ; for instance , in the finite class of integers between and , the argument demonstrates that the membership oracles in this class cannot be enumerated by the numbers from to itself , thus .
Let us now discuss the analogous situation with the inequality .
The claim is now that if is a finite class , and is a strictly larger class ( containing at least one additional element outside of ) , and one is given an enumeration oracle that takes an variable in as input and returns a variable in as output , then one should be able to find a variable in or equal to which is not covered by the enumeration oracle .
One way to find such a is by the following algorithm , which is just a painfully disguised version of the proof that using induction .
Let be an element in that is not in .
We first search through all the elements of to see if there is a solution to the equation .
If no solution exists , then we are done ; we can just take .
So suppose instead that we have some found some for which .
Then we can delete , and all other solutions to , from the domain of the oracle , and also delete from the output of the oracle , giving rise to a modified oracle which takes as input a variable with , and returns the output .
Note that if we ever find a variable in the range of that is not enumerated by , then will not be enumerated by either .
So we can descend from to the oracle , which has a smaller domain and range .
Also note that the range remains strictly larger than the domain , as lies in the range but not in the domain .
We can thus keep iterating this procedure ; since we cannot have an infinite descent , the algorithm must eventually terminate .
Unpacking the termination condition , we have indeed produced an element in the range of which was not enumerated by .
We observe that this algorithm only halts due to the principle of infinite descent , which is only valid when the initial class one starts with was finite .
For infinite classes , which admit infinite descents , one can of course find surjective enumerations between such classes and strictly larger classes ; for instance , the enumeration oracle that sends a natural number to is an enumeration of by .
In contrast , the proof of Cantor ’s theorem does not rely on facts specific to finite classes , such as the principle of infinite descent , and is thus valid in arbitrary classes .
— 3 . Measurability revisited —
In a previous section , we gave an example of a membership oracle in the real line which was non-measurable , in the sense that the set that it was ( virtually ) describing necessarily failed to be Lebesgue measurable .
But the concept of Lebesgue measurability was still defined in the context of set theory , and not in a purely oracle - theoretic language .
It is then natural to ask whether one can define Lebesgue measurability purely in the context of computational models , and in particular whether one can discuss this concept in a finitary computational model .
For simplicity let us now work in a bounded subset of , such as the unit interval , so that we can work with a finite measure rather than a - finite measure .
From classical measure theory , we recall the following characterisation of Lebesgue measurability : a subset of the unit interval is Lebesgue measurable if for every , one can find an elementary subset of the unit interval ( i.e. a finite union of open intervals ) whose set - theoretic difference with has outer measure less than , or equivalently that it can be covered by a countable collection of intervals whose length adds up to less than .
Thus , if one wants a membership oracle to “ certify ” its measurability , one way to do so is to provide an additional “ measurability oracle ” , which takes a positive real number as input , and returns three outputs :
A description of an elementary set ( which can be done in a finite amount of time and space , by specifying the number of intervals used to form , together with their endpoints ) ;
( which can be done in a finite amount of time and space , by specifying the number of intervals used to form , together with their endpoints ) ;
An interval oracle , that for each natural number input returns an interval ;
, that for each natural number input returns an interval ; A covering oracle , which for each real number in , returns a natural number for which .
( Actually , this oracle is redundant , as it can be simulated from the previous two outputs by a finite brute force search . )
With these oracles , one can then verify the measurability of by selecting an , and verifying firstly that after selecting any natural number , the sum of the lengths of remains less than , and secondly that after selecting any real number , that if lies in but not in or vice versa , that indeed lies in .
In principle , if one performed this verification procedure an uncountable number of times ( once for each choice of ) one would fully demonstrate the measurability of ; but if one instead only had access to finite or countable computational resources , then one could only verify measurability on an “ as needed ” basis .
So , in the oracle model , a measurable set is not simply a membership oracle ; it must also be supplemented with an additional measurability oracle that “ witnesses ” the measurability .
This is analogous to how sets must be augmented with ( say ) topological structure if one wants to perform topology on that set , or algebraic structure if one wants to perform algebra on that set , etc .
If one possesses a measurability oracle for a set ( or more precisely , a membership oracle ) , then can estimate the Lebesgue measure of to within accuracy by calling to obtain an approximant , and then computing the measure of ( which can be done in a finite amount of time , as is simply a finite union of intervals ) .
A key fact ( which , not coincidentally , is crucial in the standard construction of Lebesgue measure ) is that these approximations to the Lebesgue measure of are compatible with each other in the following sense : if one calls one measurability oracle for at accuracy to get one estimate for the Lebesgue measure of , and if one then calls another ( possibly different ) measurability oracle for the same set at another accuracy to get another estimate for , then these two estimates can only differ by at most ; in particular , sending , one obtains a Cauchy sequence and ( after a countable number of operations ) one can then compute the Lebesgue measure of to infinite precision .
This key fact boils down ( after some standard manipulations ) to the fact that an interval such as has outer measure at least ; in our oracle based model , this means that if one is given an interval oracle that generates open intervals for each natural number , in such a way that the total length of these intervals is less than , then one can find a point in which is not covered by any of the .
This can be done using a countable amount of computational power ( basically , the ability to run a single infinite loop ; this is roughly equivalent to the theory in reverse mathematics ) .
The point is that for each finite , the set is a computable non-empty finite union of closed intervals in , which decreases in .
The infimum can be computed infinite time for each , and increases in ; the limit is then an element in that lies in but is outside all of the .
Thus , given a countable amount of computational power , one can consistently define Lebesgue measure of a measurable set , and verify its basic properties .
It is instructive to apply the above discussion to the non-measurable membership oracle given in previous sections ( trivially modified to lie in rather than in ) .
If one is given a purported measurability oracle for this oracle , one can eventually show that this oracle does not actually certify the measurability of as claimed , but this requires a countably infinite amount of computation to establish .
( Basically , there are two cases , based on whether asserts that has positive Lebesgue measure or not ( which can be decided after a countable amount of computation ) .
If it has positive measure , then by invoking with less than half this measure , one can soon find an interval in which has density greater than ( or more precisely , the complement of in has outer measure strictly less than ) and then one can run a variant of the above Bolzano - Weierstrass argument to find two points in and in which differ by a rational , contradicting the construction of .
If instead asserts that has zero measure , then can cover by intervals of arbitrarily small total measure , and then can do the same for the union of all the rational shifts of , and one can then find an element such that no rational shift of lies in . )
On the other hand , if one is only allowed to query and finitely many times , then one can show that one can adaptively build and in response in these queries in such a way that one never obtains a contradiction , while retaining the properties that the shifts of by the rationals partition .
So a pathological liar can build a non-measurable set but claim that it is measurable ; the deception can sustain any finite number of queries about the set and its measurability , but given a countable amount of queries one can eventually demonstrate that there is an inconsistency ( at least for non-measurable sets coming from the coset partition of by the rationals ) .
Remark 5
Interestingly , the type of adaptive oracles one uses to create non-measurable sets are not compatible with random number generation .
If one has access to a source of random real numbers ( say in ) , then in principle one can ( almost surely ) compute the Lebesgue measure in countable time of any subset of accessed through a random oracle by the Monte Carlo method : randomly sampling points in , counting the proportion that lie in , and then sending .
However this only works properly if the oracle does not adapt to the various random inputs it is given , and is instead independent of these inputs .
( For instance , if one were to use Monte Carlo methods to measure the non-measurable set described above , one would almost surely get that has measure , as each random number is almost certain to lie in a different coset of !. )
— 4 . The Banach - Tarski paradox —
We now turn to the Banach - Tarski paradox .
The usual formulation of this paradox involves a partition of the unit ball into pieces that can be rearranged ( after rotations and translation ) to form two copies of the ball .
To avoid some minor technicalities , we will work instead on the unit sphere with an explicit countable set removed , and establish the following version of the paradox :
Proposition 1 ( Banach - Tarski paradox , reduced version )
There exists a countable subset of and partition of into four disjoint pieces , such that and can be rotated to cover , and and can also be rotated to cover .
Of course , from the rotation - invariant nature of Lebesgue measure on the sphere , such a partition can only occur if at least one of are not Lebesgue measurable .
We return briefly to set theory and give the standard proof of this proposition .
The first step is to locate two rotations in the orthogonal group which generate the free group .
This can be done explicitly ; for instance one can take
( See for instance this post from the Secret Blogging Seminar for more discussion of this example . )
Each rotation in has two fixed antipodal points in ; we let be the union of all these points .
Then the group acts freely on the remainder .
Using the axiom of choice , we can then build a ( non-measurable ) subset of which consists of a single point from each orbit of .
For each , we then define to be the set of all points of the form , where and is a word such that
is the identity , or begins with ( if ) ;
is the identity , or begins with ( if ) ; begins with ( if ) ;
begins with ( if ) ; begins with ( if ) ;
begins with ( if ) ; begins with ( if ) .
It is then clear that partition , while and both cover , as claimed .
Now let us interpret this example using oracles .
The free group is countably enumerable , and so with a countable amount of time and memory , one can construct and store without difficulty .
A membership oracle for can then be constructed by an adaptive oracle much as in the previous sections ; returns yes if is the first point in its orbit that is queried , and returns no otherwise .
The oracles can then be defined by querying for all the points in ‘s orbit in some arbitrary order until one finds the point which lies in , and then deciding membership in depending on the first symbol of .
( For instance , if ‘s orbit has not been queried before , the first point in the orbit that one queries for will lie in ; thus one sees that the order in which one decides to search through the orbit will in fact influence quite strongly what and the will look like . )
It is then not hard to show that do indeed partition in the sense that for each , exactly one of will return “ yes ” .
Also , for any , at least one of will return “ yes ” , and at least one of will return “ yes ” .
Thus , after performing an uncountable number of queries to fully complete all of these sets , we obtain sets obeying the properties in Proposition 1 ; but the oracles that do this are perfectly deterministic , and run in only a countable amount of time , at least for the first few queries ( and one can probably even trim it down to a finite amount of time , if one has an efficient way of deciding whether two points lie in the same orbit of ) .
Now we discuss how a Banach - Tarski type construction does not work in one or two dimensions .
Let us just consider the one - dimensional case :
Proposition 2
There does not exist a decomposition of the unit interval into finitely many sets such that some translates of these sets cover .
We briefly review the proof of this proposition .
Suppose for contradiction that we have such a decomposition .
We can colour the lattice in colours , by giving each - tuple the colour if .
This is clearly a - colouring of .
Furthermore , for every - tuple , we see that at has colour for at least two values of , where is the standard basis for .
If one then uses double - counting to get two different estimates for the number of coloured points in a box for a large enough , one obtains a contradiction .
Note that this proof is quite finitary ; given some real numbers and some membership oracles , one could convert the above argument into an algorithm that would be able to demonstrate in finite time that either the oracles fail to partition , or that the translates fail to cover ; we leave this as an exercise to the reader .
( The key distinction here between the low and high dimensional cases is that the free group is not amenable , whereas is amenable .
See these previous blog posts for further discussion . )
— 5 . Summary —
The above discussion suggests that it is possible to retain much of the essential mathematical content of set theory without the need for explicitly dealing with large sets ( such as uncountable sets ) , but there is a significant price to pay in doing so , namely that one has to deal with sets on a “ virtual ” or “ incomplete ” basis , rather than with the “ completed infinities ” that one is accustomed to in the standard modern framework of mathematics .
Conceptually , this marks quite a different approach to mathematical objects , and assertions about such objects ; such assertions are not simply true or false , but instead require a certain computational cost to be paid before their truth can be ascertained .
This approach makes the mathematical reasoning process look rather strange compared to how it is usually presented , but I believe it is still a worthwhile exercise to try to translate mathematical arguments into this computational framework , as it illustrates how some parts of mathematics are in some sense “ more infinitary ” than others , in that they require a more infinite amount of computational power in order to model in this fashion .
It also illustrates why we adopt the conveniences of infinite set theory in the first place ; while it is technically possible to do mathematics without infinite sets , it can be significantly more tedious and painful to do so .
Update , Mar 21 : Several edits and additions , including a summary .
( CNN ) -- A Lebanese man charged with sorcery and sentenced to death in Saudi Arabia is scheduled to be beheaded on Friday , the man 's lawyer said Wednesday .
May El Khansa , the attorney for Ali Hussain Sibat , told CNN that she and Sibat 's family were informed about the upcoming execution .
She said she heard from a source in Saudi Arabia with knowledge of the case and the proceedings that Saudi authorities " will carry out the execution . "
The Saudi Ministry of Justice could not immediately be reached for comment on the matter .
El Khansa said she has appealed to Lebanon 's prime minister , Saad Hariri , and president , Michel Suleiman , to stop the execution .
Amnesty International , the human rights group , has called on Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah to block it as well .
TV presenter gets death sentence for ' sorcery '
Sibat is the former host of a popular call - in show that aired on Beirut - based satellite TV channel " Sheherazade . "
According to his lawyer , Sibat would predict the future on his show and give out advice to his audience .
El Khansa told CNN her client was arrested by Saudi Arabia 's religious police ( known as the Mutawa 'een ) and charged with sorcery while visiting the country in May 2008 .
Sibat was in Saudi Arabia to perform the Islamic religious pilgrimage known as Umra .
Sibat was then put on trial , and in November 2009 , a court in the Saudi city of Medina found him guilty and sentenced him to death .
According to El Khansa , Sibat appealed the verdict .
The case was taken up by the Court of Appeal in the Saudi city of Mecca on the grounds that the initial verdict was " premature . "
El Khansa tells CNN that the Mecca appeals court then sent the case back to the original court for reconsideration , stipulating that all charges made against Sibat needed to be verified and that he should be given a chance to repent .
On March 10 , judges in Medina upheld their initial verdict , meaning Sibat is once again sentenced to be executed .
" The Medina court refused the sentence of the appeals court , " said El Khansa , adding her client will appeal the verdict once more .
" What are you going to do about it ? " New Mexico assistant coach Wyking Jones asked Tavernari several times as they walked in the same direction as Alford , with players shaking hands between them .
" I 'm going to tell you real clear ... You 're an [ expletive ] , " Alford then yelled at Tavernari .
Alford said he was trying to congratulate Tavernari , a senior , on an outstanding career at BYU , but that the player " did n't want to hear that at the time . "
" I 'm wired as a competitor sometimes to a fault , and Jonathan 's a fierce competitor , and it 's senior night , " Alford said Monday on " ESPN First Take . "
" I understand that , I 've been there , I 've experienced that both as a player and as a coach . "
Tavernari , a reserve forward , had eight points and six rebounds in 27 minutes in the loss for BYU ( 26 - 4 , 11 -3 ) .
" We got to speak afterwards , " Alford said on " First Take . "
" And so I think it was just the heat of the moment between two pretty good competitors .
But nobody has any more respect for him as a player than I do . "
Minutes after the confrontation , Tavernari was escorted by BYU athletic director Tom Holmoe to wait outside New Mexico 's locker room while the Lobos celebrated .
He apologized to Alford , and according to the Albuquerque Journal , Alford replied : " You 're still one of my favorites . "
" If I could , I 'd apologize to the whole team , " Tavernari said .
" You do n't have to , " Alford replied .
" You just shocked me .
You 're one of my favorites . "
" I just lost my cool , " Tavernari said .
With 52 seconds to play and the game tied at 80 , tempers flared between Tavernari and New Mexico 's Darington Hobson after the two players bumped at midcourt .
As he was calling a timeout , Hobson extended an elbow toward Tavernari .
During the timeout , Tavernari remained visibly upset .
Officials reviewed the sequence on video but no fouls were called against either side .
The coaches were summoned by officials to midcourt for a quick meeting .
Coming out of the break , Hobson offered a handshake to Tavernari but the BYU player ignored it .
Alford said he had reviewed video of the game and did n't feel there was anything that warranted a reprimand by the Mountain West against himself , Hobson or New Mexico 's assistants , who also jawed with Tavernari in the handshake line .
" And I definitely do n't think there 's anything warranted along Jonathan 's way , " Alford said .
" I think it was just two really good teams and , like I said before , it 's unfortunate that somebody has to lose in a game like that . "
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
President Trump Wins 1st Debate In Splenetic , Self - Indulgent Fashion By Kelly OConnell Trump Wins on Points
Any fair - minded person at the Trump - Biden 1st Debate walked away with several strong impressions .
First , Trump won on depth of his answers , despite his constant interrupting .
Second , Joe gained the “ Overachiever ’s Award ” by failing to collapse , babble blindly , or ask “ Where ’s my teleprompter , Man ? ! ! ”
Unfortunately , just participating is n’t enough .
Fox News Now A Major Stumping Ground for the Democrat Party in Election 2020 ?
By Judi McLeod Completely lost in the brazen ballyhoo of last night ’s Fox News First Presidential Debate is that moderator Chris Wallace forgot to leave his status as a Registered Democrat at the door .
Many who watched would say that he forgot to leave his ego there too .
The Debate : Two Against One for Trump - Lying and Denying for Biden By Rev. Michael Bresciani
Twice the former Vice President called the President a clown and a fool , in the early stages of the debate , this was a clue to the approach Biden had decided on .
Following that , Joe spent a good deal of time blaming the President for the entire coronavirus pandemic .
China got off easy , but Joe Biden may not fare so well in the light of the following admonition of scripture .
Patriotism is dropping like a rock on one side of the aisle By John Eidson A special event occurred on April 10 at the Alhambra Dinner Theater in Jacksonville , Florida .
Performed by African American orator and combat veteran Evangelo “ Vann ” Morris , the Old Glory Presentation is a time - honored tradition that symbolizes the love service members have for the nation they protect and defend .
Imagine for a moment that Old Glory has a personality .
Here is its message , here is its song :
The Subversacrats By Mark Gray
In this 1980s presentation , former Soviet journalist Yuri Bezmenov describes the Soviet Union ’s comprehensive long - term subversion strategies which , by surprising coincidence , look oddly like our world today .
( Below )
Forget Science – subscribe to Nihilism instead – NOT REALLY !
By Dr. Klaus L.E. Kaiser
As it appears , simply destroying statues of explorers , statesmen , or other notables from centuries past no longer satisfies the current lust for mayhem of the “ forward - looking progressive minds . ”
What happened this year in Virginia should scare every conservative into voting November 3 By Guest Column -- Scot Faulkner Anyone still doubting what will happen if the Democrats take the White House and the Senate this November needs to look at what happened this year in Virginia .
Joe Biden : Make America Fail Again By Nadra Enzi
In last night ’s presidential debate , Joe Biden repeatedly called the President of the United States a “ clown ” and exhibited more of the undiplomatic , un - presidental snark which earned my contempt since the combative confirmation hearing of now Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas .
The Fox News STAGED Presidential ‘ Debate ’ By Judi McLeod Just as denied reality defiantly claims that Donald Trump ever won Election 2016 ; just as Obama and Biden are still — in their own minds — president and vice president , President Trump will not be allowed to win the Fox News staged 1st presidential ‘ debate ’ tonight .
Nothing Wrong with the System — Only with Us By Dr. Sam Clovis
I am often asked about what has gone wrong with our system of government .
I answer that nothing is wrong with the system — there is something wrong with us .
‘ Invisible ” Chris Wallace To Moderate First Presidential Debate By Judi McLeod Chris Wallace says he will try to be as “ invisible as possible ” at Tuesday night ’s first presidential debate .
It was n’t Wallace ’s invisibility folk were hoping for , but his silence .
Under an all - but - full moon on the opening evening of the Second Vatican Council in 1962 , tens of thousands of Romans poured into St Peter 's Square in a torchlight procession .
Called to the window of his study by the multitude , John XXIII , the man Italians called " the good pope " ( a term that speaks volumes about their view of the previous 260 ) , delivered one of the great speeches of an eloquent decade .
Its emotional high point came when he told the crowd : " Returning home , you 'll find the children .
Give your children a caress and say : ' This is the caress of the pope . ' "
Forty - three years later , on the night Benedict XVI was elected , a text message hurtled between mobiles as the crowds dispersed from that same square .
" Returning home , you 'll find the children " , it read .
" Give them a belt round the ear and say : ' That 's a belt round the ear from the pope . ' "
In the five years since , it has become clear that the daunting reputation the former Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger brought into office as " God 's rottweiler " was , in many respects , misleading .
A man less likely to cuff a child would be hard to imagine – although , as the latest and biggest scandal to rock his papacy has revealed , his choirmaster brother was not above cuffing choristers .
On Saturday , Benedict tried to put the lid on that scandal with a letter to the Catholics of Ireland apologising for the " sinful and criminal " abuses of children whose disclosure has rocked the Irish church to its foundations and helped bring down a Dublin government .
Using language rarely heard from popes , whose utterances on some issues are held by Catholics to be infallible , he said he was " truly sorry " for what had happened over a period of decades .
But , as at other crucial junctures in his papacy , Benedict 's gesture left many critics – and admirers – feeling that he could have achieved more by being bolder .
As the scandal over clerical paedophilia spread through Europe , more than one senior Vatican official suggested it would be diplomatic for the pope to extend his letter to include countries other than Ireland .
Words such as " diplomatic " and phrases such as " media impact " , though , have little relevance for Benedict .
He stuck to his original plan , with the result that Catholics in the Netherlands , Germany , Austria , Switzerland and Italy feel he does not care about similar outrages that have come to light in their own churches .
Emotions in Germany are running particularly high about the silence of the first German pope for almost 1,000 years .
The affair highlights two characteristics of this most paradoxical of pontiffs : his timidity and his stubbornness .
Benedict has a soft , plump handshake , and a tendency to cast his eyes downwards as you speak to him – a shyness that , associates say , goes hand in hand with genuine humility .
He is also a man of temperate habits ; though not teetotal , his favourite drink is said to be fresh orange juice .
Other than theology and philosophy , the pope 's main known enthusiasms are for classical music ( he is an accomplished pianist , with a special love of Mozart and Bach ) and cats – and they also seem to have a fondness for him .
Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , his secretary of state , has recounted how , when Ratzinger was a senior Vatican official , " Every time he met a cat , he would talk to it , sometimes for a long time .
The cat would follow him . "
On one occasion , Bertone said , Ratzinger had led an entourage of " about 10 " cats into the Vatican and a Swiss Guard had protested that they were " invading the Holy See " .
" In private , he is more informal than you might expect , " says Marcello Pera , an Italian senator who collaborated with Benedict on a book published in 2004 .
" He loves to talk and cast off his [ official ] role .
If you speak to Benedict , you soon cease to remember that you 're speaking to a pope . "
However , a rueful subordinate describes him as " bloodless " – and , certainly , his fame as the late John Paul II 's " enforcer " was not unearned .
Formidable self - belief
For 24 years before becoming pope , Benedict was head of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith ( CDF ) , the Vatican department ( once known as the Inquisition ) whose main task is to maintain doctrinal orthodoxy by ensuring that theologians licensed to teach in Catholic institutions keep within bounds set in Rome .
Among the most famous cases he dealt with was that of the American theologian Charles Curran , who was suspected of straying from the Vatican 's line on birth control .
In his biography of Benedict , John Allen recounts a chilling episode .
On 8 March 1986 , Curran held a meeting with the then Joseph Ratzinger and others in the CDF 's offices in Piazza del Sant ' Uffizio , next to St Peter 's .
Curran was arguing that his approach fell within the mainstream of contemporary theological thinking when " Ratzinger asked Curran to name others who held his views .
Curran did so – pointedly , they were all German – and Ratzinger then asked if Curran would like to accuse these thinkers , because if so , the Congregation would be happy to open an investigation . "
This hardline story begins to explain the apparent contradiction of the current papacy – that a man as mild as Benedict should have upset more people than perhaps any pope in history .
His earliest and most notorious gaffe ( if that is what it was ) came in 2006 .
In a scholarly lecture at his old university at Regensburg , he quoted the words of the 14th - century Byzantine emperor Manuel II that all Muhammad had brought were " things only evil and inhuman " .
And that was just the start of his controversial musings .
He then dismayed Protestants by signing off on a document that relegated their churches to mere " ecclesial communities " ; outraged indigenous representatives in Latin America by insisting that evangelisation in the New World did not represent " the imposition of a foreign culture " ; and angered Jews by setting the controversial wartime pope , Pius XII , on the road to beatification .
Last year , he appalled many Catholics – and not just on the progressive wing of his church – by agreeing to lift the excommunication of four breakaway , ultra - traditionalist bishops , one of whom turned out to be a Holocaust denier .
" I 'm like the cellist Rostropovich , " Benedict is said to have told a friend .
" I never read the critics . "
Even by papal standards , his self - belief is formidable .
" He 's shy – almost timid , I would say – but when he has to take a stand , he does it .
When he thinks it 's his duty , he can't be moved from saying what he feels , " says Rocco Buttiglione .
An Italian philosopher and politician who first met Benedict almost 40 years ago , Buttiglione knows all about the implications of voicing unpopular opinions : his own views on homosexuality cost him a place on the European Commission .
And it is precisely Benedict 's bluntness – especially with regard to Islam – that endears him to admirers such as Buttiglione .
" There is so much ecumenism that is simply the exchange of meaningless words .
Sooner or later we must get to grips with the real issues over Islam , " he says .
However painfully , argues Buttiglione , Benedict 's Regensburg lecture helped to do just that .
" It provoked a real dialogue . "
Several initiatives have since been launched from the Muslim side , and two years ago , representatives of 138 scholars who signed a response – the Common Word declaration – met the pope at the Vatican .
Once regarded as a liberal
As the latest crisis has shown , though , Benedict 's candour does not go hand - in - hand with a propensity for swift , decisive action .
He might , for example , have won back a lot of ground for himself and the Vatican in Ireland by removing the Irish primate , Cardinal Sean Brady , after he admitted being involved in a shameful cover - up in the 1970s .
Yet Brady remains in his job .
The pope – who is to visit Britain later this year – may be fearless in some respects , but his personal history is one of growing fearfulness in others .
Unlikely as it may seem , Benedict was once regarded as a liberal , even a radical .
As theological adviser to Cardinal Joseph Frings , the archbishop of Cologne and one of the decisive figures at the Second Vatican Council , a younger Joseph Ratzinger played a key role in awakening his church from centuries of reactionary slumber .
Like many other young Catholic theologians of the time , he embraced the council 's support for ecumenism , its enthusiasm for dialogue with other religions , its adoption of a liturgy in which worshippers could participate more actively , and its endorsement of greater internal democracy ( in the form of increased autonomy for national Bishops ' conferences ) .
In 1966 , he wrote a book that was translated into English as Theological Highlights of Vatican II .
" That book is absolutely brilliant , " says a leading British liberal Catholic who , such is the atmosphere in today 's Catholic church , asked not to be identified .
" I 've never seen the spirit of the council better exemplified .
It 's very moving .
You feel that this is a man on fire . "
Intriguingly , Buttiglione uses precisely the same metaphor when describing his first encounter with Benedict , six years later : " He had an inner fire and great knowledge as well as a great capacity for listening . "
By 1972 , however , the flames kindling Ratzinger 's intellect were different ones .
In between , Europe had been shaken to the core by an eruption of student protest that began on the streets of Paris and raced across the continent , soon reaching the tranquil university town of Tübingen .
Its revolutionary implications profoundly alarmed the then 41 - year - old Ratzinger , the university 's professor of dogmatic theology , and the following year he fled Tübingen for Regensburg , in his ( more traditionalist ) native region of Bavaria .
Buttiglione visited him there as part of a delegation from an emerging Catholic lay movement , Communion and Liberation , whose young members aimed to offer an alternative to the maverick student Marxism of the " 68ers " .
Now , Ratzinger was one of their idols – having embarked on a process of intellectual change that would see him question many of the most important decisions reached by the Second Vatican Council .
Ratzinger and his supporters insist he has remained theologically consistent , but the Catholic author and academic John Cornwell disagrees .
" He has not been a great champion of respect for other religions .
He has not been a champion of giving a greater say to bishops , and nor has he supported the liturgy of participation – his own enthusiasm being for the Tridentine [ pre- conciliar ] Mass , " which is normally said in Latin .
The man who once wrote so movingly about the council 's embrace of the 20th century has become the pope who , as Cornwell notes , " gave a bishopric to an Austrian priest who preached that hurricane Katrina was a retribution for the sinfulness of New Orleans " .
But Benedict 's supporters ( and even some of his detractors ) argue that to see him purely as a conservative is to do him an injustice .
" It would be interesting to know how he is viewed in a hundred years ' time , " muses a professional Vatican - watcher who also requested anonymity .
" It will be either as a reactionary or a prophet .
Benedict may be behind or ahead of his time , because one thing is certain – he certainly is n't of his time . "
Difficult to pigeonhole
Mistrust of the zeitgeist is one of Benedict 's outstanding intellectual characteristics , possibly a consequence of his having been born into a society that inflicted untold suffering on the world because it fell into unthinking conformity .
Among his favourite passages from the scriptures is Romans 12:2 : " Do not conform any longer to the pattern of this world , but be transformed by the renewing of your mind . "
Like John Paul II , his position on several issues is more left than right .
He condemned the invasion of Iraq .
He deplores the death penalty as well as abortion .
And the anti-free market stance of his most recent encyclical , on social and economic questions , came as an unwelcome revelation to his neocon admirers in the US .
" This is not a conservative pope , " insists Pera .
" This is a pope who accepts the language of liberalism , in the original sense of the word , and wants to engage with all those who use that language .
This is a pope who quotes Kant – a rationalist and Protestant , one of whose books was on the Index [ of works banned by the Vatican ] . "
Pera himself illustrates why Benedict is difficult to pigeonhole .
The few cardinals who have published books with lay writers have chosen unimpeachably orthodox Catholic journalists or academics .
Yet Ratzinger teamed up with a former socialist who belongs to the party of Italy 's divorced and secular prime minister , Silvio Berlusconi ; a man who , when asked if he is an atheist , replies , " I ca n't say I 'm a believer . "
What brought him together with the future pope was a shared belief in one of the key ideas in Benedict 's intellectual make - up : that many of the most treasured ( and progressive ) " western " values are inextricably bound up with Christianity and threatened by its decline .
As Buttiglione puts it : " We are losing the values of the Enlightenment because we are abandoning Christianity and the idea of God . "
( Often the corollary of this view , which is widespread on the Italian right and centre - right , is that the biggest threat to western ideas comes from the advance of Islam . )
The idea that today 's Catholic church – hostile to abortion and contraception , antipathetic to homosexuality and dismissive of the idea of women priests – might be a bastion of enlightened values is one many Britons will find hard to accept .
But then it is difficult to think of a society that provides Benedict with a greater challenge to his ideas than multicultural Britain , with its anti-discriminatory ethos and increasingly vociferous atheist minority .
The growing popularity of writers such as Richard Dawkins , Christopher Hitchens and AC Grayling , who argue that religion is not just irrelevant but pernicious , is a key difference between the Britain that Benedict will find when he visits and the altogether more respectful one John Paul II experienced 28 years ago .
The chances of yet another controversy during his visit are high , not least because – unlike his predecessor – Benedict writes all his keynote addresses himself .
" You could get another Regensburg , " warned the liberal Catholic who preferred not to be identified .
" It is entirely possible . "
Truffle Hunting
Pin 176 184 Shares
It ’s not all fun and frolic — and chocolate — around here .
Aside from dealing with banks that limit access to your own money , or scratching your head when the France Telecom representative tells you that it ’s going to cost you a mere € 465 to keep your mobile number if you change to another one of their other phone plans ( although it was a stretch to even get there ; his first response was , “ Yes .
It is not possible ” ) , believe it or not , there are some less - than - pastoral things about life here .
One of them is not Tuber melanosporum , or black truffles , which as far as I ’m concerned more than makes up for anything else .
( Well , I would like a new phone … )
Sure , various black truffles are found in Spain , Italy , China , Croatia , and even in the United States of America .
But none that I ’ve smelled compare to the famed black truffles unearthed from woods and forests of southwest France .
Rien du tout .
When I worked in the restaurant business , we ’d often get knobbly black truffles sent to us , which were shaved over simple dishes like pasta , potatoes , and risottos ; anything more complicated competes with their funky , pungent , but highly - prized aroma .
People go ga - ga over truffles , but I never caught the truffle bug , which was excellent news for my wallet .
On my recent trip to Cahors , we went for a walk in the forest with a truffle hunter — and his boisterous pig , in search of black truffles .
And it was there I learned how they work together to find these elusive tubers .
It was a very chilly winter day , so cold that even the leaves on the spindly oak trees were shivering .
But that ’s truffle season ; January and February .
And if you want to find truffles , they ’re not going to land in your lap while sitting at home by the fireplace .
One needs to roam through the forests , where the trees have been stripped nearly bare by the icy winds .
And even though seasoned truffle hunters do n’t require much protection , un certain Parisien was bundled up quite well for the search .
Because black truffles grow a few inches underground , unlike us , they ’re impervious to frost .
But that also makes them hard to detect .
So truffle hunters use either dogs or pigs to find the elusive spores .
In the past , pigs were used almost exclusively to rout out the truffles .
But in spite of how cute and picturesque the furry fellows are , for the most part , dogs have taken the place of the porkers .
When a single truffle can set you back well over a few hundred bucks , even the most die - hard animal lover will agree that as much as we love our pets , very few people love them that much .
As in , enough to sacrifice a few truffles for .
While adorable , pigs have a habit of eating the truffle once they unearth it .
Hence the stick , which I did n’t see being used .
And this particular hunter carried a running monologue with the pig as it scampered around , obviously thrilled to have a captive audience to his ramblings .
The only mistreatment of the animal I saw was that he likely would n’t get a cut of the take once the truffles were sold .
Still , in spite of the cold , I can think of a lot worse things than roaming around the forest , sniffing truffles .
There was an obvious bond between the two , and the truffle hunter immediately sensed the moment the pig had found something because as soon as the pig buried its gueule in the rocky earth , he ’d wait just a nanosecond before quickly swooping down and plucking the truffle from the hole before the pig could swallow it .
The motion was so fast , that if you blinked , you ’d have missed it .
But lest you think the pig was being cheated in any way , as soon as the truffle hunter pulled the truffle a safe distance from the twitching snout , the pig made a mad grab for the basket , where an assortment of potatoes and apples were doled out as rewards .
I doubt the pig was thinking how undervalued its labor was , and it seemed to be quite content .
And once happily fed , le cochon scampered away , in search of the next truffle .
Unfortunately for me , the more truffles I sniffed , the more I became intoxicated by their musky scent , and started craving them myself .
And while I was n’t ready to scamper around the forest with my snout in the dirt on the end of a rope ( those days are long behind me ) , after foraging , we were ready to hop over to the market in Lalbenque , to the world - famous Marché aux truffes , which began promptly at 2 pm .
And that was where the buying and selling , and intense haggling , was about to begin … ( continued )
Related Links
The Truffle Market in Lalbenque ( Part 2 )
The Black Truffle Extravaganza ( Part 3 )
Cahors ( Part 4 )
Led By the Nose ( Sydney Morning Herald )
Truffle Hunting Expeditions in Périgord
Grow Your Own Truffles ( Woodlands )
For Hire : Truffle Hunter ( Smithsonian )
Black Truffles of Périgord ( in French )
North American Truffling Society
Pin 176 184 Shares
I ’ve written before about “ structural ” foundations for mathematics , which can also be thought of as “ typed ” foundations , in the sense that every object comes with a type , and typing restrictions prevent us from even asking certain nonsensical questions .
For instance , whether the cyclic group of order 17 is equal to the square root of 2 is such a nonsensical question , since the first is a group while the second is a real number , and only things of the same type can be compared for equality .
The structural axiom systems we ’ve talked about , such as ETCS and SEAR , are presented as first - order theories whose objects of study are things with names such as “ sets , ” “ functions , ” and “ relations . ”
Although such presentations look a bit different ( and hopefully less syntactically imposing ) than what is usually called type theory , it ’s not too hard to write down more traditional - looking “ type theories ” that capture essentially the same models as ETCS and SEAR .
However , these theories are missing an important aspect that is present in many type theories , namely dependent types .
If your introduction to type theory has been through topos theory and categorical logic , as mine was , it may take some time to really appreciate dependent types .
At least , it ’s taken me until now .
The Elephant spends all of one section of one chapter ( D4.4 ) on dependent type theory as the internal logic of locally cartesian closed categories , closing with the remark that the generalization from topoi to such categories “ … has been won at the cost of a very considerable increase in the complexity of the calculus itself , and so we shall not pursue it further . ”
However , while dependent types are not necessary in any theory containing powersets ( which , I think , includes all the foundational theories of interest to most mathematicians ) , I ’m coming to believe that they are really a very convenient , natural , and ubiquitous notion .
Dependent types are really everywhere in mathematics .
Wherever we speak about “ a family of sets ” indexed by some other set , that ’s a dependent type .
For instance , let C C be a small category and consider the notion of a C C - diagram in Set Set , i.e. a functor F : C → Set F\colon C\to Set .
This consists of a family of sets F 0 ( c ) F_0 ( c ) for each c ∈ ob ( C ) c\in ob ( C ) , together with a family of functions F 1 ( f ) : F 0 ( c ) → F 0 ( c ′ ) F_1 ( f ) \colon F_0 ( c ) \to F_0 ( c ' ) for each f : c → c ′ f\colon c\to c' in C C , satisfying functoriality axioms .
In other words , F 0 F_0 is a dependent type which depends on specifying an element of the set ob ( C ) ob ( C ) .
Dependent types are also everywhere in natural language .
One standard example is that for any month m m , there is a type ( or set ) D ( m ) D( m ) of the days in that month .
Since different months have different numbers of days , the cardinality of D ( m ) D(m ) is different for different m m .
Of course , because of leap years , D D actually depends not only on m m but also on a year y y .
David gave a couple of nice examples here of the need for dependent types in expressing quantifiers in everyday language .
In a material set theory such as ZFC , where everything is a set , including the elements of other sets , we can talk about “ sets of sets ” instead of “ families of sets . ”
This is n’t quite a dependent type , though , since ( in the functor example ) we need each set F 0 ( c ) F_0 ( c ) to be associated to the element c c of the previously given set ob ( C ) ob ( C ) .
But we can instead consider F 0 F_0 to be the set of ordered pairs ( c , F 0 ( c ) ) ( c, F_0 ( c ) ) , which again is possible since the components of an ordered pair can themselves be sets .
Another way of saying this is that F 0 F_0 is a “ function ” from ob ( C ) ob ( C ) to the proper class of all sets .
In a structural set theory such as ETCS or SEAR , dependent types have to be expressed differently , since the elements of sets and ordered pair are not themselves sets .
The standard trick is to model F 0 F_0 by a single set which is intuitively the disjoint union ∐ c ∈ ob ( C ) F 0 ( c ) \ coprod_{c\in ob ( C ) } F_0 ( c ) , equipped with the obvious function F 0 → ob ( C ) F_0 \ to ob ( C ) .
The particular sets F 0 ( c ) F_0 ( c ) can then be recovered ( up to isomorphism , of course ) as the fibers of this projection .
However , there ’s something a bit unsatisfying about this ; should n’t the notion of a family of sets exist prior to the assertion that any such family has a coproduct ?
The alternative adopted by DTT is to simply take “ dependent types ” as one of the basic notions of our theory .
( For now , consider “ type ” to be a synonym for “ set ” . )
Thus , for every type A A we have a basic notion of “ A A - indexed family of sets / types . ”
If B B is a type depending on A A , then for each a ∈ A a\in A we have a type B ( a ) B ( a ) .
Of course , we can also have further types dependent on B ( a ) B ( a ) , and so on .
We can then assert , as an axiom ( or “ type constructor ” ) , the possibility of taking the coproduct of any dependent type — this is usually called a dependent sum and written Σ a ∈ A B ( a ) \ Sigma_{a\in A} B ( a ) .
An element of Σ a ∈ A B ( a ) \ Sigma_{a\in A} B ( a ) consists of an element a ∈ A a\in A together with an element b ∈ B ( a ) b\in B ( a ) .
Adding dependent types does n’t make the theory any more expressive than ETCS or SEAR , since as long as we have dependent sums , we can always interpret a dependent type B ( a ) B ( a ) by Σ a ∈ A B ( a ) \ Sigma_{a\in A} B ( a ) equipped with its projection to A A .
So if your overriding goal is parsimony of notions , then you ’d reject dependent types as unnecessary .
But the point I ’m making is that in mathematics and in everyday language , dependent types are what we really talk about , and their encoding in ZFC or ETCS is just that — an encoding .
And once you start looking at them in their own right , the theory of dependent types is really quite beautiful , and has other important applications ; let me try to give you a feel for a few .
First of all , there is the dual notion of a dependent sum , called a dependent product Π a ∈ A B ( a ) \ Pi_{a\in A} B ( a ) .
An element of Π a ∈ A B ( a ) \ Pi_{a\in A} B ( a ) consists of a function which assigns to each a ∈ A a\in A an element of B ( a ) B ( a ) .
This is exactly the sort of thing that the axiom of choice says will always exist whenever each B ( a ) B ( a ) is nonempty .
Dependent sums and products are dual because when a type dependent on A A is interpeted as a projection to A A , i.e. an object of the slice category Set / A Set / A ( or with some more exotic category replacing Set Set ) , then they are represented by left and right adjoints , respectively , to the pullback functor A * : Set → Set / A A^* \colon Set \to Set /A .
Dependent products include , as a particular case , function spaces , since if B B is a type not dependent on A A ( i.e. B ( a ) B ( a ) is independent of a ∈ A a\in A ) , an element of Π a ∈ A B \ Pi_{a\in A} B is just a function A → B A\to B .
Similarly , dependent sums include binary cartesian products , since if B B does n’t depend on A A , an element of Σ a ∈ A B \ Sigma_{a\in A} B is just a pair ( a , b ) ( a , b ) with a ∈ A a\in A and b ∈ B b\in B .
So dependent sums and products together encode all the structure of a locally cartesian closed category .
Dependent types can also be used to represent predicate logic .
Recall that we like to think of a truth value as a ( − 1 ) ( - 1 ) - category , or equivalently as a subsingleton set .
Operations on truth values , like “ and ” and “ or ” and “ implies , ” can then be represented by operations in the poset of subsingletons .
This is all well and good for propositional logic , but for predicate logic we need to talk about logical formulas with free variables , like ( x + y = y + x ) ( x+y = y+x ) for real numbers x x and y y .
But hey , if for each fixed x , y ∈ ℝ x , y\in \mathbb
{R} the formula ( x + y = y + x ) ( x+y = y+x ) is a truth value , i.e. a subsingleton , then the whole formula ( x + y = y + x ) ( x+y = y+x ) is a dependent type which depends on x , y ∈ ℝ x , y\in \mathbb{R} , each of whose individual types is a subsingleton .
Under this interpretation , called “ propositions as types , ” the operations on dependent types relate to quantifiers in predicate logic .
For instance , if φ ( a ) \ varphi(a ) is a proposition dependent on a ∈
A a\in A , then an element of the dependent product Π a ∈ A φ ( a ) \ Pi_{a\in A} \ varphi( a ) consists of a function assigning to each a ∈ A a\in A an element of φ ( a ) \ varphi( a ) , i.e. an assertion that φ ( a ) \ varphi(a ) is true .
In other words , Π a ∈ A φ ( a ) \ Pi_{a\in A} \ varphi(a ) is the subsingleton representing the universal quantifier ∀ a ∈ A . φ ( a ) \ forall a\in A.\ , \ varphi( a ) .
If we have a particular a 0 ∈ A a_0 \in A and an element f ∈ Π a ∈ A φ ( a ) f\in \ Pi_{a\in A} \ varphi( a ) , then the evaluation f ( a 0 ) f( a_0 ) shows us that φ ( a 0 ) \ varphi( a_0 ) is true .
It ’s no coincidence that we use the same word for “ applying a function ” and “ applying a theorem ” !
The propositions - as - types interpretation is very convenient if you ’re implementing a computer system for doing mathematics , since it means that you can essentially write one piece of code for dealing with dependent types , and hey - presto you ’ve also got code that works for predicate logic .
One could argue that this really recovers whatever parsimony was lost by introducing dependent types as a basic notion , since whatever the system you use , you ’ve got to have predicate logic somehow .
It also admits of vast and wonderful generalizations , for once we ’re interpreting propositions as types , who says the types always have to be subsingletons ?
We can instead interpret a proposition φ \varphi by “ the set of all proofs of φ \varphi ” or “ the set of all reasons why φ \varphi is true ” — a set which contains strictly more information than just whether φ \varphi is true .
You might have already noticed that dependent sums already take us out of the world of subsingletons : if φ ( a ) \ varphi(a ) is a proposition dependent on a a , then Σ a ∈ A φ ( a ) \ Sigma_{a\in A}\varphi(a ) is n’t just a subsingleton representing the proposition ∃ a ∈ A . φ ( a ) \exists a\in A. \ varphi( a ) ( which we might naively expect ) ; rather , its the set of all pairs ( a , t ) ( a , t ) where a ∈ A a\in A and t ∈ φ ( a ) t\in\varphi(a ) is an assertion / proof / reason why φ ( a ) \ varphi( a ) is true .
In other words , it ’s the set of witnesses to the assertion ∃ a ∈ A . φ ( a ) \exists a\in A. \ varphi( a ) , which is strictly more informative .
Another nice thing about dependent types is that they can be used to eliminate evil .
The problem with a naive interpretation of “ do no evil , ” i.e. “ never talk about two objects of a category being equal , ” is that even in order to compose morphisms f : a → b f\colon a\to b and g : c → d g\colon c\to d in a category , we need to know that b b and c c are the same object ; it ’s not enough to know that they ’re isomorphic .
But with dependent types , we can say that a category consists of a type Ob Ob of objects , together with a dependent type Hom ( x , y ) Hom( x , y ) , where x , y ∈ Ob x , y\in Ob , and composition operations Hom ( x , y ) ×
Hom ( y , z ) →
Hom ( x , z ) Hom( x , y ) \times Hom(y , z ) \to Hom ( x , z ) .
In other words , when we compose f f and g g , the assertion that the target of f f equals the source of g g is a typing assertion , not a statement about equality of two separately given objects .
I believe this really matches the way we talk about categories in ordinary mathematical language ; we always only consider a morphism in some category as a morphism in some particular hom - set .
Saying that f f is a morphism from a a to b b is n’t an assertion that s ( f ) = a s (f ) = a and t ( f ) = b t( f ) =b for some functions s , t : Arr →
Ob s, t : Arr\to
Ob , rather it ’s a typing assertion saying to what set f f belongs .
We can then eliminate evil by simply saying that the type Ob Ob has no equality predicate , while each type Hom ( x , y ) Hom( x , y ) does .
This also leads to what I call 2 - categorical logic , and , when taken to the limit , to ( ∞,1 ) - categorical logic which we ’ve been discussing a bit here .
Finally , one can even argue that dependent types may be the future of computer programming .
In general , proponents of strongly statically typed languages such as C++ , Java , ML , and Haskell claim that unlike in dynamically typed languages such as Perl , Python , and PHP , static typing means that more errors can be caught at compile - time .
And catching errors at compile - time is really what writing reliable code is all about — a “ bug ” is , by definition , an error in programming that escapes detection until run-time ( the user ’s run-time ) .
For instance , in a dynamically typed language , we might have a function multiply ̲ matrices ( A , B ) multiply \underline{ }matrices ( A , B ) defined in one place , and somewhere else we could call that function like multiply ̲ matrices ( " hello , world " , − 15 ) multiply \underline{ }matrices ( " hello , world " , - 15 ) ( maybe I was having an off - day when I wrote that ) .
The compiler would notice nothing wrong until we ran the program and the function multiply ̲ matrices multiply \underline{ }matrices complained about being given a string and an integer instead of a pair of matrices ( and in practice , you ’d be lucky if its error message were that explicit ) .
If the offending call to multiply ̲ matrices multiply \underline{ }matrices were embedded deep in some complicated logic in such a way that it only got invoked on the second Tuesday of August in a leap year , then every so often our users would notice an inexplicable crash that we might have a lot of trouble tracking down .
But in a statically typed language , the function would be declared as multiply ̲ matrices ( matrix A , matrix B ) multiply \underline{ }matrices ( matrix A , matrix B ) , so that when the compiler encountered the call multiply ̲ matrices ( " hello , world " , − 15 ) multiply \underline{ }matrices ( " hello , world " , - 15 ) , it would complain to us , the programmers , about a typing error .
We could then try to figure out what the heck we must have meant by multiply ̲ matrices ( " hello , world " , − 15 ) multiply \underline{ }matrices ( " hello , world " , - 15 ) , without causing any such headaches to our users .
None of that requires dependent types , but there ’s a closely related ( and , unfortunately , even more plausible ) error that ordinary static typing wo n’t save us from .
In order to multiply two matrices A A and B B , we need to know that the number of columns of A A equals the number of rows of B B .
Presumably the function multiply ̲ matrices multiply \underline{ }matrices will do some checking along these lines , but it can only do that at run-time , since the single type matrix matrix has to include matrices of all sizes .
So if it happens that buried somewhere in our complicated code we happened to call multiply ̲ matrices multiply \underline{ }matrices on a pair of matrices whose dimensions do n’t match ( a much easier mistake to make than calling it on a string and an integer ) , then on the second Tuesday of August in leap years our users will be presented with the error “ mismatch in matrix dimensions ” .
However , if we ’re programming in a dependently typed language , then you can have a type ( matrix n m ) ( matrix n m ) which depends on a pair of natural numbers n n and m m .
( This is different from parametric polymorphism , in which you have a type like ( List X ) ( List X ) which depends on another type X X ; here the type ( matrix n m ) ( matrix n m ) depends on two values n , m n , m of type Nat Nat . )
Then our multiplication function can be defined as multiply ̲ matrices ( ( matrix n m ) A , ( matrix m k ) B ) multiply \underline{ }matrices ( ( matrix n m ) A , ( matrix m k ) B ) , and when we call it elsewhere with a value A A of type ( matrix 2 4 ) ( matrix 2 4 ) and B B of type ( matrix 7 3 ) ( matrix 7 3 ) , the compiler will complain about a type mismatch , sparing our users from experiencing the same error at run-time .
GEOGHEGAN : Palm Beach Florida is home to Christian couple Tim and Joni Gooley .
He 's a pastor , she 's a school guidance counsellor .
They 're empty nesters in their mid-50's , looking to do some good in the world .
JONI GOOLEY : " We kept looking around our house saying we 're not Bill Gates or someone like that where we can contribute a large amount of money , but what we have is a home and we have bedrooms . "
TIM GOOLEY : " Right .
We 've been blessed with a lot and especially ... compared to the rest of the world . "
GEOGHEGAN : The Gooley 's have four adult sons , the youngest Taylor is home from college on holidays , but they 're not done with child rearing just yet .
They 're getting ready to welcome not one but three new children .
TIM GOOLEY : " It did go from one to two to three .
It was never one but in people 's eyes around , our friends , they went oh two are you kidding ?
Three are you nuts ?
And so it progressed . "
JONI GOOLEY : " But you certainly could n't imagine breaking the three kids up . "
TIM GOOLEY : " No . "
GEOGHEGAN : Behailu , Meskeren and Endale are siblings aged three , four and six and live in an orphanage in Ethiopia .
JONI GOOLEY : [ Looking at picture ]
" This is Meskeren .
Now look at her .
She looks like a little movie star . "
TIM GOOLEY : " Yes , she does . "
GEOGHEGAN : They 're expecting challenges but the Gooleys believe their faith will bridge any cultural divide .
JONI GOOLEY : " Our culture is our family culture .
Our culture is the Gooley culture .
You know we 've raised four boys , we have a culture within our home that has to do with loving God , respecting each other , caring for each other - that kind of stuff . "
GEOGHEGAN : After a year of paperwork , the Gooleys are finally on their way to collect their new children .
It 's a sixteen hour flight to the Ethiopian capital , Addis Ababa but a universe away from the family 's life in the US .
Gabriel Gooley , their eldest son , has flown in from Europe and is on hand to meet his parents .
There 's no time to digest the dramatic differences .
The family is off to the orphanage , an hour outside the city .
( AT THE ORPHANAGE )
As the family gets to know the children , a woman watches on .
This is the children 's birth mother .
The Gooley 's were told by their Florida based adoption agency that she 's very sick with HIV but today , even with the emotional turmoil , she looks remarkably strong .
ORPHANAGE : " She said I can't take care of them anymore .
I do n't have anything to feed them so I do n't want to see them die so that 's how she gave them to us . "
GEOGHEGAN : The orphanage claims it normally only accepts orphans but in the case of these three children , it says it made an exception because the mother could n't look after them and begged the orphanage to take them .
The children are now legally the Gooley's .
The mother 's compensation - a photograph to remember them by .
ORPHANAGE : " So we have a picture for her framed and we 're going to give her as a gift . "
JONI GOOLEY : [ To birth mother ]
" And also we consider it a privilege for her to share her children .
That was one of the most dramatic things I 've ever been part of , but I know how much she must love them and I respect that [ hugging and crying with birth mother ] . "
TIM GOOLEY : " God is a huge God .
He wants to care for his people and his children and he has given us that task - the world that task .
Whether you 're Madonna or whether you 're Joni Gooley , it is there for the doing . "
GEOGHEGAN : Ethiopia has become a fertile ground for international adoptions .
It 's estimated thirty children leave the country a week .
Across the city , hotel foyers have become clearing houses , departure lounges for many families and their adopted children .
This is the scene in just one hotel in Addis Ababa .
And the website You Tube is plastered with new parents ' home movies .
The crude reality is that children have become a big Ethiopian export .
A child welfare agency here estimates international adoptions are generating revenue for the government of around one hundred million dollars a year , and the government is showing now sign that it is going to jeopardise that income for the sake of the children .
Ethiopia is not a signatory to the Hague Convention which requires international adoption be used only as a last resort .
So as a result , a completely unregulated industry has grown up .
More than 70 agencies operate here , almost half are unregistered .
Corruption , fraud and deception are rife .
The unscrupulous practices of this industry alarm one of the country 's top human rights lawyers , Mehari Maru .
MEHARI MURU : " I have heard several words which I do n't accept in these adoption processes , ' harvesting ' is one of them is .... completely wrong , that you harvest the child for adoptive parents . "
CWA WOMAN : " If you want your family to be adopted by a family in America , you may stay .
If you do not want your child to go to America , you should take your child away . "
GEOGHEGAN : This active drafting of children from families for the international adoption market is harvesting .
CWA WOMAN : " We know that you love your children . "
GEOGHEGAN : The American agency , Christian World Adoptions or CWA is one of the most active .
Here a CWA staffer is seen recruiting children in a remote village in Ethiopia 's south , where evangelical Christianity prevails .
CWA WOMAN : " These are two cute brothers . "
GEOGHEGAN : There are five million orphans in this country , but few here .
Most of these children have parents .
CWA WOMAN : Meragene has some kind of infection on his face .
The Mum says it should clear up somewhat ...
GEOGHEGAN : Child by child , family by family , they roll up for their photo opportunity and what amounts to a sales pitch by the CWA staffer .
CWA STAFFER : [ On video tape ] " This is Tegegne Bekere , he 's a little abandoned child and this kind man and his wife have taken him in and are helping him out but he needs a family .
We think he 's about three years old . "
GEOGHEGAN : CWA 's sale pitch is mailed across the United States to families inquiring about Ethiopian adoptions .
Californian couple , Lisa Boe and her husband Frank , chose Tegegne Bekere from CWA 's January 2007 DVD catalogue .
LISA Boe : " They run about six to eight hours and I sat and watched every child but there was one little boy and he was introduced as an abandoned child who was looking and needed a mummy and he was just this tiny , beautiful little boy .
Big eyes and he looked just horrified and I just fell in love with him . "
GEOGHEGAN : Lisa Boe was assured - guaranteed - that the little boy was an orphan , but it did n't take long before she had doubts .
LISA Boe : " There was a picture of the people that had found him and there 's a man and a woman in the picture , I point to the woman and he calls her ' mamma ' .
I would have never .... never brought home a child that has a mum .... never . "
EYOB KOLCHA : [ Kingdom Vision International Orphanage ]
" I did n't understand clearly what was happening then because I was an employee and I was there to obey and to do what I was told to do and when I see today , it is completely unacceptable because you cannot go to the community and announce , 'oh we are here today to talk about adoption ' .
The children are in their community .... they need to be supported there first . "
GEOGHEGAN : Eyob Kolcha quit his job at Christian World Adoptions in December 2007 after more than a year with them .
He 's still in the Internet and adoption business and runs an orphanage in Addis Ababa .
EYOB KOLCHA : " It was considered good for the children in the community and that people .
So they were informed that they would go to America and they would live with families .
There was no information before that time .
There was no information after that . "
GEOGHEGAN : " Did their parents realise that they were now legally someone else 's children ? "
EYOB KOLCHA : " They did n't understand that .
Even I do n't think most people , most parents understand even elsewhere in Ethiopia right now . "
GEOGHEGAN : " It 's the commercialisation of children is n't it ?
At what point does that then become trafficking ? "
MEHARI MARU : " If a parent or a guardian gives this consent without supplied information to them , then there is a problem it will fall under trafficking . "
GEOGHEGAN : Foreign Correspondent contacted CWA 's United States headquarters many times during the course of filming this story , seeking a response to claims it harvests children and is involved in corrupt practices , but the agency did not respond .
We had little choice but to go underground .
[ Hidden camera ]
When we visited CWA 's office in Addis Ababa posing as potential adoptive parents , case worker Aster Hiruye denied the agency harvests children .
" You know you do n't go to communities and say , do you want to give up your child for instance ? "
ASTER HIRUYE : " No , we never do that , never .
And we can't do that . "
GEOGHEGAN : " That 's illegal is it ? "
ASTER HIRUYE : " That 's illegal .
That 's against the law . "
GEOGHEGAN : Across the city , the Gooley 's have custody of their three children and are staying at a guesthouse with several other American families who have also adopted Ethiopian children through various agencies .
The families offer one another support but the guesthouse also offers a discreet location .
The Gooley 's Florida based adoption agency had warned the family that international adoptions are a sensitive issue for ordinary Ethiopians .
Most agencies discourage adoptive parents from spending too much time in Ethiopia , just a few days to arrange visas through their embassies .
Some adoptive parents do n't even bother to make the trip .
They have their children delivered by an escort service .
At an orphanage in the town of Nazret a couple of hundred kilometres west of the capital , mothers have come to tell their stories .
WOUBALEM WORKU : " My name is Woubalem Worku .
I gave one son for adoption and I have two children left .
I was not able to raise him , that 's why I gave him up , but I wish him all the best wherever he is .
I want to see him in person , or at least a photo . "
MOTHER # 2 : " I do not regret .
But when the lady took him away she said she would let me know his address .
She said she 'd assist me and my other kids when she took him away .
At that time I was homeless [ crying ] .
Until now , I 've heard nothing .
It 's almost 3 years . "
MUNERA AHMED : " I have no words to express my feelings and my anguish about what happened to my children , and what I did .
As a mother , not to be able to know my kids ' situation hurts me so much .
I have no words , no words , to express my emotions .
I even regret the day I gave up my children for adoption .
That 's how I feel .
GEOGHEGAN : Munera Ahmed gave up two sons , one twelve months old and the other five after her husband left .
When her family found out , they took her remaining daughter , leaving her alone and filled with regret .
She has no idea what 's happened to her adopted children , despite assurances from the agency that she'd be kept informed .
MUNERA AHMED : " I was told I 'd have up to date information about my kids every 3 months .
They also said they would educate my little daughter .
It was on this basis and belief that I gave up my children to the organisation . "
GEOGHEGAN : Minara Armid has made the three hour journey to Addis Ababa her children were adopted through the Canadian Agency , Kids Link , and she 's come to the office today because she wants information about where and how her children are .
[ To man at agency ] " She had two children , adopted out and she was promised information about what had happened to them , where they 'd gone and how they are , but she has been given nothing . "
MAN AT AGENCY : " They just left the office " .
MUNERA AHMED : " But they were here just now .
I saw them from over there . "
GEOGHEGAN : Since our visit , the agency has gone bankrupt and closed its doors .
Minara Armid may never trace her children .
MUNERA AHMED : " The manager is not a bird .
She can not fly .
She can not fly out of the building . "
MAN AT AGENCY : " Come back tomorrow at 3 pm .
Goodbye . "
GEOGHEGAN : Janesville , Northern California is remote and quiet .
It 's home to just a few thousand people including now Tegegne Bekere , the little boy we met earlier .
He started his new life with a new name , Zane Boe .
Lisa
Boe and her husband Frank have a son of their own , but they wanted a brother for Zach .
A heart problem ruled out any plans for another pregnancy and a foster child they 'd taken in died of SIDS .
Lisa Boe met Zane for the first time at the Christian World Adoption home in Addis Ababa in April 2008 .
LISA Boe : " All of a sudden they brought this beautiful little boy , they 'd got him in their arms .
I could tell that he'd been you know ... kind of ruffled up , and she was carrying him tight and she came and she stood him before me and I kneeled down to meet him and I was just surprised when he could n't stand . "
GEOGHEGAN : The healthy child she 'd been promised by CWA was not .
Far from it .
LISA Boe : " Okay in the morning he takes Trileptal which is for his seizures .... anti-seizure medication .
His problems are he has cerebral palsy .
He has microcephaly ... he has a cyst in his left lobe of his brain that 's very large and takes up a greater portion of his left lobe .
He has seizures ....
He 's better with medication but he has food aversion ..... he has tremors from head to toe ....
His eye bounces non-stop .
He is going blind in his left eye .
His legs and feet are crippled and turn inward and they 're tightening due to the cerebral palsy .
[ With court documents ]
Look at this , the medicals that went through court ... says that he 's perfectly healthy .
There 's no deformities , no problems , no apparent neurological deficits . "
GEOGHEGAN : When Lisa Boe confronted the CWA doctor in Ethiopia about the false information , he showed her his notes referring Zane for specialist medical tests for his eyes and his legs .
LISA Boe : " Here is the eye referral that they say does n't exist . "
GEOGHEGAN : These are erased from Zane 's official medical records .
LISA Boe : " And here 's the paper where they even used white - out over somebody else 's name .... put his name over it . "
GEOGHEGAN : [ Hidden camera ]
" Well there are some serious allegations . "
When we tracked down the doctor at a hospital in Addis Ababa he told us he could n't remember the case , but claims that CWA had pressured him on a number of occasions to change records , most notably the age of the children .
He no longer works for the agency .
Lisa
Boe is now struggling with a seriously ill child and mounting medical bills .
LISA Boe : " His three medications alone per month is over $ 749 per month .
I would say that they need to drop Christian from their name .
They are not being honest .
They are doing things for profit . "
GEOGHEGAN : Had she known the extent of Zane 's medical problems , Lisa Boe admits she probably would n't have gone ahead with the adoption .
LISA Boe : " We had actually discussed getting a disabled child when we were adopting and we had decided because our prior son that we were trying to adopt passed away and it would have been well beyond what we could take .
We had already had a huge heartbreak .
The prognosis for Zane shortens his life and the thought of burying another child is well beyond what I can do .... [ very upset ] I 'm sorry . "
GEOGHEGAN : The Gooley 's eight day stay in Ethiopia is almost over and the orphanage 's church is giving them and the children a send off .
TIM GOOLEY : " They 're our children .
They 're all our children . "
ORPHANAGE : " I would say it 's a sad moment and a happy moment .
It 's a kind of a bitter - sweet experience for us .
We believe that you are a good family and we are happy about that .
The Lord is good . "
GEOGHEGAN : It 's a sobering moment for the Gooley 's , but there are no second thoughts .
They 're convinced that they 're doing the right thing by the children .
TIM GOOLEY : " This is really an act of God that we were placed in this place at this time with these kids and that he 's working from both sides of the Atlantic on caring for these kids . "
JONI GOOLEY : " We 're our brother 's keeper and it really hit me when I talked to the mum for a while , just myself , and tried to tell her that you 're still their mother and I 'm their mother , that we 're all helping each other in this world .
She 's going through some tough times .
Maybe when they 're nineteen I hope I would have the courage to say if you want to go back and move to Ethiopia , let 's go back . "
GEOGHEGAN : For now though the children must adapt to a new family and a new world .
And their mother has to deal with the loss and the choice she made .
No one seems to think it will hold up on appeal , but yesterday a recently elected judge in Houston , Texas ruled that the Lone Star State ’s death penalty is unconstitutional .
According to the Houston Chronicle , the Judge , Kevin Fine , stated that :
“ Based on the moratorium ( on the death penalty ) in Illinois , the Innocence Project and more than 200 people being exonerated nationwide , it can only be concluded that innocent people have been executed .
It ’s safe to assume we execute innocent people . ”
And :
“ Are you willing to have your brother , your father , your mother be the sacrificial lamb , to be the innocent person executed so that we can have a death penalty so that we can execute those who are deserving of the death penalty ?
I do n’t think society ’s mindset is that way now . ”
The ruling came in response to a pre-trial motion filed by attorneys for John Edward Green , who is charged with a June 2008 murder .
Green has pleaded not guilty .
Reaction from the Texas pro-death penalty establishment was swift .
Harris County District Attorney Patricia Lykos issued a statement proclaiming that : “ Words are inadequate to describe the Office ’s disappointment and dismay with this ruling . ”
Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott responded with familiar talking points .
He condemned the ruling as “ judicial activism , ” and he lamented that the judge ’s decision “ delays justice and closure for the victim ’s family , ” as if an execution were right around the corner rather than at least 10 years away ( assuming , of course , that Green is convicted ) .
Like other elected officials in the state , elected judges in Texas have traditionally been enthusiastic and active promoters of executions .
Perhaps judge
Fine ’s ruling will encourage his fellow judges to take a more critical and independent look at the death penalty in Texas .
In days of yore , we 're told , people had less leisure time because ­everything – everything – was a protracted pain in the fundament .
Want to clean that smock ?
Then you 'll have to walk six miles carrying a pail of water back from the village well .
And that 's before you 've tackled the laundering process itself , which consists of three hours laboriously scrubbing your soiled garment against a washboard and wringing it through a mangle .
By the time you 've finished , it 's bedtime .
Did you remember to clean your pyjamas ?
No .
Back to the village well for you , then .
No wonder the people in medieval woodcuts look so miserable , even when they are n't being cleft in twain by knights or dropping dead in a flurry of popping buboes .
And oh how we modernites love to chortle at their ­unsophisticated lives .
DARK AGE ­LOSERS PROBLY USED TURNIPS FOR IPHONES LOL !!!!
But in many ways , the rustic serf of yesteryear had a better quality of life than the skinbag - about - town of space year 2010 .
Computers have freed us from hours of drudgery with one hand , but introduced an equal amount of slightly different drudgery with the other .
No matter how ­advanced ­civilisation becomes , there 's an unyielding quota of drudgery lurking at the core that can never be completely eradicated .
These days it 's commonplace to do everything online , from designing the layout of your kitchen to locating a stranger prepared to kill and eat you for mutual sexual gratification .
Tasks that would have taken years to organise and achieve can now be accomplished in the blink of an icon .
Or would be , if you could remember your password .
But you can't remember your password .
You can't remember it ­because you chose it so very long , long ago – maybe three days afore .
In the intervening period you 've had to dream up another six passwords for another six websites , programs or email addresses .
In this age of rampant identity theft , where it 's just a matter of time before someone works out a way to steal your reflection in the mirror and use it to commit serial bigamy in an alternate dimension , we 're told only a maniac would use the same password for ­everything .
But passwords used to be for speakeasy owners or spies .
Once upon a time , you were n't the sort of person who had to commit hundreds of passwords to memory .
Now you are .
Part of your identity 's been stolen anyway .
In the meantime : you need a new password .
One as individual as a snowflake .
And as beautiful , too .
Having ­demanded a brand new password from you for the 28th time this month , His Lordship Your Computer proceeds to snootily critique your efforts .
Certain attempts he will disqualify immediately , without even passing judgment .
Less than six letters ?
No numbers ?
Access denied .
This is a complex parlour game , OK ?
There are rules .
So start again .
And this time : no recognisable words .
No punctuation marks .
No hesitation , ­deviation or ­repetition .
Go .
Pass the qualifying round and it gets worse .
Most modern password entrance exams grade each entry as you type , presenting you with an instant one - word review of your efforts .
Suppose you glance around your desk and pick the first thing you set eyes on , such as a blue pen .
You begrudgingly shove a number on the end , creating the ­password " bluepen1 " .
You submit this offering to the Digital Emperor , and he derides it as " Weak " .
You can use it if you want .
It 's valid .
But still ; it 's " weak " .
So you try again .
This time you replace some of the letters with numbers and jumble the capitalisation a bit , like a chef with ­limited ingredients trying to jazz up an omelette to impress a restaurant critic .
The Computerlord pulls a vaguely respectful face .
You 've jumped a grade , to " OK " .
You tingle within .
But you can do better .
Admit it : you want HRH Computer to actively admire you .
You want him to give you a rosette for creating the most carefully constructed password in history , a password that is n't merely secure , but is beautiful .
A password that sings .
A password to make angels weep .
You will present His Majesty the Mainframe with a masterpiece of encryption , an ornate lexicographic sonata – a creation whose ­breathtakingly ­impressive elegance is magnified by the heartbreaking know­ledge that no human other than yourself will ever set eyes upon it .
This is your private cryptographic poem , your ­encoded love letter to the machine .
Better be good .
So you take bold made - up words , weave them with numbers , stud the souffle with spicy CaPiTaLs and garnish it with a random string of characters carefully chosen for their memorable unmemorableness .
You 've performed reverse cryptanalysis ; been a one - man Enigma machine .
And your offering pleases God .
He deems it " Very Strong " : his highest accolade .
Still glowing , you try out your hand - crafted key for the first time , typing it into the lock .
With a soft click , the mechanism turns .
Access granted .
You are now part of the smocklaundry.com community .
How many of your smocks need laundering ?
When would you like them returned ?
No problem .
Thanks for your custom .
Farewell .
Three weeks later your smocks are returned , late and still plastered with hideous stains .
You revisit ­smocklaundry .
com to protest .
But you can't remember your password .
You can't remember it because you chose it so very long , long ago – maybe three weeks afore .
And in the intervening ­period you 've had to dream up another 42 passwords for ­another 42 websites , programs or email addresses .
Your beautiful password is dead .
It was simply too complex and too damned exquisite to live in your humdrum world , your humdrum mind .
Now you must face the ignominy of clicking the password reset button for the 58th time this year .
And as you trudge dolefully toward your inbox , waiting for the help letter to arrive , the cruel laughter of His Computerised Majesty rings in your ears .
You have failed , human .
You have failed .
Harrowing Memoir German Woman Writes Ground - Breaking Account of WW2 Rape
Gabriele Köpp was repeatedly raped by Russian soldiers in 1945 , when she was just 15 .
Now , at the age of 80 , she has become the first German woman to write a book under her own name about the sexual violence she experienced during World War II .
The story :
Circa 1971 used to frequent one of the various " head shops " in Newark , NJ 07029 along Halsey Street - one in particular " Whatever Is Legal " , 23 Halsey Street just right around the corner from Lafayette Radio Electronics on Central Avenue -& this song hit the charts -
Paul 's biggest hit so far ( then ) sans Beatles -& heard this one on the store 's " Hi - Tech " ( for then ) AM / FM Multiplex tuner & laughed insanely along with my hooky playing co-conspirators ( was 14 at the time , freshman year at HHS ) .
We really thought was a laugh / riot at the time because Mc Cartney was singing about " Admiral Halsey " & here we were getting rolling papers and 75W UV black light bulbs on Halsey Street , & then the " hands across the water ( water ) , ' heads ' across the sky " , bit & then we lost it - totally surreal like the opening credits of the old " Twilight Zone " , y'know ?
So naturally when he sings the , " Live a little , etc. , etc. , ... " part it made sense ( sinse ? ) to us that was singing abot " lids " which was counterculture slang for a unit of measurement imprompateau during a marijuana transaction utilising the lid of a Prince Albert tobacco can ,
approximately 1 ounce depending on the honesty or generousity of your chosen dealer .
" Lid oh lid oh be a gypsy ... "
It sounded like it to us stoned teens from right across the water , the Passaic River , from ( gulp ) - Harrison , NJ - but also intellectually it made sinse ( sense ) .
Flash forward 15 years later ,
Now working in Newark in the Downtown area near the old Halsey location , but no mo ' head shops anymore , apparently gone the way of the dinosaur thanks to political correctness .
On way home decide to save some $ $$ by taking direct bus from Newark 's Market Street to JSQ Jersey City instead of the more expensive PaTh , first time never took that route before , so walk down the length of Halsey where it intersects Market Street , reminiscing about the ' good ol ' days ' all the way , & wait for the " # 1 " bus that wends it way through Ironbound section of Newark before going across two trestle bridges in Kearney , before reaching Rt. 440 in JC where I lived at the time .
So my jaw dropped when the " # 1 " bus that I was told to wait for was the " # 1 ALBERT Avenue " bus - on the corner of Halsey & Market !
This event renewed my interest in the " RAM " album LP & especially the track " Uncle ALBERT ( Avenue ) / Admiral HALSEY ( Street ) " , but alas , listening to it as a ( then ) 29 year old man & with headphones I could clearly hear the correct lyrics .
Bummer .
As for the Q : " Do you think your version is better than the original ? " the answer is a flat NO , but to us 14 year olds in 1971 & with the aforementioned circumstances mentioned - all TRUE I might add - it sure made serendipitous synchronistic sense ( sinse ) at the time ...
About this blog
Good design .
Bad design .
One of each .
A few times a week , more or less .
First things first : I decide to change the numbering convention of the OpenGL Samples Pack .
From now on , it follows the OpenGL version it requires to run all the samples .
Following this , the OpenGL Samples Pack 3.3.0.0 is an OpenGL 3.3 set of samples that requires OpenGL 3.3 graphics cards and drivers .
It contains 28 samples including 5 new samples : Sampler object , GLSL semantics ( explicit location ) , occlusion query , conditional rendering with any sample and timer query .
Both AMD and nVidia provide beta OpenGL 3.3 drivers but currently both fail to run all the samples correctly .
I expect this situation resolved within few weeks maybe a month .
The previous OpenGL Samples Pack for OpenGL 3.2 is still available for developers you prefer reliable drivers .
Dems question credibility of memo
The memo hit the inbox about noon Friday , looking for all the world like Democratic talking points for health reform .
Sensitive internal documents find their way into reporters ’ inboxes all the time .
Sometimes they get published .
Sometimes they do n’t .
The ones that do are the ones that look , sound and feel credible to the reporters covering the story .
This one does , with its talk of a full SGR repeal , the JCT estimate and a streamlining of the insurance exchanges .
Advertisement
So it got posted .
A short item , with a link to the memo , appeared on POLITICO ’s Live Pulse blog , which is dedicated to continually updating the latest events in the health care reform debate .
Democrats cried foul , claiming the memo was fabricated and saying they could find no one on the Democratic leadership or committee staffs who had authored the memo or read it .
“ Can you take down the memo ASAP ?
It ’s a fake – did not come from Democrats , ” House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ’s spokeswoman Stephanie Lundberg emailed .
POLITICO circled back to the multiple Republican sources that had sent along the memo and asked if they could authenticate its Democratic origins .
They could not , so POLITICO pulled the item from the website .
Later , Democratic Rep. Anthony Weiner lit into Republicans for talking about the memo .
“ A real piece of legislation that for a year we ’ve been working on and a fake document that they wo n’t even give a source for , ” Weiner said on the House floor .
There would seem to be two possibilities .
One is an outright hoax , with some dirty trickster hunched over a keyboard to fashion a memo so realistic - sounding in substance and tone that even seasoned health reporters could get fooled .
The other is a more complicated explanation – perhaps a draft that somehow got into circulation , even before it was widely seen within the party staff and committees , but nonetheless represents the point of view of the Democrats heading into a critical weekend vote .
The memo ’s most explosive statement is that Democrats planned a so - called “ doc fix ” to Medicare reimbursement rates later this year , but do n’t want to talk about it ahead of Sunday ’s vote because it ’s going to cost billions .
So if the memo ’s a fake , does that mean there ’s no “ doc fix ” in the works ?
No , Democrats are planning to adjust Medicare reimbursement rates , just not until later this year .
In fact , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said as much in a news conference Friday .
And Democrats have n’t exactly been trumpeting that fact ahead of the vote , because Republicans have pounced on it as evidence the Democrats ’ health reform efforts are n’t really deficit - neutral , but would in fact expand the federal budget .
Pelosi spokesman Nadeam Elshami declined to discuss the substance of the memo , specifically whether the White House and congressional Democrats are working with doctors ’ groups to introduce a “ doc fix ” after reform is finished .
Elshami referred a reporter to a statement he and Lundberg released jointly :
“ Opponents of health reform ca n’t win on the merits of their arguments so they must stoop to acts of desperation to deny Americans an honest and truthful debate .
The latest examples of this came today with the maligning of Democratic members on the House floor , and the circulation of an apparently fraudulent memo that was falsely attributed to Democratic staffers , ” they said .
Democrats left the so - called doc fix out of the reform legislation last year because its $ 200 billion price tag would have made it impossible for Democrats to claim that their bill reduces the deficit .
The Medicare fix would more than erase the bill ’s projected $ 138 billion in deficit reduction in the first decade .
House Republicans even used the opportunity to hold a press conference criticizing Democrats for claiming that their health care bill will reduce the deficit while planning to spend hundreds of billions of dollars on a doc fix later this year .
In the end , POLITICO followed an old rule - of - thumb in journalism in taking down the memo : when in doubt , leave it out .
By day ’s end , it was still impossible to tell exactly what ’s the real story behind the memo .
But in the next few months , when Democrats try to pass a multi-billion - dollar “ doc fix , ” maybe that will shed a little light on the Democrats ’ real intentions .
Craig Gordon is POLITICO ’s White House Editor .
AUSTIN , Tex . —
After three days of turbulent meetings , the Texas Board of Education on Friday approved a social studies curriculum that will put a conservative stamp on history and economics textbooks , stressing the superiority of American capitalism , questioning the Founding Fathers ’ commitment to a purely secular government and presenting Republican political philosophies in a more positive light .
The vote was 10 to 5 along party lines , with all the Republicans on the board voting for it .
The board , whose members are elected , has influence beyond Texas because the state is one of the largest buyers of textbooks .
In the digital age , however , that influence has diminished as technological advances have made it possible for publishers to tailor books to individual states .
In recent years , board members have been locked in an ideological battle between a bloc of conservatives who question Darwin ’s theory of evolution and believe the Founding Fathers were guided by Christian principles , and a handful of Democrats and moderate Republicans who have fought to preserve the teaching of Darwinism and the separation of church and state .
Since January , Republicans on the board have passed more than 100 amendments to the 120 - page curriculum standards affecting history , sociology and economics courses from elementary to high school .
The standards were proposed by a panel of teachers .
To a great extent , advertising tells us who we are and who we should be .
What does advertising tell us today about women ?
It tells us just as did it 10 and 20 and 30 years ago that what 's most important about women is how we look .
The first thing the advertisers do is surround us with the image of ideal female beauty so we all learn how important it is for a women to be beautiful and exactly what it takes .
Jean Kilbourne continues her groundbreaking analysis of advertising 's depiction of women in this most recent update of her pioneering Killing Us Softly series .
In fascinating detail , Kilbourne decodes an array of print and television advertisements to reveal a pattern of disturbing and destructive gender stereotypes .
Her analysis challenges us to consider the relationship between advertising and broader issues of culture , identity , sexism , and gender violence .
Sections :
Does the beauty ideal still tyrannize women ?
|
Does advertising still objectify women 's bodies ? |
Are the twin themes of liberation and weight control still linked ? |
Is sexuality still presented as women 's main concern ? |
Are young girls still sexualized ? |
Are grown women infantilized ? |
Are images of male violence against women still used to sell products ?
At its core this whole dramatic scenario sound like the sloppy manifestation of a nasty breakup .
One person ends up moving out and the other ex-boyfriend swings low by having a ton of people move in that basically pay his way , while his ex has to make full payments on the rent .
So , his ex reported him to the landlord , and he was screwed from there .
Just a textbook petty revenge between a bitter couple of ex lovers .
Check out another petty revenge with this story about some loud neighbors that deprived a family of sleep , so the kids took revenge .
This article focuses on Linux and some UNIXes .
For Windows users , there is some good info in the Wireshark wiki .
Many network engineers become dismayed the first time they run Wireshark on a Linux machine and find that they do n't have access to any network interfaces .
This is because , by default , raw access to network interfaces ( e.g. eth0 ) requires root privileges .
Unfortunately , this often prompts people to simply run Wireshark as root - a bad idea .
As an older Gentoo Linux ebuild of Wireshark warns :
WIRESHARK CONTAINS OVER ONE POINT FIVE MILLION LINES OF SOURCE CODE .
DO NOT RUN THEM AS ROOT .
Indeed , due to the complexity and sheer number of its many protocol dissectors , Wireshark is inherently vulnerable to malformed traffic ( accidental or otherwise ) , which may result in denial of service conditions or possibly arbitrary code execution .
But if we should n't run Wireshark with root privileges , how are we to capture packets ?
The lead developer of Wireshark , Gerald Combs , points out some that Linux distributions are beginning to implement Linux filesystem capabilities for raw network access .
In this article , we 'll walk through putting this idea into practice on an Ubuntu 9.10 machine , and include a bit more detail behind the system commands .
Filesystem Capabilities
What are filesystem capabilities ?
From the man page :
For the purpose of performing permission checks , traditional Unix implementations distinguish two categories of processes : privileged processes ( whose effective user ID is 0 , referred to as superuser or root ) , and unprivileged processes ( whose effective UID is non-zero ) .
Privileged processes bypass all kernel permission checks , while unprivileged processes are subject to full permission checking based on the process 's credentials ( usually : effective UID , effective GID , and supplementary group list ) .
Starting with kernel 2.2 , Linux divides the privileges traditionally associated with superuser into distinct units , known as capabilities , which can be independently enabled and disabled .
Capabilities are a per-thread attribute .
The manual goes on to list over two dozen distinct POSIX capabilities which individual executables may be granted .
For sniffing , we 're interested in two specifically :
CAP_NET_ADMIN - Allow various network - related operations ( e.g. , setting privileged socket options , enabling multicasting , interface configuration , modifying routing tables ) .
- Allow various network - related operations ( e.g. , setting privileged socket options , enabling multicasting , interface configuration , modifying routing tables ) .
CAP_NET_RAW - Permit use of RAW and PACKET sockets .
CAP_NET_ADMIN allows us to set an interface to promiscuous mode , and CAP_NET_RAW permits raw access to an interface for capturing directly off the wire .
These capabilities are assigned using the setcap utility .
Enabling Non-root Capture
Step 1 : Install setcap
First , we 'll need to install the setcap executable if it has n't been already .
We 'll use this to set granular capabilities on Wireshark 's dumpcap executable .
setcap is part of the libca p2 - bin package .
stretch@Sandbox : ~$ sudo apt - get install libca p2 - bin Reading package lists ...
Done Building dependency tree Reading state information ...
Done Suggested packages : libcap - dev
The following NEW packages will be installed : libca p2 - bin 0 upgraded , 1 newly installed , 0 to remove and 0 not upgraded .
Need to get 17.7 kB of archives .
After this operation , 135 kB of additional disk space will be used .
Get : 1 http://us.archive.ubuntu.com karmic/universe libcap2-bin 1:2.16-5ubuntu1 [ 17.7kB ]
Fetched 17.7 kB in 0s ( 36.7kB/s)
Selecting previously deselected package libcap2 - bin .
( Reading database ... 146486 files and directories currently installed . )
Unpacking libcap2 - bin ( from .../libcap2-bin_1%3a2.16-5ubuntu1_amd64.deb ) ...
Processing triggers for man-db ... Setting up libcap2 - bin ( 1:2.16 -5ubuntu1 ) ...
Step 2 : Create a Wireshark Group ( Optional )
Since the application we 'll be granting heightened capabilities can by default be executed by all users , you may wish to add a designated group for the Wireshark family of utilities ( and similar applications ) and restrict their execution to users within that group .
However , this step is n't strictly necessary .
root@Sandbox # groupadd wireshark root@Sandbox # usermod - a - G wireshark stretch
After adding yourself to the group , your normal user may have to log out and back in .
Or , you can run newgrp to force the effect of the new group ( you 'll have to launch Wireshark from this same terminal environment in step 3 ) :
stretch@Sandbox $ newgrp wireshark
We assign the dumpcap executable to this group instead of Wireshark itself , as dumpcap is responsible for all the low - level capture work .
Changing its mode to 750 ensures only users belonging to its group can execute the file .
root@Sandbox # chgrp wireshark /usr / bin/ dumpcap root@Sandbox # chmod 750 /usr/bin/dumpcap
Step 3 : Grant Capabilities
Granting capabilities with setcap is a simple matter :
root@Sandbox # setcap cap_net_raw , cap_net_admin=eip /usr/bin/dumpcap
In case you 're wondering , that =eip bit after the capabilities list grants them in the effective , inheritable , and permitted bitmaps , respectively .
A more thorough explanation is provided in section 2 of this FAQ .
To verify our change , we can use getcap :
root@Sandbox # getcap /usr/bin/dumpcap /usr/bin/dumpcap = cap_net_admin,cap_net_raw+eip
If the messages in EFF 's inbox today are anything to go by , a lot of people are upset and angry — with good reason — over Sony 's announcement that it is going to disable a feature that allows people to run GNU / Linux and other operating systems on their PlayStation 3 consoles .
Sony had included a hypervisor feature called " Other OS " on the PS3 , which meant that you did n't need to break all the DRM on the device in order to install a Linux kernel or other custom software .
But on Sunday , Sony announced that the Other OS feature will be disabled in the next firmware release .
In short , Sony is effectively downgrading PS3s already sold and in the hands of consumers — when you bought it , it could play games , play Blu-ray discs , and run GNU / Linux .
After April 1 , it 's an inferior product .
The backstory is that Sony provided the Other OS feature in order to support IBM's Cell Project , which produced the PS3's CPU and made it practical to use PS3 consoles as compute nodes for a scientific supercomputer .
The U.S. Army did just that , buying more than 2,000 PS3s to build a supercomputer .
Lots of hobbyists also made use of the Other OS feature , using it to write their own games and creatively repurpose their PS3s .
Recently , however , a hobbyist named Geohot announced that he was able to use the Other OS feature along with a bit of soldering in a manner that gave him more control over the PS3 hardware than Sony had intended .
Sony responded with the " upgrade " that removes the Other OS feature .
PlayStation 3 owners are n't technically required to upgrade their firmware .
However , Sony has built a vast and sticky web of DRM restrictions that will kick in to make life miserable for anyone who declines the " upgrade " :
It will be impossible to play PS3 games online .
It will be impossible to play new PS3 games .
It will be impossible to watch new Blu-ray videos .
New Blu-ray discs could even disable the Blu-ray drive entirely if they contain an AACS Host Revocation List that affects the old firmware version .
Videos on DTCP - IP media servers will be disabled .
So , as an owner of an affected PS3 , how can you keep all the features that Sony sold you ?
Well , Geohot is reportedly working on custom firmware that would preserve the Other OS feature while avoiding the DRM meltdowns mentioned bove .
At that point , we see if Sony will bring in lawyers brandishing the anticircumvention provisions of the Digital Millenium Copyright Act ( a tactic that backfired when Sony tried it on Aibo robot dog hobbyists a few years ago ) .
This is just the latest example of the way in which digital rights management hurts consumers — at the end of the day , hardware that includes DRM is always silently waiting to protect someone else 's interests , at the expense of your own .
This image of Phobos 's surface was obtained by the Super Resolution Channel ( or SRC , a part of the High Resolution Stereo Camera experiment ) on board ESA 's Mars Express onAug. 3 , 2008 ( orbit 5889 ) .
The distance from the moon 's centre was 656 km , and the image resolution is 6 m / pixel .
The original image has been corrected for mirror distortion .
Credit : ESA / DLR / FU Berlin ( G. Neukum )
Mars Express encountered Phobos last night , smoothly skimming past at just 67 km , the closest any manmade object has ever approached Mars ' enigmatic moon .
The data collected could help unlock the origin of not just Phobos but other ' second generation ' moons .
Something is not right about Phobos .
It looks like a solid object but previous flybys have shown that it is not dense enough to be solid all the way through .
Instead , it must be 25 - 35 % porous .
This has led planetary scientists to believe that it is little more than a ' rubble pile ' circling Mars .
Such a rubble pile would be composed of blocks both large and small resting together , with possibly large spaces between them where they do not fit easily together .
Last night 's flyby was close enough to give scientists their most exquisite data yet about the gravitational field of Phobos .
Mars Express locked onto the radio signal from Earth at around 21:20 CET ( 20:20 UT ) .
The radio frequency oscillators on the ground are 100 000 times more stable than those on the spacecraft , so for this experiment , which required the best precision possible , the signal was sent up to Mars Express and then returned by the spacecraft to the ground .
The radio waves travel at the speed of light and took 6 minutes 34 seconds to travel from Earth to the spacecraft last night .
So the round trip time was 13 minutes 8 seconds .
Once the signal was received back at Earth , it was clearly strong and good .
So strong that radio amateurs were also able to lock onto the signal , although their equipment would not be able to detect the subtle variations induced by the gravity of Phobos .
Now that the data are all collected , the analysis can begin .
First will be an estimate of the density variation across the moon .
This will tell scientists just how much of Phobos ' interior is likely to be composed of voids .
" Phobos is probably a second - generation Solar System object , " says Martin Pätzold , Universitat Koln , Cologne , Germany , and Principal Investigator of the Mars Radio Science ( MaRS ) experiment .
Second generation means that it coalesced in orbit after Mars formed , rather than forming concurrently out of the same birth cloud as the Red Planet .
There are other moons around other planets where this is thought to have been the case too , such as Amalthea around Jupiter .
Whatever the precise origin , Phobos will eventually crumble back into this disrupted state .
It is gradually spiralling towards Mars and will eventually be pulled apart .
" It came from debris , it will return to debris , " says Pätzold .
In the meantime , it is there to be studied and explored .
Last night 's flyby was just one of a campaign of 12 Mars Express flybys taking place in February and March 2010 .
For the previous two , the radar was working , attempting to probe beneath the surface of the moon , looking for reflections from structures inside .
In the coming flybys , the Mars Express camera will take over , providing high resolution pictures of the moon 's surface .
Explore further Phobos flyby season starts again
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Peter Sauber is poised to lodge an application to change the name of his Formula 1 team , AUTOSPORT has learned , after he carried the BMW moniker into the new season .
Despite the withdrawal of German car manufacturer BMW from F1 , the outfit kept its ' BMW Sauber F1 Team ' name for the start of the year .
Sauber did not request a pre-season title change , and name changes are not easy to take place because they can run the risk of teams losing out on vital television rights income .
However , although no move was made before the first race , Sauber has confirmed that now the season is underway his team will request a change - although when exactly has not been decided .
" We will submit an application for a chassis name change , but the timing has yet to be decided , " he said when asked by AUTOSPORT about the naming situation .
" It will happen some time this season . "
The BMW Sauber team is currently without a title sponsor for 2010 , and Sauber admitted that his outfit was unlikely to get one now until next year .
" We have still a white car unfortunately , because it is impossible to find sponsors during January and February - especially big sponsors , " he explained about the team 's financial situation .
" Today we are looking for sponsors for the 2011 season .
I hope we will find some sponsors for this season . "
Sauber expressed some hope , however , that if the outfit concluded a deal for 2011 it may be able to bring the sponsorship forward into this season .
" If we find a title sponsor for 2011 in the middle of the year then maybe we can have them for this season too , " he said .
February 2020 October 2020 M T W T F S S 31 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 1 2 3 4
Have you ever been unhappy with your laptop ’s original screen ?
Did you ever think that your laptop would be perfect if only the colors did n’t shift at a slightest angle ?
Were you dreaming that your gaming computer could show you more than a mere 60 frames per second ?
Did you ever wonder if you can upgrade your lack - luster built - in display on your otherwise awesome laptop ?
Now you can !
We have rolled - out “ UPGRADE OPTIONS ” feature and for select laptops our site will now offer screen upgrades that we know will work directly on your laptop without any additional parts or tools – plug and play !
By upgrading your screen on our site you can enjoy the wide viewing angles , professional color ranges and double the frame rates for smooth motion and gaming !
And you will be fully covered by our device life - time warranty that protects your new LCD from manufacturer defects for as long as you own the device that it was purchased for .
Thousands of laptop models can now be upgraded via our site with display options that were never offered by the original manufacturer because they were considered premium , luxury and “ high - end segment ” .
UPGRADE OPTIONS include :
IPS ( In - plane switching ) – Better viewing angles because of a different way of constructing the pixels .
Colors will no longer shift if you look at your display from the side or from above .
IPS Professional Color – A wider range of physical colors reproducible by the LCD .
A must - have for professional photography , print and publishing , available to you at a fraction of the cost .
120 Hz – A maximum refresh rate of the display ( most commonly 60 Hz ) dictates how many pictures your display can show per second .
With a 120 Hertz upgrade , your new display can deliver double the frames each second for smoother motion and a much more immersive visual experience .
120Hz IPS – All of the advantages of a 120 Hertz upgrade combined with wide viewing angles and improved color range .
Copyright ( © ) LaptopScreen.com
A cruel irony surrounds the 30th anniversary of Margaret Thatcher ’s arrival at No 10 .
More than any other political leader , more even than Ronald Reagan in the United States , she personified the capitalist renaissance that swept across the globe in the 1980s and 1990s .
Now , the economic model that powered the renaissance is in ruins .
The mantras of high Thatcherism – “ Markets know better than governments ” , “ There is no such thing as society ” , “ Trade union power is the true cause of unemployment ” – are no longer heard .
Keynesians new and old such as Martin Wolf , Robert Skidelsky and Will Hutton stride across the op - ed pages .
New Labour ’s demi-semi-Thatcherism has collapsed as well , and its high priests have apostatised .
The Third Way is , at most , an embarrassing memory ; triangulation is out .
The hunt is on , no longer for new privatisations , but for new nationalisations .
Under Gordon Brown , the old left - socialist dream of an economy whose commanding heights would be publicly owned is nearer to realisation than ever before in peacetime .
( In a capitalist economy , after all , the true commanding heights are to be found in the financial services sector . )
No one knows where the political fallout will land .
It is probable – but far from certain – that Labour will lose the next election .
Yet even if it does , the Tory nationalist crusaders whom Thatcher led with such passion and élan will not return to the seats of power .
Despite one or two false steps in the past few weeks , David Cameron has patently abandoned the Thatcherism of his salad days .
The last thing he wants is to embark on a Tory nationalist crusade .
His unacknowledged role models are those Whiggish champions of irenic gradualism , Harold Macmillan and R A Butler .
There are deeper ironies than this in the present crisis .
Thatcher ’s crusade was not only , or even primarily , economic in character .
“ Economics , ” she said herself , “ are the method .
The object is to change the heart and soul . ”
The Tory nationalist tradition , of which she was the greatest 20th - century ­embodiment , has always been haunted by the spectre of what an even greater embodiment , Lord Salisbury , once called ­“disintegration ” .
Tory nationalists are always on the watch for a downward slide into a Hobbesian state of nature , where there would be no authority to check the destructive passions of undisciplined individuals .
Thatcher ’s frequent hymns to the free market obscured her real purposes .
In truth , it was the disciplines of the marketplace that attracted her , not its freedoms .
Her objection to collectivism was not so much that it misallocated resources as that it produced “ moral cripples ” .
The changed souls she hoped to see would be those that had reigned in the idealised 1930s Grantham of her later imagination : abstinent , provident , self - reliant and , above all , disciplined .
And discipline was learned first in the family , the nursery of self - reliance and the chief bulwark against
social chaos .
She wanted to free enterprising individuals from the dead hand of the state , but she did not want the individuals she freed to sink back into hedonistic self - indulgence .
She wanted them to incarnate the puritan virtues extolled by the cham­pions of the entrepreneurial ideal of the early 19th century : to work hard , to defer gratification , to deal fairly , to respect ­authority , to live within their means and to put something aside for a rainy day – in fact , to behave as she thought her redoubtable father , Alderman Roberts , had behaved .
The 1986 “ Big Bang ” that opened up the City to an influx of foreign firms and laid the ground for the speculative frenzy that brought us to our present pass occurred on her watch .
But she would have been appalled , or at least incredulous , if she had been told that the end result would be an economy and society awash with debts that no one could repay and toxic assets whose extent no one could fathom .
“ There is no such thing as society ” , “ Markets know better than governments ” . . . the mantras of high Thatcherism are no longer heard
The greatest irony of the Thatcher crusade is that its economics pulled against its ethics .
I doubt if the idealised abstinent , puritanical , self - respecting Grantham of her imagination ever existed in the real world .
It certainly did n’t exist in her Britain .
As a quick reading of the Communist Manifesto would have warned her , free - market capitalism is , of its very essence , subversive .
It is restless , heaving , masterless , wonderfully dynamic and creative , but , in itself , utterly amoral .
The hot breath of the cash nexus dissolves the ties of faith , community , family and tradition .
And , as Friedrich von Hayek pointed out more vigorously than any critic of the free market , entrepreneurial success has nothing to do with merit or fairness .
It is about satisfying wants and even at times about creating or manufacturing them ; and the wants are as likely to be bad as good .
The speculative frenzies and spectacular frauds that have studded its history are of its essence , too : among the forces that drive it , greed , credulity and the herd instinct loom much larger than the rationality that most economists celebrate .
Thatcher ’s tragedy was that she forgot – or perhaps had never learned – these truisms .
Under her , the market was freed up , though not as much as she and her colleagues imagined .
But the remoralised souls she had dreamed of obstinately failed to appear .
The Thatcher years brought immense changes to the culture and the moral economy – the network of moral assumptions and codes of behaviour that tells economic actors high and low how they ought to behave .
They were not , however , the changes she had hoped for .
Authority and discipline were not restored , either in the state or in society at large ; on the contrary , they were further undermined .
One reason was that the government ’s attempts to use the powers of an increasingly aggressive central state to end what it called the “ dependency culture ” turned swaths of respectable Conservative opinion against it , notably in the struggle over the poll tax .
Another was that nimble - footed cultural entrepreneurs found that mocking authority sold better than sustaining it .
A third was that the instrumental , individualistic hedonism of the marketplace increasingly pervaded other spheres as well , overwhelming old barriers of custom and duty .
Thatcher may or may not have realised this .
If she did , she must have been grievously disappointed .
But she had sown the wind , and had to reap the whirlwind .
Under her governments , the delicate fabric of deference and tradition that had once enveloped authority wore thin .
So far from curbing the central state , her governments extended its ambitions and its reach .
As a result , it lost legitimacy instead of regaining it .
The most obvious hallmark of her reign was a relentless war – partly rhetorical , but partly through state intervention – against the cultural and professional elites that had once sustained authority in society and the state .
Universities lost funding and their teachers lost tenure , local authorities were “ rate - capped ” , the metropolitan counties created under Edward Heath were abolished , the National Health Service was reorganised on market lines , and the Church of England was denounced ( to be fair , by Conservative backbenchers and not by Thatcher herself ) for its “ Marxist ” theology .
The BBC , the universities ( particularly the ancient ones ) , local government , the established Churches of England and Scotland and even , for a while , the CBI were all driven into revolt , mostly futile .
The senior civil service , whose wings she ruthlessly clipped , could not revolt , but many of its most promising members took refuge in the private sector .
As for the puritan virtues , they were scarcer in 1990 than they had been in 1979 , while a coarse - grained consumerism swept through the land .
The raucous , ostentatiously vulgar hedonism of the Sun painted a more accurate picture of social attitudes than Hayek ’s hymns to the “ Great Society ” .
Perceptive commentators noted the rise of a new , know - nothing “ plebeian ” culture in place of the self - respecting working - class culture of old days , and the rising tide of football violence during the 1980s suggested that they were right .
In a different sphere , the City was rocked by scandal as rough , tough upstarts pushed aside the gentlemanly capitalists who had once given it its tone .
An emblematic moment came in 1987 , when four private speculators were successfully prosecuted for conspiring to force up the price of Guinness shares during a takeover battle .
The bonus culture , like the debt culture of which it was part , was born under Thatcher , not under Gordon Brown .
At this point , however , the story takes an unexpected turn .
Thatcher and her followers were not the sole authors of the authority - sapping cultural revolution of the age .
It had left - wing as well as right - wing antecedents .
Of course , the intellectuals of the left loathed her and all her works .
They saw her as a tyrannical and philistine harridan , a kind of female Stalin of the right , out to crush the values and interests they most valued .
( It was not an accident that one of their most characteristic productions was the journal Samizdat . )
They stood – or thought they stood – for solidarity , compassion and social justice , and they did their unsuccessful best to defend the institutions that embodied these from her onslaught .
When her party toppled her at last , they felt like dancing in the streets .
Yet they deserved much of the credit ( or discredit ) for the early successes of the Thatcher crusade .
The crisis of authority that made it possible owed far more to the left than to the right .
The hypnotic oratory of Enoch Powell and the self - flagellating rhetoric of Keith Joseph would have found no audiences , but for the chaotic incoherence of the Wilson - Callaghan government of the 1970s , the lumpen excesses of the trade unions and the left intelligentsia ’s blindness to the collapse of the democratic collectivist tradition in which it had been brought up .
The postwar Keynesian social - democratic paradigm fell apart in the 1970s , leaving a huge hole where a governing philosophy should have been .
The culprits – the sour proletarianism that swept through the trade union movement , the shallow neo-Marxism of the Bennites , the degenerate , muscle - bound Labourism of the Wilsons , Callaghans , Healeys and Foots – belonged overwhelmingly to the political left .
Almost by definition , the intellectuals of that left could not fill the hole .
To have done so , even to have attempted to do so , would have been to sunder the ties that bound them to their past .
The time was ripe for a Tory nationalist revival ; and Thatcher duly supplied it .
The oratory of Enoch Powell and the rhetoric of Keith Joseph would have found no audiences , but for the blindness of the left intelligentsia
The relationship between the left intelligentsia and the cultural shifts of the 1980s was more complex than that , however .
On a much deeper level than conscious intent , left intellectuals and the headline writers of the Sun were siblings under the skin .
The voracious , all - consuming hedonism of the Sun , its contempt for traditional elites and the culture of instant gratification it fostered were shared , albeit in a strange , upside - down way , by much of the left .
Insofar as it stood for anything , the Sun stood for “ bonking ” , for “ Loadsamoney ” , for upwardly mobile Essex Man and Woman , and against conventional restraints of all kinds .
Left intellectuals winced at its vulgarity , but , in softer , more genteel tones , they echoed many of its themes .
They had no time for Essex Man , but they were all for Barnsley Man. “ Loadsamoney ” shocked them , but they watched enthusiastically while their houses increased in value , took out new mortgages on the strength of their paper gains , aspired to cottages in the Dordogne and bought claret from the Wine Society , or at least New World wine from Oddbins .
Though the language of “ bonking ” was too flagrant for their taste , they devoured the novels of Martin Amis and Ian McEwan , applauded the television dramas of Dennis Potter and scorned Mary Whitehouse .
They had something in common with the antinomians of the 16th century , who preached the heresy that true Christians were exempt from the moral law .
They railed against what they saw as repressive and archaic moral codes , and condemned the institutions that propagated them .
They were against economic freedom , but for freedom in virtually every other sphere of social and personal life .
They opposed the privatisation of resources , but advocated the privatisation of morality .
In their language , wants became needs – and , all too often , rights .
For some of them , the distinction between liberty and licence , which earlier generations had taken for granted , was nothing more than authoritarian cant .
Above all , they failed to see that the solidarity and compassion they preached depended on a shared , “ thick ” communal morality that constrained individual appetite in the name of duty , civic loyalty , public decency or even ( horror of horrors ) religion .
At first sight , New Labour was different .
Tony Blair certainly talked the language of public duty , and even stressed his debts to the once - famous philosopher of community John Macmurray and the charismatic Australian churchman Peter Thomson .
Gordon Brown – famously a “ son of the manse ” – spoke eloquently of his moral compass .
But though their sincerity is not in doubt , the style of their governments and the content of their policies belied their moral commitments .
Peter Mandelson ’s famous remark that New Labour was “ intensely relaxed about people getting filthy rich ” and Alastair Campbell ’s throwaway line “ We do n’t do God ” tell us more about New Labour ’s economics than Blair ’s Christian faith or Brown ’s Presbyterian parentage .
Under Blair and Brown , as under Thatcher , duty and morality were for Sundays .
During the rest of the week , hedonistic consumerism marched on .
The results lie all around us .
The crisis of renascent capit­alism which now engulfs the globe is not solely economic .
It is , above all , a crisis of the moral economy .
When Franklin D Roosevelt spoke , in biblical language , of the money changers fleeing the temple , he showed that he understood the Great Depression in those terms .
There are signs that Barack Obama sees the looming depression of our day in the same way .
So far , however , no British leader – not even Gordon Brown – has dared to echo this language .
The antinomian leftists of the 1980s and 1990s bear part of the blame .
They , too , sowed the wind ; and we are all reaping the whirlwind .
L’apparition des cheveux blancs est le signe que vous avez franchi une nouvelle étape de la vie .
Cette couleur de
Environmentalists believe it is doomed to fail but a development industry leader says he remains optimistic .
When Premier Anna Bligh 's two - day growth summit begins in Brisbane tomorrow , housing industry bosses , community groups , conservationists , planning experts and all three levels of government will sit down in the one room .
Their task ?
To work out new ways to deal with population growth in the state 's rapidly developing south - east corner .
But disagreement has already broken out between some of the participants on the wording of the question , let alone what the solutions are .
Queensland Conservation Council secretary Simon Baltais said yesterday he was not convinced the summit would achieve anything because its goals were all about " managing " rather than " controlling " population growth .
Voices :
A time to repent from the coarsening of our political witness
Zac Harrel calls Christians to remember who they represent when they participate in political discussions and to repent of reflecting the world .
09/29/2020 - By Zac Harrel
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
What should we do about China ?
The basic problem is simple : China runs a huge trade surplus — exporting way more stuff to the rest of the world than they import back — and that means the rest of the world runs a huge trade deficit with them .
That includes the United States .
And for us , the problem is even worse because we also run a big trade deficit with OPEC countries in order to satisfy our boundless thirst for oil .
What to do ?
In the case of oil , there ’s not much to do except use less of the stuff .
In the case of China , however , our trade deficit is largely artificial : it only exists because Chinese goods are so cheap , and they ’re only as cheap as they are because China manipulates the value of its currency down , which in turn causes the dollar to be overvalued .
Dean Baker :
This is of course unsustainable .
The only way that this deficit can be corrected is by reducing the value of the dollar … .
This decision would mean that the United States could finally get its trade deficit down to a manageable level .
The trade deficit has been the leading imbalance in the U.S. economy over the last decade .
The large trade deficit required very low private savings and / or large budget deficits .
This is an accounting identity .
If the country is a net borrower from abroad ( this is what a trade deficit means ) , then it must have low national savings .
There is no way around this story .
In reality , China is pointing a water gun at our heads .
We should beg them to become unhappy with our fiscal and monetary policies and stop investing in Treasury bonds .
The improvement in the trade deficit that will result from the fall in the dollar will create ten times as many jobs as any “ jobs bill ” that President Obama can possibly get through Congress .
Paul Krugman agrees , but takes a different approach to explaining the problem .
An undervalued renminbi is a symptom of the real problem , which is that China is buying too many U.S. treasury bills :
Although people do n’t always think of it this way , what the Chinese government is doing here is engaging in massive capital export — artificially creating a huge deficit in China ’s capital account .
It ’s able to do this in part because capital controls inhibit offsetting private capital inflows ; but the key point is that China has a de facto policy of forcing capital flows out of the country … .
By creating an artificial capital account deficit , China is , as a matter of arithmetic necessity , creating an artificial current account surplus .
And by doing that , it is exporting savings to the rest of the world .
…. Notice that I did n’t mention the value of the renminbi at all in this account .
It ’s there implicitly : a weak renminbi is the mechanism through which China ’s capital - export policy gets translated into physical exports of goods .
But you want to keep your eye on the ball : it ’s the artificial capital exports that are the driving force here .
Both posts are worth reading .
Krugman and Baker both agree that China ’s threat to stop buying U.S. treasuries is not only hollow , it ’s something we should actively favor .
If they started dumping their U.S. assets , China would lose money on the deal and the dollar would fall in value , which would help correct our trade deficit .
What ’s not to like ?
2010-02-26
Just 3.3 cm thin and energy - saving : HD - compatible Mini-PC solution from Shuttle
With option of installation behind flat panel displays
Elmshorn , Germany , February 26th 2010 .
Shuttle Inc. , a leading developer and manufacturer of multi- form - factor solutions such as the world - famous XPC Mini-PC - Barebones , will be unveiling at this year 's CeBIT in Hanover a new , ultra - compact PC platform which , at just 3.3 cm wide , is already HD - compatible .
The Shuttle Barebone XS35 is a Mini-PC in the 1 - litre class which , thanks to its shape and the standardised VESA mounting interface , can be easily fitted behind flat panel displays and therefore does not take up any space .
Intel 's Atom D510 Dual Core Processor ( 2 x 1.66 GHz ) and the NM10 Express Chipset serve as the energy - saving hardware platform .
A high - performance NVIDIA GT218 ( ION2 ) graphics card provides streaming 3D and video playback .
The HDMI connector allows for excellent sound and picture quality and connects the device to modern flat panel displays and large televisions easily .
Other practical connectors include 5x USB , VGA , LAN and Audio .
Housed in the small case are a multi - format card reader , a 2.5 " hard disk and an optical slimline drive .
For added security , it can also be protected against theft using a Kensington lock .
The XS35 is passively cooled and therefore practically noiseless - ideal for home use , too .
This innovation will also be on display at this year 's CeBIT .
The Shuttle trade fair stand is located in Hall 17 , Stand G68 .
The new Shuttle Barebone XS35 will be available in stores in the second quarter of 2010 .
The recommended retail price has not yet been fixed .
One of the features of bash I ’ve too long overlooked is its history expansion .
In this post I ’ll show a few examples to get a grip at it .
Recall a previous line
Recall the last line kattoo@roadrunner ~ $ date Sun Mar 28 18:35:12 CEST 2010 kattoo@roadrunner ~ $ !! date Sun Mar 28 18:35:13 CEST 2010 kattoo@roadrunner ~ $
Recall the n-th last line : kattoo@roadrunner ~ $ echo 1 1 kattoo@roadrunner ~ $ echo 2 2 kattoo@roadrunner ~ $ echo 3 3 kattoo@roadrunner ~ $ !- 3 echo 1 1 kattoo@roadrunner ~ $
Recall the n-th line of the history kattoo@roadrunner ~ $ history [...] 533 date 534 date 535 echo 1 536 echo 2 537 echo 3 538 echo 1 539 history kattoo@roadrunner ~ $ ! 536 echo 2 2 kattoo@roadrunner ~ $
Re-using previous command line arguments
Re-use all the arguments of the previous command kattoo@roadrunner ~ $ touch test - file .
txt kattoo@roadrunner ~ $ scp !* remote : /tmp scp test - file.txt spaghetti:/tmp test-file.txt 100 % 0 0.0 KB/s 00:00 kattoo@roadrunner ~ $
Re-use the m-th argument from the n-th previous command line kattoo@roadrunner ~ $ echo 1 2 3 1 2 3 kattoo@roadrunner ~ $ echo !-1:2 echo 2 2 kattoo@roadrunner ~ $
Re-run the previous command changing occurrences of X by Y kattoo@roadrunner ~ $ echo test test kattoo@roadrunner ~ $ ^test ^replaced echo replaced replaced kattoo@roadrunner ~ $
That ’s about it … those are what I consider to be the most useful history expansion features of bash .
Do you have any other you find especially useful ?
Share them in the comments !
More perusal of the service budgets reveal details of the Corps interest in the Internally Transportable Vehicle , a modernized version of the Jeep Willy that is designed to fly in the belly of an Osprey .
The Corps ’ original plan was to pair this mini-me vehicle with the Expeditionary Fire Support System 120 mm mortar and storm them Warsaw Pact style off the backs of the Osprey ’s diminutive loading bay .
But many doubt that capability ( I for one have never seen it tested and I can’t imagine having flown a lot in Ospreys that the entire suit can fit in the cargo bay ) .
Yet the Corps keeps buyin’ ’em .
According to the budget submission , the Corps wants to pay General Dynamics of St. Petersburg , Fla. , $ 28 million to purchase 73 ITVs in the Light Attack Vehicle configurations — in other words , not the 120 mm towing version .
Funds will support procurement of 73 ITV Light Strike Vehicles ( LSV ) .
The vehicles will be fielded to support upcoming Marine Expeditionary Unit ( MEU ) deployments to OEF .
The procurement will also support production line activities used for the Expeditionary Fire Support System ( EFSS ) .
The combined procurement of the ITV and EFSS prime mover platforms will allow production line operations to continue until the EFSS needs are fully satisfied .
The unit costs for the ITV variants are impacted based on quantity differences and the negotiated prices derived from the negotiations .
I know there ’s a lot of caveats here , but that comes out to around $ 380 K per vehicle .
Some of the money is being used for spares and other support costs , but if I ’m reading the documents right ( page 285 ) it looks as if the base cost for each ITV is around $ 273,000 .
That ’s a lot of jack for an unarmored max - 4 - man minijeeep .
Better have some Corinthian Leather seats , burled wood paneling and full DVD / GPS entertainment system with Bose boosters for that kind of coin .
— Christian
It has been three years since the Supreme Court ’s conservative majority abruptly departed from precedent to uphold a federal ban on a particular method of abortion .
Emboldened , foes of reproductive freedom are pressing new attacks on women ’s rights and health .
In Utah , Gov. Gary Herbert , a Republican , has signed a bill that would criminalize certain behavior by women that results in miscarriage .
It was prompted by a sad and strange case last year in which a teenager who was seven months pregnant sought to induce a miscarriage by hiring a man to beat her .
The measure exempts lawful abortions , and particularly worrisome language about “ reckless ” acts has been removed .
But the law still raises concern about zealous prosecutors using a woman ’s difficult choices to open an investigation .
In Oklahoma , the Center for Reproductive Rights succeeded last week in blocking a burdensome measure designed to discourage abortions by requiring preprocedure sonograms and exempting physicians from liability for failing to disclose fetal abnormalities .
But the ruling turned on a technical flaw in the law , and its supporters are expected to try again .
An even more ominous assault on reproductive freedom is looming in Nebraska .
A blatantly unconstitutional measure moving through the State Legislature would ban abortions at 20 weeks ’ gestation  before viability and earlier than constitutionally allowed .
Its narrow health exception excludes mental health .
Indeed , the bill prohibits doctors from performing an abortion to avoid a serious risk that the woman may commit suicide .
On Monday , the nine members of the Hutaree Militia were charged with , among other things , ‘ seditious conspiracy , ’ which carries a maximum of a life imprisonment if convicted .
The incident has raised concerns over domestic terrorism and left many confused about Christian apocalyptic belief , which requires some basic history to sort out .
The Hutaree [ hoo - TAR - ee ] — which means “ Christian warrior ” in the group ’s secret language — were preparing “ for the end time battles to keep the testimony of Jesus Christ alive . ”
They believed that “ one day , as prophecy says , there will be an Antichrist .
All Christians must know this and prepare , just as Christ commanded . ”
And they obliged by forming a citizens ’ militia underground cell and arming themselves .
Their plans , according federal officials , began in August 2008 .
In order to explain why the Hutaree militia was arming itself to battle the Antichrist and federal law enforcement we need to explore the intersection of Christian fundamentalist apocalypticism with citizen militias , the Patriot Movement , and right - wing populism .
Something Old and Something New ( World Order )
Conspiracy theories date back many centuries , with a major outbreak in the late 1790s of plots by Freemasons to smash both church and state .
These plots were rewritten in the latter part of the 1800s to target Catholics ; then by a sector of the Populists who saw the perpetrators as a giant octopus of plutocrats and bankers ; and again in the early 1900s to scapegoat Jews .
Talk radio pioneer Father Coughlin railed against the ‘ banksters ’ and Jews working behind the scenes in the Roosevelt Administration .
Since the early 1990s , a sector of the political right in the United States has embraced a specific set of conspiracy theories revolving around government plans to impose tyranny through the United Nations or some such international body .
These conspiracy theorists , egged on by groups like the John Birch Society , claimed that George H.W. Bush was planning a New World Order before attacking the Clinton administration for political assassinations and drug running .
The storyline morphed in recent years into fears that the government of the United States planned to destroy national sovereignty by merging with Mexico and Canada to form a North American Union .
That theory first surfaced among right - wing opponents of President George W. Bush .
Along the way , right - wing media demagogues and Republican Party activists and elected officials fanned the flames .
Now as the Obama administration enters its second year , these conspiracy theories have led to aggression and violence and an alleged domestic terrorist plot .
Why is anyone surprised ?
The widespread public dualist demonization of scapegoated targets has a sordid and violent history .
It has happened here .
Some fundamentalist Christians portray the government as in league with the Satanic Antichrist in the prophetic End Times .
Christian Apocalypticism and Fundamentalism
An “ apocalypse ” in its simplest generic sense is an approaching struggle between good and evil during which hidden truths are revealed and the course of history is dramatically altered .
Major Protestant denominations , the Catholic Church , and the Orthodox Churches embrace a soft form of Christian apocalyptic expectation , which in many cases refers back to prior historic periods .
Some , though not all , Christian fundamentalists are imbued with heightened apocalyptic expectation about upcoming prophetic events .
Before the Puritans became colonists , “ Protestant apocalyptic tradition envisioned the ultimate sacralization of England as God ’s chosen nation , ” observes Avihu Zakai in Exile and Kingdom .
We tend to forget that the shining “ city upon a hill , ” was a beacon for a patriarchal Protestant theocracy that executed recidivist dissidents .
The goal was to sanctify a new nation as the proper place for the prophesied return of Jesus the Christ .
And the Civil War ?
“ Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord ? ”
See the narrative emerging ?
Apocalyptic stories are an integral part of the American psyche , bleeding from theology into popular culture over the past two centuries : from Moby Dick to High Noon to Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
Hal Lindsey ( with C. C. Carlson ) ignited the fuse of contemporary fundamentalist apocalyptic expectation with The Late Great Planet Earth published in 1970 by Zondervan .
Some 20 - 40 percent of the population of the United States tell pollsters that the biblical prophecies about an End Times battle between Godly Christians and the evil forces of Satan predict actual future history .
About 10 - 15 percent of our neighbors say they hope to see the Second Coming of Jesus Christ in their lifetime .
The numbers vary over time and due to the ways questions are structured .
It is clear , however , that more people are excited by this type of apocalyptic belief than can be explained by counting the actual parishoners sitting in the pews in fundamentalist churches .
Most of these folks , however , are not considering actual criminal acts or violence .
Brenda E. Brasher notes that apocalypticism can be constructive or destructive , pointing to the sustaining “ role of apocalyptic Christianity among African slaves brought to the United States , ” and in the “ anti-slavery abolition movements and the Civil Rights movement . ”
However , if the scapegoated “ other ” is “ constructed as wholly evil , then the ramifications are really horrendous , ” warns Brasher .
“ This is not a disagreement , but a struggle with evil incarnate , so there is no structure for a peaceful reconciliation ” in which “ people are cast in their roles as either enemy or friend and there is no such thing as middle ground , ” Brasher explains , “ In the battle with evil , can you really say you are neutral ? ”
The problem , then , is not Christian fundamentalism or apocalyptic belief per se but with forms of Christianity ( or any religion ) that condone or ignore scapegoating , fundamentalist movements that become totalitarian , or apocalypticism combined with dualistic demonization .
Where can we find this ?
I have a shelf of books published in the past 20 years in which right - wing fundamentalists warn of an impending apocalyptic battle pitting Godly Christians against sinful secular elites , those in favor of government social welfare programs , Muslims , New World Order internationalists seeking global cooperation , people working for peace , abortion providers , sinful homosexuals , and many more named scapegoats .
Militias , Tea Parties , and Right - Wing Populism
Why are there so many angry people ?
The Tea Parties are part of a broad Patriot Movement in the United States cobbled together from several preexisting formations on the political right :
Economic libertarians who worry about big government collectivist tyranny .
Christian Right Conservatives who oppose liberal government social policies
Right - wing apocalyptic Christians who fear a Satanic New World Order
Nebulous conspiracy theorists who fear a secular New World Order
Nationalistic ultra-patriots concerned that US sovereignty is eroding .
Xenophobic anti-immigrant white nationalists who worry about preserving the “ real ” America .
These grievances are interacting in a global economy often eager to accommodate corporate interests .
And now we add in the fact that an economic downturn that has left millions unemployed or underemployed leaving the largely white , middle - class , Republican Tea Party activists scared that they may be kicked down the socioeconomic ladder next ; the election of a “ mixed - race ” self - identified black man as president at a time when the demographics of the country reflect a growing percentage of people of color , all in the context of the unfinished conversation about race in America ; and the disquiet among social conservatives who see abortion and gay rights through the lens of sin and immorality and anguish over the future of the family and traditional gender roles sometimes seen as mandated by God .
Spinning out of this broad Patriot movement that chronically appears throughout US history come armed citizens ’ militias .
The Militia Movement in the United States gained headlines in the mid 1990s .
Like today , this earlier militia activism was part of a right - wing populist surge that ran from the Republican Party on the reform side to organized white supremacist groups on the insurgent side .
This is not one unified movement , but a series of overlapping ones — think of the Olympic symbol of five interlocking rings .
It ’s quite plausible that sectors of the broad Patriot movement can work together on a common project without all of them actually agreeing on anything but stopping the secular liberal conspiracy to enslave America .
The story embraced by the armed militias in the 1990s was that the government of the United States was part of a secret plan to establish a One Word Government as part of building a New World Order .
The debate at the Patriot and militia meetings I attended in the 1990s was whether or not the plot was controlled by the Freemasons , the Skull and Bones Society , the Corporate Elites , the Bilderbergers , or the agents of Satan in the End Times .
Occasionally , someone would pull me aside and whisper that it was actually the Jews .
The ’90s militias are widely seen as part of a right - wing populist revolt against the administration of Democrat Bill Clinton , but it actually began under the administration of Republican George H.W. Bush , who was seen as a cosmopolitan internationalist eager to build the nefarious and tyrannical New World Order .
Today ’s militia activism can be traced in part to the North American Union conspiracy theory that percolated up during the last Bush Administration .
Is Obama the Antichrist or False Prophet ?
Last July the following appeared on a Web post : “ Obama is the false prophet , Javier Solana the Antichrist , add Satan and you have the unholy trinity .
God help us all . ”
Republicans in New Jersey disagree , 29 percent of them think that Obama “ is or might be the Antichrist . ”
Apparently the Hutaree Militia speculated that Javier Solana ( the former Secretary General of NATO and the Secretary - General of the European Union ) was the Antichrist , and that the US government merely played a supporting role in Satan ’s evil End Times gambit .
As Robert C. Fuller observed in his classic Naming the Antichrist : The History of an American Obsession , the candidates for the starring roles vary over time in fundamentalist eschatological analysis .
Some see Islam as the religion of the false prophet , the theological sidekick to the Antichrist .
After 9/11 there was an increase in the demonization of Muslims in some Christian evangelical circles , especially those in which apocalyptic conspiracy theories flourish .
For example , Hal Lindsey joined in the Islam - bashing in 2002 with The Everlasting Hatred : The Roots of Jihad .
Speculation in conspiracy circles that Obama is secretly a Muslim , perhaps born in Kenya , add fuel to this bigoted fire .
Paul S. Boyer , author of When Time Shall Be No More : Prophecy Belief in Modern American Culture , suggests that religious views about biblical prophecy in the United States have “ always had an enormous , if indirect and underrecognized , role [ in ] shaping public policy . ”
If the message of apocalyptic demonization is not clear , try reading one of the novels by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins in their Left Behind series of Christian apocalyptic novels which have sold more than 70 million copies .
Writing in the American Prospect , Gershom Gorenberg blasts the authors because they :
promote conspiracy theories ; they demonize proponents of arms control , ecumenicalism , abortion rights and everyone else disliked by the Christian right ; and they justify assassination as a political tool .
Their anti-Jewishness is exceeded by their anti-Catholicism .
Most basically , they reject the very idea of open , democratic debate .
In the world of Left Behind , there exists a single truth , based on a purportedly literal reading of Scripture ; anyone who disagrees with that truth is deceived or evil .
The main villain of the Left Behind series of books , Gorenberg notes , is “ Nicolae Carpathia , the man who turned the United Nations into a one - world government with himself as dictator , ” on behalf of Satan .
In fact , Carpathia is the dreaded Antichrist .
According to Gorenberg :
Perhaps the most striking scene in the Left Behind series is the climax of book six , The Assassins [ when ]
Carpathia is speaking at a mass rally in Jerusalem .
Out in the crowd is [ underground Christian resistance leader ]
Rayford Steele , armed with a high - tech handgun .
He prays for God ’s guidance , and finds himself firing what appears to be a fatal shot at Carpathia .
Intentionally or not , this is an eerie rewrite of Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin ’s assassination at a Tel Aviv peace rally in 1995 — but the authors are on the side of the fanatic killer .
These types of conspiracy theories swirl through the Tea Party movement and into others on both the Christian and non-Christian Right .
Before his novels , LaHaye wrote a series of books popular in the Christian Right in which he laid out the master plan of the conspiracy of liberal secular humanists .
Big government and collectivism was part of the sinister plan .
LaHaye claims it was Satan who arranged the “ crafty election of Franklin D. Roosevelt as president for twelve years . ”
This was part of a secret conspiracy to turn the “ American Constitution upside - down , ” in order to “ use our freedoms to promote pornography , homosexuality , immorality , and a host of evils characteristic of the last days . ”
LaHaye says the “ Antichrist philosophy already controls America and Europe , ” and that :
We are the only nation that can halt the socialist Marxist enthronement of the UN as THE GLOBAL GOVERNMENT of the world , but it will require a conservative administration and Supreme Court committed to judicially interpreting our nation ’s laws that were originally based on moral biblical principles .
When the Tea Party activists warn that Obama ’s big government policies will lead to totalitarian rule so that Obama is like both Hitler and Stalin , they ’re likely drawing from the writings of free - market economic libertarian Friedrich August von Hayek or those theories as transmogrified by the conspiracist John Birch Society .
When the Tea Party activists warn that Obama ’s health care plan will pull the plug on grandma , they ’re likely drawing from the anti-abortion and anti-euthanasia writings of conservative Christian philosopher Francis Schaeffer or those theories as refracted through the lens of apocalyptic Christian conspiracy theorists such as Tim LaHaye and Pat Robertson .
So while the Tea Party movement and the armed militia movement may not be exactly on the same page , they are torn from the same essay on right - wing populism .
‘ Extreme ’ Demonization
The government has a legitimate law enforcement role in stopping domestic terrorism , though most dissidents on the political right and left are not breaking any laws and are protected by the First Amendment .
The current and volatile right - wing populist movement spans from reform - oriented conservative black Republicans to recruiters for insurgent white supremacist groups , with the Tea Party activists and members of citizens militias falling somewhere between these ideological and methodological poles .
It would be sloppy to lump all of these folks into one undifferentiated mass of potential terrorists .
The word “ extremism , ” which is tossed back and forth by both Republicans and Democrats , is a delegitimizing buzz word used by to demonize dissidents across the political spectrum .
It was used in the 1960s , for example , to imply that the white segregationists and the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. were two sides of the same problem of “ extremism . ”
King addressed being framed in this way in his “ Letter from Birmingham Jail . ”
Today the government uses the tem “ extremism ” to suggest dissident ideas on the right or left place people on a slippery slope toward terrorism .
It ’s time to stop using the term altogether .
The dynamic of widespread political demonization and scapegoating is not a problem for the police to solve .
Religious , political , business , and labor leaders have to find a backbone and demand an end to the demonization of political opponents as traitors out to destroy America .
Republicans need to distance themselves from conspiracist demagoguery and accept some moral responsibility for the nasty polarization in our society while Democrats must stop dismissing the angry right - wing populists in the Tea Party movement as ignorant and crazy .
All of us need to stand up and call for a vigorous , thoughtful , and even raucous national debate over public policy while opposing all forms of demonization and scapegoating as toxic to democracy .
I just finished William Poundstone 's Priceless : The Myth of Fair Value ( and How to Take Advantage of It ) , a popular book on the history and present state of the art in analyzing how people arrive at prices ( Poundstone 's publisher , Hill and Wang , were kind enough to send this along ) .
As with other behavioral economics texts , Poundstone is setting out to demonstrate how our own cognitive blindspots cause us to behave irrationally , and how this pervasive irrationality has more to do with the price of goods than any " rational consumer " ( as posited in the traditional economic model ) .
Poundstone liberally cites the greats of the field , notably , Dan " Predictably Irrational " Ariely , but even if you 've read other recent books on the subject , Poundstone 's book brings some new material to the discussion .
First , Poundstone 's treatment of the history of behavioral economics is both funny and fascinating , a kind of counterpoint to the history set out in Myth of the Rational Market .
The mavericks who set out to investigate the ways in which we are both a ) weird , and b ) ignorant of how weird we are , were themselves very weird in an enormously entertaining way .
Poundstone 's subtitle hints that there will be some kind of Dale - Carnegie - style set of tips and tricks for exploiting pricing weirdness , or at least not falling prey to them .
And there are a few of these — such as taking the time to seriously set out all the reasons an item is n't worth the price you 're considering — but by and large , the book 's cautionary tales about how bad we are at understanding our own irrationality are the best tool of all .
As Poundstone reiterates throughout the book , experimental subjects , high - priced corporate clients , and friends and relatives just do n't believe that their idea of a fair price can be reliably moved by exposing them to random numbers prior to negotiation ( high numbers make us willing to accept high prices ; low numbers , low prices ) , even when they 've just participated in an experiment showing them exactly that .
Poundstone 's explanations make sense of everything from flat - rate mobile phone pricing to packaged goods box - sizes to the insane complexity of those same " simple " flat - rate phone plans .
He goes a long way to explaining the way that prices ending in 9s are oddly attractive , and to showing up the dirty tricks involved in rebate pricing and other tricks of the price - gun .
In some ways , Poundstone 's thesis — we make irrational purchases all the time — should be self - evident .
After all , advertisers have spent a century extolling irrational cases for buying their products ( what do cowboys have to do with Marlboros ? ) , even as they argued to regulators that everyone who bought a harmful or overpriced product did so on the basis of their rational free will .
But the pervasive game - theory story of rational actors acting rationally on the micro , macro and intermediate scales persists , and more importantly , it guides our policy - making and our economic thinking .
I do n't think we 're always irrational .
But I think that we probably spend as much time kidding ourselves , misremembering , mispredicting , and misapprehending , as we do accurately gauging the circumstances and behaving accordingly .
I think that our social system has long favored those who understand how to exploit cognitive failures , and that the subtle evolutionary pressure has created a world where the opportunities to be fooled in ways big and small are nearly everywhere .
Priceless : The Myth of Fair Value ( and How to Take Advantage of It )
WASHINGTON — Speaker Nancy Pelosi mobilized House Democrats on Friday for a final effort to pass an overhaul of health care , predicting approval in the next 10 days with help from President Obama , who delayed a trip abroad to try to win over wavering Democrats .
The White House said Mr. Obama would begin his trip to Indonesia and Australia a week from Sunday , three days later than scheduled , allowing him to be on hand for what is shaping up as the pivotal period for his top domestic initiative .
Mr. Obama will travel to Ohio on Monday to push for passage .
But even as the yearlong battle hurtled toward a conclusion , approval of the bill was hardly certain , so lawmakers were preparing for a week of arm - twisting and high drama .
Although they have been debating the issue for a year , some House Democrats said Friday that they could not say how they would vote because they had not seen the final text of the legislation or an official estimate of its cost .
Some issues that could swing blocs of votes , like insurance coverage for abortions , remain unresolved .
House Democratic leaders said they had suspended their efforts to reach a compromise with party members who oppose abortion and the use of federal money to subsidize insurance that includes coverage of the procedure .
That could cost them the votes of some House Democrats who supported the health care bill in the fall after it was amended to impose tight restrictions on abortion coverage .
Tuesday February 23 , 2010
The Apache Software Foundation Announces the 15th Anniversary of the Apache HTTP Web Server
ASF Flagship Project is World 's Most Popular Web Server , Powering More than 112 Million Websites
FOREST HILL , MD , 23 February , 2010 -- The Apache Software Foundation ( ASF ) -- developers , stewards , and incubators of 138 Open Source projects -- today announced the 15th anniversary of the Apache HTTP Web Server .
The ASF 's first project became the world 's most popular Web server software within the first six months of its inception .
The Apache HTTP Server today powers nearly 112 million Websites world - wide .
A triumph for the all - volunteer Foundation , the Apache HTTP Server reliably delivers petabytes of data across the world ’s most demanding uses , including real - time news sources , Fortune 100 enterprise portals , cloud computing clusters , financial services platforms , mission - critical military intelligence applications , aerospace communications networks , and more .
The server software can be downloaded , modified and installed by anyone free of charge .
History
The Apache Server started as a fork ( an independent development stream )
of the NCSA httpd , a Web server created by Rob McCool at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications .
Further development to the server ceased after McCool 's departure from NCSA in 1994 , so an online community of individuals was formed to support and enhance its software via email collaboration .
The founding members of that community ( the Apache Group ) included Brian Behlendorf , Roy Fielding , Rob Hartill , David Robinson , Cliff Skolnick , Randy Terbush , Robert Thau , and Andrew Wilson .
Within less than a year of the Apache Group 's formation , the Apache server surpassed NCSA httpd as the # 1 server on the Internet .
In March 1999 , members of the Apache Group formed The Apache Software Foundation to provide organizational , legal , and financial support for the Apache HTTP Server .
An additional goal for the Foundation was to serve as a neutral , trusted platform for the development of community - driven software .
Growth , the " Apache Way "
Beyond the Apache HTTP Server , dozens of ASF projects – from build tools to Web services to cloud computing and more – lead the way in Open Source technology .
At the ASF , community plays a vital role in the collaborative development of consensus - driven , enterprise - grade solutions .
The number of projects led by the Apache community has grown from the singular Apache HTTP Server at the ASF 's inception in 1999 to nearly 140 projects today .
The ASF 's commitment to fostering a collaborative approach to development has long served as a model for producing consistently high quality software and helping advance the future of open development .
Through its leadership , robust community , and meritocratic process known as the " Apache Way " , the ASF continues to gain recognition as one of the most successful influencers in Open Source .
Through the Apache Way , the ASF is able to spearhead new projects that meet the demands of the marketplace and help users achieve their business goals .
With the Apache Incubator mentoring more projects than ever before , the ASF continues to meet the growing demand for quality Open Source products .
" Community Over Code " : among the Foundation 's core tenets is open collaboration through respectful , honest , technically - focused interaction .
The ASF 's success is testament to its outstanding community efforts that serve as best practices widely embraced by organizations and individuals alike .
" If it did n't happen on - list , it did n't happen " : building upon the transparency - oriented culture of the Apache Group , whose collaboration took place on email lists , millions of messages are archived on Apache publicly - accessible mailing lists , documenting the ASF 's achievements over the past decade .
" Meritocracy in Action " : the ASF 's tagline reflects an average of 10,000 code contributions ( commits ) made each month .
The ASF is responsible for millions of lines of code by more than 2,000 ASF Committers and countless contributors across the Open Source landscape .
Nearly 500 community - driven modules have been developed to extend functionality of the Apache HTTP Server alone .
Milestones
February 23 , 1994 : Individual patch authors around the world are invited to join the " new - httpd " mailing list to discuss enhancements and future releases of NCSA httpd .
The Apache name was chosen for this new effort within the first few days of discussion , along with basic rules for email - based collaboration and a mission to replace the existing server with a standards - based , open source , and extensible software system .
March 15 , 1994 : Apache - style voting created ( +1 , 0 , - 1 ; with ' - 1 ' meaning ' no ' , ' 0 ' meaning ' neutral ' , and ' +1 ' meaning ' yes . ' )
March 18 , 1994 : First Apache Group release ( Apache 0.2 )
Apache server v.1.0 was released in December 1995 .
Four years later , Apache HTTP Server v.1.3.0 was released , and rapidly becoming the most popular Web server on the planet .
Apache HTTP
Server v.2.0 alpha was released in March 2000 , with the first general availability release two years later .
V.2.0 remained best - of - breed sever until the release of v.2.2.0 in December 2005 , and is widely deployed across the Internet .
In February 2009 , the Apache HTTP Server became the first Web server software in history to surpass the 100 million Website milestone .
The most current , best - of - breed , stable version of the Apache HTTP Server is v.2.2.14 , released September 2009 .
Developers seeking to test new features and preview what will become stable Version 2.4 are able to do so today with the development of v.2.3.5 .
Earlier this month , after ten years and more than forty revisions , the Apache HTTP Server v.1.3.x officially reached end of life status with the release of v.1.3.42 .
Future patches to v.1.3.x will be for critical security updates only .
The Apache HTTP Server remains the world 's most beloved Web server , forming the backbone of nearly 70 % of all sites on the Internet .
Availability
The Apache HTTP Server is available for a variety of operating systems , including Unix , Linux , GNU , FreeBSD , Netware , Solaris , Windows , Mac OS X , OS /2 , TPF , and eCS .
In addition , the Apache HTTP Server is redistributed through many proprietary software packages such as WebSphere , Oracle RDBMS , Kylix , NetWare , and Delphi , as well as numerous Linux distributions .
All ASF projects , including the Apache HTTP Server , are available free of charge under the Apache Software License v.2.0 .
To download , or for more information , visit http://httpd.apache.org/
About The Apache Software Foundation ( ASF )
Established in 1999 , the all - volunteer Foundation oversees more than seventy leading Open Source projects , including Apache HTTP Server — the world 's most popular Web server software .
Through The ASF 's meritocratic process known as " The Apache Way , " more than 300 individual Members and 2,000 Committers successfully collaborate to develop freely available enterprise - grade software , benefiting millions of users worldwide : thousands of software solutions are distributed under the Apache License ; and the community actively participates in ASF mailing lists , mentoring initiatives , and ApacheCon , the Foundation 's official user conference , trainings , and expo .
The ASF is funded by individual donations and corporate sponsors including Facebook , Google , HP , Microsoft , Progress Software , SpringSource , and Yahoo !
For more information , visit http://www.apache.org/.
# # #
Posted at 02:00 PM Feb 23 , 2010 by Sally in Milestones | |
Job loss .
A lay off .
Fraud .
Getting fired .
Robbery .
Legal Issues .
Credit card debt .
In a moment , any of these instantaneous events can shatter your financial plan .
At times these events do not come alone , but they come in groups – event after event .
Unfortunately , life is filled with disappointment , frustration , and surprise .
So what do you do when you get the pink slip ?
How do you wade through a series of financial failures ?
Remember this quote during a family financial meltdown .
Nerves wear thin and perspective is tainted .
If couples do not proceed with caution , there might be even more losses ( in addition to financial losses ) on the way .
Talk openly , communicate , and set goals Financial difficulty brings a slew of questions :
What are we going to do now ?
How will we pay the bills ?
What if “ x ” happens ?
While all these questions are buzzing around , talk with your spouse and communicate .
Decide on a direction you both support and start looking forward .
Commit to moving through the process together , not alone .
Prioritize together by asking “ What is most important to you ? ”
What things do you value the most ?
What people do you need around you ?
If I lost “ x ” , things would be even worse .
Write the items in a list .
For example , food , household , transport …
Take your very first dollar and apply it to # 1 on your list .
Go in order no matter how loudly someone else says they need to get paid .
If you are not budgeting you need to start .
Here are some free budget worksheets to help .
In case you find it helpful , here is a sneak peak into how my family budgets .
Switch to survival mode Bring in the spending tsar who reduces spending to absolute necessities .
I suggest you write your needs list and then cut out half the stuff .
This is the time to get the most mileage out of every single dollar .
While your life might feel completely out of control this is still one area you can control .
Spend carefully and intentionally .
This might be a good time to sell your stuff on ebay .
Acknowledge emotions
You will experience a bunch of emotions from bitterness to guilt to frustration .
The emotions will impact your relationship with your spouse , your children , your extended family , your friends , and your faith .
Did I miss anything ?
You may be tempted to lash out to find a place to release your frustration .
When you talk about your emotions , use phrases like , “ I feel … ” This makes others less defensive .
Avoid blame
At this point , once things are damaged , it is not the time to figure out who is to blame .
This will only serve to push your spouse away .
Your frayed nerves will do more damage than good if you let them run rampant .
There will be a time for reflection and debriefing , but in the midst of the chaos you will do more harm than good if you start to play the blame game .
Accept help Accepting help is difficult because of one reason – pride .
Perhaps you will have a new favorite Bible verse “ It is better to give than receive . ”
God may once again put you in the position of the giver , but for now this might just be your time to receive .
Standing together is a function of community , and in this case standing alone is a sign of selfishness .
Minimize pressure
If you allow it , financial concern can completely consume you .
Schedule time in your day to focus your energy on other chores or tasks .
Removing yourself from the worry and strain will help remove the burden .
Turn to your faith
When the world seems to be falling apart you will need a Rock upon which to stand .
Continue or begin a habit of daily devotionals and seek the will and presence of God .
( Check out these encouraging bible verses . )
Count your blessings
Yes , count your blessings .
Things may be bad , or awful , or even horrible .
But are there probably still many blessings in your life ?
Focusing solely on the problems and your lack of stuff will only cause depression .
Remember that around every corner there is a blessing , if you are looking for it .
Do n’t be afraid to dream
If you have just lost a job , this is a great chance to dream .
What am I passionate about doing ?
What have I always wanted to try ?
This crisis might simply be a hidden opportunity .
Look ahead and have some direction .
The time may be right for turning a hobby into a business or even trying a new way to make money .
Just be sure to ask the right questions to reduce risk .
Journal
These circumstances might just be the greatest blessing in your life ( in a few years ) .
Journaling helps learn all the important lessons that the school of life is trying to teach .
If hindsight is 20 / 20 , do n’t you want to have a chronicle that details exactly what was going on and exactly how the problem was resolved ?
Advertisement
If you like to write but lack confidence in your skills , Paper Rater is a a free , web - based service that analyzes your writing and offers feedback on your grammar , spelling , and more .
Paper Rater could n't be easier to use .
Just paste in the text you want analyzed , choose what type of content it is — essay , research paper , speech , etc. — and submit it for review .
Within seconds , Paper Rater generates a report that analyzes several aspects of your submission .
Advertisement
Naturally , the app takes a look at grammar and spelling , but it also gives feedback on your writing style and choice of words .
To get suggestions on word or phrasing replacement , just right click on the highlighted words .
Paper Rater also detects plagiarism by comparing the content you submit with published online content to see if there are any similarities .
This feature can be overridden by simply flagging passages with the proper citations .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Paper Rater is a solid tool for double - checking your work as you prepare your next speech or presentation .
What tools do you rely on to hone your writing skills ?
Share in the comments .
Paper Rater [ via Download Squad ]
EPCOR , the water utility company that runs the fountains up in Edmonton , Canada released this graph yesterday .
It ’s water consumption during the Olympic gold medal hockey game , overlaying consumption of the previous day .
How much do Canadians love their hockey ?
A lot .
The first period ends .
Time to pee .
The second period ends .
Time to pee .
The third period ends .
Time to pee .
Consumption goes way down when Canada wins and during the medal ceremony .
Finally , when it ’s all said and done , the rest of the country can relieve itself , figuratively and literally .
[ via contrarian | thanks , @statpumpkin ]
Überraschungen in der Tiefe Magnetfeld - Karte entblößt Deutschlands Untergrund
So haben Sie Deutschland noch nie gesehen : Eine spektakuläre Karte verrät Bodenschätze , Magmaschlote , GPS - Störquellen und die bewegte Vergangenheit unseres Landes .
Zu sehen ist auch die Naht der ersten Vereinigung der Nation .
SPIEGEL ONLINE zeigt den faszinierenden Untergrund - Atlas .
Embroidery Quilter provides superior quality Machine Embroidery Quilt Designs , supplies and services online .
We have just about everything for embroidery quilting , from Quilting Supplies to Quilt Embroidery .
We offer a wide range of designs , patterns and Quilting Supplies to add color and spark from the simplest to most complex quilt project .
Visit us for an exclusive collection of kits to create beautifully designed Embroidery Quilts in pretty colors and matchless designs .
We offer an amazing range of Embroidery Quilting Designs as well as traditional machine embroidery including appliqué , cross stitch , free standing lace ( FSL ) , vintage embroidery , filled design , redwork , colorwork , cutwork , hardanger , candlewick , etc .
Embroidery Quilter is committed to bringing you high quality supplies and Machine Embroidery Quilt Designs .
We offer instant electronic delivery so you can download your order directly from the site after you buy and you can also order backups on CDs or flash drives .
We are glad to give you an assurance of high quality , vast variety and efficient customer service for your stitching pleasure .
It 's time to enter our beautiful world of Embroidery and start Making Quilts !
Welcome !
I do n’t know why but Google seems to go out of its way to make sure that you lose money when advertising on their Adwords platform .
Not only is the interface overly complicated but there are so many bells and whistles that even experienced advertisers can get confused .
It also does n’t help that Google offers “ free consultations ” to show new users how to waste even more money than they could on their own .
In fact , convincing my students how to use Adwords the right way for a small business has been challenging because much of what I teach goes directly against Google ’s “ automated ” advice .
Anyway today , I ’m going to provide a Google Adwords tutorial on what not to do and discuss the common mistakes that new users make .
In addition , I ’ll present some real data from student shops in regards to an inexpensive Adwords service that I ’ve been evaluating for the past several months .
Get My Free Mini Course On How To Start A Successful Ecommerce Business
Learning on how to advertise online is just one of many steps in starting a successful ecommerce business .
So I put together a comprehensive package of resources that will help you launch your own online store from complete scratch .
Be sure to grab it before you leave !
Click Here To Download
Mistake # 1 : Listening To Google ’s Recommendations
First , let ’s cross off the most common Google Adwords mistake that almost ALL newbies make .
Never ever listen to Google ’s bidding advice ….ever !!.
Their suggestions will only lead you to spend more money on their platform without taking conversions into account .
One time , I spent an hour coaching one of my early Create A Profitable Online Store students on how to run profitable ads using a slow , methodical bidding strategy .
And after we got off
Skype , I felt confident that he knew what to do .
But as soon as he signed up for Adwords , he got a call from a Google employee offering him a “ free consultation ” .
Wow !
Someone who works at Google offering free advice ?
Sign me up !
So instead of listening to what I taught him , he went ahead and had Google setup his account and run his ad campaigns .
Well guess what ?
Google blew through over $ 250 in a single day ( $ 100 of this was free credit from Google ) with zero conversions !
And when he complained to Google , they reassured him that they needed to gather a lot more data in order to make his ads profitable .
Two weeks later , he was out almost $ 1000 with no conversions to show for it .
Another two weeks later , he had burned through almost $ 2000 with only a single sale !
Now imagine launching a brand new online store with a limited budget and burning through thousands of dollars in a such a short period of time !
It sucks !
Google ’s Advice Is Not Meant For Small Businesses
By the time he told me what happened , it was already too late .
But I did have the opportunity to take a look at how they had setup his account .
First off , Google went all out with the Google Display Network and paid top dollar to place ads on popular blogs and apps .
For all of you who are unfamiliar with Google Display Ads , ads on the Google Display Network show up as banner ads on popular blogs , android apps and other applications across the web .
Traditionally , it is very difficult to make GDN ads profitable because it takes a lot of money and trial and error to figure out what and where to run your ads .
I definitely do n’t recommend it for beginners .
Anyway , his average cost per click was somewhere in the neighborhood of $ 1 per click and they set up over 20 ad groups .
The end result was that the display network ate up hundreds dollars per day very quickly with no sales .
In terms of search ads , the Google consultant chose to go all out and purchased a variety of “ broad match ” keywords to bid on that were all over the place .
But here ’s the kicker .
They pointed the majority of the ads to his “ About Us ” page instead of his product category pages !
Anyway , the upshot of all of this is that …
You should avoid letting a Google consultant run your campaigns
letting a Google consultant run your campaigns
You should avoid running ads on the Google Display Network early on
running ads on the Google Display Network early on You should avoid using a lot of broad match keywords if you have a limited budget
Their tactics may work for large corporations but definitely not for smaller stores with limited budgets .
Mistake # 2 : Using Google Adwords Express And Letting Google Manage Everything
I had another student try to take the “ easy way out ” by signing up for Google Adwords Express .
For all of you who are unfamiliar with this program , Google Adwords Express promises to manage all of your ads “ without the need for daily management or tasks ” .
Wow !
Sounds great !
Google manages everything for me and all I have to do is sit back and relax !
As always , when something sounds too good to be true , it usually is .
First off , Google Adwords Express ads are always set up to use “ Broad Match ” keywords which means that you ’ll get a lot of garbage queries to your site .
Second of all , there is no option to add “ negative keywords ” which means you can’t filter out the bad search terms from your campaigns .
And finally , there ’s limited conversion tracking with Adwords Express which makes it almost impossible to run an effective ad campaign .
Bottom line , avoid Google Adwords Express at all costs !
Mistake # 3 : Blaming Adwords When Your Website Sucks
Perhaps the most important rule of Google Adwords is to always blame your website first when you are n’t making sales .
Here ’s what I ’ve discovered while teaching my class for the past 5 years .
Whenever someone follows my Adwords strategies but ca n’t get Adwords to work , 9 times out of 10 it ’s their website that is crappy and not the traffic .
When you are first starting out on Adwords , you should ONLY bid on your targeted keywords using “ exact match ” .
If you ca n’t make a sale on your website with “ exact match ” keywords with at least a 2 % conversion rate , there ’s something wrong with your site .
It could be your value proposition .
It could be the lack of trust .
It could be your lack of selection .
If your conversion rates suck , my advice is to install a tool like HotJar to figure out how people are browsing your site and look for hotspots .
Make sure that you have an attractive design that inspires trust in your customers and clearly outlines your unique value proposition .
For more information on how to create a high converting website , please refer to my post on The Exact Steps I Took To Increase Conversion Rates 42 % For My Online Shop
If You Still Ca n’t Figure Out Adwords , Try This …
Now that I ’ve pointed out the gross newbie mistakes and totally scared you off the Adwords platform , I wanted to talk about a cool solution that I recently discovered to make Adwords much easier to use .
First off , if you do n’t have the desire to deal with Adwords at all , you have a few options .
One , you can avoid running Adwords campaigns altogether and miss out on an incredible channel for sales .
Two , you can hire a consultant , pay a monthly fee and leave your ad campaigns and your credit card in the hands of a complete stranger .
For me personally , I always run my own ads because I want to preserve my margins .
Consultants are expensive and can quickly eat into your profits .
Here ’s a quick and dirty example to put things in perspective .
Let ’s say you have a 50 % margin on your products .
This means that you need at least a 2X return on ad spend just to break even .
If your margins are 33 % , then you need a 3X return .
Any additional fees spent on a consultant can majorly eat into your bottom line .
But what if you could pay someone a fixed monthly fee to drive targeted traffic to your site on the order of pennies per click ?
What if you did n’t have to learn how to use Adwords at all and have someone do everything for you for one low flat monthly rate ?
I was pretty skeptical that this was possible until I evaluated Storeya ’s Traffic Booster service .
Enter The StoreYa Traffic Booster
First off , I want to say that this service is not for everyone and your results may vary .
But for 2 out of the 3 student websites I tried it on , it worked quite well .
For just $ 25 , Store Ya will drive 500 - 1000 targeted leads using Adwords to your site .
Note : Storeya ’s normal plan costs $ 44.99 for up to 500 visits but they are offering a special $ 25 plan for up to 1000 visits for MyWifeQuitHerJob.com readers to try .
If you do the math , that works out to 5 - 10 cents per visitor !
If your site converts at just 1 % , that means you ’d get 5 - 10 sales for just $ 25 !
Here ’s how it works .
First , you have to sign up for Storeya ’s Traffic Booster Service
Storeya will then ask you to specify your website URL and to place an Adwords conversion pixel on your site .
They will then scrape your site for the most optimal keywords and start running Adwords campaigns using THEIR account .
In other words , you do n’t even need an Adwords account to use their service .
Sound too good to be true ?
Admittedly , my bs - o - meter starting buzzing when I heard this because I rarely get 5 - 10 cent clicks on any of my Adwords campaigns .
But curiosity got the best of me so I reached out to StoreYa ’s founders and arranged to have free accounts created for 3 lucky students in my class as a case study .
Below are their results with StoreYa ’s Traffic Booster Service .
SunnyDecals.com
Sunny Decals is an ecommerce store that sells wall decals online and it ’s run by one of my students named Ron .
You can check out his store here
For Sunny Decals , the Storeya Traffic Booster Service generated 3 conversions based on 273 clicks which is roughly a 1 % conversion rate .
The average order value was roughly $ 30 which means that Ron would have spent $ 25 to make $ 90 .
Because his margins are north of 66 % , this campaign was definitely profitable .
Note : A reader pointed out that the $ 25 cost is only for the first month .
The plan that Ron was on would normally cost $ 44.99 / month for up to 500 visits .
At his margins , the campaign was still profitable .
Your results with Store Ya will depend on your site quality and your margins .
Right now , he is paying for a regular priced plan .
I see value in the product .
Traffic was less than estimated but they successfully chose good traffic and it ’s something that I ’d be interested in continuing
CamoEverAfter.com
CamoEverAfter.com is an ecommerce store run by my student Yvette that sells camo wedding rings online .
You can check out her store here
For CamoEverAfter , Storeya generated 2 conversions based on 826 visits which is a .25 % conversion rate .
Now on the surface , this conversion rate is horrible .
But here ’s the thing .
Those 2 sales generated $ 442 in revenue .
And at their current margins , their profits greatly exceeded the $ 25 they would have paid Storeya for the plan .
MamooKids.com
Finally , I also had Storeya drive traffic to Mamoo Kids which is a student store that sells kids messenger bags .
You can check out her store here
Unfortunately for this store , Storeya generated no conversions at all .
When I asked Storeya for possible reasons why , they told me that …
Their bidding algorithm tends to work better with stores that have larger selections of product .
MamooKids only sells a small number of items
with stores that have larger selections of product .
MamooKids only sells a small number of items
They needed some more time to optimize the campaigns .
The longer you allow them to drive traffic , the better their ads become because they can refine their keyword terms .
Conclusion
The Store Ya traffic booster may not work for all stores , but at only $ 25 for 500 - 1000 clicks , it ’s risk free to give it a try .
( Note : this price is only for MyWifeQuitHerJob readers )
And in the event that their tool is profitable , it becomes a no brainer to max out your account .
To this day , I ’m still amazed at how they can drive traffic so cheaply so I took a peek under the hood using some Adwords keyword spy tools .
It turns out that Storeya is able to generate cheap traffic because their software picks extremely long tail keywords to bid on at a very low cost .
If you were to try to do this on your own , it would be super tedious .
But their software allows the bidding to all be automated .
Give it a try to see if it works for your shop !
If the traffic they are sending is profitable , then stick with it .
If it does n’t convert , then cancel .
You have nothing to lose and $ 25 is worth a test .
Click here to try the Store Ya traffic booster for only $ 25
photo credit : Exeter near Moss Vale .
Old store now an antiques centre .
frustration - 1081
Ready To Get Serious About Starting An Online Business ?
If you are really considering starting your own online business , then you have to check out my free mini course on How To Create A Niche Online Store In 5 Easy Steps .
In this 6 day mini course , I reveal the steps that my wife and I took to earn 100 thousand dollars in the span of just a year .
Best of all , it 's free and you 'll receive weekly ecommerce tips and strategies !
Note :
This post above may contain affiliate links , which means that I may receive a commission if you make a purchase when clicking a link .
Please consult our privacy policy for more information .
Have you read these ?
The Stephens Island Wren has a rare place in ecological history .
Not only was it one of only three flightless songbirds in the world , it also holds the distinction of being the only known species on Earth to be entirely wiped out by a single being .
Stephens Island
Stephens Island , or Takapourewa to the Maori , covers an area of 2.6 k m2 ( 1mi2 ) and is the most distant island off the northern tip of New Zealand 's South Island .
Named in honour of Admiralty Secretary Philip Stephens by Captain James Cook , the island was located on a shipping route and hence deemed an appropriate place to build a lighthouse .
So , in 1894 , Stephens Light became the residence of one Mr David Lyall .
Tibbles the Cat
A companion to Lyall , the lighthouse keeper , Tibbles the cat soon made Stephens Island her home and hunting ground during 1894 .
It was not long before she was presenting her master with gifts of local wildlife — in particular , a small bird which was unlike any that Lyall had ever seen .
After Tibbles brought him a handful of the birds , Lyall shared his find with a Mr Henry Travers of Wellington .
Eleven of the birds were brought to Lyall by Tibbles in almost pristine condition , as she seemed to enjoy the act of the chase and the kill rather than eating the birds .
The discovery quickly found its way to Sir Walter Buller , New Zealand 's ornithological expert at the time .
A duly excited Buller reported the find to the British Ornithologists ' Club in London after classifying the bird as a member of the wren family .
Due to Tibbles ' expert mousing skills ( or indeed , ' birding ' skills ) , the wren colony on Stephens Island , perhaps a total of ten mating pairs , was extinct within the year of discovery .
In fact , so successful was Tibbles in her apparent genocide that the Christchurch Press reported in 1895 that :
... there is very good reason to believe that the bird is no longer to be found on this island , as it is not known to exist anywhere else , it has apparently become quite extinct .
This is probably a record performance in the way of extermination .
The lighthouse cat had possibly single - handedly ( or paw - edly , if you prefer ) disposed of the bird , a feat exasperating in its seemingly senseless execution .
Buller himself stated in 1905 that :
... it would be as well if the Marine Department , in sending lighthouse keepers to isolated islands where interesting specimens of native birds are known or believed to exist , were to see that they are not allowed to take any cats with them , even if mouse - traps have to be furnished at the cost of the state .
The ' Lyall ' Wren
The wrens that made up Tibbles ' nighttime entertainment were , before becoming extinct like the Dodo of Mauritius , thought to have originated from a time when Australia and Antarctica made up the ancient landmass known as Gondwanaland .
The Stephens Island Wrens ( Latin name : Xenicus ( Traversia ) lyalli , sometimes referred to as the ' Lyall ' wren ) were typical of most New Zealand wrens .
With a mottled dark - olive appearance and yellow - green tinge to the throat and breast , they were very small and also flightless , like their cousins the kiwi and kakapo .
Nocturnal birds , the wrens made their nests in holes or under rocks , much like the puffin , and fed upon small insects .
Seen to scamper about at night , much like a mouse , this is perhaps why Tibbles was so keen on hunting them down .
It is also interesting to note there is a British tradition of ' hunting the wren ' performed , coincidentally , on St Stephen 's Day .
Legend has it that when St Stephen was hiding from his enemies in a bush , he was betrayed by the chattering of a wren and thus captured and stoned to death .
For this reason , on St Stephen 's Day groups of young men would go out and hunt wrens and then parade their kills around their village hoping that good luck would befall them , or at least a palm crossed with silver or gold for their ' bravery ' .
Perhaps Tibbles was thinking her actions would bring good luck to the island , or maybe the small birds were unwittingly named after European wrens in honour of this custom .
In Memoriam
From fossilised remains found all over New Zealand , proof was obtained of the species once inhabiting the entire country .
It was most likely killed off on the mainland by rats introduced by the Maori and other ground - based predators .
Some of the wrens caught by Tibbles and later preserved can be seen at the British Museum .
Although pretty to look at , it is more saddening that their song will never be heard .
1951 : For the first time , television viewers witness the live detonation of an atomic bomb blast , as KTLA in Los Angeles broadcasts the blinding light produced by a nuclear device dropped on Frenchman Flats , Nevada .
One of a hundred above - ground nuclear tests conducted between 1951 and 1962 in the Nevada desert , the A - bomb telecast found its way into the history books ( and blogs ) when cameramen secretly positioned on top of a Las Vegas hotel focused on the blast .
The images were relayed to the station ’s transmitter on Mount Wilson Observatory about 200 miles away , and early - bird viewers saw their television screens fill with white light at 5:30 in the morning .
Witnessing the blast telecast first - hand was KTLA reporter Stan Chambers .
In a YouTube interview , Chambers described how station manager Klaus Landsberg pulled off the unauthorized broadcast .
“ We could n’t get near the field , because it was all top secret .
Klaus sent a crew to Las Vegas and put them on top of one of the hotels … .
They kept the camera open for the flash of light that would come on when the blast went off . ”
Los Angeles viewers tuned in for the one - off event .
“ We had a rating that was very large for 5:30 in the morning , ” Chambers recalled .
In the pre-videotape era , there were of course no replays as newsmen Gil Martin , anchoring from Las Vegas , and station staffer Robin Lane at Mount Wilson reported the incident .
Chambers continued :
We stayed on the air , they waited for the right time , and all of a sudden there was the flash .
The people watched it , Gil described it , Lane talked about it , and that was our telecast .
That one flash .
You just see this blinding white light .
It did n’t seem real .
We did n’t have videotape .
You could n’t say , “ Let ’s look at it again . ”
1951 ’s Ranger Easy bomb was designed to test compression against critical mass in the Demon core , so - called because the plutonium mass became unstable and caused the radiation - poisoning death of a Los Alamos scientist .
A B -50 bomber plane dropped the test weapon above the Nevada Test Site about 65 miles northwest of Las Vegas .
Part of the Department of Energy ’s Operation Ranger program , “ Easy ” delivered a 1 - kiloton payload .
In the decade that followed Operation Ranger , A - bomb tests from Buster - Jangle , Tumbler - Snapper , Upshot - Knothole , Plumbbob , Nougat , Sunbeam and other programs became so commonplace that watching mushroom clouds turned into a Las Vegas tourist attraction .
In 1952 , KTLA set up the first live , national feed for a Nevada atomic bomb explosion .
That one was carried by the major networks .
Source : Various
Photo : The Buster Easy atomic test blast at the Nevada test site took place later in 1951 , on Nov. 5 .
Courtesy Archive.org
See Also :
G - Switch
G - Switch is a different type of flash game .
There are no enemies to kill , bullets to dodge , or guns .
The concept is simultaneously simple , challenging , and incredibly addictive .
The object of the game is to simply guide your character , a running man , across the field of play .
The trick to the game is that every time the character jumps gravity is reversed .
Since there are many gaps in the runway knowing when to switch gravity is the key to winning the game .
While the game play sounds simple , the courses are incredibly challenging and addictive .
The graphics for G - Switch are simple but effective .
Most things from the running man to the back ground are various shades of blue , which for some reason seems to fit the theme perfectly .
As the game progresses an incredible feeling of speed and urgency is created by the increasing speed at which the character must run .
This feeling is heightened by the multiple layers of scrolling background which creates a feeling of even more speed .
G - Switch has a very effective sound track and sound effects .
The music is very fast tempo and suits the frantic pace of the game very well .
The sound effects are simple and understated which is appropriate for the game , and they do n’t distract the players attention from the goal of completing the track .
There are frequent save points which allow the character to restart the game at that point upon death , so that the player is not forced to begin all over again .
This is a great feature as it allows the player to be challenged but not frustrated by endless repetition of already conquered areas .
Play G - Switch >>
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Red Bull Racing has revealed that Sebastian Vettel 's chances of winning the Bahrain Grand Prix were hit by an engine problem , and not by an issue with the exhaust as the team initially reported .
Vettel was leading the event from Ferrari drivers Fernando Alonso and Felipe Massa when he reported a loss of power in his Renault engine .
Although the team initially believed the problem was in the exhaust , further analysis has revealed that in fact it was an eletrical problem with the engine , caused by a faulty spark plug .
The team said , however , that there had been no damage to the unit .
After the problem , Vettel dropped three places and finished the race in fourth position while Ferrari went on to score a one - two .
SIX thousand trees have been cut down at a beauty spot on the outskirts of Darwen after a health and safety survey .
A 12 - hectare site beside the A666 near the Green Arms Road junction has been cleared in the last month by United Utilities .
And police and councillors said the felling programme would have the added benefit of discouraging strangers from meeting up for sex at the known ' dogging ' hotspot .
To minimise the impact on the local wildlife , park rangers carried out the felling outside the bird breeding season .
And wildlife from the 20 - metre strip where the tree felling took place would move to the wood behind , the firm said .
United Utilities stressed that those cut down were commercial trees .
A spokesman for United Utilities said : “ They were old and at risk of falling into the road causing an accident .
“ Following a health and safety survey , a license was applied for and granted through the Forestry Commission to fell them .
“ We are re-planting the area with natural broad leaf trees . "
Sergeant Mark Wilson of Darwen Neighbourhood
Policing team , said the tree felling would help reduce incidents of ' dogging ' .
He said : “ It ’s an on - going problem and very worrying for members of the public .
“ It ’s far too early to tell if cutting the trees back has had any impact on the dogging situation , but we ’ll be paying regular attention to the area . ”
Ward councillor Jean Rigby , who is also chair of the West Pennine Moors area management committee , said the trees were planted after the Second World War .
She said : " The area will be replanted with native species that in 20 years , people will see the benefit of .
“ I ’m more than happy that this management is being carried out , and it has a double whammy in terms of the sexual behaviour .
“ I ’ve heard anecdotally that since the trees have been cleared , it ’s quietened down a lot . ”
Coun Colin Rigby said : “ It ’s essential work that United Utilities are carrying out , and cutting the trees back also works as a deterrent to people who go dogging . ”
But Terry Hardman , who owns an engineering company in Darwen , and travels past the clearance site every day , said the work had ' absolutely devastated the area ' .
“ There was a massive forest that ’s just been reduced to open space .
Surely that ca n’t be good for the environmental situation ? " , he said .
Brian Jackson of Friends of the Earth , said : “ To remove thousands and thousands of mature trees is absurd .
“ The conifer trees in this area are very valuable in providing windbreaks and attracting rainfall to the area . "
[ Haskell - cafe ] generalized newtype deriving allows the definition of otherwise undefinable functions
Hello , some time ago , it was pointed out that generalized newtype deriving could be used to circumvent module borders .
Now , I found out that generalized newtype deriving can even be used to define functions that would be impossible to define otherwise .
To me , this is surprising since I thought that generalized newtype deriving was only intended to save the programmer from writing boilerplate code , not to extend expressiveness .
Have a look at the following code : > {-# LANGUAGE > GeneralizedNewtypeDeriving , > MultiParamTypeClasses , > FlexibleInstances > #-} > > class Iso a b where > > conv :: item a -> item b > > instance Iso a a where > > conv = id > > newtype Wrapped a =
Wrap a deriving ( Iso a , Show ) Now any value whose type contains some type t can be converted into a value of the type that you get if you replace t by Wrap t .
Here is some code to demonstrate this for binary operations : > newtype BinOp a = BinOp ( a -> a -> a ) > > convBinOp :: ( a -> a -> a ) -> ( Wrapped a -> Wrapped a -> Wrapped a ) > convBinOp op = let BinOp op ' = conv ( BinOp op ) in op '
Now , you can enter convBinOp ( *) ( Wrap 5 ) ( Wrap 3 ) into GHCi , and you will get Wrap 15 as the result .
The point is , of course , that such conversions are not only possible for binary operations but for arbitrary values and that these conversions are done by a single generic function conv .
I do n’t think it would be possible to implement conv without generalized newtype deriving .
Any thoughts ?
Best wishes , Wolfgang
Advertisements
On his radio show today , Glenn Beck claimed that the concept of social justice is a perversion of the gospel , and that social justice is not something that Jesus would talk about .
Beck said that social justice is , “ a perversion of the gospel . ”
Beck ’s point was that the gospel is really about capitalism and free market economics .
According to Beck , Jesus was an anti-government conservative .
Here is the audio courtesy of Media Matters :
In response to a caller who is a Catholic that is upset about his church ’s advocacy of social justice , Beck said , “ I want you to know that even some members in my faith where I go church there are members that preach social justice as members , my faith does n’t , but the members preach social justice all the time .
It is a perversion of the gospel .
Nowhere does Jesus say hey , if somebody asks for your shirt , give your coat to the government , and have the government give them a pair of slacks .
That ’s not what Jesus was saying .
You want to help out .
You help out .
It changes you .
That ’s what the gospel is all about .
You , you change it , not having the government dictate . ”
Advertisements
I am not an expert on the Bible , but the Jesus he is referring to is someone that I am not familiar with .
I was n’t aware that Jesus was a free market , anti-government conservative .
I will leave it to others to post some relevant Bible quotes in the comment section that refute Beck .
My question for Mr. Founding Father is when did the government become separate from the social contract ?
If the majority of people desire a form of social justice , whether it is civil rights , healthcare , or any other issue , according to the social contract which forms the foundation of our entire system , the government is obligated to carry out the will of the people .
It is interesting that a person of the Mormon faith would be calling out progressives for perverting the gospel when according people of other faith , the book of Mormon itself is a perversion of the gospel .
( I have no dog in that fight , so please spare the angry emails and comments .
I have no issues with anyone ’s faith ) .
Beck was doing nothing more than spewing the same Jesus and God were conservatives nonsense that he was probably brainwashed with years ago .
Contrary to what Beck believes , social justice is a good thing .
Without social justice women may still not be allowed to vote , and segregation might still be in place .
It is fascinating to me that conservatives use Jesus to argue the cruel position that people are not entitled to adequate healthcare .
Turning their backs on the most needy in our society is a very un-Christian thing to do , and seems to contradict everything that Jesus stood for .
Anyone who has kept up with politics lately is no doubt aware that certain intellectual attitudes and habits recur no matter what the subject under discussion .
The rise of the Internet has democratized what was once the purview of the professional opinion journalist , policy analyst , or historian and thus made certain tendencies in the debate over domestic and international politics into full - blown categories of bad thinking .
By my count , there are five main varieties of these without which there would be far fewer cable news channels , blogs , documentary filmmakers , and entries on The New York Times bestsellers list for non-fiction .
All varieties are subject to overlap .
Tragic Manicheanism .
The metaphysical battle between good and evil has many engaged spectators , some of whom are so chronically assured of evil 's triumph that they appear to subconsciously root for it .
This is the religious concept of original sin in political grammar .
The tragic Manichean believes that everything one 's own government or society does is bad and that all those who oppose it are axiomatically good .
A very childlike worldview , it nonetheless caters to a large swath of people who believe that passion is a valid substitute for evidence .
The recently deceased historian Howard Zinn made tragic Manicheanism his academic legacy and personal fortune when he published A People 's History of the United States , a bestselling volume on the occluded history of the republic written on behalf of its tired , poor , and systematically duped .
As Michael Kazin , a leftist critic , has pointed out : " U.S. history for Zinn was … a painful narrative about ordinary folks who kept struggling to achieve equality , democracy , and a tolerant society , yet somehow were always defeated by a tiny band of rulers whose wiles match their greed . "
Abolition , suffrage , civil rights , the welfare state are thus stray clearings of social justice in an otherwise uninterrupted vale of oppression .
Zinn made no genuine attempt to explain why the underdogs — who represent 99 percent of the American population by his own estimation — have worn their servitude with shrugging acceptance , other than to say that they 're easily " distracted " by wars and periods of patriotic fervor .
This was no improvement on the Marxian notion of false consciousness .
How could it be since Zinn 's hero- victims transcend the narrow category of class to include anyone who 's ever got a raw deal in the past 235 years ?
The problem for the tragic Manichean is that , in the eternal struggle for the dominion of heaven , arguing that some angels quite like what the demons have done with interest rates and constitutional amendments is an unspeakable blasphemy .
Hysterical Conspiracism .
What begins in a tradition of healthy skepticism culminates in a universal suspicion of anything presented as established wisdom .
As Francis
Wheen puts it in his recent book , Strange Days Indeed : The 1970s : The Golden Age of Paranoia , " You start by reading your horoscope in the newspaper ; then you dabble in chakra balancing or feng shui , saying that it is important to keep an open mind ; after a while your mind is so open that your brains fall out , and you read the Protocols of the Elders of Zion without noticing anything amiss . "
No graduate of the Anglo - American university system in the past 60 years has lacked for an introduction to this pervasive theorizing of dark and hidden forces , which gallops across the political spectrum from right - wing fantasies about Freemasons to left - wing hysteria over the Warren Report .
The Jewish question , as Wheen rightly apprehended , seems to exercise over - active imaginations more than anything else .
In the wake of the killing of Hamas militant Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in Dubai , the BBC Radio 4's PM program allowed one Gordon Thomas , author of Gideon 's Spies , a book about the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad , to state the following : " They have a whole backup system called ' asylum . '
These are people , local residents , Jewish people , who help the Mossad .
It is estimated to be in the world about half a million — some people say a million ; I tend to say it 's about half a million — all of them Mossad people . "
Avoid all open windows at your next bar mitzvah .
The strategic advantages of the hysterical conspiracist are as follows :
1 . He never risks appearing ovine or " naïve " because he is perpetually attuned to What Is Really Happening .
What others might describe as pigheaded resistance to facts , he maintains as his unsullied record of un-falsifiable claims .
As Johnson remarked to Boswell over dinner at the Mitre , " It is always easy to be on the negative side …
If a man were now to deny that there is salt upon the table , you could not reduce him to absurdity . "
Trying to convince someone who insists that a plane did not fly into the Pentagon on September 11 is no easier .
2 . Where he does advance an " alternative " explanation of events , the hysterical conspiracist usually maintains a small distance from absolute certainty — just in case .
Hedge phrases or coy locutions such as " I 'm not saying necessarily … " and " Is n't it interesting that … " exist to exonerate the conspiracist after the fact , preparing him for intellectual victory either way .
Witness the qualifiers in this sample sentence from Tariq Ali's The Clash of Fundamentalisms : " [ T ] here exists no exact , incontrovertible evidence about who ordered the hits on New York and Washington or when the plan was first mooted . "
3 . The hysterical conspiracist forces his opponents to fritter away their time and resources in debunking his non-theories as " not even wrong . "
Popular Mechanics might have devoted a cover story to flying cars or Fermilab cyclotrons in March 2005 .
Instead it had to teach Rosie O'Donnell how steel girders melt in skyscrapers .
Moral Equivalence .
Especially fashionable on the left , this mode of political thought assumes that it is the height of dialectical brilliance to subvert a democratic government 's logic by " comparing " it to that of its totalitarian enemy .
Usually bound to a poor grasp of the totalitarian 's ethos and a cursory reading of its core literature , moral equivalence nonetheless masquerades as authoritative assertion , often to compensate for the sentimental insecurity of its purveyor .
For instance , a lead sentence might run : " In his Short Course on the History of the All - Russian Communist Party , Josef Stalin describes the kulak in epidemiological terms , as a virus that poses the greatest threat to the organism of the socialist fatherland . "
Mock solemnity is maintained throughout until the inevitable anticlimax is reached : " The Scientologist is the kulak of the West . "
Consider the following failed marriage of ideological motives that was recently ordained on a popular blog : " The theological justification for al Qaeda 's wholesale slaughter of civilians was provided by Sayyid Imam al - Sharif , also known as Dr. Fadl , one of the founding fathers of al Qaeda …
The legal [ U.S. Justice Department ] memos justifying torture are n't very different in terms of reasoning . "
Excepting that the latter form of reasoning , however flawed , did n't derive from 7th - century holy writ and the ultra- sectarian belief in spreading a caliphate to all corners of the globe and was not intended to justify a wholesale slaughter of civilians — sure , why not ?
Triumphal Manicheanism .
If the tragic Manichean 's accoutrements are v-neck sweaters and the Collected Poems of Pablo Neruda , the triumphal Manichean 's are varsity jackets and the collected works of Glenn Beck .
This archconservative elder to his sunken - chested baby brother similarly traffics in either / or dichotomies of political thought , believing that everything his own government or society does is right and all those who criticize it — even from within — are radical communists .
This may be because the triumphal Manichean once was one himself .
Indeed , the trajectory from left to right is typically charted by those with every intention of changing the substance but not the style of their ideology .
Yesterday 's fresh - faced Trotskyist screaming revolution in the street will be tomorrow 's wizened Tea Bagger screaming revolution in the street .
The progression can work in the other direction , too , with triumphal Manicheanism being the starting point .
Andrew Sullivan , a Thatcherite conservative import to these shores who has since made the steady creep toward hysterical conspiracism , was capable of writing , shortly after 9/11 , " The decadent Left in its enclaves on the coasts is not dead — and may well mount what amounts to a fifth column . "
Having since repudiated this allegation , he now believes , predictably , that the actual fifth column came from neoconservatives within the Bush White House .
Charismatic Authoritarianism .
Charismatic authoritarianism moors political fortune to a single figure whose radical promise is belied by his or her reactionary style .
Fidel Castro , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , Hasan Nasrallah , Ismail Haniyeh , Hugo Chavez , Muamar Qaddafi , Vladimir Putin and Bashar al - Assad have their cheerleaders and apologists , often in the same person who sees little contradiction in supporting such a promiscuous gallery of ideologues all at once .
Just as Hitler and Stalin could for short time find a shared base of defenders in fascists and communists , so too can a Venezuelan socialist make common cause with an Islamic theocrat , allied by no more than a third world economy and an abiding hatred of the United States .
The result is a kind of Unpopular Front of improvisatory opposition — all pomp , no principle .
Adherents of this category are characterized by easily misplaced affections .
One such perennially fickle lover is British MP George Galloway , who champions both Saddam Hussein for his " courage…strength…indefatigability " in facing an international response to Iraq 's takeover of Kuwait and Hussein 's great nemesis Ayatollah Khomeini for issuing a death sentence against Salman Rushdie .
Galloway 's party , RESPECT , imploded in 2007 for its failure to blend the green flag of jihad with the red banner of the Socialist Workers Party , but that has n't stopped his thralldom to all manner of " anti-imperialist " upstarts .
He has mastered the language of Saladin or Che Guevara , depending on the audience and the need .
Yet as numerous investigations into Galloway 's " charity " work and his involvement in the UN oil - for - food program have uncovered , the charismatic authoritarian he admires most is himself .
Michael Weiss is a contributing editor at Tablet Magazine and a blogger for The New Criterion .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A spiralling sculpture designed by Turner Prize - winning artist Anish Kapoor has been chosen as the monument to mark the London 2012 Olympic Games .
The 115 m tall piece , named the ArcelorMittal Orbit , will be placed in the Olympic Park and will be 22 m higher than New York 's Statue of Liberty .
The £ 19.1 m design incorporates the five Olympic rings and will offer visitors panoramic views of London .
London Mayor Boris Johnson revealed plans for the tower on Wednesday .
" I am deeply honoured to be invited to undertake this challenging commission , " Kapoor said .
" I am particularly attracted to it because of the opportunity to involve members of the public in a particularly close and personal way .
It is the commission of a lifetime . "
The artist will work with leading structural designer , Cecil Balmond of engineering firm Arup .
ArcelorMittal Orbit will be built near the Olympic stadium
Enlarge Image
Organisers said Balmond had worked on " some of the greatest contemporary buildings in the world " , including the CCTV building in Beijing , as well as numerous Serpentine Gallery pavilion commissions .
'' Long after the Games are over , our aim is to have a stunning spectacle in east London that will be recognised around the world , " Mr Johnson said .
" Anish Kapoor 's inspired art work will truly encapsulate the energy and spirit of London during the Games and , as such , will become the perfect iconic cultural legacy . "
Steel company ArcelorMittal - owned by steel magnate Lakshmi Mittal - will fund up to £ 16 m of the project with £ 3.1 m provided by the London Development Agency .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Team US F1 boss Ken Anderson has broken his silence about what went wrong at his outfit in its preparations for this year - as he keeps his hopes up that the Charlotte - based operation can try again to get on the grid for 2011 .
Just prior to the FIA officially confirming for the first time that US F1 will not be racing this season , Anderson spoke to AUTOSPORT to explain how the team 's preparations were rocked by the political battles , and the threat of an F1 breakaway series - which marred the 2009 season .
But he says the final blow to the team came in the middle of January , when a key sponsor failed to fulfil its promises to the team and did not deliver expected funding .
" The way the chips fell in January , that put us behind , " said Anderson , who revealed that talks had taken place with Campos , Stefan GP and Toyota in recent weeks to try and help his outfit get on the grid .
" [ Then ] there was really no point in trying to show up any time this year once you have missed the testing , and there is no testing during the year .
" There is no point in trying to miss races and show up , just to show up , " he added .
" That would just look bad for everybody .
" It has been very difficult for all the new teams to get to the first tests - but once the racing season starts , with no testing , if you have problems it is just very difficult to solve them . "
Anderson is still awaiting confirmation from the FIA about whether his team can get another entry for the 2011 championship , with an announcement expected in the next few days about what the application criteria will be .
If US F1 does not get a swift go - ahead for 2011 then Anderson fears its operation may need to be shut down completely .
If it does get a green light , then he is bullish about its prospects for next year .
" What we want to do is regroup , finish the car for 2011 , be testing late summer / early fall ( autumn ) , and be really ready for next year , " he said .
" The irony of the situation is - we filed our entry in December of 2008 and we were supposed to know something by March .
" We moved into this building [ in Charlotte ] in March , ready to go .
Then , if you remember last year , that was when all hell broke loose with the FIA , FOTA , cost cap teams versus non cost cap teams and all that .
" Then everybody who wanted to get into F1 , all the new teams , [ they ] tried to get in with the cost cap regulations ... and we did n't get approved by the FIA until June 12 .
Then the Concorde Agreement was n't signed to absolutely know that we could go forward until July 31 .
Losing those four months was always going to be difficult to recapture , but we were on schedule right up until mid-January , and that was when some issues arose with sponsors that kind of locked us up . "
Anderson said he believed the FIA would not move to deliberately block US F1's plans for 2011 - although he was fearful about what the future would hold if it could not get a guaranteed entry soon .
AUTOSPORT understands that the possibility of granting US F1 an automatic entry for 2011 have already been ruled out by the FIA .
" I think we will get a yes or no from the FIA relatively quickly , " he said .
" It does n't do anyone any good to prolong this .
" They have been very understanding and very helpful - and no - one is happy about the situation .
I certainly do n't get any impression that there is any vindictiveness or they want to shut us down .
We have invested a lot of time and money , and built a proper F1 facility here , and have a lot of people carrying on it .
" If they [ the FIA ] turn us down , then we are done .
We can do a really good job for next year .
This year was going to be damage limitation anyway .
We gave it our best shot , but once you get a little bit behind then there is no catching up .
" They understand , yes .
We have offered solutions as to how we can be there for next year .
" A year ago they knew our business plan , and Charlie Whiting was here last week .
We did what we said we were going to do .
A couple of CFD people were here , parts were made , and companies made parts for us .
There is no doubt we can make a car , the doubt is can we make it in the next 30 weeks - or however much time we needed to do it . "
Anderson also confirmed that team partners Chad Hurley and Peter Windsor remained on board - despite various speculations in recent week about their future .
" The situation is that nobody has left anybody .
Everybody is still on board .
We were exploring different options - we were n't calling the press to say , ' Hey , we are going to talk to Campos . '
We tried to keep it under wraps a little bit .
" We chat to Chad every day , and he has been great .
Chad did everything he said he was going to do .
He put the money in .
He got us to where we could go racing .
He never agreed to sponsor the team - and as you can imagine that is a pretty significant number in itself .
" As of January 15 , we were right on course for where we said we were going to be .
But then when the stuff did not show up - then the warning bells started sounding .
I scrambled to keep it together , but I just could n't do it quick enough .
" Peter has now gone back to England , but he lives there .
He has stayed in a hotel here for the last three months .
" We are well and truly on hold until we hear from the FIA because there really is nothing we can do .
There is no point spending a lot of money finishing the car if they say no .
If they say yes then we can have everybody back by the end of the week . "
Anderson claims that the team already has investors lined up to help fund its plans for 2011 - but this would require it getting an entry .
When asked if Hurley would continue his involvement if the team went forward , Anderson said : " Chad would participate .
He would not put all the money in .
We have other investors who want to buy into the company , but it is in Chad 's interest , if it keeps going , to stay involved .
He is in , but he is not going to pay for the whole thing .
We do have investors lined up to do that . "
Customer : “ I need your assistance with these lights here .
Do I just plug these into the dirt ? ”
Me : “ They ’re solar - powered , so you stick them into your lawn and they ’ll charge during the day so they can shine during the evening .
Right now they ’re on clearance for $ 14.98 . ”
Customer : “ How many batteries will I have to buy ?
I always get things like this on sale and then you trick me because I have to buy batteries . ”
Me : “ They ’re solar - powered . ”
Customer : “ I just want to know how many batteries I need . ”
Me : “ Well , these particular lights only need one battery .
It ’s big and yellow and floats in the sky .
It ’s called the Sun . ”
Customer : “ Never mind , then .
That sounds awfully expensive . ”
Did you find this story on our World Environment Day roundup ?
Click here to go to the next story !
Click here to go back to the roundup !
In the midst of all the bailouts you might have missed that last month , in perma-bubble Southern California the median price of the entire regional market fell by $ 17,500 .
This was the first regional price drop since April of 2009 .
Now one month does n’t make a trend of course but if you only listen to the real estate industry and banking cabal you would think that all of a sudden we are circa 2003 real estate .
There is this pervasive speculative attitude once again in the air even in the face of a 12.4 percent unemployment rate .
The unemployment situation was revised last month nationwide and the BLS upped the number of jobs lost in this recession from the “ low ” 7 million to 8.4 million .
So basically we were underestimating how “ good ” things were for an entire year ( the BLS has suspect numbers because of their methodology ) .
Yet this is part of the new economic psychology where real data is ignored in exchange for bread and circus statistics and political theatre .
The reality is we are not going to see any sort of housing boom for the next decade .
In fact , housing will be weak for the next ten years ( at least ) regardless of what the government and Wall Street attempts to do .
Factor # 1 – Negative Equity
The first thing to grasp is the biggest line item for Americans on their net worth chart is housing .
Or more importantly , home equity :
Even with the massive stock market rally , home prices are still lingering near their trough .
Employment has n’t picked up as well so unless you depend on seeing your banking stocks going up for your livelihood this rally is simply a reflection of how disconnected Wall Street is from the actual real economy .
The above chart should tell you where things are in terms of housing .
With most conservative estimates , 25 percent of current mortgage holders are underwater .
That is , they owe more on their home than it is worth .
As we know , housing is the number one line item for homeowners so with this kind of figure most Americans are still viewing a gaping hole in their balance sheet .
In states like California with Alt - A and option ARM issues , the underwater level is closer to 35 percent .
Much of this has kept the foreclosure rate elevated .
Negative equity is the number one reason in predicting foreclosures .
Now this is a rather obvious statement because if you did have equity and had problems on your balance sheet all you would do is sell your home .
Without this option , you can let your home go into foreclosure or try to have your lender to agree to a short sale .
And you have to think about what would fix this problem .
The only solution is hyper - inflating home prices to bubble levels .
That does n’t seem likely so negative equity is going to be with us for years to come because home prices reached absurd levels in this bubble .
Even with a big run up in prices , it is highly unlikely we will reach peak levels .
Factor # 2 – Income to Housing Price Ratios
Home prices are still in bubbles in many California counties like Los Angeles and Orange County .
Prices are completely disconnected from local area incomes .
I remember early in the bubble that the argument revolved around the monthly payment and completely ignored actual household fundamentals .
The mortgage industry thrived on this because it removed impediments from making mortgages with high kickbacks to anyone with a pulse .
Most of the mortgage brokers who say they were doing a good job “ helping people ” are only justifying their cause in this bubble and trying to assuage their conscience .
Show us a mortgage broker that did well during this bubble pushing low rate 30 year fixed rate mortgages with solid documentation .
The high income broker crowd relied on crap mortgages like option ARMs and other junk to get their nice little commission checks .
Yet now with the government being the lender of first and only resort , people have to actually look at incomes even at a cursory level .
And as you can see from the chart above , prices are still very high in bubble places like California in relation to income .
Plus , the chart data I gathered only goes back to 1980 .
The bubble in California started back in the 1970s :
Even if we apply a ratio between California home prices and nationwide prices current levels are still too high even after this correction .
In other words , the bubble is still here .
Factor # 3 – Shadow Inventory
Source : Wall Street Journal
“ The John Burns study estimates that five million houses and condominiums on which mortgages are now delinquent will go through foreclosure or related procedures that put them on the market over the next few years .
That would represent the bulk of the estimated 7.7 million households behind on their mortgage payments .
This “ shadow inventory ” of homes expected to hit the market is enough to last about 10 months , based on the average sales rate over the past decade , the Irvine , Calif . , firm says .
The problem is largely concentrated in Arizona , California , Florida and Nevada .
The shadow inventory is equivalent to 27 months of sales in Orlando , 24 months in Miami and 18 months in Las Vegas , the study estimates . ”
It would appear that the shadow inventory that we ’ve been reporting on for over a year has now gone mainstream .
I ’m not surprised that it took this long to go into the mainstream media just like I ’m not surprised the BLS had to revise their unemployment figures by 1.2 million .
Yet the reality is there is a tremendous amount of shadow inventory throughout the United States .
California is plagued with shadow inventory .
This is not a sign of a healthy housing market .
This is more “ pretending things are okay ” type of thinking .
The real estate industry thinks that this is some kind of panacea and we all need to start using The Secret to will our way to higher home prices .
Yet all this will do is create an environment similar to Japan where the banking industry is going to suck the life blood out of the real economy for decades to come .
Is this really what we want ?
What if this inventory was released ?
Prices would drop and come in line with more historical measures but more importantly , will finally flush out this giant financial sector that has grown too big .
Will many banks fail ?
Absolutely as they should .
Yet the media is reflecting their bias to Wall Street because as we know , millions of Americans are still without work .
Shadow inventory is basically banks inability to move properties in a timely fashion .
They are now speculating that prices will go higher on the taxpayer ’s bill .
Wall Street has failed the American public .
We are back stopping the system with $ 13 trillion in bailouts and back stops and this is the end result ?
The only big winner right now is the stock market and big banks .
Everyone else is still battling the Great Recession out .
Factor # 4 – Weak Equity
Source : The Big Picture
Home equity used to be a source of pride for many Americans .
In fact , many Americans enjoyed mortgage burning parties .
Now , those parties have been replaced by home equity lines of credit and sucking every ounce of home equity out as a perpetual ATM for consumption spending and trips to Las Vegas .
The chart above is a deeply troubling chart .
The amount of equity has fallen to historical lows .
The minor jump is a reflection of absurd amounts of government bailouts in the housing industry .
Yet equity in housing is still pathetically low .
At the same time , home prices are still in bubbles in many areas .
So what gives ?
When you are required to have such a small down payment , you lose this built in equity component of the market .
The above chart reflects years of 20 percent down payments and that has slowly faded away .
Today , with FHA insured loans the only equity you are going to get is based on housing inflation or additional bubbles .
Building equity takes time and many people are now in this ladder mentality buying world where your first home is always a “ starter ” as if you need a starter home .
The weak amount of equity is surpassed by the enormous amounts of mortgage debt outstanding .
This debt spiral is getting bigger and bigger and we see our government leading the way .
Does anyone really see us ever paying off our various kinds of debts ?
We ’ll never pay it off !
I remember on a peer to peer lending site Propser , where you became the lender to various sorts of borrowers including subprime borrowers and the initial rates seemed fantastic .
The rates seemed too good to be true . 15 to 25 percent returns .
I put a bit of money into play and things were looking fairly good initially like things did with subprime .
A chicken in every pot !
But when the defaults started rolling in , that 25 percent yield quickly became 20 , 15 , 10 , and finally I was lucky to break even on the portfolio of loans .
Welcome to the new debt world .
Somewhere along the line the idea of paying a 30 year mortgage off became lost in this bubble .
It was all about servicing the debt opposed to paying it off .
Now we are entering a new world and many mortgages like Alt - A and option ARMs are highly toxic and will never be paid off .
Even servicing the loan has collapsed .
Factor # 5 – Demographics
Source : Bio Spa
Baby boomers to a large extent drove this housing bubble .
Many had purchased in the 1990s so were able to ride the mega bubble or trade up in housing .
Many also sucked the equity out of their homes to fill every nook and cranny with new stainless steel fridges and flat screen televisions .
As the housing bubble ramped up they saw their housing porn shows telling them to purchase granite countertops because no home is complete without putting shiny rocks in your kitchen .
But as the bubble of a decade recedes , people are left with artifacts of consumption and no real wealth .
It is n’t like a cow that you can live off but these items are sitting there reflecting years of consumption .
Massive gas sucking SUVs sit parked in the driveway ready to suck your wallet dry at the next trip to the gas station .
The above chart highlights many trends over the years with the big baby boom wave :
Source : Rich Price
But as more Americans wait to have families and more baby boomers start using up healthcare resources , the priorities will change .
Many young couples are waiting longer to start families so the need for enormous McMansions is waning .
Many suburbs relied on cheap fuel and it is hard to imagine oil going back down to $ 20 a barrel .
So demographically things are changing .
Plus , as many baby boomers downgrade , you will see a steady stream of housing hitting the market for new families .
We have an excessive amount of housing inventory .
This will keep pressure on housing prices for the foreseeable future .
There is this argument made about immigrants plugging the gap .
This is not true .
A large part of the immigrant contingent cannot afford the high priced housing .
Show me data on immigrants buying up all this excess property .
I ’ve seen a few examples of rich immigrants buying prime property in a desirable location but show me a steady group of these people buying homes in more middle class areas .
So the trend is clear .
Baby boomers are also going to start pulling on Medicare and Social Security in the upcoming decade putting additional strains on the system .
In other words , more money is going to go away from housing .
There was an article I read recently about many college grads moving back home because they have no job .
Forget about buying , these recent grads ca n’t even afford a rental .
So the vacancy rate in rentals and housing units is at record levels .
We have years of inventory to work through thanks to this historic bubble .
The decade ahead does not look good for housing .
Beside the above factors , what if mortgage rates go up ?
It is only a matter of time given the policies of the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve .
And are we going to see tax credits forever ?
Is the Fed going to buy more mortgage backed securities ?
We are reaching a tipping point of another crisis because so much focus has veered away from the real economy and has obsessed on housing and finance as a panacea for our economic ills .
Welcome to your second lost decade and thanks to Japan , we have failed to learn what history has taught us only years ago .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
A story in The State newspaper has the details .
The daughter of a sharecropper , she was the youngest of 10 children .
She was the only of her siblings to earn a college degree , eventually getting a Master 's Degree .
In 1972 she represented her state at the Democratic National Convention , and in 1974 was elected to the South Carolina House , beating the white male incumbent .
Now , think about that !
South Carolina in ' 74 , the wounds of the Civil Rights era still undoubtedly raw .
Taking on the white male establishment and winning .
That must have been amazing .
According to The State :
" I am going to Columbia to be a legislator , not just a black spot in the House chambers , " she told The Associated Press in 1974 ....
She sat on the powerful House budget - writing committee and was responsible for funding sickle - cell anemia testing in county health departments .
The former teacher also helped pass the 1977 law that is still the basis for education funding in the state .
Of course , I never met her .
Never even heard of her until tonight .
I 'm not even from South Carolina .
But we have to recognize her , to remember what she did and what she stood for .
And with all that , to die alone , not noticed for weeks .
Possible dementia , according to The State , as she was found dressed in layers of clothes but her heat was working in a cold snap .
I have only been able to find one contemporary newspaper article about her , from the Spartanburg Herald of Dec. 31 , 1974 .
( You might have to scroll around , but the story is on pg. 13 of this linked file . )
Her online obituary is found here .
RIP , Ms. Goggins .
You were part of a Democratic surge in 1974 , and I 'm sure there are many in South Carolina who are better off today because of your efforts more than 35 years ago .
Update :
Logging back on this morning after leaving things for sleep last night .
I 'm really touched by the comments here .
I think Ms. Goggins ' death has made a lot of us do some soul - searching .
I know she 's done that for me .
Suntem pregatiti sa va oferim ajutorul de care aveti nevoie si sa sprijinim integrarea copiilor si adultilor cu dizabilitati intr -o societate care va trebui sa ii accepte si sa ii inteleaga .
Cabinetul medical este foarte primitor , dispune de o dotare tehnica de exceptie , cu o aparatura de ultima generatie ( banda de mers electrica , speciala pentru copii si adulti cu dizabilitati ) , posibilitate de acces a persoanelor cu dizabilitati , preturi accesibile , servicii de calitate .
Colaboram cu firme specializate pentru confectionare aparate si dispozitive medicale .
Colaboram cu medici neurologi si medici de recuperare , avem fizio - kinetoterapeuti si logopezi profesionisti si cu o mare disponibilitate sufleteasca .
Ideea infiintarii acestui cabinet de recuperare medicala isi are originea in trista noastra experienta de parinti ai unui copil cu grave probleme de sanatate .
Am gandit aceast cabinet de recuperare din punctul de vedere al pacientului , cunoscand greutatile si problemele cu care se confrunta .
Razvan si Issabela – Noi frecventam centrul de mai bine de un an si ne e bine , suntem multumiti si avem rezultate bune .
Andrei V. – La Mirunamed am intalnit o echipa de oameni profesionisti si prietenosi , gata mereu sa ne ofere ajutor .
Ce oferim in cadrul cabinetului de recuperare medicala ?
Cabinetul de recuperare medicala Mirunamed pune la dispozitia pacientilor tratamente complexe de recuperare medicala constand in
kinetoterapie pentru sugari , copii si adulti , masaj terapeutic , electroterapie si consiliere psihologica , in mod special pentru cei cu dizabilitati ( afectiuni neurologice , sindroame genetice etc ) .
Scopul urmarit este reprezentat de recuperarea afectiunilor neurologice , ortopedice , reumatologice sau legate de chirurgia reparatorie .
Cine suntem ?
Ideea infiintarii acestui cabinet de recuperare in anul 2010 isi are originea in trista noastra experienta de parinti ai unui copil cu grave probleme de sanatate .
Dupa multe tratamente efectuate in tara si strainatate , am realizat ca singura sansa pentru a ne ajuta fetita este recuperarea intensiva psihomotorie , asa ca am gandit acest loc din punctul de vedere al pacientului , cunoscand greutatile si problemele cu care se confrunta .
Intrand in acest sistem , mergand zilnic in centre de recuperare , de peste 5 ani de zile , am cautat sa selectam si sa colaboram cu
medici neurologi , medici de recuperare medicala , fizioterapeuti , logopezi si personal auxiliar , competent si cu o mare disponibilitate sufleteasca .
Noi mergem pe urmatoarele principii :
– atitudine pozitiva
- respect si intelegere pentru fiecare copil si parintii
- comunicare deschisa cu familia pe toate planurile ( kinetoterapie , logopedie , terapie ocupationala )
Noi tratam din urmatoarele puncte de vedere :
- neurologic : paralizii cerebrale , boli neuromusculare ( amiotrofii , distrofii etc ) , scleroza multipla etc ;
- ortopedic : entorse , luxatii , fracturi , deviatii de coloana , etc
- reumatologice : spondilita anchilozanta , poliartrita reumatoida ;
- cardiovascular : angina pectorala , defect sept interventricular ;
- oncologic : limfom Burkitt , tumori etc
- genetic : sindrom Prader Willi , Down , Edwards , Angelman , Di George , CdkL5 etc .
NOU – reabilitare MIRA REHAB
Platforma MIRA
Rehab este o aplicatie de recuperare care ajuta pacientii cu dizabilitati locomotorii , transformând exercitiile neplacute de kinetoterapie în jocuri amuzante .
Rezultatul este o recuperare mai rapida si mai interactiva pentru pacienti .
MIRA Rehab poate fi folosita de mai multe categorii de pacienti , de la copii la batrâni , ajutând la recuperarea lor în urma unor probleme ortopedice sau neurologice .
Jocurile oferite de aceasta aplicatie de recuperare sunt personalizate în functie de nevoile fiecarui pacient si au la baza studii aprofundate în domeniul medical .
Informatii in pagina oficiala : http://www.mirarehab.com/
Ce va asteapta la noi ?
Cabinetul este foarte primitor cu preturi accesibile si servicii de calitate .
Are posibilitate de acces a persoanelor cu dizabilitati .
Suntem pregatiti sa va oferim ajutorul de care aveti nevoie si sa sprijinim integrarea copiilor si adultilor cu dizabilitati intr -o societate care va trebui sa ii accepte si sa ii inteleaga .
Select an atheist friend or relative and pray for them by name each day during the month of April , 2010 ( and beyond ! ) .
It ’s easy and could make an eternal difference for someone you love .
According to American Atheists there are over 30 million Americans who claim to be atheists .
April 1st has been referred to both National Atheists Day and April Fool 's Day but Christians are not fooling around when it comes to praying for atheists .
Recently , Christians started a " Pray for an Atheist " Facebook initiative with the intent to encourage other Christians to pray for atheists and become better equipped to sharing their faith in a respectful manner with atheists .
The initiative has opened up dialogue between Christians and atheists and
become somewhat controversial as opposing religious sides are challenging each other .
Some social critics wonder if Facebook is the proper forum for converting people to Christianity ?
What would Jesus think of these new religious tactics for sharing your faith ?
What approach should opposing religious views use for effectively communicating both sides ?
Jim Spiegel , author of The Making of an Atheist and professor of philosophy and religion at Taylor University in Upland , Indiana , claims that although atheists present arguments against belief in God , " Atheism is not at all a consequence of intellectual doubts .
These are mere symptoms of the root cause — moral rebellion .
For the atheist , the missing ingredient is not evidence but obedience , " says Spiegel .
Holly Ordway , the author of Not God 's Type , is a highly educated , former atheist and professor of English , who represents a demographic supposedly beyond the reach of the church in postmodern America .
Ordway was once hostile toward Christianity but through a series of conversations with a wise and patient mentor , Ordway not only became convinced of God 's existence , but embraced Christianity .
Members of the " Pray for an Atheist " initiative agree to do the following :
PRAY for an atheist by name for one month
UNDERSTAND how people become atheists through resources so you can pray more effectively
INTERCEDE through prayer for an atheist
ENCOURAGE participating Christians through email and prayer
Jim Spiegel ( http://themakingofanatheist.com/) and Holly Ordway ( http://www.Hieropraxis.com) are available for interviews .
###
HealthCMi
GOP Joins Dems to Breakup Insurance Monopolies
The US House of Representatives has passed the ‘ Health Insurance Industry Fair Competition Act ’ by a vote of 406 to 19 .
This legislation repeals antitrust protections enjoyed by the health insurance industry .
This is an overwhelming majority vote supporting the repeal of longstanding antitrust exemptions for insurance companies and the bill has over 70 cosponsors .
Representing the 5th district of Virginia , Congressman Tom Periello sponsored this bill to end monopoly protections for health insurance companies .
The McCarran - Ferguson
Act of 1945 gave insurance companies exemption from antitrust laws allowing them to legally fix prices , collude with one another , and to divide market turf amongst themselves .
Spokesmen from several branches of the insurance industry oppose this legislation with many asserting that it will not help to control rising healthcare costs .
The Consumer Federation of America ( CFA ) estimates that this legislation will save Americans approximately $ 5 billion per year .
President Obama favors repealing antitrust protections for insurance companies .
In an interesting twist , the Senate has not stated whether or not it will consider this legislation despite its massive bipartisan support in the House .
The ‘ Health Insurance Industry Fair Competition Act ’ ( HR 4626 ) is only two pages of text in contrast to the enormous healthcare bill recently stalled in the US Senate .
It seems the US House of Representatives has passed a simple , clean bill that anyone can read in a matter of minutes .
A total of 253 Democrats voted in favor of the legislation joined by 153 Republicans .
The only nays came from a small group of 19 Republicans .
The act sailed through the House in merely two days providing easy passage .
Surprisingly , the passage of this historic act has received muted attention by the press .
Opinion polls consistently point to frustration amongst Americans over the lumbering and inefficient process of passing legislation marred by corruption from lobbyists .
Equally unpopular are amendments loaded with pork that weigh down legislation and drive up costs .
This act moved swiftly and lacks any costly amendments .
As a test to the Federal process , should this bill move through the Senate it would represent a breakthrough of the gridlock that hampers the US government and fosters rewards for special interest groups over US citizens .
The official US House of Representatives long title of this act is “ To restore the application of the Federal antitrust laws to the business of health insurance to protect competition and consumers . ”
The exact text of the bill reads :
( a) Amendment to McCarran - Ferguson Act - Section 3 of the Act of March 9 , 1945 ( 15 U.S.C. 1013 ) , commonly known as the McCarran - Ferguson Act , is amended by adding at the end the following :
( c) Nothing contained in this Act shall modify , impair , or supersede the operation of any of the antitrust laws with respect to the business of health insurance .
For purposes of the preceding sentence , the term `antitrust laws ' has the meaning given it in subsection ( a ) of the first section of the Clayton Act , except that such term includes section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission
Act to the extent that such section 5 applies to unfair methods of competition .'.
( b) Related Provision - For purposes of section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act ( 15 U.S.C. 45 ) to the extent such section applies to unfair methods of competition , section 3 ( c ) of the McCarran - Ferguson
Act shall apply with respect to the business of health insurance without regard to whether such business is carried on for profit , notwithstanding the definition of ` Corporation ' contained in section 4 of the Federal Trade Commission Act .
Learn more about healthcare and insurance issues affecting nurses , doctors , and patients at HealthCMI Online , http://www.healthcmi.com .
The BLS released its quarterly report today on " Employer Costs for Employee Compensation " for December 2009 , and the key results are displayed above and summarized below .
Private industry employers spent an average of $ 27.42 per hour worked for total employee compensation in December 2009 .
Wages and salaries averaged $ 19.41 per hour worked and accounted for 70.8 % of these costs , while benefits averaged $ 8.00 per hour and accounted for the remaining 29.2 % .
Total compensation costs for state and local government workers averaged $ 39.60 per hour worked in December 2009 ( including benefits of $ 13.50 per hour ) , which was 44.5 % higher than compensation for private industry workers .
World 's Most Magnificent Supergenius Clay Shirky can extrapolate Women 's Problems from a single data point : an overly pushy male grad student who bullied Shirky into giving him a better recommendation than he deserved .
From this experience , Shirky propounds a General Theory of Maleness that is ( we 're happy to report ) fully adaptable to the female subset of maleness :
The difference between me and [ Six Degrees of Separation - inspiring con artist ]
David Hampton is n't that he 's a con artist and I 'm not ; the difference is that I only told lies I could live up to , and I knew when to stop .
That 's not a different type of behavior , it 's just a different amount .
And it looks to me like women in general , and the women whose educations I am responsible for in particular , are often lousy at those kinds of behaviors , even when the situation calls for it .
They are n't just bad at behaving like arrogant self - aggrandizing jerks .
They are bad at behaving like self - promoting narcissists , anti-social obsessives , or pompous blowhards , even a little bit , even temporarily , even when it would be in their best interests to do so .
Whatever bad things you can say about those behaviors , you can't say they are underrepresented among people who have changed the world .
Now this is asking women to behave more like men , but so what ?
We ask people to cross gender lines all the time .
We 're in the middle of a generations - long project to encourage men to be better listeners and more sensitive partners , to take more account of others ' feelings and to let out our own feelings more .
Similarly , I see colleges spending time and effort teaching women strategies for self - defense , including direct physical aggression .
I sometimes wonder what would happen , though , if my college spent as much effort teaching women self - advancement as self - defense .
Fun , fun , fun — and remember , it 's daddy who takes the T - Bird away .
I 'm too much of a sniveling gamma / epsilon male to draw a conclusion as beefy as Shirky 's , but I am surprised to see what levels of subordination some professional women remain willing to accept , at least in traditional office environments .
But I would emphasize the some back there , and in fact the biggest self - promoter I ever met was a female of the opposite sex .
Maybe things are different at the Interactive Telecommunications Program at NYU , but I 'm not sure how representative of the private sector ITPANYU is .
Before addressing the issue of what women do n't want , I note that narcissism has never in my experience added to the magnificence of any project , nor has self - aggrandizement created any wealth , nor has self - advancement achieved anything other than capturing a bigger share of an existing pie for the self - promoter .
It may be true that these qualities are well represented among world changers , whoever they are .
And I presume the majority of world changers have been men up to this point .
But we do n't have a counterhistory wherein some effort to protect equal rights for women has been in place since ancient Greek civilization ( or I should say : the matriarchal civilization that the Greeks stole everything from ! ) .
So I 'm not sure we should complain that the workforce might be seeing comparatively fewer of these male virtues in the future , or expect that the world will be changing any more slowly as a result .
As to whether women need to be more pushy , less pushy , or just right , I believe this falls into Cavanaugh 's General Theory of 33.3 .
About a third of women are Daddy 's Girls ; another third are dominant , secure , self - confident , nasty , violent , selfish , independent , proud , thrill - seeking , free - wheeling , arrogant females ; and the rest do n't care enough to have an opinion .
These percentages vary with events and movements , but regress to stability .
There are mirror categories for men , and for the most part members of each group mate and procreate with members of their corresponding categories .
The recession has revealed more brittleness in the job market for men than for women .
In school , girls are outperforming boys at rates that alarm the squares .
Women 's relative financial attainment continues to grow at a rate remarkable for an economy as advanced and sclerotic as America's .
So I 'm not sure we have a problem , other than the ancient problem that men continue to give women something they do n't need : advice .
President Barack Obama and Attorney General Eric Holder are struggling with where to try Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , whose anticipated prosecution has already drawn threats from Osama bin Laden .
| Composite image by POLITICO
No good KSM trial options for Obama
Now that the yearlong battle over health care is finally behind it , the Obama administration has a messy terrorism and national security problem to tackle — and unlike with health care , there does n’t seem to be even the dim possibility of a political upside for the White House .
The immediate decision President Barack Obama must make is where and how to try Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four other men accused of plotting the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks , but the larger issue is whether the president has the political will to implement the change in approach to combating terrorism that he promised in his campaign .
Advertisement
After Attorney General Eric
Holder ’s attempt to try KSM in federal court in New York foundered , Obama was under heavy pressure to reverse course and try him instead in a military commission .
Sources say most of Obama ’s top advisers have endorsed that approach .
If it happens , it would be a humiliating reversal for Holder , who once said that he regarded trying Khalid Sheikh Mohammed in a courtroom as “ the defining event of my time as attorney general , ” and would open the president to claims that he ’s forsaking his principles for the sake of political convenience .
But if Obama defies expectations and presses forward with a civilian trial , he is certain to provoke a partisan battle over terrorism policy that is just what the GOP wants — with midterm elections a little more than seven months away .
“ The longer it goes , the more difficult it becomes , ” said Thomas Kean , a co-chairman of the 9/11 Commission and a former Republican governor of New Jersey .
“ It ’s an absolute conundrum .
It ’s very , very difficult for the president at this point . ”
As with another difficult issue , the war in Afghanistan , the Obama administration ’s internal struggle to develop a coherent approach to terrorism has revealed ideological fault lines within the administration and presented tough political choices that go to the core of Obama ’s presidency .
Already , one high - ranking official , White House counsel Greg Craig , has resigned after disagreements over the issue , and there is speculation that Holder at some point could follow him .
Wary of the political consequences for Obama , especially after the controversy sparked by his handling of the so - called Christmas bomber , top White House advisers , led by chief of staff Rahm Emanuel , have entered negotiations with Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R - S.C ) over what would amount to a grand bargain :
In return for military trials for the alleged Sept. 11 plotters , Graham would support congressional funding to establish a detention facility in Illinois for some current Guantanamo prisoners , reform of laws about who constitutes an enemy combatant and a preventive detention statute to allow the imprisonment of allegedly dangerous individuals whom the government ca n’t or wo n’t charge with a crime .
“ It would be the biggest mistake we could possibly make , in my view , since 9/11 , ” Graham has said about a civilian trial .
“ We would be giving constitutional rights to the mastermind of 9/11 , as if he were any average , everyday criminal American citizen .
We would be basically saying to the mastermind of 9/11 , and to the world at large , that 9/11 was a criminal act , not an act of war . ”
For proponents of civilian trials , agreeing to Graham ’s proposal would mean Obama had betrayed one of the fundamental liberal critiques of the Bush administration — that it unnecessarily abandoned the country ’s traditional system of justice in its approach to fighting terrorism
“ What ’s at stake is the whole national security narrative — who was right and who was wrong about the best way to fight terrorism over the last eight years , ” said Tom Malinowski of Human Rights Watch , a proponent of using the regular justice system .
“ If they compromise on this one , the Republican response will be to continue to go after every Democratic member of Congress and senator up for reelection in November and say they ’re a member of a party that had the crazy idea of wanting to hold terrorism trials in civilian courts .
And they ’ll be able to add the kicker that President Obama admitted that he was wrong . ”
Already unhappy with what they see as Obama ’s failure to reject other Bush policies , liberal critics seem to be hoping that Holder makes any reversal of his decision on KSM a point of principle .
“ If that ’s the way it unfolds , it seems to me Attorney General Holder has to address the question of resignation , ” said Eugene Fidell , a Yale Law School lecturer and expert on the military justice system .
“ The question is , How much of this medicine can you stand ? ”
The Senate Judiciary Committee postponed a hearing last week at which Holder was expected to be closely questioned about the plans for KSM .
But at a House hearing earlier this month , Holder seemed to acknowledge a trial in New York City was a lost cause .
“ You might be right that ... the train has left the station , ” Holder told Rep. Jose Serrano ( D - N.Y. ) , the lone member of the city ’s congressional delegation who still favors a trial there .
Local opposition “ is certainly a factor that we are working with as we try to determine ... where this trial should occur , ” Holder added .
Holder has said he expects a decision within weeks , after consultations with the White House , and it seems clear it will not be his to make .
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs has said Obama will be “ more involved ” this time around and will have “ strong equities ” in the decision .
Lawyers say the only places with clear legal authority to host a civilian trial are those directly involved in the Sept. 11 attack : the Southern District of New York , which covers Manhattan ; the Eastern District of Virginia , which includes the Pentagon ; and the Western District of Pennsylvania , which includes the field in Shanksville where one of the hijacked aircraft crashed .
After the idea of a Manhattan trial fizzled , Holder asked his aides to re-examine those options and all others .
“ He said to be creative , ” one Justice Department official said , a suggestion aides took to mean considering military bases , prison complexes and other sites where a civilian court could be convened .
Each potential venue that ’s been publicly discussed presents difficulties both practical and political .
Sites considered in New York include Governors Island in New York City and an Air National Guard base in Newburgh .
However , picking one of those locations would mean taking on New York Democratic Sens. Chuck Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand , who oppose those options .
“ The other locations each have unique challenges that would preclude them from holding the trial , in the senator ’s view , ” Gillibrand spokesman Matt Canter said .
Bringing the trial to Virginia would present similar political problems .
Courthouses in Alexandria and Newport News were mentioned as potential sites , but Democratic Sen. Jim Webb opposes any type of civilian trial and GOP Gov. Bob McDonnell opposes bringing any Guantanamo inmates to the state .
Still , Virginia attorney Ed MacMahon , who worked on the Zacarias Moussaoui defense , insists the obstacles are n’t insurmountable .
“ They could have this trial anywhere they want to have it .
It ’s a matter of political will , ” the lawyer said .
Western Pennsylvania courthouses potentially usable for a trial include Pittsburgh , Johnstown and Erie , but locals say none of those places have the experience of handling a trial approaching this magnitude .
And , again , the political pain for Obama would be intense .
Quickly coming out against a Keystone State option were Gov. Ed Rendell and Sens. Bob Casey and Arlen Specter , all Democrats .
Kean calls it a classic " not in my backyard " problem and notes that any switch now would trigger questions to Holder about why he rejected the alternate sites in the first place .
“ The people in New York have said we do n’t want it here , so everybody else says , ‘ Why should we do it ? ’ ” the former governor noted .
“ Because they did n’t do the proper consulting in the beginning , now the options are few . ”
In November , Graham got a Senate vote on his amendment to bar Sept. 11 trials in civilian courts .
He won the backing of every Republican , as well as Sen. Joe Lieberman ( I - Conn . ) and four Democrats : Sens. Jim Webb , Maria Cantwell , Blanche Lincoln and Mark Pryor .
But the White House persuaded 54 Democrats to reject the measure .
Advocates and some congressional aides say the White House has become convinced that if Graham ’s amendment were brought to a vote again , as he is vowing to do , it would pass .
Officials have pointed to increased public concern about terrorism in the wake of the attempted airline bombing on Christmas Day and to reports that opposition to civilian trials for terrorists played a role in the unexpected victory of Sen. Scott Brown ( R - Mass . ) in January .
Some backers of civilian trials say a flip - flop by the White House will only make matters worse .
“ All those who went out on a limb at the administration ’s request do n’t want that limb sawed off behind them in a way , going forward , that makes them look like they ’re to the left of the president , ” said Chris Anders , senior legislative counsel for the American Civil Liberties Union .
“ If the president switches sides now , how can they take seriously anything the White House says on such a difficult vote ? ”
Whether Democratic senators would seriously begrudge a reversal by the administration is unclear .
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy ( D - Vt. ) , Senate Intelligence Committee Chairwoman Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif . ) and Specter have openly urged Obama to keep the case in the civilian system .
And Anders says the ACLU has spoken with every opponent of Graham ’s measure and found no groundswell of support for it .
Despite the White House ’s ongoing discussions with Graham , it ’s unclear who would sign on to such a broad - ranging deal .
Even a reversal on a civilian Sept. 11 trial would be more acceptable to many liberals than a deal that would include a preventive detention statute .
With or without such a law , the White House has claimed the right to hold Al Qaeda and Taliban operatives indefinitely — regardless of whether they are convicted of crimes .
Critics of the administration ’s stance from both the left and the right say that means the new prison the administration wants to set up in Illinois would simply become Gitmo North and that trials could be irrelevant .
Meanwhile , centrist Democrats and most Republicans would very likely support a preventive detention statute but stridently oppose bringing Guantanamo prisoners to U.S. soil .
There are also signs of a split between Graham and some of those who backed his proposed ban on civilian trials for Sept. 11 suspects .
Lieberman and Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) now oppose all civilian trials for enemy fighters , while Graham would n’t go that far .
And even if there were agreement over trying KSM in a military commission , there is no consensus on where the trial should be held .
Many Republicans favor holding it at Guantanamo , but doing so would effectively nullify Obama ’s prediction that the prison would close by the end of this year — a goal that ’s already a year behind his initial promise .
“ Obviously , Guantanamo would have to be kept open well beyond President Obama ’s first term if he were to decide to launch the Sept. 11 trials there , ” said Ramzi Kassem , a lawyer representing Guantanamo detainees .
The options facing Obama are so grim that two prominent voices in the counterterrorism debate , the Brookings Institution ’s Ben Wittes and former Bush Justice Department official Jack Goldsmith , have proposed that the president simply do nothing — scuttle all plans for trials and hold the suspects indefinitely .
That move to prolong the status quo has some attractiveness but would undercut Obama ’s promise of “ swift justice ” for victims ’ families , would eliminate any chance for the death penalty and could feed perceptions abroad that the U.S. is too scared to try its enemies .
“ Closing Guantanamo while giving up on all the substantive issues that it symbolizes really risks dissipating the goodwill , ” Malinowski said .
“ You do n’t want a sense to set in around the world that Gitmo simply moved from one location to another without a fundamental change in what it symbolizes . ”
Goldman Sachs ( NYSE : GS ) is attempting to win over public opinion by acknowledging mistakes and being more open to interviews .
The company rarely has a need to advertise to the public , but has received substantial criticism related to the financial crisis and its executive ’s high levels of compensation and bonus pay .
According to a regulatory filing made by Goldman Sachs , it now views negative public opinion , listed as “ adverse publicity ” , as a part of a list of factors that could pose risk to the its core business .
During the last few months , Goldman Sachs has made a concerted effort to open itself up to the public by offering interviews and making appearances on television , however the firm has been hesitant to take any responsibility for the financial crisis .
In an ABC News story , one Goldman Sachs spokesman said that speculation about the firm ’s executive compensation was “ ill - informed and , frankly , pretty stupid . ”
Although the company is making a concerted effort to be more visible in the media , many are not convinced that Goldman Sachs and other financial companies are committed to fixing the problems that caused the financial crisis to begin with .
Like quite a number of people , I was under the impression that Runaway 3 from Pendulo Studios would be released in November 2009 .
No dice .
I was told the official date was the 3rd of January 2010 , then the folks at EB Games realised that that was actually the 1st of March 2010 .
Date reading fail , anyone ?
Turned out the actual date for Runaway 3 ’s Australian release was 18th March 2010 , two days ago .
So after waiting , well , years , really since Runaway 2 for this game , I bought it two days ago and took about four to six hours to finish it .
Read on after the jump for the review ( no spoilers ) and images .
Runaway 2 ended on such an odd note that some of us were left feeling quite concerned .
We had questions : Was Gina going to make it ?
What would happen to Dean Grassic ?
What about Professor Simon ?
So imagine this : you did n’t read the information on the back of the box , you brought it home , installed it and the very first scene is that of Brian Basco being declared possibly insane , put in a mental institution till his sanity is determined and now apparently , he is dead .
That ’s the two killers who are out to get Gina .
Is it easier to play this game than the last two ?
Yes , because there is a hint system staffed by … well , someone you ’ve probably been wanting to see for awhile .
The hints can be obscure though which is good , you do n’t want your hand held .
You get to play from two points of view as well – actually , I lie , make that three points of view .
Gina jumps in the hot seat and she has a very different way of dealing with matters and improvising than Brian does .
Or would , if he was n’t dead .
Your goal throughout the entire game is to find out what happened between the end of Runaway 2 and the point of Brian ’s funeral .
Gina would like to do this but is equally determined to prove that Brian is alive .
The graphics are the same high quality as the last two games with the same mix of cartoon fun and realism , though the visuals of Brian make him look horrible but hey , they showcase him as a mental patient .
Drag queens make one brief appearance and aliens turn up a bit more often in the storyline .
The new characters are all mostly somewhat insane or quirky though their quirks can make them quite amenable in some cases and downright annoying in others .
Old characters if they do not make an appearance are mentioned in flashbacks and in other strange places as sort of Easter Eggs if you do happen to notice them .
So as to why I am mad :
1 ) The game took a few hours to finish .
I would have liked it to have stumped me a bit more .
2 ) There are two endings – two reasonably happy endings that make you want to play more Runaway games but that leave you horribly aware that this will probably be the last in this series .
3 ) There is one very nice quick cut scene ( or part of one cut scene ) in Chapter 6 .
I think a lot of players would agree with me that : a ) the viewpoint of that scene needed to be different and b ) it could have gone for a bit longer or we could have had more of the same especially at the end where there was a potential spot for it .
Should you play it ?
Yes .
Should Pendulo Studios continue the series ?
Definitely .
They wrote their way out of a tight spot before , they can do it again .
Should Gina play a part more often ?
Yes .
You get to know her much better in this game and you like her more afterwards .
You get to find out why she ’s given up a life of petty crime and such ( answer : she loves Brian ) .
You have to admire the fact that she ’s dead set on getting Brian back dead or alive .
Other reasons the game is cool : Each player has a password – you ca n’t get into someone else ’s saved games .
So several people can play at once .
The hint system is awesome and funny .
And Pendulo Studios is rewriting adventure gaming the way Sierra did way back when .
You can buy the game at Amazon or at EB Games .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Deepak Chopra does n’t seem capable of expressing anything in a simple , straightforward manner .
And after reading ( and trying to unravel ) his latest piece of drivel , Only Spirituality Can Solve The Problems Of The World , I think I know why – it ’s only with excessive flowery verbosity that he can hope to disguise the fact that he has absolutely nothing of value to say .
See if you can fathom what he ’s getting at here :
Before addressing the importance of spirituality in modern times , we should first define it .
Spirituality is the experience of that domain of awareness where we experience our universality .
Unfortunately , he does n’t define universality , so his definition of spirituality is pretty empty .
I ’ll have a go .
Merriam - Webster defines universality as “ the quality of being universal ” – the quality of occurring everywhere ( among several definitions of “ universal ” – see if you can find a better one . )
Which rather begs the question – since Chopra has n’t shown that we are everywhere .
In fact , I ’m pretty sure we ’re not .
He does wax more on the “ domain of awareness ” bit though :
This domain of awareness is a core consciousness that is beyond our mind , intellect , and ego .
Really ?
Where is it then ?
And , again , does it even exist ?
( And how does Chopra know ? )
But OK , I ’ll play : the domain of awareness is a core consciousness .
And the core consciousness :
In religious traditions this core consciousness is referred to as the soul which is part of a collective soul or collective consciousness , which in turn is part of a more universal domain of consciousness referred to in religions as God .
Jesus , why did n’t he just say that at the start ?
Let ’s break down what ( I think – but who really knows ? ) he ’s saying :
Spirituality is the experience of that domain of awareness where we experience our universality
The domain of awareness is a core consciousness .
So spirituality is the experience of a core consciousness .
This core consciousness is referred to as [ … ]
God .
So spirituality is the experience of God .
As Chopra apparently had to put it :
Spirituality is the experience of that domain of awareness where we experience our universality .
This domain of awareness is a core consciousness that is beyond our mind , intellect , and ego .
In religious traditions this core consciousness is referred to as the soul which is part of a collective soul or collective consciousness , which in turn is part of a more universal domain of consciousness referred to in religions as God .
Which breaks down to “ spirituality is the experience of God . ”
Six words .
It took Chopra 70 .
When we have even a partial glimpse of this level of awareness we experience joy , insight , intuition , creativity , and freedom of choice .
In addition , there is the awakening of love , kindness , compassion , happiness at the success of others , and equanimity .
As the turbulence of our mind settles down , our body also begins to heal itself because it also quiets down .
The body 's self - repair mechanisms are activated when the mind is at peace because the mind and body are at the deepest level inseparably one .
Pure assertion backed up by nothing .
Even by Chopra ’s standards , this is weak .
I have to say , I think he ’s phoning it in .
Probably PZ had the right idea – he asked Chopra one question : how ?
Just to name a few problems of the world : overpopulation , famine , resource depletion , water scarcity , war , and disease .
Deepak Chopra , quick , 30 seconds : how will you solve any one of those problems with spirituality ?
But if he even knew ( and of course , he does n’t ) , would he be able to explain it ?
Clearly not .
Why does anyone still think this bozo has anything of value to add ?
Jaime Escalante , the charismatic former East Los Angeles high school teacher who taught the nation that inner-city students could master subjects as demanding as calculus , died Tuesday .
He was 79 .
The subject of the 1988 film “ Stand and Deliver , ” Escalante died at his son ’s home in Roseville , Calif. , said actor Edward James Olmos , who portrayed the teacher in the film .
Escalante had bladder cancer .
“ Jaime did n’t just teach math .
Like all great teachers , he changed lives , ” Olmos said earlier this month when he organized an appeal for funds to help pay Escalante ’s mounting medical bills .
Escalante gained national prominence in the aftermath of a 1982 scandal surrounding 14 of his Garfield High School students who passed the Advanced Placement calculus exam only to be accused later of cheating .
The story of their eventual triumph -- and of Escalante ’s battle to raise standards at a struggling campus of working - class , largely Mexican American students -- became the subject of the movie , which turned the balding , middle - aged Bolivian immigrant into the most famous teacher in America .
Passionate teacher
Escalante was a maverick who did not get along with many of his public school colleagues , but he mesmerized students with his entertaining style and deep understanding of math .
Educators came from around the country to observe him at Garfield , which built one of the largest and most successful Advanced Placement programs in the nation .
“ Jaime Escalante has left a deep and enduring legacy in the struggle for academic equity in American education , ” said Gaston Caperton , former West Virginia governor and president of the College Board , which sponsors the Scholastic Assessment Test and the Advanced Placement exams .
“ His passionate belief [ was ] that all students , when properly prepared and motivated , can succeed at academically demanding course work , no matter what their racial , social or economic background .
Because of him , educators everywhere have been forced to revise long - held notions of who can succeed . ”
Escalante ’s rise came during an era decried by experts as one of alarming mediocrity in the nation ’s schools .
He pushed for tougher standards and accountability for students and educators , often irritating colleagues and parents along the way with his brusque manner and uncompromising stands .
He was called a traitor for his opposition to bilingual education .
He said the hate mail he received for championing Proposition 227 , the successful 1998 ballot measure to dismantle bilingual programs in California , was a factor in his decision to retire that year after leaving Garfield and teaching at Hiram Johnson High School in Sacramento for seven years .
He moved back to Bolivia , where he propelled himself into a classroom again , apparently intent on fulfilling a vow to die doing what he knew best -- teach .
But he returned frequently to the United States to speak to education groups and continued to ally himself with conservative politics .
He considered becoming an education advisor to President George W. Bush , and in 2003 signed on as an education consultant for Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s gubernatorial campaign in California .
Escalante was born Dec. 31 , 1930 , in La Paz , Bolivia , and was raised by his mother after his parents , both schoolteachers , split when he was about 9 .
He attended a well - regarded Jesuit high school , San Calixto , where his quick mind and penchant for mischief often got him into trouble .
After high school , he served in the army during a short - lived Bolivian rebellion .
Although he had toyed with the idea of attending engineering school in Argentina , he wound up enrolling at the Bolivian state teachers college , Normal Superior .
Before he graduated , he was teaching at three top-rated Bolivian schools .
He also married Fabiola Tapia , a fellow student at the college .
At his wife ’s urging , Escalante gave up his teaching posts for the promise of a brighter future in the United States for their firstborn , Jaime Jr. ( A second son , Fernando , would follow . )
With $ 3,000 in his pocket and little more than “ yes ” and “ no ” in his English vocabulary , Escalante flew alone to Los Angeles on Christmas Eve 1963 .
He was 33 .
His wife and son later joined him in Pasadena , where his first job was mopping floors in a coffee shop across the street from Pasadena City College , where he enrolled in English classes .
Within a few months , he was promoted to cook , slinging burgers by day and studying for an associate ’s degree in math and physics by night .
That led to a better - paying job as a technician at a Pasadena electronics company , where he became a prized employee .
But the classroom still beckoned to the teacher inside him .
He earned a scholarship to Cal State Los Angeles to pursue a teaching credential .
In the fall of 1974 , when he was 43 , he took a pay cut to begin teaching at Garfield High at a salary of $ 13,000 .
“ My friends said , ‘ Jaime , you ’re crazy . ’
But I wanted to work with young people , ” he told The Times .
“ That ’s more rewarding for me than the money . ”
When he arrived at the school , he was dismayed to learn he had been assigned to teach the lowest level of math .
He grew unhappier still when he discovered how watered - down the math textbooks were -- on a par with fifth - grade work in Bolivia .
Faced with unruly students , he began to wish for his old job back .
Motivating students
But Escalante stayed , soon developing a reputation for turning around hard - to - motivate students .
By 1978 , he had 14 students enrolled in his first AP calculus class .
Of the five who survived his stiff homework and attendance demands , only two earned passing scores on the exam .
But in 1980 , seven of nine students passed the exam ; in 1981 , 14 of 15 passed .
In 1982 , he had 18 students to prepare for the academic challenge of their young lives .
At his insistence , they studied before school , after school and on Saturdays , with Escalante as coach and cheerleader .
Some of them lacked supportive parents , who needed their teenagers to work to help pay bills .
Other students had to be persuaded to spend less time on the school band or in athletics .
Yet all gradually formed an attachment to calculus and to “ Kimo , ” their nickname for Escalante , inspired by Tonto ’s nickname for the Lone Ranger , Kemo Sabe .
Escalante was hospitalized twice in the months leading up to the AP exam .
He had a heart attack while teaching night school but ignored doctors ’ orders to rest and was back at Garfield the next day .
Then he disappeared one weekend to have his gallbladder removed .
As Washington Post reporter Jay Mathews recounted in his 1988 book , “ Escalante : The Best Teacher in America , ” the hard - driving teacher turned the health problem into another weapon in his bag of tricks .
“ You burros give me a heart attack , ” he repeatedly told his students when he returned .
“ But I come back !
I ’m still the champ . ”
The guilt - making mantra was effective .
One student said , “ If Kimo can do it , we can do it .
If he wants to teach us that bad , we can learn . ”
The Advanced Placement program qualifies students for college credit if they pass the exam with a score of 3 or higher .
For many years it was a tool of the elite ; the calculus exam , for example , was taken by only about 3 % of American high school math students when Escalante revived the program at Garfield in the late 1970s .
In 1982 , a record 69 Garfield students were taking AP exams in various subjects , including Spanish and history .
Escalante ’s calculus students took their exam in May under the watchful eye of the school ’s head counselor .
The results , released over the summer , were stunning : All 18 of his students passed , with seven earning the highest score of 5 .
But the good news quickly turned bad .
Testing controversy
The Educational Testing Service , which administers the exam , said it had found suspicious similarities in the solutions given on 14 exams .
It invalidated those scores .
The action angered the students , who thought the service would not have questioned their scores if they were white .
But this was Garfield , a school made up primarily of lower - income Mexican Americans that only a few years earlier had nearly lost its accreditation .
“ There ’s a tremendous amount of feeling that the Hispanic is incapable of handling higher math and science , ” Escalante reflected later in an interview with Newsday .
He , like many in the Garfield community , feared the students were victims of a racist attack , a charge that Educational Testing Service strongly denied .
Two of the students told Mathews of the Washington Post that some cheating had occurred , but they later recanted their confessions .
Vindication came in a retest .
Of the 14 accused of wrongdoing , 12 took the exam again and passed .
After that , the numbers of Garfield students taking calculus and other Advanced Placement classes soared .
By 1987 , only four high schools in the country had more students taking and passing the AP calculus exam than Garfield .
Escalante ’s dramatic success raised public consciousness of what it took to be not just a good teacher but a great one .
One of the most astute analyses of his classroom style came from the actor who shadowed him for days before portraying him in “ Stand and Deliver . ”
“ He ’s the most stylized man I ’ve ever come across , ” Olmos , who received an Oscar nomination for his performance , told the New York Times in 1988 .
“ He had three basic personalities -- teacher , father - friend and street - gang equal -- and he would juggle them , shift in an instant .
. . .
He ’s one of the greatest calculated entertainers . ”
Ultimate performer
Escalante was the ultimate performer in class , cracking jokes , rendering impressions and using all sorts of props -- from basketballs and wind - up toys to meat cleavers and space - alien dolls -- to explain complex mathematical concepts .
Sports analogies abounded .
A perfect parabola , for instance , was like a sky - hook by Kareem Abdul - Jabbar .
“ Calculus Does Not Have To Be Made Easy -- It Is Easy Already , ” read a banner Escalante kept in his classroom .
In 1991 , he packed up his bag of tricks and quit Garfield , saying he was fed up with faculty politics and petty jealousies .
He headed to Hiram Johnson High with the intention of testing his methods in a new environment .
But in seven years there , he never had more than about 14 calculus students a year and a 75 % pass rate , a record he blamed on administrative turnover and cultural differences .
At Garfield , where the pass rate was above 90 % when he left , his success was aided by a supportive principal , Henry Gradillas , and talented colleagues , including award - winning calculus teacher Ben Jimenez .
Return to Bolivia
Thirty - five years after leaving Bolivia for his journey into teaching fame , Escalante went home .
He settled with his wife in her hometown of Cochabamba and became a part - time mathematics professor at the Universidad del Valle , and was still teaching calculus in Bolivia in 2008 .
He returned to the United States frequently to visit his son and give motivational speeches .
He made his last trip to the U.S. to seek treatment for the cancer that had left him unable to walk or speak above a whisper .
This month , as he gave himself over to a Reno clinic ’s regimen of pills , teas and ointments , many of his former students gathered at Garfield to raise money .
Unpopular with fellow teachers , he won few major teaching awards in the United States .
He liked to be judged by his results , a concept still resisted by the majority of his profession .
As he faced death , it was still the results that mattered to him -- the young minds he held captive three decades ago who today are engineers , lawyers , doctors , teachers and administrators .
“ I had many opportunities in this country , but the best I found in East L.A. , ” he said in one of his last interviews .
“ I am proudest of my brilliant students . ”
Escalante is survived by his wife , his sons and six grandchildren .
elaine.woo@latimes.com
Times staff writer Robert J. Lopez contributed to this report .
2010/03/16
Visiting an abandoned orphanage
This weekend , in a small village in the south of Paris , we visited an abandoned orphanage .
I think it was closed sometime around 1990 . 20 years ago .
This is the pictures I took with my digital camera .
I 'll post more ( and I think better ) pictures later , when they are developed and scanned ( in a few weeks or months ) .
We spent 3 hours there , and we only visited half of it .
It 's big .
We need to come back an other time to see the other parts .
Apparently , they used to have horses .
We saw stables , a barn half collapsed , a tennis court , some offices , small houses , a small church , something like a restaurant or canteen , kitchens , a few other buildings with rooms .
A big forest .
And there is an other group of buildings that we will visit next time .
This place is a little scary , I 'm not sure I would like to stay there alone at night .
[ /log/photos / urbex ] permanent link
Since 1995 , James Porfido has been among a small percentage of lawyers in the State of New Jersey who are recognized as Certified Criminal Trial Attorneys by the Supreme Court of the State of New Jersey .
This certification assures our clients that Mr. Porfido has distinguished himself from his colleagues by meeting the rigorous set of standards required to receive this certification .
With a comprehensive understanding of the system , and personal knowledge of the participants in local municipal and state courts , Mr. Porfido can effectively assert your rights and protect your interests in any criminal matter .
Ben Dova was born on March 14 , 1905 in Strasbourg , Bas - Rhin , France as Joseph Späh .
He was an actor , known for Der Marathon - Mann ( 1976 ) , Dear Mr. Wonderful ( 1982 ) and The Way of All Freshmen ( 1933 ) .
He was married to Evelyn Veronica Spah .
He died on September 30 , 1986 in Manassas , Virginia , USA .
Conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh told listeners this week that he would " go to Costa Rica " if the Democratic health - care reform plan is passed and enacted .
Liberal bloggers greeted the threat with frenzied delight — urging Limbaugh to make good on his promise — while their exasperated conservative counterparts came to Limbaugh 's defense .
Here 's how the online commentary broke down :
ANTI - RUSH :
Another reason to pass health reform : " You hear that , guys ? " asks Ezra Klein in The Washington Post .
" Health - care reform will not only cover 30 million Americans and reduce the deficit , but it 'll also get rid of Rush Limbaugh !
This is , like , the best bill ever ! "
Rush is endorsing socialized medicine : " [ Supplying ] details and context to Limbaugh 's nonsense is usually a waste of time , " says Steve Benen in Washington Monthly , but it 's worth noting that " the national health care system in Costa Rica is socialized and generally considered the best in Latin America . "
PRO - RUSH :
Lefties are twisting Limbaugh 's words , yet again : " For a bunch of people who defended Bill Clinton when he cast doubt on the meaning of the word ' is , ' " says Lance Burri at Troglopundit , " liberals sure are dense when it comes to simple English . "
Limbaugh did n't say he would " move " to Costa Rica .
He said he would go there for health care if reform makes the U.S. system worse .
Limbaugh 's argument makes perfect sense : Rush Limbaugh is n't moving , and he is n't endorsing socialized medicine , say the editors of Newsmax .
As he explained on the air , " many insurance companies are making contingency plans to move to Costa Rica if Obamacare passes . "
If they do , Rush wo n't be the only American who looks overseas for prompt , affordable medical care .
Listen to Limbaugh for yourself :
By Editorial .
Axis of Logic
Axis of Logic
How do you spell success ?
No head of state in recent history has been re-elected so many times by such an overwhelming majority of the population as has President Hugo Chávez Frías .
Any national leader in the world " would die for " his margins in any election campaign .
His success has been documented in so many elections and referenda that repetition of the details would bore the reader .
The elections and referenda in Venezuela over the last ten years have been monitored by international observers with greater intensity than any , among developed and developing countries and no serious challenge to their validity has ever been put forth .
The reason is that elections and referenda in Venezuela are democratic in the truest sense of the term .
The system of electronic voting in Venezuela is verified by paper printouts for the voter which are then deposited in election boxes .
A healthy 55 % of those votes are then checked against the electronic printout of the voting machine in the presence of witnesses from all political parties , supervised by the the CNE ( Consejo Nacional Electoral ) , i.e. the National Electoral Council .
If the results tally and everyone present signs the election act , the results are than electronically transmitted to the CNE center in Caracas .
The board of rectors of the CNE is comprised of representatives of the government and those who oppose the government .
What are the reasons of this president 's success ?
We invite our readers to answer the question in the readers ' comment section below .
- Axis Editorial Board
Venezuelanalysis.com
By Tamara Pearson
Merida , January 3rd , 2010 – According to a study carried out by the Venezuelan Institute of Data Analysis ( IVAD ) , Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez ’s approval has dropped slightly , to 60.3 % , from 62.4 % last October .
IVAD performed the study from 12 to 20 December , interviewing 1,200 people directly in their homes .
IVAD selected the interviewees at random but also reflecting a range of regions and social groups in Venezuela .
To the question , “ How do you rate Hugo Chavez ’s management as president of Venezuela ? , ” 38.7 % said “ bad ” and 60.5 % said “ good ” .
The poll also confirmed that Chavez ’s party , the United Socialist Party of Venezuela ( PSUV ) , continues to be the most popular party .
The poll comes as PSUV , opposition and other party leaders prepare for an election campaign year , where all positions in the National Assembly will be up for election in September .
In May 2008 an IVAD poll said Chavez had an approval rating of 68.8 % , and in October last year , 62.4 % .
IVAD polls tend to reflect greater support for the president than polls by opposition polling agencies .
Venezuelanalysis
A Staten Island man accused of stabbing a 54 - year - old to death told reporters he was on drugs when he committed the crime .
While waiting to enter court for his arraignment , 23 - year - old Jahaad Chesson tried to tell his " side of the story , " stating : " I was high as a mother [ expletive ] when I did it . "
Here 's footage of the bizarre exchange from the Staten Island Advance :
Suspect in murder of Anthony Illidge talks to reporters
Chesson — who has served two years behind bars for past robbery convictions — later said : " I did n't do nothing . "
He then claimed he had been told that he was high on drugs during the attack .
Chesson also noted " it 's hard out here for a pimp , " and asked for treatment for his " mental problems . "
He added : " If there 's a doctor that 's gonna see this , come see me , I need help . "
According to authorities , Chesson repeatedly stabbed Port Richmond resident Anthony Illidge after trying to break into his home late last month .
After the attack , Chesson is accused of hiding the victim 's body in a wooded area behind a fence .
He is facing charges of murder , burglary , grand larceny , criminal possession of stolen property and tampering with physical evidence .
Conservationists say rate of new species slower than diversity loss caused by the destruction of habitats and climate change
For the first time since the dinosaurs disappeared , humans are driving animals and plants to extinction faster than new species can evolve , one of the world 's experts on biodiversity has warned .
Conservation experts have already signalled that the world is in the grip of the " sixth great extinction " of species , driven by the destruction of natural habitats , hunting , the spread of alien predators and disease , and climate change .
However until recently it has been hoped that the rate at which new species were evolving could keep pace with the loss of diversity of life .
Speaking in advance of two reports next week on the state of wildlife in Britain and Europe , Simon Stuart , chair of the Species Survival Commission for the International Union for the Conservation of Nature – the body which officially declares species threatened and extinct – said that point had now " almost certainly " been crossed .
" Measuring the rate at which new species evolve is difficult , but there 's no question that the current extinction rates are faster than that ; I think it 's inevitable , " said Stuart .
The IUCN created shock waves with its major assessment of the world 's biodiversity in 2004 , which calculated that the rate of extinction had reached 100 - 1,000 times that suggested by the fossil records before humans .
No formal calculations have been published since , but conservationists agree the rate of loss has increased since then , and Stuart said it was possible that the dramatic predictions of experts like the renowned Harvard biologist E O Wilson , that the rate of loss could reach 10,000 times the background rate in two decades , could be correct .
" All the evidence is he 's right , " said Stuart .
" Some people claim it already is that ... things can only have deteriorated because of the drivers of the losses , such as habitat loss and climate change , all getting worse .
But we have n't measured extinction rates again since 2004 and because our current estimates contain a tenfold range there has to be a very big deterioration or improvement to pick up a change . "
Extinction is part of the constant evolution of life , and only 2 - 4 % of the species that have ever lived on Earth are thought to be alive today .
However fossil records suggest that for most of the planet 's 3.5 bn year history the steady rate of loss of species is thought to be about one in every million species each year .
Only 869 extinctions have been formally recorded since 1500 , however , because scientists have only " described " nearly 2 m of an estimated 5 - 30 m species around the world , and only assessed the conservation status of 3 % of those , the global rate of extinction is extrapolated from the rate of loss among species which are known .
In this way the IUCN calculated in 2004 that the rate of loss had risen to 100 - 1,000 per millions species annually – a situation comparable to the five previous " mass extinctions " – the last of which was when the dinosaurs were wiped out about 65 m years ago .
Critics , including The Skeptical Environmentalist author , Bjørn Lomborg , have argued that because such figures rely on so many estimates of the number of underlying species and the past rate of extinctions based on fossil records of marine animals , the huge margins for error make these figures too unreliable to form the basis of expensive conservation actions .
However Stuart said that the IUCN figure was likely to be an underestimate of the problem , because scientists are very reluctant to declare species extinct even when they have sometimes not been seen for decades , and because few of the world 's plants , fungi and invertebrates have yet been formally recorded and assessed .
The calculated increase in the extinction rate should also be compared to another study of thresholds of resilience for the natural world by Swedish scientists , who warned that anything over 10 times the background rate of extinction – 10 species in every million per year – was above the limit that could be tolerated if the world was to be safe for humans , said Stuart .
" No one 's claiming it 's as small as 10 times , " he said .
" There are uncertainties all the way down ; the only thing we 're certain about is the extent is way beyond what 's natural and it 's getting worse . "
Many more species are " discovered " every year around the world , than are recorded extinct , but these " new " plants and animals are existing species found by humans for the first time , not newly evolved species .
In addition to extinctions , the IUCN has listed 208 species as " possibly extinct " , some of which have not been seen for decades .
Nearly 17,300 species are considered under threat , some in such small populations that only successful conservation action can stop them from becoming extinct in future .
This includes one - in - five mammals assessed , one - in - eight birds , one - in - three amphibians , and one - in - four corals .
Later this year the Convention on Biological Diversity is expected to formally declare that the pledge by world leaders in 2002 to reduce the rate of biodiversity loss by 2010 has not been met , and to agree new , stronger targets .
Despite the worsening problem , and the increasing threat of climate change , experts stress that understanding of the problems which drive plants and animals to extinction has improved greatly , and that targeted conservation can be successful in saving species from likely extinction in the wild .
This year has been declared the International Year of Biodiversity and it is also hoped that a major UN report this summer , on the economics of ecosystems and biodiversity , will encourage governments to devote more funds to conservation .
Professor Norman MacLeod , keeper of palaeontology at the Natural History Museum in London , cautioned that when fossil experts find evidence of a great extinction it can appear in a layer of rock covering perhaps 10,000 years , so they cannot say for sure if there was a sudden crisis or a build up of abnormally high extinction rates over centuries or millennia .
For this reason , the " mathematical artefacts " of extinction estimates were not sufficient to be certain about the current state of extinction , said MacLeod .
" If things are n't falling dead at your feel that does n't mean you 're not in the middle of a big extinction event , " he said .
" By the same token if the extinctions are and remain relatively modest then the changes , [ even ] aggregated over many years , are still going to end up a relatively modest extinction event . "
Species on the brink of being declared extinct
The International Union for the Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) lists 208 species as " possibly extinct " , more than half of which are amphibians .
They are defined as species which are " on the balance of evidence likely to be extinct , but for which there is a small chance that they may still be extant " .
Kouprey ( or Grey ox ; Bos sauveli )
What : Wild cattle with horns that live in small herds
Domain : Mostly Cambodia ; also Laos , Vietnam , Thailand
Population :
No first - hand sightings since 1969
Main threats : hunting for meat and trade , livestock diseases and habitat destruction
Webbed - footed coqui ( or stream coqui ; Eleutherodactylus karlschmidti )
What : Large black frog living in mountain streams
Domain : East and west Puerto Rico
Population : Not seen since 1976
Main threats : Disease ( chytridiomycosis ) , climate change and invasive predators
Golden coqui frog ( Eleutherodactylus jasperi )
What : Small orange frog living in forest or open rocky areas
Domain : Sierra de Cayey , Puerto Rico
Population :
No sightings since 1981
Main threats : Unknown but suspected habitat destruction , climate change , disease ( chytridiomycosis ) and invasive predators
Spix 's macaw ( or little blue macaw ; Cyanopsitta spixii )
What : Bright blue birds with long tails and grey / white heads
Domain : Brazil
Population :
The last known wild bird disappeared in 2000 ; there are 78 in captivity
Main threats : Destruction of the birds ' favoured Tabebuia caraiba trees for nesting , and trapping
Café marron ( Ramosmania rodriguesii )
What :
White flowering shrub related to the coffee plant family
Domain : Island of Rodrigues , Republic of Mauritius
Population : A single wild plant is known
Main threats : Habitat loss , introduced grazing animals and alien plants
Source : IUCN and Royal Botanic Gardens Kew .
To mark the International Year of Biodiversity , the IUCN is running a daily profile of a threatened species throughout 2010 .
See iucn.org .
Berlin -
Für eine Stunde gehörte der Plenarsaal im Reichstag am Donnerstag den Abgeordneten der letzten , der ersten frei gewählten Volkskammer der DDR .
Viele saßen da , deren Gesichter man zwei Jahrzehnte lang nicht mehr gesehen hat .
Viele aber auch , die den Umbruch in der DDR entscheidend prägten und die später die Politik auf Landes - und auf Bundesebene mitbestimmten : die einstige Volkskammerpräsidentin Sabine Bergmann - Pohl , ihr damaliger Vize Reinhard Höppner , Marianne Birthler , Günter Nooke , Werner Schulz , Steffen Reiche , Wolfgang Thierse , Gregor Gysi und andere .
Und oben auf den Rängen saßen einige derer , die im anderen Teil Deutschlands Verantwortung trugen , aber die Vorgänge im DDR - Parlament schon damals praktisch von der Besuchertribüne aus verfolgten : Altbundespräsident Richard von Weizsäcker , Ex-Finanzminister Theo Waigel , der einstige Chef des Bundeskanzleramtes Rudolf Seiters .
Auf den
Tag genau vor 20 Jahren war eines der entscheidenden Ziele der DDR - Bürgerbewegung , der Runden Tische und der vielstimmigen Montagsdemonstrationen Wirklichkeit geworden : Erstmals konnten die Bürger in freien , allgemeinen , direkten und geheimen Wahlen ihrem Willen Ausdruck verleihen .
Das Ergebnis an jenem 18 .
März 1990 „ erfüllte nicht die Hoffnung aller und überraschte viele “ , sagte Bundestagspräsident Norbert Lammert vor dem bis auf den letzten Platz besetzten Hohen Haus .
Und er umschrieb damit vornehm den Frust vieler : Jener , die Anfang 1990 immer noch auf ein Fortbestehen einer zwar demokratisierten , aber eigenständigen DDR gehofft hatten .
Oder anderer , die die 48 Prozent der Wähler der „ Allianz für Deutschland “ als tumbe Kohl - Fans abqualifizierten , die die Banane gewählt hätten .
Diese Wahl sei „ ein Plädoyer für die Freiheit “ und ein „ unmissverständliches Plebiszit zur deutschen Einheit “ gewesen , stellte dagegen der letzten DDR - Ministerpräsident Lothar de Maizière fest .
Denn viele hätten längst erkannt gehabt , dass dieses System nicht zu reformieren , sondern nur noch zu überwinden gewesen sei .
Ein Volk sei sich seiner selbst bewusst geworden und habe sich selbst befreit , auch wenn es ein Parlament gewählt habe , das „ den historisch wohl einmaligen Auftrag hatte , sich selbst abzuschaffen “ .
Eine Wahlbeteiligung von 93,4
Prozent werde „ wohl noch lange ein einsamer Rekord bleiben “ , sagte er .
Lammert wie de Maizière wandten sich dagegen , die letzte DDR - Volkskammer als „ Laienspielgruppe “ abzutun .
Manches sei dort „ nicht professionell , aber authentisch und ehrlich “ gelaufen , sagte de Maizière .
Immerhin hätten Laienspielgruppen die großartige Fähigkeit zu improvisieren .
Lammert erinnerte daran , dass die 10 .
Volkskammer als Parlament „ nicht nur eines der fleißigsten , sondern eines der wirkungsmächtigsten in der Parlamentsgeschichte “ gewesen sei .
So habe sie in ihren 38 Sitzungen 164 Gesetze sowie 93 Beschlüsse beraten und verabschiedet .
Als ein achtminütiger Einspieler mit historischen Aufnahmen von Sitzungen der letzten Volkskammer über die Videowand lief , kam fast ein wenig Wehmut auf , bei den einstigen Wahlgewinnern wie bei ihren politischen Konkurrenten .
creamy oat milk , great for making with the leftovers from your morning serving and costs you pennies compared to the products you find on the shelves at the supermarket .
This recipe has basically the same quantities and ratios for making rice milk .
Is there a legal case against the health - care bill ?
With the votes counted and the legislative battle finishing , conservatives are turning to a different branch of government to fight health - care reform : the courts .
Their most promising tactic was to argue that " deem and pass " would be unconstitutional because the House and the Senate passed slightly different versions of the same bill .
Previous challenges on those grounds had failed , but this is a different court and health - care reform is a different beast .
But then the House rejected deem and pass and voted on the bill through the normal order .
Undeterred , conservatives -- most prominently Ken Cuccinelli , Virginia 's ambitious attorney general -- are planning to file suit against the individual mandate .
So is this -- or any of the other challenges being contemplated by conservatives -- likely to work ?
The basic answer is that the Supreme Court does not like to invalidate important laws passed by Congress .
But for a more thorough look , see this article by Dave Weigel ( who will soon be my colleague here at The Post ! ) .
To put it very simply :
This is good politics for conservatives but an unlikely legal strategy .
And as Dave 's article makes clear , the politicians pushing it know that as well as anyone .
Two of the grounds for challenges that most excited conservatives ( " deem and pass " and the Nelson deal ) will not be relevant to the final bill , as " deem and pass " was n't used and the Nelson deal is going to be erased in reconciliation .
That means conservatives are largely left with the individual mandate -- an idea developed by the conservative Heritage Foundation and passed into law in Massachusetts by Republican presidential aspirant Mitt Romney -- and that 's very unlikely to be repealed .
It 's also less important if it is repealed .
The virtue of challenging how the law is passed is that a successful effort could invalidate the whole thing .
Not so with the individual mandate , which is a small ( though important ) piece of the bill .
If the unlikely happened and the mandate was repealed , you could simply replace it with something like this and the bill would work very much as intended .
And as a final note , let me propose a new rule :
No conservative who supports these legal challenges can complain about activist judges ever again .
In spring 2009 , the Western media caused a brouhaha over computer game Rapelay .
The game was released in 2006 , and CNN is only now covering the controversy .
Why ?
Advertisement
To bring everyone up to speed , Rapelay allows the player to have his way with the game 's three female characters .
The title is out of print and after the game started to get flak , Illusion , the company that created Rapelay , pulled the title from its website .
" We are simply bewildered by the move , " said Illusion spokesman Makoto Nakaoka .
" We make the games for the domestic market and abide by laws here .
We cannot possibly comment on ( the campaign ) because we do n't sell them overseas . "
New York - based Equality Now kicked off a campaign in May 2009 " against rape simulator games and the normalization of sexual violence in Japan " .
Advertisement
To be clear , the game company legally released the game in Japan in 2006 .
And in 2009 , the West discovered it and got upset .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Japanese politicians in the New Komeito Party , pinning erotic games as a cause for Japanese sex crime , stating , " There is a very good chance that the influence of violent sex games far exceeds that of regular pornography . "
Japan has one of the lowest rates of reported rape :
UN Rape Rates per 100,000 Canada : 78.08
Australia : 77.79
USA : 32.05
Sweden : 24.47
UK : 16.23
France : 14.36
S. Korea : 12.98
Germany : 9.12
Russia : 4.78
Taiwan : 4.08
Japan : 1.78
Advertisement
While these game makers broke no Japanese laws , the country 's Ethics Organization of Computer Software held an emergency meeting in June 2009 in which nearly 100 representatives from various erotic game companies concluded that the manufacturer and sale of rape - type games should cease .
This was not a government decision or even a legal one , but instead a self - policing policy on the part of the EOCS .
Advertisement
Thus , erotic game makers decided not to make any more rape games .
What 's more , game makers began giving their titles " cleaner " titles for adult games that were already scheduled to come out in the wake of the controversy .
For example , " Slave Maiden 's Rape Hell " became " Young Girl 's Prison " .
Japanese adult video game makers retreated , some erotic game company websites even blocked foreign access .
Retailers began renaming the " rape " genre category , and Kyoto cops arrested one Japanese man for illegally sharing the game on the internet .
( One Japanese erotic game company dealt with the entire situation tongue planted firmly in cheek with this title screen . )
Advertisement
Yet , CNN still felt the topic deserved merit .
The angle ?
Japan needs to deal with erotic game makers in a far stricter way because these video games can be leaked onto the internet and then foreign people can download them .
Um , yeah .
Think of all the things on the internet right now — all the horrible , disagreeable things , and people are upset about an out of print computer game .
( The other game that CNN features is " Chain Trap " , a computer rape game from 2004 . )
People are getting all in a huff about used video games !
Concentrating on games that are years old is a bet like getting upset right now about Cannibal Ferox and then condemning all horror games based on that title .
Advertisement
In the U.S. , pornography featuring staged rape is legal , because both actors are consenting adults .
Granted , there are obscenity laws that exist in the U.S. , but these niche videos exist in America .
They also exist in Japanese pornography ; however , unlike their Western counterparts , the genitalia of the Japanese performers are censored .
Contrary to what the CNN piece leads viewers to believe , there are obscenity laws in Japan .
Going by CNN 's angle that these games should been policed even more because they are being leaked online , one could argue for the censorship of genitalia of Western adult video actors due to the difference in censorship laws !
Advertisement
The real peg for the CNN story is the virtual child porn bill that was proposed by the Tokyo Municipal Government , which would amend the Metropolitan Tokyo youth welfare law on child pornography and limit the manner in which " nonexistent youths " are represented as well as clauses that call for the filtering of images of minors online and via mobile phone .
The " visual depictions " are understood to encompass underage characters in manga , anime , computer games and video games - i.e. , virtual characters .
Some of Japan 's most beloved anime and manga creators stood up to this bill , stating that it impedes on freedom of expression .
The bill has since been delayed .
Advertisement
Instead of discussing this bill in any sort of depth , the Western media 's favorite Japan - is - so - messed - up punching bag , Rapelay , has been dragged out for another round of " those in glass houses to toss stones " .
' RapeLay ' video game goes viral amid outrage [ CNN.com ]
The Kleptones are fronted by Eric Kleptone , a DJ from the United Kingdom .
They produce internet - only bastard pop albums .
Typically , they mix rock / R&B instrumentals with hip - hop rock and pop vocals , alongside cut - up spoken - word samples from a wide range of film , radio and television sources .
Their first release was the eclectic EP " Never Trust Originality " in 2002 .
This was followed in 2004 with " Yoshimi Battles The Hip - Hop Robots " , which blended the Flaming Lips music with rap vocals from hip - hop stars past and present .
Later that year they released what ha… read more
The Obama administration has proposed using United Nations - guided principles to expand a type of zoning to coastal and even some inland waters .
That ’s raising concerns among fishermen that their favorite fishing holes may soon be off - limits for bait - casting .
In the battle of incremental change that epitomizes the American conservation movement , many weekend anglers fear that the Obama administration ’s promise to “ fundamentally change ” water management in the US will erode what they call the public ’s “ right to fish , ” in turn creating economic losses for the $ 82 billion recreational fishing industry and a further deterioration of the American outdoorsman ’s legacy .
Proponents say the Interagency Ocean Policy Task Force established by President Obama last June will ultimately benefit the fishing public by managing ecosystems in their entirety rather than by individual uses such as fishing , shipping , or oil exploration .
“ It ’s not an environmentalist manifesto , ” says Larry Crowder , a marine biologist at Duke University in North Carolina .
“ It ’s multiple - use planning for the environment , and making sure various uses … are sustainable . ”
( Amateur outdoorsmen have been fighting for their rights for years , as the Monitor reports here . )
New way to manage marine resources
Faced with the prospect of further industrialization along America 's coasts and the Great Lakes ( wind turbines and natural - gas exploration , for example ) , the task force is charged with putting in place a new ecosystem management process called marine spatial planning .
Marine spatial planning ( MSP ) , according to the United Nations , is “ a public process of analyzing and allocating the spatial and temporal distribution of human activities in marine areas to achieve ecological , economic , and social objectives that usually have been specified through a political process . "
That kind of government - speak scares Phil Morlock , director of environmental affairs at the reel - and - rod maker Shimano .
Mr. Morlock points to references by the ocean task force to “ one global sea ” as evidence that what ’s really being proposed are broad changes to America 's user - funded conservation strategy , potentially affecting even inland waters .
“ I suggest that the task force recommend our model to the United Nations rather than us adopting the United Nations model , ” he says in a phone interview .
“ The American model is the best in the world , so our question is : Why seek the lowest common denominator ? ”
Protections for recreational fishermen
Mr. Obama has said he will not override protections put in place by Presidents Clinton and Bush that established recreational fishermen as a special class .
But critics still worry about the Obama administration ’s ties to environmental groups that espouse “ anti-use ” policies that put some habitats out of reach even for rod and reel fishermen , who take only 3 percent of America ’s landed catch every year .
“ Angling advocates point out that senior policy officials on the task force seem inclined to ally themselves with preservationists and environmental extremists who want to create ‘ no fishing ’ preserves , with no scientific justification , ” writes ESPN.com ’s Robert Montgomery .
On the other hand , nonpartisan experts say the task force has already made strides in better recognizing various stakeholder groups , including recreational fishermen , and that it does n’t intend to undermine the ability of states to manage their natural resources , as many fishermen fear .
“ There ’s been huge progress by the task force in terms of being more inclusive in thinking about economic , ecological , social , and political concerns , ” says Mr. Crowder at Duke .
“ The paranoia – and there is paranoia on all sides – is that the process will be captured .
My hope is that mutual concern gets people to the table . ”
The final report of the task force is expected in late March .
Congress will decide its fate , unless Obama issues an executive order establishing MSP as the law of the water .
Why XML and IT staff !@! K 2010-02-26 00:52:36.191529+00 by meuon 7 comments
I just got back from a users conference and saw a thing that makes me cringe : an engineer using excel to read in huge very nested XML files , and then use a macro that cut and pasted the data from one sheet , to another , to make it a simple one line per data reading spreadsheet , so that he could export it as a CSV , so the billing system would read it .
A little over 10 k records , 4 times a day , and it has to be run by a human , at least once a day .
The macro takes an hour plus to run .
I replaced it in under 100 lines of simple basic perl , gave him the perl code and a link to ActiveState Perl for Windows .
He e-mailed that to his IT staff ... and they wo n't let him install Perl , and now he 's in trouble for even asking to .
His work laptop is locked down hard .
The director of IT has e-mailed me legalese to fill out before he 'll even talk to me about it and is accusing me of subverting his organization ( I am ) .
All because I sat next to this nice guy at the conference while he parsed these files for his employer while in a lecture and I felt his pain .
[ related topics : Web development Content Management Microsoft Perl Open Source Work , productivity and environment Conferences Woodworking ]
comments in descending chronological order ( reverse ) :
# Comment Re : made : 2010-03-03 08:01:53.481853+00 by : brennen
Back when I still did the office temp thing regularly , I did a little data entry for a small non-profit who kept track of things in Access .
A couple times a year , they 'd pay three or four people for a week or two to correlate big stacks of signed paper documents with registrations entered via a basic web form .
About 70 % of the job , in terms of time , consisted of typing a number visible in one part of the Access app into a field visible elsewhere on the screen .
I 'll bet that just about everyone who 's worked with computers in the last 20 years has a similar story .
This stuff is everywhere .
What 's depressing is that I 'm now one of the folks in charge of automating the bureaucracy at a company with way more resources ( one full of technologists , even ) and I can just about guarantee you that somewhere in the building where I work , people are doing a bunch of equally numbing and pointless things in lieu of asking for real automation .
Of course , I 'm also pretty sure that it will be years before I can get around to providing all the automation I 've already been asked for , so maybe I should just keep my mouth shut ...
# Comment Re : made : 2010-02-26 16:10:09.08443+00 by : meuon [ edit history ]
I know just enough vbscipt , and this is n't that hard I 'd give it a try of there was an M$ - machine within spitting distance to play with .
Hmmm ...
# Comment Re : made : 2010-02-26 15:56:20.628558+00 by : other_todd
Things like this are why I 'm glad I work in a place where central IT is weak or nonexistent .
Sure , there are economies of scale for centralizing / standardizing processes , and god knows I 've wished for more standardization - but I also do n't have to deal with the " Mordac , Denier of Information Services " mindset which seems to infect all IT departments over a certain size .
# Comment Re : made : 2010-02-26 11:01:01.362141+00 by : radix
Hrm ..
I 'm wondering if you could have end - run them by using vbscript instead of perl .
Then no new install would have been required .
# Comment Re : made : 2010-02-26 06:23:50.624881+00 by : spc476
Back in '96 or ' 97 working at a Web hosting company ( one of the first in South Florida I do believe ) and one of our customers wanted to make reports available to their sales reps via their website .
Despite having the go - ahead from the CEO , their CTO was not thrilled at all .
So we ended up receiving ( via FTP ) a huge report that we had to re-parse into our own database to serve up the information ( and yes , the format on the report would “ mysteriously ” change from time to time ) .
And then I wonder , how many jobs would be eliminated if computers were used to their full potential ; without all the stupid work - a- rounds ?
# Comment Re : made : 2010-02-26 03:14:24.435104+00 by : Dan Lyke
I 'm seeing a number of places where a half a day of Perl and some web forms plus a bit of DB could move mountains , but concerns about support and lifecycle and the whole bit mean that such things will only happen if they 're contracted to outside companies with long - term support contracts .
Thought about getting in on such things , but it's not worth doing myself if I have to go through the bidding process , so the whole thing remains stagnant .
Yep , I understand the processes that lock organizations into this sort of thinking , I see how they get there , and it makes me want to lay about with a cricket bat .
# Comment Re : made : 2010-02-26 02:53:20.395961+00 by : markd
I used to work at a Large Consumer Online Company .
There was a " tiger team " in one of the call centers that concentrated on particularly bad problems .
As calls came in , they 'd fill out a form on - line , which generated an email , which someone then pasted into an excel spreadsheet , and then much later someone would process that data ( most likely shlepping it into Access ) .
After hearing a friend complain about the process , I tried to get some kind of db - backed system set up .
No -go .
The DBAs demanded a schema definition ( no assistance for me , who was a db - noob ) , plus cost - center jazz , etc .
I ended up running a Solid - brand db on my workstation with a simple webserver front - end for a year and a half .
Made the tiger team folks * very * happy , since I could quickly throw together slice - and - dicing , and made it easy for them to make custom info gathering templates .
They finally got it officially supported and moved to the main Sybase instance on my last day of employment , when they really had no choice .
Measuring 7ft 3in nose - to - tail and weighing in at 17st , Giant George is declared the world 's tallest dog
This huge hound officially entered the record books today as the world 's tallest dog - standing more than seven foot on its hind legs .
' Giant ' George claimed the prestigious title after Guinness Records officials measured him up at 43 inches from paw to shoulder , or 7ft 3in when ' standing ' on his back legs .
The four - year - old great dane weighs a staggering 17.5 stone and consumes 110 lb of food each week .
Owner Christine Nasser and George , a great dane from Tucson , Arizona , who has been declared the world 's tallest dog
He even sleeps in his own queen - size bed .
His owner David Nasser , of Tucson , Arizona , is thrilled George has topped previous holder Titan , a four - year - old great dane from San Diego , who is 0.75 of an inch shorter than George .
Before Titan , the record was held by another Great Dane , Gibson , of Grass Valley , California , who stood at 42.2 inches tall .
Craig Glenday , editor - in - chief of Guinness World Records , said that the adjudicator was sent after controversy over conflicting media accounts of the tallest dog .
He said : ' We can indeed say now that George is the top dog . '
A few days after he was declared a record - breaker , Giant George appeared on the Oprah Winfrey show .
Here , Mr Nasser recounts the whole experience .
David Nasser with George :
His fans can follow him on Facebook and on Twitter
He said : ' Oprah 's staff learned about Giant George thorough FaceBook and YouTube and were were insistant on having him as a feature on this show ; regardless of the Guinness World Record .
' As fate would have it , the timing with Guinness World Records and the Oprah Show came together flawlessley .
' On Monday , February 15 , the Guinness representative came to Tucson and conducted the official measurement .
' Triumphantly , Giant George earned the Guinness World Records for " Tallest Dog Ever , " and " Tallest Living Dog . "
' We then began coordinating the logistics of transporting a 43ins and 17.3 stone dog to Chicago .
' After much deliberation and discussion , American Airlines soffered to fly Giant George to Chicago .
' He would not fit in a first - class row , so he got three of his own seats at the bulk - head ... This meant that Giant George would be in the fuselage , like a regular passenger .
Mr Nasser shows off the award that declares Giant George is indeed the world 's tallest dog
' Needless to say , this was cause for much commotion on the flight .
' Throughout , many of the other passengers came up to take photos and pet him ... he was a total Rock Star !.
' There were so many people coming to the front of the plane , the pilot ended up illuminating the " fasten seat - belt " sign to get everyone to sit down .
Mr Nasser with George on the beach when the great dane was just a puppy ... albeit a really big puppy
' When we arrived in Chicago , we were shocked by the number of people who were wating for us in the arrival area at the airport .
' With flashing cameras and video rolling , more than one - hundred people saw Giant George strike a pose as though he was on a red carpet .
Needless to say , they ate it up .
' A limo whisked us to the Governor 's Suite of the Omni Hotel .
' It happened to be snowing in Chicago that day , and Giant George had never seen snow before .
' In the suite , he had his own twin - size mattress on the floor and slep off the jet - lag .
' The next day was showtime on Oprah .
' The limo took us to Harpo Studios promply at 8:30 where Giant George had his own " green room " complete with very soft bedding on the ground for him to lay down .
' There was a sign on the door that read " Unless you are part of Team Giant George , please do n't ask to see him until taping is over . "
' However , the sign did n't work so well ; we were told that Giant George was more popular among the staff than many A - list super - stars who had appeared on Oprah in the past .
' Everyone wanted to see Giant George , and he was happy to see them all .
' Everyone on Oprah 's staff was so nice , warm and friendly .
What a great group of people that work for the Oprah show !
' Finally , it was time for Giant George to go out on stage and have Oprah announce his Guinness World Records for Tallest Dog Ever and Tallest Living Dog .
' Without question , this was one of the most memorable moments for all of us .
Oprah was super friendly and the segment was trouble free .
' Next was getting back to the airport for the return flight .
American Airlines took Giant George to a private suite to relax before the big flight .
' When Giant George began the four legged walk to the gate , once again , there were more than one - hundred people waiting to take photos of Giant George ;
It was surreal to see all the people wanting to get a glimpse of Giant George . '
Gentle giant : George towers above ordinary dogs in a park near his Tucson home
Tall tale : George was given a row of three seats for his flight to Chicago , where he appeared on the Oprah Winfrey show
« Nespresso , What else ? » susurre George Clooney dans les publicités pour le café en dosettes inventé par Nestlé .
Quoi d'autre que Nespresso ?
Les dosettes Casino !
Début mai , le distributeur commercialisera sous sa marque des capsules d'espresso , pur arabica et autres décas … compatibles avec les machines Nespresso .
Jusqu'ici , les propriétaires de ces cafetières étaient obligés de s'approvisionner auprès de la filiale de Nestlé , qui a déposé de nombreux brevets depuis le début des années 1980 pour se protéger .
En théorie , ceux concernant la première génération de capsules tombent dans le domaine public fin 2012 .
Une jeune PME , Ethical Coffee Compagnie , semble avoir trouvé la faille pour contourner les brevets protégés .
Il faut dire que son fondateur , Jean - Paul Gaillard , a été patron de Nespresso de 1988 à 1997 .
Il travaille depuis deux ans sur ce projet et a mandaté deux cabinets d'avocats pour valider que sa capsule ne viole aucun brevet .
L'usine d'Ethical Coffee tourne déjà en région Rhône - Alpes , avec une capacité de production initiale de 300 millions de dosettes .
Chez Nespresso , qui a réalisé l'an passé un chiffre d'affaires mondial de 2,8 milliards de francs suisses , dont près d'un quart en France , on attend de voir ( et de goûter ) le produit avant de réagir .
Mais on assure que les ripostes commerciales sont déjà prêtes .
En France , le marché du café en dosettes est estimé à 1 milliard d'euros , dont la moitié pour Nespresso .
D'autres fabricants ont sorti des systèmes concurrents : Senseo ( Maison du Café et Philips ) , Tassimo ( Kraft et Bosch ) et Dolce Gusto ( Nescafé ) .
Mais Nespresso était le seul à avoir garanti , grâce à ses brevets , le monopole pour ses dosettes .
Un avantage de taille , car c'est sur les capsules , et non sur les machines , que les industriels réalisent le gros des bénéfices .
Capsules biodégradables
Il y a donc une place à prendre pour les concurrents de la capsule Nespresso , qui bénéficie de la meilleure image de marque du secteur .
D'autant que de nombreux propriétaires de machine , et pas les plus pingres , renâclent de plus en plus à se réapprovisionner , vu le coût des dosettes : 35 centimes ­pièce .
« Nos dosettes seront 20 % moins cher , assure - t - on chez Casino .
Et elles seront disponibles dans nos plus de 7 500 magasins , alors que les Nespresso ne sont vendues que dans dix - sept boutiques dans l'Hexagone , ainsi que sur Internet . »
Elles seront ensuite également vendues chez Monoprix et Leader Price .
Autre argument avancé par Casino : ses capsules de café sont entièrement biodégradables en six mois .
« Elles sont construites en fibre végétale , souligne - t - on chez le distributeur .
Même le filtre est en papier . »
Les véritables capsules Nespresso , en aluminium , sont critiquées par les buveurs de café soucieux de l'environnement .
À tel point que Nestlé a mis sur pied un système de collecte et de recyclage des capsules usagées .
Pour pour­suivre l'essor de ses produits à sa marque , Casino mise de son côté sur le développement durable .
Le groupe a ainsi promis d'abandonner l'huile de palme , qui contribue à la déforestation dans certains pays d'Asie .
LIRE AUSSI :
» Nestlé accentue sa domination mondiale pendant la crise
In the market for a mind - blowing , bed - rattling orgasm ?
These step - by - step instructions have been tweaked and tailored by sex experts to help you reach your peak every single time .
Now take control with these sizzling strategies and sex positions .
Contributed by jcr on 2010 - 03 - 22 from the great - papers - and - bad - video - sites dept .
The papers for the OpenBSD portions of AsiaBSDCon 2010 are available in the usual place , namely here
From the looks of the full list of speakers and talks , there was plenty of interesting stuff going on at AsiaBSDCon this year .
Sadly , someone who obviously does n't eat their own dogfood put all the videos up on ustream.tv ( a vicious Adobe flash - only site ) and ipcasting . jp ( a vicious Microsoft Silverlight - only site ) .
There will be no link - love for them .
ustream.tv , SD quality ( Adobe Shockwave Flash Required )
http://www.ustream.tv/channel/asiabsdcon-2010
http://www.ustream.tv/channel/asiabsdcon-2010-track2
HD quality one ( Micrsoft Silverlight Required )
http://bunji01.ipcasting.jp/asiabsdcon/
I actually spent a couple days looking for a way to use OpenBSD to access the videos from the ustream.tv garbage , but failed miserably .
On the bright side , in my failed attempts to flog ustream.tv into submission , with the help of sthen@ we did manage to build an update for the rtmpdump port and get a patch for it upstream .
Forever Metals runs true to size .
We carry sizes 5 through 15 in both whole and half sizes in most styles .
There are a few styles that start at a size 4 through 16 .
Forever Metals also carries quarter sizes .
Quarter sizes are not listed on the website only available through customer request .
If you are interested in quarter sizes please contact our Sales staff .
The Sales team will be able to check if your size is available and take your order over the phone .
In stock orders ship within 1 business day of cleared payment .
Shipping in the United States is free for Priority Service .
Please see our shipping times .
Read more on Tungsten Wedding Ring Sizes →
A list of shipping times can be seen on the Forever Metals delivery page .
Shipping times are an estimate .
Customs can increase shipping time .
Customs charges are also based on price .
The shipping paid does not include Customs charges .
Please contact us if you are International and want to quote a faster shipping .
International Services also have a Global Express which is 3 - 5 Business Days .
See list of delivery charges and shipment period →
Forever Metals hopes to make this important purchase as stress free as possible .
Our website has over 600 unique styles of rings for men and women .
If you do not see what you are looking for please contact customer support to get custom quotes on your one of a kind ring style .
In addition to the many style options your purchase is protected by a lifetime warranty .
Move over platinum and gold .
Tungsten rings are now a popular wedding band choice for men and women .
The advantages of tungsten outweigh precious metal competitors by both strength and scratch resistance .
Tungsten wedding bands are ideal for those that want a ring to withstand the test of time .
Please contact the Forever Metals sales staff with any further questions or concerns .
Purchasing can be performed through our secure website or by phone .
Check out our social media for potential coupon codes !
Tungsten bands are maintenance free .
Normal everyday elements may leave your metal ring looking dirty .
Simply wash your ring with soap and water to restore your ring to new condition .
Do not use jewelry cleaners on tungsten or chemicals that could break down the surface of the metal .
Please contact Customer Support if you have further questions in regards to cleaning .
Read on how to care and maintenance your Tungsten Rings → .
→ Owner of the Forever Metals ™ brand since 2005 .
→ Reached 13 years in business and still going strong .
→ Member of the Better Business Bureau since 2005 with perfect reviews .
→ Wedding Wire Customer Service Awards 2011 , 2012 , 2013 , 2014 .
→ The Knot Bridal Website and Magazine Best of Weddings Winner 2015 – Chicago .
→ Active in Social Media – follow us on Facebook , Twitter , Pinterest and Google + for promotions .
→ United States Manufactured tungsten products .
The past 13 years have proven that tungsten rings can stand the test of time compared to gold and platinum .
Tungsten is popular for not only a great price point but also for the many styles on the market .
Below is a list of our best sellers and why we think you should try our rings on for size .
Whichever style you choose we promise to deliver the Forever Metals quality that has been serving couples for over 10 years .
Forever Metals offers a Lifetime Warranty , easy exchanges and hassle free returns .
We also offer a lifetime trade in to " trade up " your rings for different styles over time .
Thank you for choosing Forever Metals tungsten rings .
All - Nighters is an exploration of insomnia , sleep and the nocturnal life .
When I can’t sleep , I think about what I ’m missing .
I glance over at my wife and watch her eyelids flutter .
I listen to the steady rhythm of her breath .
I wonder if she ’s dreaming and , if so , what story she ’s telling to herself to pass the time .
( The mind is like a shark — it ca n’t ever stop swimming in thought . )
And then my eyes return to the ceiling and I wonder what I would be dreaming about , if only I could fall asleep .
Why do we dream ?
As a chronic insomniac , I like to pretend that our dreams are meaningless narratives , a series of bad B - movies invented by the mind .
I find solace in the theory that all those inexplicable plot twists are just random noise from the brain stem , an arbitrary montage of images and characters and anxieties .
This suggests that I ’m not missing anything when I lie awake at night — there are no insights to be wrung from our R.E.M. reveries .
While we ’re fast asleep , the mind is sifting through the helter - skelter of the day , trying to figure out what we need to remember and what we can afford to forget .
Unfortunately for me , there ’s increasing evidence that our dreams are not neural babble , but are instead layered with significance and substance .
The narratives that seem so incomprehensible — why was I running through the airport in my underwear ? — are actually careful distillations of experience , a regurgitation of all the new ideas and insights we encounter during the day .
Look , for instance , at the research of Matthew Wilson , a neuroscientist at the Picower Institute at M.I.T .
In the early 1990 ’s , Wilson was recording neuron activity in the brains of rats as they navigated a difficult maze .
( The machines translated the firing of brain cells into loud , staccato pops . )
One day , he left the rats connected to the recording equipment after they completed the task .
( Wilson was preoccupied with some data analysis . )
Not surprisingly , the tired animals soon started to doze off , slipping into a well - deserved nap .
And that ’s when Wilson heard something extremely unexpected : although the rats were sound asleep , the sound produced by their brain activity was almost exactly the same as it was when they were running in the maze .
The animals were dreaming of what they ’d just done .
Wilson has spent the last few decades following up on this important discovery .
In a 2001 paper published in Neuron , Wilson and Kenway Louie described the behavior of rats that had been trained to run on a circular track .
As expected , running on the track generated a distinct pattern of neural firing in the rat hippocampus , a brain area essential for the formation of long - term memory .
This is learning at its most fundamental : a flurry of electric cells , trying to make sense of a space .
Here ’s where things get interesting : as before , Wilson kept the electrodes in place while the rats drifted off to sleep .
( The sleep of rats is very human , and consists of distinct stages , including R.E.M . )
The scientists examined 45 dreams and found that 20 of the dreams repeated the exact same patterns of brain activity exhibited while running in a circle .
In fact , the correlation between the dream and the reality was so close that Wilson could predict the exact position of the rodent on the track while it was asleep .
They were decoding the dream as it was being dreamt .
In dreams , our memories are remixed and reshuffled , a mash - up tape made by the mind .
Why does the brain replay experience ?
Wilson and others argue that the dreaming rats are consolidating their new memories , embedding these fragile traces into the neural network .
While we ’re fast asleep , the mind is sifting through the helter - skelter of the day , trying to figure out what we need to remember and what we can afford to forget .
So why are dreams so much more than literal playbacks of the day just passed ?
Why the non-sequiturs , the long forgotten characters and the unexplained state of public undress ?
Wilson speculates that dreams are also an attempt to search for associations between seemingly unrelated experiences , which is why it ’s so important for the controlling conscious self to disappear .
What does this maze have to do with that maze ?
How can we use the lessons of today to get more food pellets tomorrow ?
This suggests that the strangeness of our nighttime narratives is actually an essential feature , as our memories are remixed and reshuffled , a mash - up tape made by the mind .
But wait : for the sleep - and dream - deprived , the news gets even worse .
In recent years , scientists have discovered that R.E.M. sleep is n’t just essential for the formation of long - term memories : it might also be an essential component of creativity .
In a 2004 paper published in Nature , Jan Born , a neuroscientist at the University of Lübeck , described the following experiment : a group of students was given a tedious task that involved transforming a long list of number strings into a new set of number strings .
This required the subjects to apply a painstaking set of algorithms .
However , Born had designed the task so that there was an elegant shortcut , which could only be uncovered if the subjects saw the subtle links between the different number sets .
When left to their own devices , less than 25 percent of people found the shortcut , even when given several hours to mull over the task .
However , when Born allowed people to sleep between experimental trials , they suddenly became much more clever : 59 percent of all participants were able to find the shortcut .
Born argues that deep sleep and dreaming “ set the stage for the emergence of insight ” by allowing us to mentally represent old ideas in new ways .
Or look at a recent paper published by Sara Mednick , a neuroscientist at the University of California , San Diego .
She gave subjects a variety of remote - associate puzzles , which require subjects to find a word that ’s associated with three other seemingly unrelated words .
( Here ’s a sample question : “ broken , ” “ clear ” and “ eye . ”
The answer is “ glass . ” )
Then , she instructed the subjects to take a nap .
Interestingly , subjects who lapsed into R.E.M. during their nap solved 40 percent more puzzles than they did in the morning , before their brief sleep .
( Subjects who quietly rested without sleeping or took a nap without R.E.M. showed a slight decrease in performance . )
According to Mednick , the dramatic improvement in creativity is due to the fact that R.E.M. “ primes associative networks , ” allowing us to integrate new information into our problem - solving approach .
While Freud would certainly celebrate this research — as he predicted , dreams have “ a psychological structure … which may be assigned to a specific place in the psychic activities of the waking state ” — it ’s worth pointing out that the stories we invent while sleeping are much more practical than he imagined .
For the most part , they do n’t reflect the unleashed id , full of unfulfilled sexual desires .
Instead , we dream about what we think about : the mazes and mysteries of everyday life .
All this knowledge about the important roles dreams play in our waking lives is fascinating .
But it does n’t make me feel better about my insomnia .
Obviously , my old consolation — dreams are nothing but useless melodramas — is clearly false .
And though I eventually do fall asleep , lapsing into what I imagine is a rushed state of R.E.M. , I ca n’t help but be jealous of my wife ’s twitching eyelids at 2 a.m .
She is busy remembering , processing , refreshing — and I am merely awake .
Jonah Lehrer is a contributing editor at Wired Magazine .
He ’s the author of “ How We Decide ” and “ Proust Was A Neuroscientist ” and blogs at The Frontal Cortex .
The Constitution and the Bill of Rights have never been in greater peril than they are right now and the threat is coming from the US government , according to retired professional wrestler Jesse Ventura .
The former Governor of Minnesota appeared on Fox & Friends Tuesday to promote his new book American Conspiracies : Lies , Lies , and More Dirty Lies That the Government Tells Us .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Alright .
Strap yourself in , ” Fox News ’ Steve Doocy warned the viewers as he began the interview with Ventura .
The Constitution is “ under fire because look what happened .
They gutted the Fourth Amendment [ against ] illegal search and seizure , ” Ventura told Doocy and Gretchen Carlson .
He may have been referring to the Bush administration ’s “ terrorist surveillance program . ”
The program allowed the NSA to monitor phone calls , e-mail and internet activity without first obtaining a warrant .
Ventura also noted that habeas corpus was under attack .
“ They can now charge you with terrorism .
They can hold you without letting you see a lawyer , ” he complained .
“ It has me gravely concerned that we continue to see an erosion of our rights in this country and our freedoms , ” said Ventura .
With his concern about the erosion of freedom , one might think that Ventura has a lot in common with the Tea Parties but he sees a conspiracy behind the movement because they only began protesting after Barack Obama became president .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Where were those guys protesting when we lost habeas corpus , when they violate the Fourth Amendment of illegal search and seizure ?
They were nowhere to be found at that point in time , ” said Ventura .
But Ventura might agree with the protesters who are disgusted with the two - party system .
“ I just do n’t like the parties .
I do n’t like — do n’t get me wrong .
It ’s not individuals .
I despise the two parties .
Despise them .
They ’re ruining our country , ” he said .
The former governor went on to challenge Fox News ’ popular evening opinion personalities to interview him .
Ventura claimed that Glenn Beck , Bill O’Reilly and Sean Hannity declined to let him promote his new book on their shows .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ How come the Three Stooges on later at night wo n’t have me on ? ” he asked .
“ That ’s what I call them .
Larry , Moe and Curly . ”
This video is from Fox News ’ Fox and Friends , broadcast March 9 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
BBC producer who secretly filmed himself in bed with TV and radio presenters is jailed
BBC producer Benjamin Wilkins was jailed for eight months for secretly filming himself having sex with women
A womanising BBC producer who secretly taped a series of sexual liaisons with TV and radio presenters using a hidden camera was jailed yesterday .
Benjamin Wilkins , 37 , hid the CCTV device in a smoke alarm directly above his bed to record his encounters with a succession of ten lovers .
Another camera was hidden in a ' moveable ornament ' in his bathroom .
The ' cool and calculating ' broadcaster took the women back to his flat where he recorded them having sex with him .
Many of them hold senior positions in television and radio - both presenting and in production roles - but can not be named for legal reasons .
Last night one of his victims said he had left her feeling ' violated , sick and dirty ' .
He was jailed for eight months and was ordered to sign the Sex Offender Register for ten years after admitting 11 counts of voyeurism , including filming five women and setting up the cameras .
Judge Roger Chapple , sitting at Inner London Crown Court , told him : ' Parties to consensual sexual activity give consent to sexual activity in privacy , not for their very private acts to be covertly filmed for your later gratification .
' What you did represents a cruel , selfish and serious betrayal of the trust they placed in you .
' These offences were planned and deliberate .
I do not sentence you for your sexual appetite or your morals , what I do sentence you for is the trust that you calculatedly betrayed . '
Wilkins was caught when his girlfriend - and mother of his child - discovered a stash of DVDs hidden in a box in his loft when she moved in .
Each was labelled with the names of ex-girlfriends and colleagues .
One had her own name on .
She watched one of the DVDs labelled with a name she recognised and , shocked , contacted the victim , a former colleague of Wilkins .
The two women went to the police together last July and Wilkins , who worked for BBC London for several years , was arrested in July 2008 .
Police found his cameras were connected to a hard drive recorder in his living room - which he switched on when he wanted to start filming .
He later transferred the files on to his home computer , before ' burning ' them on to a DVD .
He admitted recording encounters with five women at his flat in Brixton , South London , although police recovered more than 50 hours of footage featuring five more victims spanning three years from 2005 .
Despite this , the girlfriend who discovered his secret is still in a relationship with him .
One victim said she needed counselling after learning of the sex tapes her former partner had made of them .
In a victim impact statement the woman , who had worked with Wilkins , said : ' Because of this case and the emotional effect it has had on me I know have trust issues with men and it's caused problems in my current relationship .
' I would have liked to have spoken to my family about what has happened but , because of the shame I felt , I could not do this .
' It has left me feeling violated , sick , dirty , and stupid because I trusted Benjamin Wilkins . '
Wilkins also lectured in journalism at the London College of Communication , where he met the mother of his child while she was studying there .
He dismantled the equipment before the birth of their son in February 2008 .
He resigned from his BBC job following his arrest , sold his flat for £ 270,000 and is living with his mother in Kingston , South - West London .
He admitted 11 counts of voyeurism at Camberwell Magistrates ' Court last December .
One count related to installation , five of recording , and five of observing the sex tapes in relation to five women between January 2005 and July 2008 .
In a letter read to the court , he said : ' At the time I was doing it I was n't thinking about your feelings enough or how wrong my actions were .
' It was never my intention that anyone would get hurt .
I now realise it was a terrible , terrible betrayal of trust and gravely unpleasant and dishonest thing to do . '
Wilkins , whose father Frank was a BBC cameraman , once won an award for local radio reporter of the year .
His mother worked as an assistant floor manager on 47 episodes of Doctor Who between 1964 and 1988 .
PITTSBURGH — Bank of America Corp. apologized after its local contractor entered the home of a mortgage borrower when she was away , cut off utilities , padlocked the door and confiscated her pet parrot , Luke .
Angela Iannelli , 46 years old , alleged in a lawsuit Monday that the October incident — which separated her from her 11 - year - old parrot for more than a week — caused so much " emotional distress " that she needed a prescription medication for anxiety .
A ...
It is time for us to come together .
It is time for us to act .
It is time for those of us in Washington to live up to our responsibilities to the American people and to future generations .
So let ’s get this done .
America 's unifying pride in this country 's Olympians should set an example for Republicans and Democrats to come together , President Obama told listeners in his weekly address this morning , declaring that " if we want to compete on the world stage as well as we ’ve competed in the world ’s games , we need to find common ground .
We need to move past the bickering and the game - playing that holds us back and blocks progress for the American people . "
This finding common ground is an admittedly daunting task , but not impossible , he said , pointing to passage this past week of a job 's bill and the anti-trust measure for insurance companies as evidence that Washington gridlock is not total .
And , of course , there was the health care summit , which he characterized as a " frank and productive discussion . "
He made some feel - good noises about common ground found at the summit , but he also listed the areas where conflict was rampant ( and stuck it to conservatives by calling the tax credits he proposed for small business and individuals " the largest middle class tax cut for health care in history " ) .
Some of these disagreements we may be able to resolve .
Some we may not .
And no final bill will include everything that everyone wants .
That ’s what compromise is .
Let 's hold him to aiming this " compromise " passage at the obstructionist Republicans and not members of his own party .
The full transcript can be found at the White House website and beneath the fold .
AN AUSTRALIAN woman and her 13 - year - old son are set to be deported from the US on Friday after the child was charged with punching a classmate and taking 46 cents from him .
Tracey Washington and her son , who has not been identified , moved to San Francisco last year when she married an American , Charles Washington .
Tracey and Charles Washington with herfive - year old son and her husband Charles .
Credit :AP
But now their family will be torn apart in a case that US immigrants ' rights advocates say highlights the human consequences of San Francisco 's deportation crackdown .
' ' I feel like they 've taken my right to have a family , '' Mr Washington , a 42 - year - old bus driver , told the San Francisco Chronicle .
'' They used our son as bait , just to get the mother to come in . ''
In an audacious new election strategy , Labour is set to embrace Gordon Brown 's reputation for anger and physical aggression , presenting the prime minister as a hard man , unafraid of confrontation , who is willing to take on David Cameron in " a bare - knuckle fistfight for the future of Britain " , the Guardian has learned .
Following months of allegations about Brown 's explosive outbursts and bullying , Downing Street will seize the initiative this week with a national billboard campaign portraying him as " a sort of Dirty Harry figure " , in the words of a senior aide .
One poster shows a glowering Brown alongside the caption " Step outside , posh boy , " while another asks " Do you want some of this ? "
Brown aides had worried that his reputation for volatility might torpedo Labour 's hopes of re-election , but recent internal polls suggest that , on the contrary , stories of Brown 's testosterone - fuelled eruptions have been almost entirely responsible for a recent recovery in the party 's popularity .
As a result , the aide said , Labour was " going all in " , staking the election on the hope that voters will be drawn to an alpha - male personality who " is prepared to pummel , punch or even headbutt the British economy into a new era of jobs and prosperity " .
Strategists are even understood to be considering engineering a high - profile incident of violence on the campaign trail , and are in urgent consultations on the matter with John Prescott , whose public image improved in 2001 after he punched an egg - throwing protester .
Possible confrontations under discussion include pushing Andrew Marr out of the way while passing him on a staircase , or thumping the back of Jeremy Paxman 's chair so hard that he flinches in shock .
One tactic being discussed involves provoking a physical confrontation at one of the three ground - breaking TV debates between the candidates .
In this scenario , Brown , instead of responding to a point made by Cameron , would walk over from his microphone with an exaggerated silent display of self - control , bring his face to within an inch of the Tory leader 's , and in a subdued voice , ask " what did you just say ? " , before delivering a single well - aimed blow to his opponent 's face , followed by a headlock if required .
The bloodied and bruised Cameron could then be whisked to a nearby hospital , where a previously briefed team of doctors and nurses would demonstrate the efficiency and compassion of the NHS under a Labour government .
Saatchi & Saatchi , the agency behind the poster campaign , are also considering reworked posters from classic movies , casting Brown as The Gordfather , the Terminator , and " Mr Brown " from Reservoir Dogs , or perhaps linking him to Omar Little , the merciless killer in the TV series The Wire , in order to burnish the prime minister 's " gangsta " credentials .
Another set of designs appropriates the current Conservative anti-Brown poster campaign , employing adapted slogans such as : " I took billions from pensions .
Wanna make something of it ? "
The Brown team has been buoyed by focus group results suggesting that an outbreak of physical fighting during the campaign , preferably involving bloodshed and broken limbs , could re-engage an electorate increasingly apathetic about politics .
They also hope they can exploit the so - called " Putin effect " , and are said to be exploring opportunities for Brown to be photographed killing a wild animal , though advisers have recommended that weather , and other considerations , mean Brown should not remove his shirt .
Labour further hopes to " harness the power of internet folksourcing " , the aide explained , encouraging supporters to design their own posters , which could then be showcased online .
The " design your own poster " initiative has caught the imagination of Downing Street strategists , the aide said , because it is cheap , fosters engagement among voters and , above all , nothing could possibly go wrong with it .
For their part , Conservative strategists are said to be troubled by internal research suggesting that several members of the shadow cabinet – including Cameron and George Osborne – would in fact not " come here and say that " if challenged by Brown , instead turning pale and running away , or arranging for an older brother to wait outside the Houses of Parliament to attack him when he is least expecting it .
By Anthony Reuben
BBC News
The death toll from Chile 's 8.8 magnitude earthquake looks like being a fraction of the 220,000 people who were killed in Haiti in January .
This is despite the Chilean quake being 500 times stronger than the one in Haiti .
Clearly , Chile is a more prosperous country , with economic output per head of the population more than 10 times greater than Haiti .
That has meant that buildings in general are better built , but Chile was also better prepared .
People in Chile knew the safest places to go to when the earthquake struck .
Also , since an even stronger earthquake in 1960 , Chile has developed a seismic design code for new buildings , which has made them better able to stay standing in an earthquake .
One system that helps buildings stay up is called the " strong columns weak beams " system .
The idea is that buildings are held up by reinforced concrete columns , which are strengthened by a steel frame .
Reinforced concrete beams are joined onto the columns to make floors and the roof .
If there is an earthquake , the idea is that the concrete on the beams should break near the end , which dissipates a lot of the energy of the earthquake , but that the steel reinforcement should survive and the columns should stay standing , which means the building will stay upright .
The problem is that an 8.8 magnitude earthquake is " towards the top end of what you 're designing for " , according to Professor Colin Taylor , professor of earthquake engineering at Bristol University .
A mitigating factor in the Chilean quake was that its epicentre was 21 miles ( 34 km ) underground , off - shore and 70 miles ( 115 km ) from the nearest big city , Concepcion .
The energy from earthquakes falls the further away you are from the centre .
The Haitian quake on the other hand was only 8 miles ( 13 km ) underground and right on the edge of Port - au - Prince .
Tran Chieu
Minh recently asked on Math Overflow why the definition of a function is asymmetric : it treats the domain and the codomain differently .
In other words , why privilege functions over relations ?
( Edit : Tran has since deleted the question . )
I think this is an interesting question , but I do n’t think it ’s appropriate for Math Overflow , so I ’m redirecting discussion of it here .
My own answer is below .
First , I think it ’s important to recognize that thinking of mathematics in terms of sets and functions is a specific historical choice that mathematicians have made .
Mathematics was n’t always done this way , and it wo n’t always be done this way .
For example , consider Terence Tao ’s recent blog post where he replaces sets and functions with oracles and algorithms .
There ’s no reason to expect that more radical shifts in perspective are n’t possible , although admittedly when you ’ve been trained to think in terms of sets and functions it ’s a hard habit to break .
With that caveat in mind , here ’s one idea I learned about from a discussion on the n-category cafe .
The definition of a function has its roots in the arrow of time and in determinism .
If you believe in determinism , you believe that the future state of the universe is a function of its current state : in other words , that to every current state there is associated a particular choice of future state , say one second in the future .
Determinism and the arrow of time privilege the past over the future because a given past always leads to a given future , but the same future may be the result of multiple pasts : that ’s why the codomain and domain of a function are treated asymmetrically .
Indeed , think about the naive definition of a function : it ’s a rule or process for starting with one thing and getting another .
These processes are supposed to be deterministic and run in some amount of time : you start with an input and at some future time you obtain an output .
What else can we say ?
Well , a fundamental reason to study functions on a set is to study some property of the elements of , where the function is precisely that property .
Properties , of course , may take values in any other kind of set .
( An equivalent way to say this is that functions on a set are tantamount to equivalence relations . )
There is a sort of “ dual ” reason to study functions into a set , but I do n’t think it ’s as interesting in as it is in other categories because a function is just a special type of function .
There is some very interesting discussion of these kinds of questions for more general categories in Lawvere and Schanuel .
I think there is a second question in the subtext of this question , though :
Why are functions such a successful framework for organizing mathematics ?
In other words , why are functions so powerful that it is n’t necessary to step up to relations , for example ?
( Relations can , of course , themselves be described using functions . )
I think one answer here is Yoneda ’s lemma , which implies that any locally small category can be “ represented ” as a certain category of sets and functions between those sets .
( It implies , for example , that the category of sets and relations can be represented in this way ! )
There is probably a deeper reason , although I ca n’t think of anything intelligent to say about it at the moment .
Tuesday , November 22 , 2005
The California - based non-profit organization Electronic Frontier Foundation , as well as the Attorney General of Texas , has filed a law suit against Sony Computer Entertainment of America for their controversial use of anti-piracy software .
The EFF claims that the digital rights management software on the CDs BMG Music ( a subsidiary of Sony ) produces acts as spyware , which the EFF claims is against Texas law .
The program , known as XCP , is said to install software on one 's system when they insert the CD into their computer for purposes such as adding to iTunes music software .
Sony currently rejects the idea of XCP technology being considered as spyware , however they have agreed to replace CDs with the software and to temporarily discontinue the installation of it on their CDs .
Among the controversy that Sony 's moves to counter piracy have raised is the accusation that their software leaves a machine more vulnerable to attacks across the Internet .
A trojan horse has already been found in the wild that utilizes one of the anti-piracy software 's functions .
Related News
Sources
