AFTER daylight saving was introduced in the United States in the early 1970s the television coverage of early morning traffic accidents intensified , leaving viewers with a strong impression that there was a link between the two phenomena .
But there had been no change in the rate of accidents – the media coverage had increased simply because early morning accidents were judged to be more newsworthy in the midst of controversy over daylight saving .
A similar case occurred in New South Wales in the early 1980s , when the Wran government ’s head of corrective services , Tony Vinson , sought to introduce urgently needed prison reforms .
The new policy was portrayed in some sections of the media as a “ softening ” of the system , and from that point on every escape was treated as if it were a test of the reforms .
Vinson ’s policies had made escapes more newsworthy , and little attention was paid to longer - term rates of escape .
In both instances , the news coverage carried an imputation of causality – implicitly , in the pattern of attention , and explicitly , through editorial comment and in the reporting the views of critics .
Preoccupied with the present and neglectful of the past , concentrating on individual events and ignoring longer - term patterns of events , the news media conveyed a false causality .
These two cases ( and there are many other similar examples ) make a useful backdrop to the controversy over the Rudd government ’s home insulation scheme and the largely unexamined assumptions about cause and effect that permeated the media coverage .
In some eyes at least , the government ’s scheme was a morally culpable and scandalous failure .
Typical of the journalistic commentary was Laurie Oakes ’s description of the program as “ a mess .
A shambles .
A disaster . ”
At every level it has been a political liability for the government and a triumph for the opposition .
It dominated the media agenda for weeks , especially after the revelation that four workers had died while installing insulation and that there had been ninety - four house fires related to insulation .
The controversy claimed half a ministerial scalp , with the demotion of Peter Garrett , and also managed to embarrass the prime minister and perhaps tarnish his credibility in the eyes of some potentially swinging voters .
The Coalition ’s rhetoric was extreme and unqualified .
It climaxed with Tony Abbott ’s claim that if Mr Garrett were a company director in New South Wales “ he would be charged with industrial manslaughter . ”
Abbott called the scheme “ the most monumentally bungled government program in Australia ’s history ” and claimed that the government was in “ electrocution denial . ”
His Coalition colleagues joined the attack , with South Australian senator Simon Birmingham claiming that the “ greatest threat to the safety of many Australian families over the last twelve months has been the home insulation program . ”
The opposition ’s framing of the issue was reflected in most reporting and commentary .
The narrative was one of disaster and incompetence , especially as the controversy gathered intensity .
As Crikey ’s Bernard Keane commented , “ Once journalists get the smell of ministerial blood in their nostrils , the old higher brain functions start switching off and the pack instinct kicks in . ”
The government was constantly on the defensive .
Even the denouement ( assuming that the affair has run its political course ) further damaged the government .
Just days after generously praising his environment minister , the prime minister demoted him .
And after defending the program , the government suddenly terminated it .
The sharp reversal brought fresh criticism , including a torrent of negative publicity about the jobs that would be lost because of the program ’s suspension .
“ Having howled for the program to be shut down , the media and the Opposition [ then decried ] the consequences of , um , shutting it down , ” observed Keane in Crikey .
So the government got little credit for the program creating jobs but lots of blame when closing the program cost jobs .
The government also suffered an ideological defeat .
The program was taken as evidence of Canberra ’s incompetence rather than the shortcomings of small businesses .
For John Roskam , director of the Institute of Public Affairs , “ this is the problem of Canberra taking control of these big programs without experience . ”
The Age ’s Shaun Carney thought that the “ bungled ” roll - out tested “ Australians ’ faith in big government . ”
Beyond the immediate damage , the negative publicity fed into existing , damaging narratives about the Rudd government : that it is better at announcing programs than implementing them ; that it loves the grand gesture but ignores the detail .
Any government will suffer if the presumption of incompetence takes hold , as has become the case for the New South Wales Labor government , and the insulation controversy could damage perceptions of Rudd and his colleagues .
Equally heartening to the opposition will be the perception that this case offers further evidence of just how easily Kevin Rudd and his inner circle are spooked when a damaging story seems to be running out of control .
The result is that the home insulation program has entered the conventional wisdom as an unequivocal disaster .
To appreciate fully why that is a massive oversimplification , we need to look at three wider issues : the sociology of the economic stimulus ; ministerial responsibility in the contract state ; and the pre-stimulus history of home insulation in Australia .
Designing the stimulus
THE HOME insulation program arose as one part of the Rudd government ’s economic stimulus package during the most foreboding days of the global financial crisis of 2008 – 09 .
Like its counterparts around the world , the government was seeking Keynesian solutions to the prospect of a deep and prolonged recession .
The theory was that when market forces are working towards a contraction in activity it is up to government , as the biggest economic actor , to create a circuit breaker by stimulating economic activity and increasing demand .
Later the boldness and speed of the Rudd government ’s initiatives was often ( and correctly ) seen as causing some of the problems with the home insulation program , and this was usually attributed to the Rudd government ’s wish to put the best spin possible on its actions .
While true , it was also consistent with the economic demands of the moment , to make a fast and big splash .
As a tool of economic policy , the stimulus worked .
Although other factors , including the strong demand from China and the sound position of Australia ’s banks , were also important , the stimulus played a central role in making sure that Australia suffered less of a downturn than most other developed countries .
The opposition has criticised the public debt that resulted , but compared with most other developed nations this is fairly small .
Moreover , the capacity to repay that debt – and , in the meantime , to service it – has been greatly aided by the success of the stimulus in minimising unemployment and boosting output .
Conventionally , there are three main criticisms of economic stimulus measures .
The first is that they often consist of “ make work ” jobs , which do no social or economic good beyond giving their occupants temporary employment , and disappear as soon as the government ’s artificial stimulus does .
To preempt this criticism , any stimulus package should focus on projects that will have some lasting benefit , which makes the construction of infrastructure an ideal area .
Providing home insulation , in this case , would not only create jobs in the short term but also have the longer - term benefit of reducing the power costs of each household and cutting greenhouse gas emissions .
In other words , this was a well - conceived policy with both economic and environmental benefits .
The second and third criticisms relate to the way that government intervention distorts market forces and disciplines .
Stimulus measures often lead to a sudden spike in demand in one area , but then this either produces windfall profits for a few suppliers or creates a situation where there is insufficient supply and standards drop .
Similarly , the public subsidy leads to prices in that area becoming considerably inflated , and in some cases opens the way for fraud against the taxpayer via claims for services that were n’t actually provided .
Both these problems arose in the home insulation program .
As the former treasurer , Peter Costello , said , “ Once you announce there is $ 2.7 billion of free insulation to be distributed , you can hardly be surprised when contractors materialise from thin air to take up the business . ”
Especially as the program escalated in late 2009 , the number of what have been dubbed “ rogue ” or “ cowboy ” operators is said to have increased .
It also seems that because the public subsidy basically covered the cost of the service , many consumers were less than assiduous in monitoring either the quantity or quality of the work they received , and there may have been some fraudulent claims for payment for work not actually completed .
Ministers and contractors
WHICH BRINGS us to the issue of where ministerial responsibility fits into this mix of public funding and private delivery of services .
The term “ the contract state ” was coined about forty years ago to describe the increasing number of services and products that are neither wholly in the domain of private enterprise nor performed by a government bureaucracy financed from consolidated revenue .
They are services undertaken by private contractors at the behest of government , or made possible by government subsidy .
Ranging from private schools and private hospitals to private electricity providers and private prisons , these have been increasing over the years .
The Westminster doctrine of ministerial responsibility , already problematic and inconsistently enforced , has not kept pace with this blurring of the lines between the public and private sectors .
In the contemporary world , ministers are sometimes held responsible for their own actions .
Very rarely are they held to account for the actions of their department , where there are typically debates over what a minister could have reasonably known or controlled .
Ministerial responsibility for contracted government services is an even greyer area .
Under the Howard government , despite the Labor opposition ’s best efforts , no official sanction was ever administered for any outsourced activities or the effects of the direct or indirect public subsidies to corporate entities .
Thus the immigration minister was not required to resign after the suicides and other great human suffering that occurred in the privately run immigration detention centres implementing the government ’s asylum seeker policies .
The foreign affairs minister was not required to resign because of the way the corporate monopoly entity AWB ( formerly the Australian Wheat Board ) was dealing illegally with Saddam Hussein ’s regime .
When the Howard government ’s policy of financially supporting child care through tax rebates for parents allowed that sector to become very corporatised , culminating in the collapse of the biggest corporate entity , ABC Learning Centres , no minister was held responsible .
In the home insulation case the Coalition was able to impose a definition of ministerial responsibility far more rigorous than anything previously associated with the Westminster system .
Now ministers are not only responsible for their own actions , and those of their departments , but for private employers whose actions are subsidised by the government .
As Bernard Keane wrote , “ The crazy logic of the pursuit of Garrett is that he must take responsibility for the actions of everyone who has received government funding , no matter how irresponsible they are in their own actions . ”
Peter Garrett is probably the first minister to suffer a demotion because of activities by private contractors drawing on public money .
In the pursuit of the issue , Tony Abbott , Peter Costello and former Liberal leader Malcolm Turnbull presented characteristically contrasting styles .
Abbott went straight for the jugular with the claim that Garrett could be charged with industrial homicide .
This could have easily rebounded on him if a more critical media had branded the comment as outrageous and irresponsible .
Instead it worked for him , raising the political temperature and dramatically putting the public focus on the government ’s culpability .
Equally characteristically , Costello was smugly dismissive of the whole insulation scheme , recalling in the Age that Turnbull had wanted to undertake a similar program in government , “ dressed up as a climate change policy . ”
“ I was against it .
I could n’t see why those taxpayers who had paid to insulate their own homes should subsidise insulation for those who had n’t .
The subsidy would only [ emphasis added ] increase the value of a private asset – the private home . ”
Costello says he saved Turnbull from what would have been a disaster , and “ the voters saved $ 2.5 billion . ”
Under Rudd it was “ rebadged as a stimulus policy ” ( actually it was titled “ The Energy Efficient Homes Package ” ) and , inevitably , says Costello , it became a mess .
Finally , and predictably , Turnbull mounted the most forensically ( if not politically ) effective attack .
He said that the scheme showed again that Rudd is not a cautious , process - obsessed bureaucrat but rather a free - wheeling spin merchant , and criticised the lack of planning and preparation before launching the program .
He also argued , quite plausibly , that if the rebate covers the whole cost of installation , then the householder has less interest in seeing it is done properly .
It is interesting that conservative critics studiously avoid acknowledging any difference between the actions of government bureaucracies and those of businesses receiving public money .
Costello extended his critique of the home insulation program by proceeding to criticise “ the idea that the Commonwealth should take over and run [ emphasis added ] public hospitals , ” while the IPA ’s Roskam attributed the problems with the home insulation program to “ Canberra taking control . ”
In fact it is meant to be one of the virtues of the contract state that the public outsourcing of activities achieves market disciplines and efficiencies in contrast to government bureaucracies undertaking them .
Insulated from history
TO EVALUATE the achievements and failings of the scheme , it is important to recognise that home insulation was already a sizable industry .
The government ’s policy did not introduce new activities ; it radically increased the scale of existing practices .
So , in assessing the government ’s responsibility for developments during 2009 and early 2010 , the task is to disentangle which problems arose from an accentuation of existing sub- standard practices and which occurred because of an emphasis on quantity over quality and a drop in standards as new operators flooded into the industry .
While some conclusions – for example , that the standard of work fell – are plausible , we ca n’t know for certain because there are no baseline measures of previous practices and outcomes .
In 2008 , 3.18 million Australian dwellings ( or 61 per cent ) had insulation , and approximately 67,000 homes were insulated each year .
The largest number of insulated homes had batts in the ceiling ; a minority used foil .
On average , between eighty and eighty - five fires per year were attributed to insulation faults , but no breakdown is available to show which of these arose from newly installed insulation and which from longer - standing insulation .
The Rudd government ’s scheme was unprecedented in its scope , aiming to insulate two million homes in two and a half years at a cost of $ 2.45 billion .
By the time the program was suspended last month , 1.1 million homes had been insulated with $ 1.4 billion approved for payment .
These installations amount to roughly half the number of homes that had no insulation in 2008 .
It should also be remembered that the work done was disproportionately in older dwellings , which no doubt added to the difficulties of safe installation .
The benefits of home insulation have not been questioned by any of the program ’s critics .
The Department of Environment estimated that insulation would cut the normal household ’s energy bills by around $ 200 a year .
According to one estimate during the controversy , putting ceiling insulation in 2.2 million homes would save as much energy as taking a million cars off the road ; a more conservative estimate said that 1.1 million insulated homes was the equivalent of taking 300,000 cars off the road .
Another estimate said that ceiling insulation cuts household energy use by up to 45 per cent , while the Total Environment Centre said it would cut it by 25 per cent in centrally heated homes and 18 per cent in space - heated homes .
Whatever the actual figures , the environmental benefits are clearly substantial .
When the program began , home insulation had few special regulations , although it was , of course , subject to normal work and safety provisions and employers ’ duty of care .
No certification was needed to enter the field , and indeed insulation was frequently installed by householders themselves .
The lack of licensing and training in the area allowed sub - standard work to be completed and sub - standard occupational safety procedures to be followed .
Although the numbers and proportions of each almost certainly increased as a result of the stimulus , the lack of existing safeguards also meant that an unknown number of instances of both shortcomings probably occurred in the past but had passed beneath the public radar .
Both licensing and training have been dramatically improved as a result of the program .
As the increased scale and perhaps the decline in the quality of some work exposed more problems , the department mounted a national training and audit program , largely filling the regulatory vacuum that had permitted the previous abuses and problems .
At best there is a grey area here .
On the one hand it can be argued that it would be unreasonable for the department to anticipate all of these issues , and it can be argued that it acted fairly quickly once problems became apparent .
On the other , should it have anticipated that such an expansion of funding would attract problematic operators and practices , and therefore acted pre-emptively ?
“ Every new fire and its front page headline will remind voters of the Rudd government ’s recklessness and ineptitude , ” the Australian ’s columnist Janet Albrechtsen has written .
Politically , she is surely correct , but that will happen largely because of the media ’s innumeracy and lack of historical perspective .
Under the program , the number of installations rose from 67,000 a year to 1.1 million ; the number of fires rose from around eighty to 120 .
In other words , as Crikey ’s psephological blog Pollytics has demonstrated convincingly , there is no statistical evidence that the existing problem of fires became worse with the program .
Rather , because fires from insulation were now newsworthy and previously had n’t been , this was seen as a new problem , one caused by the new policy , whereas in fact the number of insulation - related fires increased only slightly in absolute terms , and there was a decrease from previous patterns in proportional terms .
The most tragic aspect of the current controversy was the death of four young workers .
Although the coronial inquiries are not yet complete , one apparently died from heat exhaustion on his first day in the job and two others from cutting through live electrical wires .
We have no figures on deaths from home insulation before the program began , as the published figures have not been disaggregated from overall fatalities in the construction industry .
But we do know that each year there are around 50 fatalities from construction work in Australia , and overall in Australia around 300 work - related fatalities .
As Bernard Keane reported in Crikey , this number actually increased somewhat after the Howard government ’s changes to the building code in 2004 – from 3.14 deaths per 100,000 in 2004 to 5.6 in 2006 and 4.48 in 2007 .
Every one of the 300 work - related deaths that occur each year in Australia is a tragedy , not only the four associated with home insulation .
Every one of them should be an occasion for examining existing policies and practices , and many of them should have received more media and political attention than they have .
Few if any of them , though , should result in charges of industrial homicide against cabinet ministers .
Three of the deaths involved foil insulation .
Foil seems to have particular safety problems in proximity to live electricity currents , both during installation and later , as conditions in ceilings change and some areas potentially become electrified .
Foil has been used for decades and problems appear to have existed , unacknowledged , for a long time .
Now , thankfully and at last , these have come into public focus .
I do not recall seeing any warnings about the dangers of foil insulation when the program started .
Insulation proved to be a much more problematic industry than anyone anticipated when the government ’s program began .
Questions can be raised about the speed and adequacy of the government ’s responses as problems came to light , but here even a harsh critic must concede that on several issues it acted fairly promptly and properly , although there is certainly legitimate scope for divergent judgements about this .
Nevertheless this is a much more limited and partial sense of responsibility than could justify the general claims of recklessness and industrial homicide that became standard fare during the controversy .
THE HOME insulation saga has been indelibly defined as a fiasco .
It will be used relentlessly against the government as incontrovertible evidence of incompetence .
At the National Press Club debate on health this week , for instance , Tony Abbott said three times that a government that was incapable of rolling out pink batts could n’t be trusted to run hospitals .
But what was most striking about the political controversy was the stultifying and misleading narrowness of the news agenda .
It was depressing testimony to how seldom a complex or rounded picture emerges in political reporting .
The trade - offs in policy – between speed and size on the one hand , and careful preparation and targeting on the other – never emerged in the news .
The home insulation program had considerable flaws , but in news reports these all but completely eclipsed its virtues .
The economic and environmental achievements of the program never came into focus .
The media controversy was framed almost entirely by the political conflict .
The problems that emerged so spectacularly were a mix – in unknowable proportions – of shortcomings that had always existed in the industry , which now occurred in larger numbers because of the increased scale of home insulation activities , and shortcomings that the government subsidy and stimulus made worse because of the increase in unqualified operators and the lack of constraints on shoddy work practices .
As interesting as the urgent emergence of these problems under Labor was their previous neglect .
Insulation - related fires and electrocutions had been beneath the public radar for a long time , probably decades , and they only received news attention because of the political conflict surrounding the government ’s scheme .
The beguiling narrative of government blame and total failure owes quite a bit to a media that pursues controversies with little curiosity about history and a defiant innumeracy that treats every event as unique , and in the process presents a lop - sided causality and simplistic moral absolutism . •
Earlier this year , you may remember , the South Australian government tried to make it unlawful for websites like The Advertiser 's AdelaideNow to publish posts about political matters during an election campaign , unless they carried the writer 's real name .
The Tiser , and many of its readers , worked themselves into a fearful lather :
PUBLIC GAGGED
Government censors internet —
The Adelaide Advertiser , 2nd February , 2010
Read the full story as it appeared on AdelaideNow
The day that story appeared , the State Attorney - General , Michael Atkinson , backed down .
The law will be repealed he said , and meanwhile , wo n't be applied .
" ... no one need fear now that they are being censored on the net or in blogs , whether they blog under their own name or anonymously " .
— AdelaideNow website , 2nd February , 2010
Read the full article published on AdelaideNow
Well , they should still be a little afraid of Mr Atkinson .
Just a week ago , AdelaideNow published this :
On 8 December 2009 , a post appeared on AdelaideNow which referred to Attorney - General Michael Atkinson as a " crook " .
Once it was drawn to our attention , we removed it immediately .
AdelaideNow accepts that such a suggestion is unfounded and unreservedly apologises to Mr Atkinson for the post .
— AdelaideNow website , 22nd February , 2010
That 's what we call , in the trade , a grovel .
And it appeared as the result of a fierce letter from lawyers acting for the Attorney - General .
It surprised AdelaideNow , because it thought the matter had been dealt with weeks ago .
The offending post responded to this story back in early December :
Bikies gather in city to unite against anti-consorting orders — AdelaideNow website , 8th December , 2009
It did call Mr Atkinson a crook , which was certainly defamatory .
That 's why it was rapidly taken down , and this appeared instead :
AdelaideNow Posted at 6.42 PM ... Today , a post appeared on AdelaideNow which referred to Attorney - General Michael Atkinson as a " crook " ... — AdelaideNow website , 8th December , 2009
And so on - precisely the same apology as AdelaideNow posted again last week .
That first grovel apparently did n't satisfy Mr Atkinson .
And what has n't been revealed before is that he did n't stop at the website .
The man who wrote the original post made the mistake of using his real name .
And on Christmas Eve , Dean McQuillan too received a letter from the Attorney - General 's lawyers .
His post on December the 8th , it said , was :
... highly defamatory of our client .
— Letter from Norman Waterhouse Lawyers , 18th December , 2009
But Mr Atkinson was prepared to resolve his claim , the letter said , in return for ...
1. $ 20,000 as compensation ; 2 . Publication of a full retraction and apology to be posted on the Adelaide Now website ; — Letter from Norman Waterhouse Lawyers , 18th December , 2009
Mr McQuillan , who says he 's bankrupt , sent a robust response , and has heard nothing since .
But be warned .
In South Australia , at least , if you want to be rude about a minister in an internet post , safer to do it anonymously .
The state 's chief law officer is prepared to threaten an ordinary citizen with ruin for posting rude remarks on the net , even when they were taken down within a couple of hours .
Today we released the first ever Mozilla Quarterly Analyst Report , focusing on the State of the Internet .
This is the start of something new … in addition to metrics related discussions on this blog and across the broader community , we wanted to create a somewhat standardized , ongoing report capturing the state of the internet as seen through Mozilla ’s eyes .
You should expect to see this report released at the end of each calendar quarter .
Download Report ( pdf )
Why do this ?
Mozilla is in unique position .
We ’re a global community with more than 350 million people around the world using the Firefox Web browser .
While we are careful to ensure the data we collect and metrics we track are fairly limited , we feel compelled to share and evangelize the little wisdom we ’re able to extract from our numbers .
The structure we ’ve laid out includes two general sections – ( 1 ) high - level metrics related to Firefox market share and adoption that you should expect to see with each report , and ( 2 ) interesting facts and insights that will be rotated in each report .
Some key insights from this report include :
Looking across several sources of market share data , Firefox ’s worldwide share appears close to 30 % .
Usage / Adoption of Firefox this quarter grew most dramatically in Russia .
Where do people get the earliest start to their day ?
Hawaii , Wyoming , and Maine .
And the latest start ?
New York .
People in South America and Antarctica are passionate about personalizing their browser .
In one usage study , we found one person having more than 600 tabs open at one time .
( This last insight comes from Test Pilot , Mozilla Labs ’ platform for opt - in participation in studies and experiments . )
We are seeking input and feedback , so if you have any thoughts , please let us know .
New research in the FASEB Journal shows that high levels of phosphate in sodas and processed foods accelerate the aging process in mice and contribute to age - associated complications such as chronic kidney disease
Here 's another reason to kick the soda habit .
New research published online in the FASEB Journal ( http://www. fasebj. org ) shows that high levels of phosphates may add more " pop " to sodas and processed foods than once thought .
That 's because researchers found that the high levels of phosphates accelerate signs of aging .
High phosphate levels may also increase the prevalence and severity of age - related complications , such as chronic kidney disease and cardiovascular calcification , and can also induce severe muscle and skin atrophy .
" Humans need a healthy diet and keeping the balance of phosphate in the diet may be important for a healthy life and longevity , " said M. Shawkat Razzaque , M.D. , Ph.D. , from the Department of Medicine , Infection and Immunity at the Harvard School of Dental Medicine .
" Avoid phosphate toxicity and enjoy a healthy life . "
To make this discovery , Razzaque and colleague examined the effects of high phosphate levels in three groups of mice .
The first group of mice was missing a gene ( klotho ) , which when absent , causes mice to have toxic levels of phosphate in their bodies .
These mice lived 8 to 15 weeks .
The second group of mice was missing the klotho gene and a second gene ( NaPi2a ) , which when absent at the same time , substantially lowered the amount of phosphate in their bodies .
These mice lived to 20 weeks .
The third group of mice was like the second group ( missing both the klotho and NaPi2a genes ) , except they were fed a high - phosphate diet .
All of these mice died by 15 weeks , like those in the first group .
This suggests that phosphate has toxic effects in mice , and may have a similar effect in other mammals , including humans .
" Soda is the caffeine delivery vehicle of choice for millions of people worldwide , but comes with phosphorous as a passenger " said Gerald Weissmann , M.D. , Editor - in - Chief of the FASEB Journal .
" This research suggests that our phosphorous balance influences the aging process , so do n't tip it . "
###
Receive monthly highlights from the FASEB Journal by e-mail .
Sign up at http://www. faseb .
org / fjupdate .
aspx .
The FASEB Journal ( http://www.fasebj.org) is published by the Federation of the American Societies for Experimental Biology ( FASEB ) .
The journal has been recognized by the Special Libraries Association as one of the top 100 most influential biomedical journals of the past century and is the most cited biology journal worldwide according to the Institute for Scientific Information .
FASEB comprises 23 societies with more than 90,000 members , making it the largest coalition of biomedical research associations in the United States .
FASEB enhances the ability of scientists and engineers to improve -- through their research -- the health , well - being and productivity of all people .
FASEB 's mission is to advance health and welfare by promoting progress and education in biological and biomedical sciences through service to our member societies and collaborative advocacy .
“ We ’re even now . ”
—
BUTTERSAFE EXPO 2010 !!!
APRIL 17 , 2010 !
It is almost here !
Less than 5 days until the most amazing Buttersafe Expo you will have ever experienced .
Alex will be there .
Arthur will be there .
I will be there too , yes !
So please , come eat pizza and celebrate good times , whether you ’re celebrating here with us or with friends somewhere else around the globe !
- Ray
Achieving the team ’s goal is above all , above personal objectives and personal rivalries as well .
At least that ’s what we sports fan believe it should be like .
But it ’s hardly any secret that in racing your team mate is your biggest rival …
Reminds you of the 2002 Austrian GP does n’t it ?
The race leader Rubbens Barichelo was ordered to make way for Michael Schumacher .
That was the Ferrari policy and FIA has banned any such team orders since then .
That day , Rubbens was Michael ’s biggest rival .
Two of the fastest drivers , sitting in the same F2002 which is till date considered as the best F1 car Ferrari has produced .
How did it matter to Ferrari even if Rubbens had gone to win the race ?
They would have got the same number of points for Constructors Championship .
Consequences were bad that day ; Michael was booed like never before ; Ferrari , Michael and Rubbens were fined 1 Million dollars for not following sporting regulation on the podium , in presence of the Austrian Chancellor .
Fast forward to 2009 , and I am not talking about Ferrari and F1 ’s silly politics this time , recollect the final laps at MotoGP held at Circuit De Catalunya .
If you have missed the race or have a bad memory , watch the following video …
Play that video again and you will see that Lorenzo lost because he made the smallest of mistake , a miniscule one to be precise .
He was off the defensive racing line by just 5 cm or something of that order .
The footage proves that neither of them can be said to be faster than the other , they just happened to run out of corners !
That lap was Valentino Rossi ’s ‘ most exciting and memorable last lap ever ’ and I am quoting these words as said by Rossi himself .
Jorge Lorenzo had joined team Fiat Yamaha in 2008 season , he moved up from 250 cc racing to MotoGP , the final and most premiere motorcycle racing class .
2008 season opening GP , Qatar , was where Rossi realized that his strongest competition was his boyish team mate and not Stoner or Pedrosa .
But many unfortunate crashes throughout the season limited Lorenzo ’s ability to challenge the top riders and Rossi .
2009 is when Lorenzo proved he is faster and smarter than Rossi on more than one occasions , but again , experience does count and Rossi won his 9th world title .
But something changed within the team after 2008 season .
There was now a proper physical wall between the two rider ’s garages !
Just take a look at the 2009 race results of Rossi & Lorenzo :
Rossi was not willing to share his bike ’s setup with Lorenzo .
Though the team ensured race data of both bikes was available for analysis to both riders and engineers .
Going forward in 2010 season , Rossi has managed to convince Yamaha to create an entirely separate team for Lorenzo with a different team manager .
This has never been done in MotoGP , Repsol Honda did n’t allow sharing of race setup in the interest of healthy competition between the riders , but Yamaha has gone one step further .
The only engineer ’s who will be able to compare both set of data , are the ones sitting in Japan in the Yamaha RnD department .
Wilco Zeelenberg is Jorge Lorenzo ’s team manager , and he is pretty confident about the young Spaniards bike setup capabilities and his desire to win races .
He has been managing the SuperSport team till now which won in 2009 , and feels it ’s a good challenge to be up there and competing with the cream of motorcycle racing teams .
He reflects on Lorenzo ’s capabilities , “ He ’s a very motivated and focused young kid and I think that ’s one of his big advantages .
We do n’t have to motivate him , he is really eager to win .
I think the first three or four races of the season will be very important – to perform well and not make mistakes .
Valentino is a very experienced rider and he will take advantage of every mistake made by other riders .
I think the young guys will push harder when they make a mistake , and at the fifth , sixth , seventh rounds they will push and maybe make even more mistakes .
Jorge knows that he can beat anybody when everything is correct , but he should also understand that if not everything is perfect for that race he must be able to sit back and take a podium . ”
Will this be the move by Rossi , much before the season has commenced ?
May be , may be not !
You see , Lorenzo , till now has been riding on a bike that was mostly set - up based on Rossi ’s inputs , but Lorenzo is well known for his quality to adapt to the bike .
Going forward he himself will set the bike for each race .
What this means is that , the fastest rider on the grid has been riding a bike that was not set - up for him from the scratch and he will be able to do the same this season .
This could very well end up in Lorenzo ’s favour , he does n’t even have to match Rossi ’s setup as Lorenzo can almost ride any type of setup .
He just needs to find what works for him and that may be Rossi ’s nightmare .
Tests carried at Malaysia speak a lot , but should not be relied upon as the timings can be deceiving .
What needs a close watch is the tests at Qatar just prior to the season opener night race , because that ’s where all the teams just fine tune their machines and will run on a setup that ’s closest to the Qatar race .
But with the new engine and bike regulations , riders will follow a conservative approach to save the engine for first two races ( only 6 engines are allowed per rider for 18 races , so that ’s 3 races per engine ) , that ’s where the Honda and Ducati are known to exceed past expectations of reliability .
The Fiat Yamaha team is the only team where the difference in ‘ ability to win races ’ between the two riders is so small , if you look at other teams there is always a dominating rider and a second one who is trying his best to compete amongst top 4 .
These are the two riders who stole the show completely in 2009 , and at each race !
The team is where competition begins for each rider , but in case of Fiat Yamaha , their team is where the biggest rivals of MotoGP ride .
I just ca n’t wait to see them fight in 2010 again .
With its 1,000 - year - old trees , Hainan was a rare conservation success .
But now fairways stretch as far as the eye can see
The jungles of the Diaolou Mountains do not , at first sight , appear a very inviting location for a golf resort .
Leeches and spiders drop through the Jeep windows as we jolt along an overgrown logger 's track to reach this remote corner of Hainan , the tropical island that marks the south - eastern extremity of China .
On one side lies a pristine tropical rainforest with 1,000 - year - old trees ; on the other , a thick tangle of bamboo , cedar and palm has reclaimed an abandoned betel nut plantation .
Until now , this national park has been a rare conservation success story in China .
Clouded leopards and black gibbons are among the 300 endangered species listed in this sanctuary .
But while the jungle has been allowed to grow back , the park 's managers have been forced to watch with frustration as neighbouring communities cash in on one of the biggest , fastest surges in property prices in the world .
The value of land in Hainan has increased by between 50 % and 100 % since the start of the year , boosted by a government drive to turn the island into an upscale tourist resort .
For the park 's managers , the temptation is now too great to resist .
" We are sitting on a goldmine , " says Zhong Guanghao , the deputy director of the forest bureau , as he exhales a plume of cigarette smoke .
" Within five years , we 'll have at least two five - star hotels , dozens of town houses , a conference centre and a 36 - hole golf club . "
His colleague Lu Yongquan takes me to the proposed site in a four - wheel drive that judders across mountain streams , heading so deep inside the forest that there is no mobile phone signal .
" This terrain is very suitable for golf .
The environment is quite beautiful , " says Lu , who is head of the wildlife department , as we stop to survey the thick forest where his boss wants to build a club covering 300 hectares – the size of about 300 football pitches .
On the park 's map , the course is inside the core conservation zone , which is supposed to be off - limits to human activity .
But Lu said the government permitted experimental development areas to generate funds for wildlife protection .
" There will be no impact on the eco- system , " he insisted .
" Only the elite will be able to come .
It is not for the masses . "
The plan looks certain to stir up controversy .
" You would have to be greedy and heartless to build a golf course in that area , " said Yang Xiaobo , a doctor of ecology at Hainan University .
" The biodiversity here is not just important for this island , but for the entire country .
There are few rainforests like this in the world . "
If the plan for a resort sounds like the thin end of the wedge , it is not alone in Hainan , where golf is increasingly a tool for shifting land - usage rights towards an international jet set , often regardless of the environmental impact .
A quarter of a century ago , China had just one golf course .
Today , Hainan alone has almost 30 and senior officials say they want to expand that to 100 and then on to 300 .
This runs contrary to central government restrictions on golf development , which is seen as a threat to food security because it often eats up arable land .
But Hainan claims an exemption because , officials and local businessmen argue , the island needs golf to become the Hawaii of east Asia .
This is not the only motive .
" Golf is a real - estate driven activity primarily in China , " said Shane Templeton , course consultant at Sanya Yalong Bay Golf Club .
" It is just a vehicle to sell property .
You 're not supposed to be displacing farmers .
" Now , obviously , there are projects that have bent the rules a little bit , but that is up to the government to control . "
The environmental impact goes beyond land acquisition .
Established 10 years ago , Sanya Yalong is one of the oldest and best - run clubs on the island , but it still needs to fight a chemical war against Japanese cockchafers , ground pearl and other invasive pests that have been brought in with the imported soil for the greens and fairways .
Golf 's supporters say the amount of pesticide needed for courses is less than that applied by farmers on their crops .
Groundsmen also lay plastic under the soil to ease risks of water supply contamination .
But this too can cause problems if huge areas of land are covered .
" When there are several golf courses in close proximity , we have to be very careful about the impact on ground water …
That changes the run-off , " someone involved in environmental impact assessments told the Guardian .
" There are violations but I can't talk about them … Some projects start construction before they have gone through an environmental impact assessment . "
At the centre of such concerns is Mission Hills , the biggest golf development in Hainan , covering an area the size of a city .
The management company already runs the biggest golf course in the world at nearby Shenzhen .
Initial reports suggested the new development in Hainan would be far bigger : as many as 22 courses are talked of .
After an outcry , executives are now downplaying their ambitious .
They talk only of " at least six courses " , which are already either finished or under construction .
But banners displayed around the club still boast it will be " Number One in the World " .
It is an astonishing sight .
From the terrace of the newly built clubhouse , bunkers and greens appear to stretch endlessly towards the horizon on all sides .
Executives claims it is one of the world 's most eco-friendly courses because it is built on volcanic scratch land at great cost .
" What we are doing could be the future of golf , because we are using deserted land rather than arable fields , " said Jiaqi Li , the executive director .
" Not one family had to be moved for any of our six courses . "
But her claims are questioned by local people .
In Changyong village on the edge of the course , residents said they have been flooded for the past two years by water than runs off of plastic sheeting under the huge course .
" It 's had a huge impact , " said Deng Zhenhe .
" We never had flooding in the past .
Now it comes three months every year .
The water comes up to our waists sometimes .
Cars can't get through . "
At Bopian village , a crowd gathers to express their grievances .
" The golf club has cut down many big trees and the lychee and longan trees we used to farm .
Our sheep and cows have nowhere to graze , " said a man who gave only the surname Wu. " I was cheated of some of my land . "
Mission Hills insists the correct procedures were followed .
" The environmental impact assessment has been completed and all the experts have put their signatures to the approval , " said Li .
But the Guardian has learned that concerns have been raised by inspectors about the risk to biodiversity and water systems .
During the environmental impact assessment for Missions Hills , they found several rare plant species , including Ottelia cordata and Aportea sinuate , that are not found anywhere else on Hainan .
In addition , they warned of a potential risk of flooding and contamination of groundwater supplies for the nearby city of Haikou .
" We have not finished the paperwork because of these problems , " said the source involved with assessment .
" We have offered advice on the scale of the course and how to reduce pollution .
The matter is still very sensitive . "
Local government officials acknowledged concerns about groundwater , but appeared to be in the dark about the scale of the golf club 's expansion .
" Mission Hills has completed environmental assessment and received proper permission for only one course , " said Cai Qiao , director of the Haikou tourism development committee .
" I 'm sure they have completed only one course , not three . "
As he spoke , golfers were putting and driving on the finished courses and bulldozers were clearing the way for three more .
Hollywood stars are lined up for a celebrity tournament for the opening in October and , by next autumn , the club expects to host the World Cup of golf .
Permission is taken for granted .
Golf in China : the hole story
• A game similar to golf was played in China more than 500 years before the sport in its modern form was started in Scotland .
Jade - and - gold clubs were used in " chuwan " , according to sketches and writings dating back to the Tang dynasty ( 960 -1279 ) .
• The first recorded golf club on the mainland was established in Shanghai by British expatriates in 1896 .
The nine - hole course sat on what is now People 's Square .
Players from Shanghai often competed against rivals from Hong Kong .
• After Mao Zedong 's Communists came to power in 1949 , golf was condemned as a bourgeois imperialist sport and the few courses closed .
• In the modern era of opening and reform , the first course was constructed in 1984 .
This was followed by such a rash of golf development that the government grew concerned about the loss of arable land and tried to impose restrictions .
• Today , there are an estimated 600 courses in China , many of which dodge the regulations by claiming to be landscaping projects or vaguely defined property developments .
With golf due to become an Olympic sport by 2016 , its popularity is expected to grow .
Last year , Jack Nicklaus reportedly claimed the country was planning to build 1,400 public courses over the next five years .
Whitmer shifts nursing home policy with ' care and recovery centers '
Gov. Gretchen
Whitmer 's administration moved to establish new standards for nursing homes selected to help care for elderly individuals with COVID - 19
Polly Toynbee : Nick Clegg , as last time , was well ahead
Could he do it again ?
It was for Nick Clegg to lose – and how desperately the Conservatives needed him to fall on his face .
Those rabid press attacks only seemed to put the wind was in his sails .
Nick Clegg showed it did n't matter who stood where , except on the issues .
He seized the high ground and commanded the argument .
He outdoes the others in sincerity by refusing to stoop to seize any vote .
He stood his perilous ground on an amnesty for immigrants , while both the others were shameless .
His other danger zone was Europe : what bit of him was British , asked the Mail ?
But Cameron never laid a euro - glove on him .
Instead Cameron was put firmly back into his little Englander box in a pincer movement from Brown and Clegg together , leaving him sounding uncomfortably old - fashioned and dogmatic .
On Trident , Clegg beat off attack from both sides .
Gordon Brown was better than before , though his opening " like me or not " gambit was embarrassing to watch .
He made his strong anti-Tory economic case with an authority that did him good .
Why does Cameron fail to shine ?
Because the sincerity deficit shows , with slogans , mantras and an advertising man 's repetitions .
Up against the earnest Nick and sobersides Gordon , Cameron sounds oddly fake .
Television is mercilessly revealing , and lack of conviction tells .
He needed to retake command , but could n't quite .
A coalition with Clegg ?
It looked unlikely .
Verdict : Clegg , as last time , was well ahead
Seumas Milne : Brown and Cameron could n't catch up with Clegg
Gordon Brown and David Cameron had both picked up some of the tricks that helped Nick Clegg turn the election campaign on its head in last week 's debate .
" Get real , " Brown told the Liberal Democrat upstart .
The other two were guilty of " the same old politics " , David Cameron insisted , echoing Clegg 's earlier winning theme .
Both did better at looking human .
But when it came to what you might imagine would be the foreign policy centrepiece – Afghanistan and the war on terror – the large majority in Britain who oppose the war did n't get a look in .
All three leaders formed a common front against their voters who want the troops brought home – and behind the transparent fiction that the Afghan occupation is keeping Britain safe from terrorism .
We even had an " I agree with Gordon " from Cameron on nuclear weapons .
Clegg faced down the absurd attempt to paint any questioning of Trident 's replacement by raising it himself .
Perhaps fear of being portrayed as " weak " on security meant the Lib Dem leader failed to ram home his advantage on the New Labour - Conservative backed Iraq catastrophe – he only mentioned it once in passing .
But quite who Brown thought he was appealing to by accusing Clegg of " anti-Americanism " , or Cameron of " anti-Europeanism " for that matter , was unclear .
At one point Brown seemed to be threatening a new attack on Somalia and Yemen , apparently oblivious to the disastrous reputation of the terror wars unleashed by his predecessor and George Bush .
And how many of those watching could really disagree with Clegg when he countered that the special relationship with the US " should n't be a one - way street " , nor Britain be " at the beck and call of anyone else " ?
The two main party leaders still seemed to be trying to catch up with Clegg .
Timothy Garton Ash :
There was one clear winner – us
The man in the middle more than held his own .
Nick Clegg knows what he is talking about when it comes to international affairs , and it showed .
At moments , as he spoke of his experience negotiating with China and Russia , he seemed a commanding presence , batting away those inexperienced pretenders to left and right .
On Europe , his great test , he survived .
No more , but also no less .
Against that vaguely British Airways stage set , David Cameron will have won back some straying Tory voters by blowing the patriotic trumpet .
He rarely if ever commanded the scene .
When he tried to show fire , he sounded petulant .
This is just not his genre .
And he talked calmly about the prospect of a hung parliament – which makes it more likely .
" Like me or not , " said Gordon Brown , implying we might not .
He laboriously quipped about the other two looking like his children squabbling at bathtime .
" David is anti-European , Nick is anti-American " he said , in an obviously prepped line .
And later : " David 's a risk to our economy , Nick 's a risk to our security . "
Got to be even - handed between the children .
It did n't convince .
If you want the liberal centre - left , why not go for the fresh one ?
There was one clear winner : us .
This is becoming a good way to make our choice , not mere Simon Cowellism .
The prepared soundbites generally fall flat .
We get some of the real arguments .
British elections will never be the same again .
In just a fortnight , Britain may never be the same again .
Henry Porter : Gordon Brown is out of the TV race
We now know for certain that the leaders ' debates have enriched the general election .
Still , I do have doubts about the way debate and indeed the whole campaign falls into a hush between the TV events , as parties digest the results of one debate and plan for next .
The Sky debate was not as good as the first debate run by ITV in Manchester .
Several questions allowed the three candidates to reach a consensus and there was too much repetition in the themes , allowing the three leaders to come out with much the same answers as they provided last week , sometimes using exactly the same phrases .
The chairmanship of Adam Boulton lacked Alistair Stewart 's edge .
As to the three men , Gordon Brown 's performance did not pick up from his outing last week : he began to look more and more like the past .
He had little that was new to say and appeared uncomfortable when David Cameron challenged him to withdraw the leaflets that Cameron alleged lied about Conservative policy .
The prime minister looked tired and occasionally I found my finger twitching on the remote , as it does when I want to avoid an embarrassing scene on TV .
Cameron did much better this week with a more aggressive and certain performance , which seemed to relish his lack of likely alliance partners on the platform .
But at the same time he seemed a lot less likable , and at times looked the " good butcher " , which is how Asquith described the qualities of a tough prime minister .
Staring straight at the camera and appealing to the TV audience rather than the people in the studio worked for him , but you saw the aggression there and I did not respond well when he used the word " lie " .
Nick Clegg did much better in the foreign affairs section of the debate than I had expected and he succeeded in holding the ring , as he did last week , with a combination of good - natured frustration , which he does well , and a convincing desire to work with politicians of all parties .
On the detail of policies he was good and consolidated the gains of last week 's performance , though he clearly had much more to lose this time .
Cameron and Clegg were neck - and - neck with Clegg a whisker ahead .
Brown is out of the TV race .
• More Guardian election comment from Cif at the polls
100 - Year - Old Trick Squeezes Fiber - Optic Speeds from Copper Wires
The technology could enable 100 - megabit home DSL without an infrastructure upgrade
Scientists at the Virginia Bioinformatics Institute ( VBI ) and the Department of Computer Science at Virginia
Tech have used high - performance computing to locate small genes that have been missed by scientists in their quest to define the microbial DNA sequences of life .
Using an ephemeral supercomputer made up of computers from across the world , the mpiBLAST computational tool used by the researchers took only 12 hours instead of the 90 years it would have required if the work were performed on a standard personal computer .
The new study , reported in the journal BMC Bioinformatics , is the first large - scale attempt to identify undetected genes of microbes in the burgeoning GenBank DNA sequence repository that contains over 100 billion bases of DNA sequence .
The genes uncovered may have important functions in the cell , but those functions need to be established by further experiment .
Skip Garner , executive director of VBI and professor of biological sciences at Virginia Tech , commented , " This is a perfect storm , where an overwhelming amount of data is analyzed by state - of - the - art computational approaches , yielding important new information about genes .
These genes may be tomorrow's new targets for pharmaceutical research , for example to find new antibiotics or vaccines , which is extremely important since we need novel approaches to combat the emergence of new drug - resistant bugs . "
In the past few years , enormous progress has been made in sequencing technologies that allow scientists to produce astonishing amounts of sequence data .
Today more than 1200 genome sequences of microbes are housed in the GenBank database .
By far one of the biggest problems facing scientists is not generating the sequence data but reliably locating and assigning a function to the many genes in a genome , a process that scientists refer to as annotation .
This process crucially depends on sophisticated computational tools .
The field of bioinformatics is considered by many experts to have been started to address this very need .
João Setubal , associate professor at the Virginia Bioinformatics Institute and the Department of Computer Science at Virginia Tech , commented : " Scientists have known for a long time that publicly available databases of genomes have inconsistencies , errors , and gaps .
Some genes are labeled with the wrong function and for others the function is unknown .
But nobody had done a systematic study to verify how many genes were simply undetected .
This is what we did in our study - discover the number of microbial genes that are under the radar . "
Scientists have developed different computer tools to help them in their efforts to locate and identify genes .
Most of these tools work by building a model based on the features of the sequence and working out the likelihood that an individual segment codes for a gene .
Comparing DNA segments with known gene sequences stored in GenBank complements this work .
If a DNA segment is similar to the sequence of known genes , then the segment is likely to be a coding gene with a similar function .
Said Setubal , " Such approaches will not find genes that have unusual sequence properties .
Furthermore they will not find those genes that have not been detected up to now and hence are not present in GenBank .
Our results clearly show that there are many small protein - encoding genes in the genomes of microbes that have been systematically missed . "
The lowest estimate in the study placed the number of families of missing genes at 380 in the 780 genomes that were investigated .
Said Setubal , " This number is most likely an underestimate since we have been conservative for the criteria we have used for finding these missing gene families . "
Wu Feng , associate professor in the Department of Computer Science and the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Virginia Tech , remarked : " To facilitate the rapid discovery of missing genes in genomes , we used our mpiBLAST sequence - search tool to perform an all - to - all sequence search of the 780 microbial genomes that we investigated .
This process entailed running on the order of tens of trillions of sequence searches with mpiBLAST .
The all - to - all sequence search was done on an ephemeral supercomputer that aggregated more than 12,000 processor cores across seven different supercomputers , distributed across the United States .
It reduced the search time from nearly 90 years , when computed on a personal computer , down to a mere 12 hours . "
Andrew Warren , a graduate assistant at VBI who has been working on this project as part of his PhD thesis , remarked : " At the outset of this project , the challenge was to create a method based on high - performance computing that could make meaningful predictions from such a large dataset .
Through this work we were able to identify potential targets for future research and experimentation that can determine if these genes exist in vivo . "
Explore further Brucella abortus S19 genome sequenced ; points toward virulence genes
More information : Warren AS , Archuleta J , Feng W , Setubal JC ( 2010 )
Missing genes in the annotation of prokaryotic genomes .
BMC Bioinformatics 11 : 131 . [ PMID : 20230630 ]
Available on - line at Warren AS , Archuleta J , Feng W , Setubal JC ( 2010 ) Missing genes in the annotation of prokaryotic genomes .
BMC Bioinformatics 11 : 131 . [ PMID : 20230630 ]
Available on - line at www.biomedcentral.com/1471-2105/11/131
OK
×
We use cookies to optimize our site and give you the best experience .
If you want to learn more please visit our privacy page .
Alistair McConnachie writes : The Wonderful Wizard of Oz by L. Frank Baum ( Chicago , 1900 ) is a parable about Money Reform and the 1890s Midwestern political movement led by William Jennings Bryan ( 1860 - 1925 ) ; three times candidate for President of the United States ( see his poster at bottom of this page ) .
From 1891 - 1895
Bryan served in the House of Representatives , where he advocated the coinage of silver at a fixed ratio with gold , in order to break the bankers ’ monopoly and manipulation of the gold - backed currency .
Bryan and his supporters accused Eastern banks and railroads of oppressing farmers and industrial workers .
Bryan believed that a switch to silver - backed currency would make money plentiful .
Although correct , Money Reformers today would argue that money need not , and should not , be backed by either silver or gold , but only by the people , their skills , and their resources .
In 1896 Bryan delivered the following words at the Democratic National Convention : “ Having behind us the producing masses of this nation and the world , supported by the commercial interests , the labouring interests , and the toilers everywhere , we will answer their [ i.e. the bankers ’ ] demand for a gold standard by saying to them :
‘ You shall not press down upon the brow of labor this crown of thorns ; you shall not crucify mankind upon a cross of gold . ' ”
Although only 36 years old , this speech resulted in his nomination for the presidency .
He contested , and lost to , William McKinley .
He stood again for the Democrats in 1900 and 1908 , losing both times .
Carroll Quigley wrote about the 1896 Presidential election in Tragedy and Hope : A History of The World in Our Time ( MacMillan , 1966 , p. 74 ) : “ Though the forces of high finance and of big business were in a state of near panic , by a mighty effort involving large - scale spending they were successful in electing McKinley . ”
L. Frank Baum was editor of a South Dakota newspaper and he wrote the first of his Oz series on Bryan ’s second attempt in 1900 .
Oz is short for ounce , the measure for gold and silver .
Dorothy , hailing from Kansas , represents the commoner .
The Tin Woodsman is the industrial worker , rusted as solid as the factories shut down in the 1893 depression .
The Scarecrow is the farmer who apparently does n’t have the wit to understand his situation or his political interests .
The Cowardly Lion is Bryan himself ; who had a loud roar but little political power .
The Good Witches represent the magical potential of the people of the North and the South .
After vanquishing the Wicked Witch of the East ( the Eastern bankers ) Dorothy frees The Munchkins ( the little people ) .
With the witch ’s silver slippers ( the silver standard ) , Dorothy sets out on the Yellow Brick Road ( the gold standard ) to the Emerald City ( Washington ) , where they meet the Wizard ( the President ) , who appears powerful , but is ultimately revealed as an illusion ; the real Wizard being just a little man who pulls levers behind a curtain .
This can be interpreted in two ways :
Either , the President himself is really just a little man who pulls levers to sustain an illusion of power , or , the real power of the President rests with the little men behind the curtains who pull the levers and create the illusion .
When the real Wizard is exposed , the now enlightened Scarecrow denounces him .
Dorothy drowns the Wicked Witch of the West ( the West Coast elite ) ; the water being an allegory for the Midwest drought .
The real Wizard flies away in a hot - air balloon , the Scarecrow is left to govern the Emerald City , the Tin Woodsman rules the West , and the Cowardly Lion returns to the forest where he becomes King of the Beasts after vanquishing a giant spider which was devouring the animals in the forest .
Dorothy ’s silver slippers were changed to ruby in the 1939 film .
POLITICS AND THE WIZARD OF OZ
By Richard Jensen , University of Illinois — Chicago :
The following was originally from : www.uncg.edu/psc/courses/jktullos/policy/oz.html
( a link which is no longer working )
There are many variant readings of The Wizard of Oz .
I see it as an election story , and read it against the amazingly intense elections of 1896 and 1900 when Democrat William Jennings Bryan ran against Republican William McKinley .
At that time there was a profound hope by the pro-Bryan forces ( silverites ) that they could create a political revolution to overthrow the evils of the reactionary industrial order — but what would the revolution be like ?
1896 was a time of severe depression — much like 1932 .
Making silver money at the ratio of 16 ounces of silver to 1 ounce of gold was their formula .
In a vastly popular pamphlet Coin ’s Financial School the teenage fictional hero “ Coin ” argued there was lots of silver out West , but the world ’s small stock of gold was controlled by wicked bankers in New York and London .
Author Frank Baum was for a while a silverite newspaper editor in South Dakota where he watched the mounting excitement .
He wrote Wizard during the rematch election of 1900 , and it immediately became popular .
After the Wizard book Baum moved to Los Angeles and churned out a whole series of Oz books , none of which are political .
He also wrote a non-Oz novel that was a parable of the progressive era .
Did people at the time see the novel as political ?
Yes : on October 6 , 1906 the cover of Harper ’s Weekly magazine featured William Randolph Hearst ( “ Citizen Kane ” ) , the newspaper editor who was running for governor .
It depicted him as the scarecrow and the title was “ The Wizard of Ooze . ”
The tale opens in the present in grey , deadening , drought - stricken Kansas .
A sudden cyclone ( silverite triumph at the polls ) carries Dorothy ( every - woman ) into a flawed utopia — a land overflowing with milk and honey yet controlled by cruel witches .
The cyclone lands Dorothy ’s house atop the Wicked Witch of the East , killing her and releasing The Munchkins from serfdom .
( The money trust is deposed by Bryan ’s election , freeing the common people from bondage . )
However the Wicked Witch of the West remains loose .
The Good Witch of the North ( the northern electorate ) tells Dorothy that the Wizard of Oz may help her return to Kansas ( to normality ) .
To reach the Emerald City she must follow the Yellow Brick Road , which can be safely traversed only with the magical silver slippers ( gold and silver must be in proper parity ) .
Dorothy is protected by an indelible kiss from the Good Witch of the North ( an electoral mandate . )
On the yellow brick road , surely one of the most dangerous routes in American literature , Dorothy encounters the silverite constituents .
First , the ridiculous stuffed Scarecrow ( the farmer ) , who cannot scare anyone and who fears he has no brains .
Actually his behaviour shows him to be highly imaginative and responsible ( so much for the ridicule of the hayseed in big- city newspapers ) .
The travellers then encounter a vivid symbol of the oppressed industrial worker , the Tin Woodsman .
The Wicked Witch of the East had cast a spell so that every time he swung his axe he chopped off part of his body .
He is entirely tin now , a purely mechanical being who fears he has lost the power to love .
Alone he ’s helpless — he ca n’t oil his joints — but in teamwork he proves effective and compassionate .
( The industrial workers , dehumanized by industrialization , need to become aware of their latent compassion , and co-operate in a farmer - labour coalition . )
Finally they encounter the Cowardly Lion , who does frighten people but who says he lacks the courage to do his duty .
Working together the coalition fights its way to the citadel of power , the Emerald City ( the national capital ) .
The Wizard , of course , is a charlatan who tricks people into believing he wields immense power ; even his Emerald City is only an optical illusion .
( emerald - green paper money is likewise a delusion . )
To achieve true freedom for herself and her allies Dorothy must destroy the Wicked Witch of the West – who enslaves the girl before being dissolved by a bucket of water .
( The western elite , especially land barons and mortgage holders , are the remaining obstacle ; rain relieves the drought and permits the farmer to assert his superior power . )
The story ends as the Good Witch of the South tells Dorothy that her silver slippers are so powerful that they can fulfil her every wish , and they carry her directly back home , quite without help from the fumbling Wizard .
Alas the magic silver slippers are lost in flight when Dorothy returns to Kansas .
Utopia thus is possible , with the proper coalition , with the mandate of the North and South , with the silverite panacea – in the process the forces of evil will be vanquished .
With so much election literature featuring the ratio of 16 oz of silver to 1 oz of gold , the colourful utopia just had to be called Oz .
Purchase back issues of Alistair McConnachie ’s Prosperity money reform journal here
And here is a link to Alistair McConnachie ’s Google Profile .
REFERENCES :
Francis MacDonnell , “ The Emerald City was the New Deal : E.Y. Harburg and The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. ” Journal of American Culture , Winter 1990 , v.13 , n.4 , pp. 71 -
Hugh Rockoff , “ The ‘ Wizard of Oz ’ as a Monetary Allegory . ”
The Journal of Political Economy .
August 1990 , v.98 , n.4 , pp. 739 -
Richard Jensen , The Winning of the Midwest ( Chicago : University of Chicago Press , 1971 ) , pp. 282-3 .
Hot on the heels of their announcement that the CR - Z Hybrid was coming later this year , Honda is leaking some teaser images and details on their yet to be announced CR - Z Type R Hybrid .
Based on the infamous CR - X , a car that won numerous awards including Motortrends Import Car of the Millenium , the CR - Z Hybrid has obvious styling cues linking it back to the popular 1980 ’s boy - racer - wet - dream .
The Type R variant is going to feature a gasoline / electric hybrid drivetrain with a combined output of ~ 200 bhp , initial estimates have the manual version of the Type R managing about 30 mpg and we do n’t expect to see a plug - in hybrid version until the second generation in 2013 .
This pocket rocket is going to be hugely fashionable with the import - tuner - car scene in North America , the EU and Australia / New Zealand and as such will break new ground for hybrids ( and the acceptance of hybrids ) in a crowd used to openly mocking the Prius .
We think that we ’ll begin to see companies offering high performance electric motors and battery systems to boost performance and this will , in turn , give birth to a new “ high performance hybrid ” moniker which for young men the world over might just begin to make hybrid cars look less like Driving Miss Daisy and more like Fast and the Furious , although hopefully without the under car lighting and Paul Walker .
What do you think ?
Will Honda ’s gamble on the CR - Z and CR - Z Type R pay off ?
- To stay in the loop join our Facebook page or grab the RSS feed -
Honda CR - Z Type R Specifications and Price
Engine – 1.5 L ( 92 cu in ) SOHC i-VTEC 150 hp ( estimated )
Electric Motor – 50 hp ( estimated )
Transmission – 6 - Speed
Battery System – Lithium-ion
Seating Capacity - 2+2
Curb Weight – 1,200kg
Price – $ 27,000 USD ( estimated )
The protests in Bishkek were echoed in other Kyrgyz cities
By Rayhan Demytrie
BBC News , Bishkek
Scores of people lost their lives .
More than 400 were injured .
This is the day that changed the course of history in this small , mountainous former Soviet state .
Five years ago Kyrgyzstan made headlines around the world when mass protests that became known as the Tulip Revolution brought to power a former opposition leader , Kurmanbek Bakiyev .
There is a popular image from those days that shows Mr Bakiyev marching with other opposition figures , including Roza Otunbayeva .
Now it is she who is heading an interim government of Kyrgyzstan .
It all began on Tuesday in the north - western town of Talas , where the arrest of an opposition figure triggered mass protests .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service Thousands of demonstrators stormed a government building and imposed their own " people 's governor " .
They demanded the resignation of Kurmanbek Bakiyev .
Late on Tuesday , riot police sent from the capital , Bishkek , took over the building .
But not for very long .
In an unexpected turn of events the protesters re-took the building , by throwing stones and petrol bombs at the riot police .
Portraits of President Bakiyev were set on fire .
Later that day , the government announced the situation was under control .
Many opposition leaders were detained .
Ready for action April 7 was the date the opposition planned to have a nationwide rally .
But no - one expected what the day would bring .
The disturbances began in the city of Talas on Tuesday Hundreds of people started gathering in front of the opposition headquarters in Bishkek .
Thousands gathered in other parts of the country .
The people were ready for action .
Protesters in Bishkek broke through a police cordon and marched towards the main government building - the White House .
Several police cars were set on fire along the way .
As the protesters approached the White House they were met with a fusillade of stun grenades and live rounds .
Some were killed .
On this rainy day , the puddles were coloured red with blood .
A body of one young protester was lying on a marbled pavement .
Angry crowds gathered next to it .
" I was walking past with my friend and he was shot in the back , " one distraught young man said .
Many more were shot dead or injured .
' Same mistakes ' Events were moving fast in Kyrgyzstan .
The protesters stormed the national TV and radio company .
They moved on to police headquarters , the general prosecutor 's office and the parliament building .
A state of national emergency was declared by President Bakiyev and curfews imposed in the cities of Bishkek , Talas and Naryn .
Later on Wednesday , opposition leaders arrested the day before were released .
They set up an interim government , led by Roza Otunbayeva .
In a comment to a Russian TV channel Ms Otunbayeva said the situation in the country remained tense and difficult .
Russia 's Prime Minister Vladimir Putin also commented on the Kyrgyz events - he said President Bakiyev had made the same mistakes as his predecessor when he was ousted in that popular uprising , five years ago .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Aw , now I 'm disappointed because you did n't actually make thisI found it on Google as part of a blog site for Legos . [ link ]
You should at least mention that you took the image from elsewhere .
Even though you do n't explicitly state that it 's yours , it 's very , very misleading .
The 700 people lucky enough to work for online social - games maker Zynga Game Network Inc. feast on exotic gourmet grub prepared by professional chefs .
They soothe stress with a visit to the company masseuse or reflexologist .
And they take a break to get their hair cut .
All for free .
If singled out for a quarterly award , an employee can win a weekend spin in a $ 200,000 Lamborghini or a carload of vested stock .
No perk is too small .
Administrative assistants are even dispatched to engineers ’ homes to wait for the cable guy so engineers can stay laser - focused on developing the next hit game .
Advertisement
During the downturn , some Silicon Valley firms cut back on the free food and other goodies .
That ’s starting to change .
With the tech - heavy Nasdaq stock index up 90 % over the last year , investors are bankrolling new companies looking to invent the next big thing in social networking , mobile phones and other new technologies .
And that ’s led companies to try to outperk the competition once again .
“ The competitive nature of Silicon Valley forces you to get creative , ” said Farbood Nivi , founder of San Francisco ’s online learning start - up Grockit .
Advertisement
Other common perks include upgraded health plans , flexible hours , gym memberships and tuition reimbursement .
There ’s the vast cornucopia of free snacks ( vegan cookies and coconut water ) and services ( dry cleaning and leather repair ) .
Grockit picks up the tab for employee health insurance and contributes $ 100 a month to each worker ’s health savings account .
During a workday , employees can gather at a long table at Grockit ’s headquarters -- a hip Mission District loft -- and enjoy free organic meals .
The perks being offered often reflect the character of the business .
Airbnb Inc. , for example , offers free travel .
The San Francisco firm that helps people rent out rooms to travelers dispatches its employees to visit hosts around the world .
As a result , they can spend up to 5 % of their jobs traveling .
Advertisement
Sometimes , a perk is simply fun .
Social publishing company Scribd encourages roughhousing .
Every evening , the freewheeling San Francisco headquarters turns into a go - cart track with employees either “ scracing , ” zooming around the office in a figure eight , or playing “ go - cart tag , ” earning points for bumping another player from behind .
The layout of the office , with its six pairs of eight - sided concrete columns running down the middle , also proved ideal for a zip line .
“ Pretty soon we are getting a ball pit for the end of the zipline , and I ’m still thinking about where we can put a hot tub , ” said Chief Executive Trip Adler .
Advertisement
At Asana , an Internet software developer , it ’s all about creating a workplace nirvana where employees can focus on their work and on the big picture , said Justin Rosenstein , who started the outfit with Facebook Inc. co-founder Dustin Moskovitz .
The San Francisco start - up doles out $ 10,000 to recruits to spend as they like on computers and electronic equipment .
They also get catered meals and twice - weekly yoga lessons .
“ Employees should pretty much get whatever will help them be more productive , since their energy and time are invaluable , and small expenditures can go a big way in making people happier and more effective , ” Rosenstein said .
Paul Saffo , a Stanford University professor who studies the future of technology , said such perks -- like Wall Street bonuses -- may sound extravagant but are not .
Advertisement
“ Despite the downturn and the number of people on the street looking for jobs , filling or replacing a knowledge - worker job at a Silicon Valley company is a complex , expensive process , ” he said .
“ Companies have a very powerful incentive to do everything they can to make an employee happy . ”
Motivational experts like “ Drive ” author Daniel Pink applaud Silicon Valley for its counterculture mind - set .
Unlike elsewhere in corporate America , where top executives vie for corner offices and country club memberships , perks here do not come with rank .
But they do come with a sense of freedom and purpose , something employees crave more than free food and massages , Pink said .
He points to the motivational success of Google Inc. 's encouraging engineers to spend 20 % of their time on side projects of their choosing , some of which became major initiatives .
Advertisement
“ The rallying cry at many companies is ‘ Let ’s raise earnings per share 2 cents a quarter . ’
That ’s not going to get someone to jump out of bed in the morning and race to do something extraordinary , ” Pink said .
Early pioneers , such as Hewlett - Packard Co. , gave gifts to newlyweds and new parents , hosted annual picnics and showered employees with free snacks and coffee .
The “ HP Way , ” based on the belief that happier workers are more productive and loyal , inspired generations of Silicon Valley companies to come up with new carrots , such as stock options that could turn into riches .
In 1999 , Google revolutionized campus dining by hiring its own chef .
Advertisement
It eventually opened 16 cafes that serve up free , mouthwatering meals to the growing workforce at its Mountain View headquarters , which also boasts swimming pools and volleyball courts .
It offers other enticements such as free on - site medical care , laundry facilities and fitness centers as well as subsidized personal trainers and massages .
Company shuttle buses equipped with wireless Internet ferry more than 1,400 employees to and from Google offices daily .
Not to be outdone , Facebook lured away one of Google ’s top chefs , Josef Desimone , who prepares 14,000 meals a week for his new employer .
It also lifted Google ’s idea of shuttling employees through the Bay Area ’s congested corridors .
As its workforce exploded to 1,200 , Facebook added family - friendly policies .
Raquel DiSabatino , who manages consumer marketing programs for Facebook , recently returned from four months of paid maternity leave .
Through a program called Baby Cash , Facebook gave her $ 4,000 to help pay for baby gear .
Advertisement
Zynga may have some of the more generous perks , said Amitt Mahajan , a lead developer on the company ’s popular game FarmVille who won a $ 5,000 quarterly award and took his girlfriend to Spain .
His colleague Ginger Larsen , an associate on another popular Zynga game , Mafia Wars , is hooked on the company - paid once - a - week acupuncture treatments , which appeared to cure stomachaches that had bothered her all her life .
Even with all the perks , Zynga ’s Chief People Officer Colleen McCreary says , the company is trying to work to prevent a potential fallout : a culture of entitlement .
“ We do have a workforce for whom this is their first job out of school , ” McCreary said .
“ I worry if they ever wanted to go work somewhere else .
What a shock to the system that would be . ”
Advertisement
jessica.guynn@ latimes.com
Solar panels cover the roof of a Sam's Club store in 2009 in Glendora , California .
The United States could source 10 percent of its electricity from solar power by 2030 , a report said Tuesday , winning support from a US lawmaker who wants to boost the number of US solar panels .
The United States could source 10 percent of its electricity from solar power by 2030 , a report said Tuesday , winning support from a US lawmaker who wants to boost the number of US solar panels .
The report , produced by the independent environmental group Environment America , was presented to Congress with backing from Senator Bernie Sanders who in February introduced legislation to install 10 million solar panels across the United States within a decade .
Sanders praised the report , which said the United States could get 10 percent of its electricity from solar power by 2030 , up from just 0.1 percent in 2008 , according to the Energy Information Administration .
Sanders 's bill , which has gained the support of several other Democratic senators , proposes " rebates for the purchase and installation of an additional 10,000,000 solar roofs ... by 2019 . "
" At a time when we spend 350 billion dollars importing oil from Saudi Arabia and other countries every year , the United States must move away from foreign oil to energy independence , " Sanders told a press conference Tuesday .
The legislation introduced by Sanders , who heads a sub-committee on green jobs , would offer a rebate of 1.75 dollars per watt of installed capacity in 2010 , an offer that would fall to 0.25 dollars per watt by 2019 .
Explore further Californians bask in solar energy
( c ) 2010 AFP
My previous list of pros and cons of healthcare reform has gotten a bit dated .
I ’ve updated it .
Once again , I ’ve attempted to keep it as simple and non-partisan as I can manage .
Let me know if you think I have misrepresented anything or left out anything crucial .
Pros :
A lot of people who do n’t have health insurance will now have health insurance .
95 % coverage of legal U.S. residents under 65 will be covered .
Compare this with 83 % and dropping now .
This is an increase of 32,000,000 people .
( Those over 65 are already covered by Medicare either way . )
Insurers will not be able to stop paying for people who are sick , even if they lose their jobs .
People who cannot afford health insurance wo n’t have to pay as much money for it .
If you are particularly poor , insurance will be very cheap or even free .
People who are already sick will be eligible for healthcare .
Medicaid availability will expand significantly Children will be able to stay on their parents ’ insurance plan until they are 26 .
Insurers must spend at least 80 % of premiums on actual medical care .
There will be a federally regulated insurance marketplace that should make health insurance more portable .
The bill will reduce the deficit .
Medicare fraud will be cracked down on .
The prescription drug “ donut hole ” will be closed .
( If you do n’t know what that is , you will now never have to worry about it . )
Cons :
Most of the bill wo n’t go into effect until 2014
For the first ten years , it will cost $ 94 billion a year on average .
This is a bit less than the yearly cost of the Iraq War .
Unlike the Iraq
War , there are cost savings and tax increases to more than cover all of this expense .
The bill might increase the cost of health insurance in some states .
This depends on whether the gains from increased efficiencies and increased competition are outweighed by the cost of providing additional benefits .
The Individual Mandate .
You will have to either buy health insurance if you do n’t have it or have a 2.5 % tax increase .
This insurance will be subsidized for most people — but there is no guarantee that the subsidy will suffice for your specific situation .
There will be a tax on very expensive health insurance plans .
There will be a tax increase on very high income people .
If you are making more than $ 200,000 ( or $ 250,00 for a family ) your Medicare Payroll tax will increase and you will need to pay Medicare taxes on investment income .
Other stuff that might be good or bad , depending how you feel about things :
Increased government involvement in healthcare .
Government already pays for huge amounts of healthcare — so this wo n’t be anything new .
The bill is abortion - neutral .
There will be no federal money for abortion .
It will also not have additional restrictions on it .
Neither side gets everything it wants on this one .
Additional regulation on insurance companies .
This might increase costs .
It will increase quality .
Doctors will have increased access to information about what treatments are most effective for their cost .
If two treatments work equally well and one is cheaper , doctors can recommend that one .
This was almost universally considered a good thing until a few years ago , but some people have started criticizing it lately .
Large employers will have to offer health insurance all of their employees or pay a fee .
Medicare Advantage plans will get less federal money .
They will still get the money normal medicare patients get .
So the Federal government will still be giving extra money to private insurance companies – but it wo n’t be giving them as much extra money .
In the long run it will ( hopefully ) reduce medical costs .
Rising medical costs are the main reason the long - term budget projections are so alarming .
Something has to be done .
Unfortunately , this bill might not do enough .
While there will definitely be some savings , it ’s not clear that they will be as transformative as hoped .
There will not be a public option for people who want it .
I think we ’ve moved beyond the part of the debate where people are screaming about death panels , euthenasia , rationing of healthcare , forced abortion , one - child policy , and putting a government bureaucrat between you and your doctor .
I do n’t think I need to reiterate how none of that is in the bill .
Additionally , Nebraska no longer gets special treatment in the reconcilliation bill .
There is more information here .
There 's nothing better than a simple solution to a complex problem , and for Droid owners that problem is a keyboard that 's not exactly well - suited for gaming .
Having a D - pad is great , but having it on the wrong side is a bummer .
The Game Gripper moves it over to a more appropriate position on the left and adds another eight buttons to boot , instantly converting one of the best Android handsets on the market into one of the best gaming handsets .
From what we can tell the Gripper buttons simply press the keys below on the keyboard and , while we 're guessing resulting button feel does n't live up to professional gamer standards , we 're decidedly intrigued -- especially for $ 15 .
If you 're not convinced , check out the demo video after the break , but be prepared to be humming the Super Mario World theme to yourself all day before clicking that play button .
Advertisement
Last week we asked you to share your favorite VPN tool , then we rounded up the top five contenders for a vote .
Now we 're back with the results .
Which VPN Tool is Best ?
There 's no place like home when it comes to security , and VPNs allow you to connect into a home …
Read more
Advertisement
Leading the pack was OpenVPN with 29 % of the vote , followed closely by LogMeIn Hamachi ( 28 % ) .
Both are notable for being free , although only OpenVPN is open source .
In third place , the built - in Windows VPN software grabbed 19 % of the vote , followed by Cisco VPN with 13 % and Shrew Soft rounding out the Hive Five with 4 % .
Check out the full Hive Five for additional information about VPNs and contenders .
As always , if you have a great idea for a Hive Five , shoot us an email at tips@lifehacker.com with " Hive Five " in the subject line .
Biological paternity is highly significant biologically .
Because Darwinian evolution depends on biological paternity , evolved patterns of behavior , such as parental care , are likely to be sensitive to biological paternity .
Moreover , biological paternity is increasingly relevant to health care screening and treatment .
Most men in most cultures express concern for biological paternity .
Biological paternity also has considerable socially constructed significance .
In many jurisdictions , biological paternity can entail large , government - determined parental payments ( “ child support payments ” ) legally enforced with the threat of imprisonment .
[ 1 ]
Biological paternity does n’t legally matter for the paternity of a cuckolded husband or a duped lover once paternity has already been legally attributed to him .
Biological paternity , irrespective of the circumstances , determines government - determined parental payments only when those payments are n’t already established .
Legal determination of biological paternity is n’t direct toward providing justice based on truth .
It ’s directed toward extracting money from men .
In seeking government - determined parental payments under U.S. case law , the mere fact of biological paternity trumps misrepresentation and fraud in sexual relations .
Here are uncontested facts of Dubay v. Wells ( 2007 ) :
In the fall of 2004 , Dubay and Wells became involved in a romantic relationship .
At that time , Dubay informed Wells that he had no interest in becoming a father .
In response , Wells told Dubay that she was infertile and that , as an extra layer of protection , she was using contraception .
Dubay , in reliance on these assurances , participated in a consensual sexual relationship with Wells .
The parties ’ relationship later deteriorated .
Shortly thereafter , and much to Dubay ’s surprise , Wells informed Dubay that she was pregnant , allegedly with Dubay ’s child .
Wells chose to carry the child to term and the child , EGW , was born on an unspecified date in 2005 .
During the pregnancy and birth of the child , Dubay was consistently clear about his desire not to be a father . [ 2 ]
Michigan imposed government - determined parental payments on Dubay .
Dubay argued that government - determined parental payments discriminate against men , who lack effective opportunities to receive the protection of child abandonment and child adoption laws when confronted with unplanned parenthood .
All the way up to the U.S. Court of Appeals , courts rejected Dubay ’s claim .
They consistently ruled that sexually discriminatory treatment with respect to government - imposed parental payments is not unequal under law .
Under such a legal regime , sexual intercourse that generates a pregnancy that a woman chooses not to abort has large financial implications for men .
The great importance of biological paternity biologically and under child - support law has not produced an efficient paternity information economy .
Available evidence indicates that , in high - income countries , men falsely regard roughly 5 % of children to be their own biological children .
While hospitals take great care to ensure newborn babies are not switched among mothers , hospitals do not routinely check paternity to ensure that men have accurate knowledge about their biological paternity .
DNA testing for determining biological paternity is cheap and has a very low error rate .
But hospitals do not regularly offer this service in conjunction with child delivery and newborn care services .
Moreover , government - determined parental payments are regularly imposed without DNA testing for biological paternity .
Government - determined parental payments are large , long - term , monthly payments .
Changing the level of payment in response to changes in a man ’s financial situation , such as loss of job , requires a time - consuming , difficult legal procedure .
Nonetheless , paternity testing is not required before imposing government - determined parental payments .
In most jurisdictions , a married man is liable for government - determined parental payments for his wife ’s child even if the child is a product of his wife ’s extra-marital sexual activity .
[ 3 ]
In many jurisdictions in the U.S. , more than half of government - determined parental payments are imposed through default judgments .
[ 4 ]
DNA testing provides highly accurate determinations of biological paternity .
Default judgments , in contrast , provide a highly faulty indication of paternity .
Making paternity information universally accessible to the relevant men could be done easily as a matter of law .
First , hospitals could be required to offer , as part of child delivery services , a paternity test to any man signing a birth certificate .
Men not wanting true knowledge about their biological relation to the child before signing a birth certificate might be required to pursue a legal procedure similar to that currently required for lowering the level of government - determined parental payments in circumstances of job loss .
Moreover , a paternity test could be required before imposing any government - determined parental payment .
Such laws would contribute greatly to making paternity information accurate and universally accessible .
Legal developments , in contrast , have tended to suppress possibilities for men to acquire true knowledge of their paternity .
Consider , for example , the U.K. ’s Human Tissues Act of 2004 .
Suppose that an unwed woman has parental custody of a child too young to consent legally to a DNA test .
Suppose a man with a reasonable basis for believing that he might be the biological father of the child currently does not have parental responsibility for the child .
The Human Tissues
Act criminalizes the man taking a strand of the child ’s hair , without the mother ’s consent , for the purpose of testing his paternity of the child .
Under the Act , punishment for knowledge - seeking of this type is a fine or imprisonment of up to three years , or both .
That ’s harsh punishment for a man seeking highly important knowledge .
Biological paternity is socially valued only as a means for making a man pay child support when a child - support payer cannot otherwise be established .
That peculiar paternity information economy seems to reflect fundamental sex differences in communications .
* * * * *
Read more :
Notes :
[ 1 ] “ Government - determined parental payments ” more clearly describes the relevant payments than does “ child support payments . ”
The level of the payments depends primarily on the adults ’ incomes , not on the child ’s needs .
The payments are made to the parent ( usually the mother ) , not the child .
The recipient of the payment has no legal obligation to spend the payment on the child .
No accounting for the spending of the payment is required under law .
The most important form of child support is undoubtedly freely given love for a child and personal attention to the child .
Such child support differs greatly from government - determined parental payments .
Sanctions for not paying government - determined parental payments include imprisonment , garnishing wages , revoking a driver ’s license , revoking a business licenses , and refusing to issue a passport .
Imprisoning a parent for not paying government - determined parental payments makes it much more difficult for that parent to provide child support in the form of love and person attention to the child .
[ 2 ] Dubay v. Wells , et. al. , No. 06-2107 , U.S. Court of Appeals , 6 ’th District , decided Nov. 6 , 2007 .
This was an appeal of Dubay v. Wells , Case Number 06- 11016 - BC , U.S. District Court , East District of Michigan , Northern Division , decided July 17 , 2006 .
The latter decision declared Dubay ’s claim “ frivolous , unreasonable , and without foundation . ”
The decision also declared , “ If chivalry is not dead , its viability is gravely imperiled by the plaintiff in this case . ”
Further underscoring its frivolous judgment , the Court required Dubay to pay the state ’s attorney fees .
Because the case apparently was serious enough to attract participation from the Attorney General of Michigan , the state ’s attorney fees were probably considerable .
[ 3 ]
The article that unfairly presented Carnell Smith ’s situation also inaccurately described relevant statistics .
[ 4 ]
In California in March , 2000 , 71 % of child support obligors with arrears had at least one child support order established by default judgment .
Among child support orders issued in California in 1999 , 68 % were entered by default judgment .
See Elaine Sorensen , Heather Koball , Kate Pomper , and Chava Zibman , “ Examining Child Support Arrears in California : The Collectibility Study , ” March 2003 .
Urban Institute , Prepared for the California Dept. of Child Support Services , p. Report 5 - 10 .
Less detailed data show considerable variations in “ default order rates , ” including rates above 50 % in the states of Washington and Arizona .
See Paul Legler , “ Low - Income Fathers and Child Support : Starting Off on the Right Track , ” Final Report , Jan. 30 , 2003 , Policy Studies Inc. , p. 15 .
Unmanned aerial systems could become so individualized that every soldier will have one .
The Army envisions a 1:1 ratio of soldiers to handheld UAVs .
In an ideal world , every soldier will have a flying robot .
" We 're talking about getting into nanotechnology that will allow us to reduce unmanned systems ' size to the point that a soldier would not have to stand up or launch one by hand , " Carlile says .
" In the future they will have something man-packable that a soldier can carry .
They might even have the ability to have a soldier fire his own personal weapon and that weapon would have a guidance system to help him hit his target , completely from defilade or under total concealment . "
Optionally piloted vehicles could make any helicopter or airplane fly like a UAV .
Cargo helicopters like the Chinook could one day follow each other in flight , like baby ducks swimming after their mother .
The road map puts a premium on converting existing fleets into unmanned platforms .
" Ideally we 'll have three switches in the cockpit — zero for unmanned and flying autonomously , one for a single pilot in a two - pilot aircraft and two when there is a co-pilot , " says Col.
Chris Carlile , director of the Army 's UAS Center of Excellence .
Another cockpit switch could command an unmanned vehicle to follow a manned flight for aerial convoys , he says .
Rotorcraft will take on the roles of airplanes .
New unmanned tilt - rotor craft , such as this Bell Boeing Quad TiltRotor model in a wind tunnel , could ferry Army cargo .
The report contains an interesting line in predicting what Air Force aviation might look like in 2030 : " Improved rotorcraft will close the performance an airworthiness gap with fixed wing systems . "
Helicopters are slow , tough to maintain and are limited by range and altitude .
But the Army sees advances in rotorcraft engines and airframes as a chance to increase their use .
Tantalizingly , the report says that " hybrid configurations " could provide deliveries of troops and cargo .
When they say hybrid , think of tilt - rotor craft such as the Marines '
Osprey that can take off and land like helicopters but fly fast like an airplane .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
3:41 pm
Center for Constitutional Rights ( CCR )
NYC Trial of Fahad Hashmi to Begin Jury Selection Wednesday : Experts , Family , Advocates Available for Comment
3:36 pm
Center for Biological Diversity
Lawsuit to Be Launched to Protect Endangered Species in Arizona and New Mexico National Forests
2:50 pm
Free Press
Free Press Urges FCC to Move Ahead with Rules to Protect the Internet
2:40 pm
ACLU
Senators Should Press Napolitano Tuesday on Local Immigration Enforcement , Says ACLU
2:40 pm
Media Matters for America
Fox Does It Again
2:35 pm
US Senator Bernie Sanders
Sanders : Big Banks Breakup Critical to Financial Reform
2:27 pm
National Gay and Lesbian Task Force
Task Force Calls Arizona ’s Immigration Law ‘ Draconian and Inhumane ’
2:26 pm
Institute for Public Accuracy ( IPA )
Arizona ' Apartheid '
By Friday afternoon , party leaders on both sides were already weighing new names — among them more widely known possibilities , including a state senator and a former candidate for the seat .
Candidates have until May 11 to submit petitions to run in an Aug. 3 primary .
“ Obviously we would have preferred that he run , ” David Axelrod , a senior adviser to the president , said in an interview on Friday .
“ But there are large numbers of incumbents retiring on both sides , and my understanding is that he ’s been planning this for some time . ”
Senior Democratic officials said there were signs that Mr. Stupak , even as he negotiated the health care compromise , was considering not running for re-election .
He had not raised much money and had done little campaigning .
Though Mr. Stupak ’s loudest critics , by Friday , were Republicans , Tea Party supporters and abortion opponents , he had , over many chapters of a battering health care fight , angered a broad array of groups , even some who had been political allies .
To hear some tell it , he had managed , by the end of his evolution on health care , to make everyone mad at some point or another .
Last fall , Mr. Stupak successfully pressed for an amendment to a House version of the health care bill adding tight restrictions on abortion coverage .
Speaker Nancy Pelosi , seen as a champion of abortion rights , went along , stunning some abortion rights groups and stirring their anger against Mr. Stupak .
( National abortion rights advocates lined up behind the sole Democratic candidate , an abortion rights supporter herself who had announced well before Friday that she would challenge Mr. Stupak . )
Even when the Senate seemed to resolve the abortion issue in its health care bill , Mr. Stupak said the language was insufficient , irritating his colleagues .
As the debate unfolded , he sided with Roman Catholic bishops who opposed the Senate language , rather than with nuns , who supported it .
He said he did not listen to the nuns when it came to writing legislative language related to abortion .
But in the final hours before the last vote in March , Mr. Stupak and fellow anti-abortion Democrats supported the bill after President Obama agreed to sign an executive order outlining prohibitions against the use of federal money for abortion .
At a news conference announcing his deal with the White House , Mr. Stupak said the bishops were unrealistic not to accept the compromise .
All - Nighters is an exploration of insomnia , sleep and the nocturnal life .
Despite his best efforts , Cliff , 28 , could not get to sleep until about 7 a.m .
It had been this way since he was a teenager .
He was a healthy and successful young scientist — except that he did n’t arrive at the lab until 5 p.m. , just as his co-workers were preparing to leave .
Although he got his work done by pulling all - nighters , he became isolated from the group .
Sleeping pills did n’t work .
Nighttime alcohol bouts got him to sleep sooner , but only by two to three hours — a bummer on many levels .
Significantly , Cliff was not depressed .
George , a 34 year - old paralegal , had a much more common experience .
He could rarely sleep until 1:30 a.m.
Inured to sleeping pills , he would get into bed at midnight , hoping for the best .
He had to be awake at 7:30 in order to make it in by 9 , but it was a losing battle .
Almost always late , he remained foggy until afternoon , and suffered headaches .
Unlike Cliff , George was mildly depressed .
Cliff and George , whose names have been changed here to protect their privacy , are two of hundreds of patients we ’ve treated at the Center for Light Treatment and Biological Rhythms at Columbia University Medical Center ( where I serve as clinic director ) , and in research trials supported by the National Institute of Mental Health and the Sleep Research Society Foundation at the New York State Psychiatric Institute ( where I have been a principal investigator ) .
Both Cliff and George were treated using chronotherapeutics — methods designed to reset the internal circadian clock . [ 1 ] , [ 2 ]
George was dealing with sleep onset insomnia , a problem for millions of people .
We inferred clinically that his circadian clock signal for sleeping was delayed relative to local time .
People sleep best when the internal clock is in sync with the workday rest / activity cycle .
When there is a mismatch , the likely results are insomnia , depressed mood and daytime fatigue .
An unbalanced circadian rhythm can be returned to equilibrium through the application of light to a sleeper ’s retina near the end of a person ’s “ internal night . ”
Internal night ?
Yes — it may be night outside , but if your circadian clock is not prepared for sleep , internal night may not start until late and last well into morning .
Biologically , it coincides with the secretion of melatonin by the brain ’s pineal gland .
It is difficult to know where your internal night lies if you artificially force sleep earlier , for example with sleeping pills .
You can estimate internal night with a quick chronotype questionnaire [ 3 ] that helps determine when light exposure will be most effective for syncing your circadian rhythm with external reality .
George began therapy at 8 a.m every day with 30 minutes of 10,000 lux bright light . [ 4 ]
This had no effect .
But when we switched the timing to 7:30 , he immediately started getting to sleep an hour earlier , by 12:30 a.m .
However , he began waking up far too early , before 6 a.m .
This indicated an overdose of light .
When we reduced light exposure to 15 minutes , still at 7:30 a.m. , he began falling asleep at midnight and waking up just before alarm ( a few minutes before the scheduled light exposure ) .
Within a week of starting treatment , his depression lifted , he was more alert in the morning and his headaches vanished .
Lesson learned : just as with drugs , light therapy needs to be individually dosed , which may require a clinician ’s guidance .
Cliff , who usually slept between 7 a.m. and 3 p.m. , was following his internal clock , though he was out of sync with the outer world .
His sleep problem cleared up in two weeks using a combination of three chronotherapeutic methods .
First , he began light therapy upon waking in mid-afternoon .
As his internal clock began to respond , he was able to wake up earlier for the lights in 30 - minute steps .
Second , we administered a minute dose ( 0.2 milligrams ) of sustained - release melatonin about five hours before bedtime , mimicking the action of the pineal gland , before it begins its nightly cycle . [ 4 ]
This dosage is in sharp contrast to over - the - counter melatonin , which usually comes in megadoses ( 3 to 5 milligrams ) that deliver far more hormone than the pineal gland ever produces .
The mini - dose does not act like a sleeping pill , so you spend the evening awake and alert .
Rather , it communicates with the circadian clock in the same way as morning light exposure , shifting internal night earlier .
Finally , after taking melatonin , Cliff wore specially filtered wraparound glasses [ 1 ] that prevent inappropriate evening light from acting against morning light exposure .
He soon found it easy to sleep from 11:30 p.m. to 7:30 a.m .
Then he was off to the gym and into the lab .
He was incredulous : “ I thought my circadian clock was permanently damaged ! ”
Cliff ’s case is instructive because even with greatly delayed sleep onset , he was not depressed ; his sleep patterns obeyed his internal clock .
George , by contrast , struggled to sleep earlier on a biologically inappropriate schedule — often a major factor underlying depression .
With light and melatonin therapies , we can shift the internal night into congruence with local time and the workday schedule , with dual antidepressant and sleep - enhancing results .
Depression , of course , can become overwhelming , far more severe that it was for George .
And sleep itself actively feeds severe depression — a vicious cycle that needs to be broken .
A therapeutic full night awake under observation in a hospital setting instantly relieves the depression in about 60 percent of patients .
This is one of the major , surprising findings of biological psychiatry .
The problem is , after the next day ’s recovery sleep the depression is likely to return .
So the benefit is only ephemeral .
To counter the relapse , we begin daily light therapy at the end of the wake therapy night , enabling the circadian clock to readjust , with the result of sustained remission . [ 1 ]
The benefit is enhanced with a very early bedtime the night after wake therapy , and early rising after recovery sleep .
In patients with bipolar disorder , the effect is further magnified by the use of lithium carbonate , the mood - stabilizing drug . [ 5 ]
A manic reaction is very rare , but it can be quickly dampened by staying in a darkened room for 14 hours .
Such dark therapy can be just as effective as anti-manic ( anti- psychotic ) medication . [ 6 ]
In American psychiatry , chronotherapeutics is a new kid on the block , viewed by some as a counter - intuitive departure from conventional medication .
By contrast , in Europe , where it is already well established , it is seen as compatible with medication and a means for expediting improvement with fewer residual symptoms .
Residual symptoms are harbingers of relapse .
To protect our patients , we should be pulling out all the stops .
Footnotes :
[ 1 ] .
Anna Wirz - Justice , Francesco Benedetti , Michael Terman , “ Chronotherapeutics for Affective Disorders : A Clinician ’s Manual for Light and Wake Therapy , ” Basel , S. Karger , 2009 .
[ 2 ] Olivia Judson , “ Enter the Chronotherapists , ” New York Times , December 22 , 2009 .
[ 3 ] Michael Terman , Thomas White , Joy Jacobs , “ Automated morningness - eveningness questionnaire . ”
[ 4 ] Michael Terman , Jiuan Su Terman , “ Light therapy , in Principles and Practice of Sleep Medicine , ” 5th ed. , Meir Kryger , Thomas Roth and William Dement ( Eds. ) , Philadelphia , Elsevier , 1682 - 1695 , 2010 .
[ 5 ] Cristina Colombo , Adelio Lucca , Francesco Benedetti , Barbara Barbini , Euridice Campori , Enrico Smeraldi , “ Total sleep deprivation combined with lithium and light therapy in the treatment of bipolar depression : replication of main effects and interaction , ” Psychiatry Research 95 ( 1 ) , 43 - 53 , 2000 .
[ 6 ] Barbara Barbini , Francesco Benedetti , Cristina Colombo , Danilo Datoli , Alessandro Bernasconi , Mara Ciagala - Fulgosi , Marcello Florita , Enrico Smeraldi , “ Dark therapy for mania : a pilot study , ” Bipolar Disorders 7 ( 1 ) , 98-101 , 2005 .
Michael Terman is Professor of Clinical Psychology in Psychiatry at Columbia University ’s College of Physicians and Surgeons .
He directs the Center for Light Treatment and Biological Rhythms at Columbia University Medical Center , and is president of the Center for Environmental Therapeutics , a nonprofit agency dedicated to research and education in non-pharmaceutical interventions for depression and sleep disorders .
I am told it 's not too early to " mock it up " for the 2011 draft .
That 's debatable .
What 's not debatable is the deadline for this project .
So here goes :
Notes : Selection order is based solely off of power rankings courtesy of Scouts Inc. 's Jeremy Green and Matt Williamson .
* denotes underclassman
Andrew Luck* , QB , Stanford
Only a third - year sophomore this fall but coach Jim Harbaugh has Luck on the fast track mechanically and mentally .
Luck has prototypical size ( 6 - foot - 4 , 235 pounds ) and is an underrated athlete .
More importantly , he has a smooth over - the - top delivery , a strong arm and great touch as a passer .
Better decisions while gaining more game experience could put Luck in position to become the top player taken in the draft -- either in 2011 or 2012 .
Marcell Dareus* , DT , Alabama
After taking QB Sam Bradford with the top overall pick in 2010 , the Rams go back to the well with another first - round defensive lineman in Dareus , who is a remarkable athlete for his size ( 6 - 4 , 296 pounds ) .
Anthony Castonzo , OT , Boston College
The Chiefs target a bookend starter opposite OT Branden Albert .
Castonzo has the long arms , lateral agility and balance to emerge as a top - shelf left tackle prospect next year .
Adrian Clayborn , DE , Iowa
The Bucs continue to overhaul their defensive line via the draft .
Clayborn could team up with the young defensive tackle tandem of Gerald McCoy ( pick No. 3 this year ) and Brian Price ( pick No. 35 ) to give Tampa Bay one of the youngest , most talented defensive fronts in the NFL .
Cameron Heyward , DE , Ohio State
Heyward is a local product with the size , power and quickness to give the Browns ' base 3 - 4 defensive front more scheme flexibility .
BOSTON -- Even without Kevin Garnett , the Boston Celtics beat the Miami Heat .
Easily .
With the good - humored but hard - playing Glen Davis filling in while the Celtics ' emotional leader served a one - game suspension , Boston rolled to a 106 - 77 victory Tuesday night that Miami coach Erik Spoelstra called " embarrassing . "
It gave the Celtics a 2 - 0 lead in their playoff series and Davis a chance to reprise the nickname he hung on himself last year when he replaced the injured Garnett -- known as the " Big Ticket " -- in all 14 playoff games .
" The ' Ticket Stub ' came , " Davis said .
" Whenever they need the ' Ticket Stub , ' he 'll be there . "
Davis had 23 points and eight rebounds , and Ray Allen heated up in the third quarter and scored 25 points .
Dwyane Wade led the Heat with 29 .
With Garnett serving a suspension for elbowing Quentin Richardson in Game 1 , Davis started and went aggressively to the basket to grab missed shots and draw fouls .
" That 's a case of one man impacting the game simply with his effort .
I do n't think they ran one play for him , " Spoelstra said .
" You can not let a man 's effort exceed yours .
It 's as simple as that . "
The Heat took a 29 - 25 lead on a dunk by Jermaine O'Neal .
But the Celtics used a 44 - 8 surge over the next 16 1/2 minutes to go ahead 69 - 37 with 5:38 left in the third quarter , capped by one of Allen 's five 3 - pointers in the period .
" Once the ball started moving and we started getting multiple stops , we were off and running , " Boston coach Doc Rivers said .
A former airline pilot has saved his home from creditors after buying an old Boeing 747 and selling the parts for a recession - busting £ 150,000 profit .
Mustafa Aolad , from Avenue Road , Wallington , lost his job because of cutbacks in the Bangladeshi airline industry and was also facing losing his home as he could not afford his mortgage payments .
But Mr Aolad had an ace up his sleeve and came up with a plan that would have made Only Fools and Horses ’ Delboy Trotter proud .
He said : “ I discovered that there was a market in breaking - up old 747s aeroplanes and selling the parts for scrap .
“ So I took out a car loan from the bank and bought an old Boeing 747 300 series for £ 10,000 and sold it bit by bit for £ 200,000 pounds . ”
Having returned to his native Bangladesh , Mr Aolad recruited a small labour force and some ex-airforce engineers and began the meticulous process of breaking the plane up part by part .
The 53 - year - old said : “ The Boeing 747 300 had come to the end of its usefull life and had been dumped at Zia International Airport , in Bangladesh . ”
“ This craft had now become a liability , so the owners were very pleased when I offered them £ 10,000 for it and since then I have saved my home . ”
Mr Aolad , a former pilot in the Bangladesh Air Force , first achieved minor fame with his " Chopperdom " flying restaurant - another old plane that he converted into a airborne diner .
Stars such as Hugh Hefner , rapper Ice T and soul - singer Isaac Hayes all apparently tucked into Mr Aolad ’s mile - high cuisine including Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina .
He said : " Everyone thought it was a crazy idea and it would never get off the ground .
They thought it was an impossibility .
“ When it finished it was a massive relief for everybody - my uncles , aunties , cousins , my wife .
I did feel like I 'd proved people wrong . "
In addition to saving his home and providing jobs in his homeland , Mr Aolad has also , as he puts it , done “ his bit for the environment too ” by recycling the plane .
He said : “ “ My future is very bright in the light of recession and I ’ve bought myself a brand new car with the profits , plus I ’ve just flown back to Bangladesh to purchase a second plane . ”
Have you come up with a successful money - making scheme ?
Are you bucking the recession trend ?
Use the form below to let us know ...
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
A century ago , if you had told typical citizens of Argentina ( which at that time was enjoying the fourth - highest per capita income in the world ) that it would decline to become just the 76th richest nation on a per capita basis in 2010 , they probably would not have found it believable .
They might have responded , “ This could not happen ; we are a nation rich in natural resources , with a great climate for agriculture .
Our people are well educated and largely descended from European stock .
We have property rights , the rule of law and an open free - market economy . ”
But the fact is , Argentina has been going downhill for eight decades , and it has the second - worst credit ranking in the entire world - only Venezuela has a lower ranking .
Argentina , despite its natural resources and human capital , has managed to throw it all away .
Argentina did not become relatively poor because of having been involved in destructive conflicts .
It became poor because it has had a series of both democratically elected leaders and non-elected dictators who never missed an opportunity to make the wrong economic decisions .
It is , once again , trying to renege on paying the principal and interest on Argentine government bonds to foreign bondholders , and hence New York state ( where many of the bonds are serviced ) may take further action against Argentina , including fines and asset seizures .
In the 1930s , the Argentine government increased its interventions in the private economy .
Juan Peron took over in 1946 and ended up nationalizing the railroads , the merchant marine , public utilities , public transport and other parts of the private economy .
For much of the past half - century , Argentina has engaged in a series of erratic monetary policies , often resulting in periods of very high inflation and economic stagnation .
Because of their political power , the unions have been coddled , resulting in unsustainable wage - and - benefit programs .
Excessive government spending has caused recurrent fiscal meltdowns , where both foreign and domestic debt - holders have lost many of their investments .
According to the Economic Freedom of the World Annual Report ( published by the Fraser Institute in cooperation with the Cato Institute and others ) , Argentina ranks 105 out of 141 countries surveyed .
Similarly , the 2010 Index of Economic Freedom ( published by the Heritage Foundation and the Wall Street Journal ) ranks Argentina 135 out of the 179 countries surveyed .
( The U.S. is No. 8 and falling . )
The U.S. has a per capita income of about $ 47,000 per year , while Argentina ’s is just $ 14,000 on a purchasing - power parity ( PPP ) basis .
A hundred years ago , Argentina ’s per capita income was about 80 percent of that in the U.S.
If Argentina had done as well relatively as the United States , it would have a per capita income of about $ 38,000 today .
Countries can become wealthy in a few decades , as have South Korea , Taiwan , Hong Kong , Singapore and Finland , by following the correct economic policies .
They also can become relatively poor , as have Argentina , Cuba and Venezuela , by doing the wrong things .
Argentina has extensive import bans and controls .
The Obama administration has been advocating protectionist trade policies and has opposed the ratification of previously negotiated trade agreements .
Argentina has income tax rates roughly equivalent to those in the United States but also has a value - added tax ( VAT ) and a wealth tax .
Officials of the Obama administration and some members of the U.S. Congress are flirting with a VAT .
Argentina has continued to run inflationary monetary policies while at the same time attempting to treat the symptoms through price controls .
The U.S. Federal Reserve has greatly increased the money supply , which is likely to produce future inflation .
Officials of the Obama administration , at times , have advocated price controls of insurance companies , medical suppliers , financial institutions and even fees for carry - on luggage on airplanes .
Argentina ’s largest bank is state - owned , as are a number of its other banks .
The Obama administration forced a number of large American banks to become partially government - owned .
The two largest mortgage institutions in the United States - Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac - are now largely government - owned - and - controlled .
Argentine courts are slow and corrupt .
Property rights are not secure , and the government has willfully understated inflation statistics , causing foreign and domestic bondholders to lose much of their investments .
The Obama administration unilaterally took away bondholders ’ rights in the GM and Chrysler cases and , in essence , took their assets and turned them over to the unions that had supported Mr. Obama .
Argentina has extensive labor regulations to favor unions , which greatly increase the cost of hiring .
The Obama administration has supported costly labor regulations that the unions favor , which eventually will drive up the cost of hiring workers and result in higher unemployment .
Argentina has a long history of deficit spending , which , in turn , has made government debt burdens so high that the government refuses to pay the debt to the private domestic and international debt holders .
Over the next 30 years , economists associated with the Bank for International Settlements in Basel , Switzerland , estimate ( as have many U.S. economists ) that the U.S. public debt will rise to between 200 percent and 500 percent of GDP .
( It is now about 60 percent . )
Debt levels of 200 percent to 500 percent cannot be supported ; hence , the debt holders will face erosion of their capital through either inflation or nonpayment .
The U.S. is not yet Argentina , but , if many of the policies of the Obama administration are not reversed , America will only get poorer and , in as little as 30 years , become a middle - income country , while dozens of other countries will enjoy a higher standard of living .
Richard W. Rahn is a senior fellow at the Cato Institute and chairman of the Institute for Global Economic Growth .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
I 'm intrigued by this Time Out review of Kitchen Front , a restaurant at London 's Imperial War museum that serves accurate re-creations of the ( mostly horrible ) food eaten in Britain during WWII 's rationing period .
Time
Out gave it two star for food quality and full marks for accuracy ( in the print edition , at least — they have n't recreated this online ) .
It sounds like a uniquely wonderful and horrible dining experience , especially as the food is prepared by a well - loved firm of caterers who 've really gotten into the spirit of things .
Salt was the dominant flavour of ' Mrs Harwood 's lentil and cheese pie ' .
It tasted floury and bland – my grandmother used to make the same dish .
I could n't fault it for authenticity .
It came with a dollop of sludgy green pease pudding , just as it might have been in the war years .
The baked potato , though , was quite good , served with a fishy filling and a proper 1940s salad – English lettuce , rings of spring onion , no dressing .
Sweets include scones filled with ' mock cream ' made from margarine beaten with caster sugar , tasting exactly as you 'd imagine it to , ie nothing like cream at all …
[ B ]e warned that for a more fortunate generation brought up on meat , sweets , fats and deftly used spices , the drabness of austerity cooking can come as a bit of a shock
I 've subscribed to the print edition of Time Out for a few years now here in London — it 's the only print magazine I still subscribe to , in fact — and I just love it to pieces .
As aspirational reading about all the things I would do if I was n't all the time running around like my ass was on fire , it can't be beat .
And every now and again I get to actually follow some of its advice ( I 've been trying a lot of the coffee mentioned in its Best London Coffee feature last month — yum ! ) and I 'm never disappointed .
Kitchen Front
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Hillbilly Tornado Man rivals Mona Lisa for his subtle depiction of both intrigue and perplexity .
What was Mona Lisa smiling about so enigmatically ?
Why is Hillbilly Tornado Man 's truck lodged 50 feet up a tree ?
Why does he look so satisfied about it ?
Was he caught in a twister ?
Did he literally ride the whirlwind ?
Did he just fucking drive it up there like an Appalachian Chitty Chitty Bang Bang ?
Did he throw it ?!
Nobody knows .
All they know is that the man has a chest like a barrel of meat , he could not afford an entire shirt , and his goddamn truck is in a goddamn tree .
The Truth :
That 's Mark Madson , and the truck behind him is actually a treehouse he built for his son Luke in the town of Beloit , Wisconsin .
So on the downside , the truck in the tree was not the fantastic drunken feat of a modern - day redneck Paul Bunyan , but actually just a pretty slick -- if dangerously negligent -- act of charity from a father to his son .
None of that changes the fact that when faced with creating a play space for his little boy , Madson said " Fuck you " to blueprints , cracked open a Coors Light , rammed a truck into a tree , and called it a day .
And it also does n't change the fact that when the photographer came to do a photo shoot about it , Mark oiled up his chest - planks , threw on his formal vest , and posed like he was the Captain Morgan of moonshine .
We all know that looks matter , and for snakes , a colour which works well on land has dramatically different results under water , according to a recent study by biologists from the University of Sydney .
Professor Rick Shine and Dr Adele Pile from the School of Biological Sciences have discovered a sea snake 's colouration can influence its susceptibility to algal fouling which can reduce swimming speed by up to 20 percent .
Their study , reported this month in Proceedings of the Royal Society B , sheds new light on how the transition from terrestrial to aquatic life has shaped the evolution of sea snakes .
Professor
Shine said sea snakes evolved from venomous land snakes -- such as the highly toxic tiger snake -- who reinvaded the oceans around five million years ago .
" The fact that sea snakes have made the transition from terrestrial to aquatic life , makes them the perfect model to study evolution because we can compare traits between land snakes and sea snakes and hence identify selective forces unique to those habitats , " he said .
" The shift from land to water brought with it a new set of challenges , and sea snakes evolved unique physical traits which enabled them to survive in the aquatic environment -- a paddle - shaped tail for swimming , valves to close their nostrils and large lungs to provide oxygen while under water .
advertisement
" Another consistent attribute of sea snakes involves coloration : most are banded rather than unicoloured , blotched or striped .
Fouling by algae has also been reported in several groups of sea snakes , and we wondered if maybe a snake 's colour could influence its susceptibility to this . "
To test this hypothesis , the scientists turned to a population of sea snakes in the tropical Pacific , in which members of the same species ranged from jet black to brightly black - and - white banded , and many patterns in between .
Over a four - year period , the researchers examined free ranging individuals and found that black snakes supported significantly more algal cover than black - and - white snakes .
" Once we knew there was a relationship between a snake 's colour and the amount of algal fouling , the next step was to determine if a snake 's dark colour was the actual cause of the higher algal levels , " Professor Shine said .
To do this , the researchers suspended plastic snake models -- in black , white and black - and - white -- in mid water and scored the amount of algal colonisation over the subsequent days .
The results showed that colour directly affects the amount of algal growth , with black surfaces attracting the most algae , followed by black - and - white , and white the least .
" The spores of some marine algae settle out preferentially onto dark - coloured objects , which probably explains why the darker snakes hosted higher algal cover , " he said .
advertisement
The finding raises the crucial question : if snake colour influences rates of algal accumulation , what are the consequences of such accumulation ?
" The most obvious such consequence is increased drag and things became really interesting when we tested to see if algal cover affected a snake 's swimming speed .
Our locomotor trials revealed a 20 percent reduction in swimming speeds in snakes covered with a heavy coating of algae . "
Differences in colour involving black versus banded varieties of land snakes typically have been attributed to differences in heat transfer -- that is darker colours absorb more heat , even at the expense of looking more obvious to predators .
But Professor
Shine said temperature based explanations can't be applied to the case in sea snakes .
" Unlike on land , colour does not affect the body temperatures of a snake under water .
Our data suggests another potential fitness cost of colour in sea snakes , and potentially that of other aquatic animals : susceptibility to algal fouling , " he said .
So why are some sea snakes black at all ?
Is there some hidden benefit to being black that outweighs the increased algal fouling ?
" There is clearly a balance of costs and benefits of algal accumulation , which is why we see a variety of colours in the population .
For example , a covering of seaweed may slow down the snake and reduce its ability to obtain oxygen from the water directly through its skin , because the algae form a barrier .
But on the flip side , the algae might increase the snake 's oxygen availability , because of algal photosynthesis , and hence benefit the snake . "
Tea Party Express staff censors We Are Change Utah 's big blue 9/11 truth banner with audience members , and wo n't disclose the true source of their financing .
So ... at a rally for free speech , free speech advocates were recruited by Tea Party Express workers to block and subvert our right to free speech .
HBO
Having been all Treme all the time on Friday — with my Treme feature , my Treme review and my interview with Treme co-creator David Simon — I ’m going to skip a full - on review recap of the show ’s ninety - minute pilot last night .
( I plan on doing a regular Treme Watch for the whole season , time permitting — though work travel next week may mean that time will not permit for the second episode . )
Instead , I ’ll add a few miscellaneous thoughts after the jump , and then you tell me what you thought :
* So , yeah , it was ninety minutes long .
And toward the end I thought it started to feel a little overstuffed .
That fantastic montage of Louis Prima ’s “ Buona Sera ” — the visual highlight of the pilot along with Albert Lambreaux ’s materialization as Big Chief — felt to me like the end of a pilot , and with a little rearrangement of scenes it could have been .
But paralleling the opening second line ( OK , that being the third amazing visual scene ) with the closing funeral procession did hit on the themes of death and rebirth in the series ( which I talked about , ironically , with David Mills the last time I spoke with him . )
* Speaking of that second - line scene : David Simon and Eric Overmyer told me they made the conscious decision not to start the series with the flood and show the disaster and recovery immediately afterward , reasoning that those were the stories America was pretty familiar with from media coverage .
If Treme had done a first season about the flood and its aftermath , though , the second line would have made an excellent , cathartic final scene for that imaginary first season .
* I gave a lot of props to Clarke Peters ( and those still stand ) , and there ’s great casting and performances in this show all around , but Khandi Alexander just kills it from the second she steps on screen — the way she carries herself and speaks immediately conveys both LaDonna ’s exhaustion and strength at once .
* And though I had my issues with Davis as a character , I ca n’t really fault Steve Zahn ’s performance for them .
Nor his bravery .
If Twitter is any gauge , Treme got America ’s attention by introducing itself to viewers by way of his naked ass .
* One of the first big musical cameos ( besides Elvis Costello’s ) was New Orleans trumpet player Kermit Ruffins .
And his exchange with Davis comes close to summing up Treme ’s dedication to showing us a hyperlocal world of New Orleans culture that rarely escapes the city ’s borders .
“ You want to stand there and tell me that all you want to do is get high , play some trumpet and barbecue in New Orleans your whole damn life ? ”
“ That ’ll work . ” [ laughs ]
* Which reminds me : I did a lot of research preparing to write about this show and I ’ve visited the city a few times , but when it comes down to it , I ’m just a tourist .
Treme felt very right to me , but do we have any natives in Tuned Inland ?
Do you think it got New Orleans right ?
* Getting New Orleans right is important , obviously , but as important in reality - based fiction is not letting fealty to realism overtake the fiction .
One danger that that you use “ but it really happened ” to justify scenes that do n’t work dramatically ; the other is that you let “ but that never happened ” take out scenes that do work .
Case in point : I ’ve already seen nitpicking that that scene in which Janette has her sous - chef plate up a Hubig ’s fried pie for Creighton could not have happened , because Hubig ’s was not up and running again yet in December 2005 .
The scene , however , was a perfect small moment , and Simon and Overmyer were right to have their pie and eat it too .
All in all , I thought , an eccentric , impressionistic pilot , but one with the ingredients to make a uniquely great portrait of a city .
Agree or disagree ?
There ’s a confusingly huge amount of information floating around about pedals on the bike .
It ’s easy to listen to people talk about power transfer and pulling up on the pedals and things like that .
And most of it ’s totally wrong .
I thought I ’d insert some reality to the situation .
I even checked my references !
First things first :
If you are riding for the joy of riding and are n’t concerned with reaching the maximum amount of speed that your body is capable of , you should n’t be worrying about pedals .
You want plain old flat pedals , maybe one of the bigger ones that provides a wider platform .
And whatever shoes you feel like .
You do n’t want toe clips or clipless pedals or powergrips or anything else like that .
Keep it simple .
On the other hand , you may want to use something fancier .
If you are riding a fixed - gear bike , you need to think about this .
Or maybe you just want to ride faster .
The right pedals can make an already fast rider go faster and farther .
There are two major pedal types , besides the plain old flat pedals :
Toe clips - Some pedals have two holes on one side where you can mount toe clips .
Often times , you can also get toe - straps that let you anchor your foot more securely .
Clipless pedals -
You have special shoes and pedals that securely latch together .
As simple as possible , but no more
If you go to Rivendell Cyclery ’s website , written by famed retro-grouch Grant Petersen , you ’ll find “ The Shoes Ruse , ” which is pretty much the encyclopedic explanation for why Grant would rather you wear street shoes .
And , you know what ?
He ’s pretty much right for average recreational riders .
Most average riders are going to be the absolute happiest with a plain old flat pedal .
Period .
You can wear whatever shoes you feel like wearing , do n’t have to worry about getting your feet properly clipped in , and do n’t end up spending much money .
You wo n’t notice much difference in efficiency at recreational speeds , distances , and level of effort .
Anything but regular old flat pedals is going to anchor your feet in .
This takes skill .
Getting in is easy .
You ’ll put your toes in the clip or click - in to your pedals and get going .
And then you see a stop light and slow down .
Eventually , the bike starts to lean over … but your reflex is to pull your feet up or to the side and you can ’t .
It leans over farther to the side , and you smack into the pavement , still attached to the pedals .
In general , this is more likely to happen with an audience .
After one or two falls and some mental reminders , you ’ll get used to the motions of getting out of your pedals .
It becomes part of your muscle memory and you do n’t even need to think about it .
The problem is that you do need to ride often enough to get to that point .
There are some very real benefits to these “ advanced ” pedals .
It ’s not just style !
There ’s enough of a performance improvement that , if you are interested in riding hard , you will notice .
My feet are actually much more comfortable after I got my clipless shoes and pedals .
Most forms of bike acrobatics are a little easier to get started .
And , even though most urban fixie hipsters use flat pedals , it ’s much safer for a fixed gear rider to have their feet secured .
What happens when you pedal
Here ’s where Grant ’s wrong .
Let me explain :
The whole point of toe clips and clipless pedals is to secure the foot against the pedal so that it does n’t move .
This means I could pedal my bike with only one foot , both pushing and pulling on the pedals .
They used to tell people that being able to push and pull was why people tended to bike faster with toe clips or clipless pedals .
People still tell you about this .
On the other hand , there ’s biomechanical studies ( Jorge & Hull 1986 , Coyle et al 1991 ) that show that when an “ elite ” cyclist is pedaling , they actually pull up less than your average cyclist .
From this , you might assume that toe clips are useless , right ?
Not necessarily .
It pretty much boils down to your muscles being able to work more efficiently .
Your brain and nerves are wired towards walking .
Pedaling is not a natural thing .
If you have your feet fastened to the pedals , it tends to confine your movement so that you can put all of your effort towards spinning and not waste effort keeping your feet on the pedals .
This also means that you can pedal at a higher cadence without “ bouncing ” .
( Capmal & Vandewalle 1997 )
The motion most coaches suggest you do is “ scraping gum off your shoe ” .
It ’s funny , because I ’ve tracked that back to an article that explained why you should n’t be pulling up , except that most folks claim that the advice is how to pull up on the pedals .
Furthermore , they found that they ’d get pain from trying to push the pedal where only a small segment of their foot was actually supported , so they put really stiff soles on their shoes and made them specifically oriented towards cycling .
Eventually , because they decided that there ’s a single correct position for maximum power transfer , they ’d even put cleats on the bottom of the shoe so that your foot would really lock in place well .
Thus , between the dedicated shoe design and more efficient muscle movements , this is why toe clips , then clipless pedals , were developed .
Just because the basic model of “ pulling up ” is wrong does n’t mean that the whole idea is crap !
History
In order to understand the wide variety of pedals , it helps to understand the history behind all of the options .
In the beginning , all pedals were nice happy platforms where you ’d put your shoe to provide a place for you and the bike to interface , where you would push on the pedals to turn the cranks to rotate the gears and make the bike move .
Eventually , racers started to notice their feet slipping off the pedals .
Not all the time , but often enough to be annoying .
So they started to put toe clips on the pedals so that they would n’t slip off .
And they also found that if they put a strap in the toe clip , they could get just a little more power .
They also started making cleats that would let you increase your retention even further and allow the rider to accurately position their foot .
The problem is that the more you tightened the strap in your toe clip , the better the advantage , but also the greater the risk you could n’t get your foot out of the strap in time .
Cleats just made it worse .
You ’d roll up to a stop and if there was n’t somebody to grab you , you ’d land on your side , feet still in the pedals .
If you got into an accident , it was unlikely that the pedals would let your feet out , which is n’t necessarily the best idea .
Eventually , after a bunch of even more dangerous ideas , including the “ Death Cleat ” design where you ’d have a special cleat on the bottom of your shoe and a clip with a lever that you ’d release by hand , a ski-binding company named Look invented “ clipless ” pedals … which then launched a whole variety of ways to hook your feet into the bike .
Because there is no one system that really fits everybody ’s needs , there ’s generally a variety of shoes , and several different totally incompatible cleat / pedal systems .
Pedals , in general
In order for a pedal to work , it needs to contain an axle and a bearing assembly so that it can freely rotate around and enough sealing so that , whenever it gets sprayed with dirt and water and grime , the bearings do n’t self - destruct on you .
The quality of the bearings and seal are a very important consideration .
Good pedals will give you years of service without trouble .
Bad pedals need elaborate routine maintenance .
Well - marketed bad pedals advertise how easy it is to do the routine maintenance , as if it ’s some sort of a perk .
This is mostly a matter of attention to design details and much less a matter of individual features .
In order to mount or remove the pedals , you need a wrenching surface , which is generally a pair of “ wrench flats ” but some pedals have removed those flats to make the pedals a little bit smaller and lighter and require you to use a hex head on the end .
One side of the pedals is reverse threaded , for roughly the same reason why it ’s reverse - threaded on older cars .
This means that the pedals will get awfully tight on the crank over time and become hard to remove … and eventually cause the crank arms to break … but nobody has cared enough to really solve it properly .
It does n’t matter what kind of pedals you are using , you need to have comfortable feet .
I ’ve seen people pedal against a broken pedal where just the axle is pointing out .
In general , you will be much more comfortable if the force of your pedaling is spread out over as much of the bottom of the foot as can be accommodated .
Some people really care about the weight .
I care about weight , as long as it does n’t come at the expense of durability and does n’t involve me spending absurd amounts of money on the pedals .
Flat pedals
You can get resin ( plastic or rubber ) flat pedals that might get a little slippery in the mud but wo n’t scrape against anything .
They also fully support your foot .
Or you can get metal flat pedals , which tend to be able to leave scrape marks on your shin if you walk alongside your bike while wearing shorts .
Often times , it ’s just a metal band or two .
These shed mud better .
Sometimes there ’s more metal to them and they ’ll have metal studs sticking out for better grip .
If you look around , you can find bigger pedals that support your feet even better .
Sometimes they even come in fancy shapes .
You can also get pedals made from a variety of alloys and painted or coated different colors
Toe -clips
Many flat pedals have a pair of holes on them for toe clips .
You can get platform pedals which are designed exclusively to take toe - clips , such that the bottom is kind of rounded and they are structured to hang exactly where you want them to .
The goal of a toe clip is to provide a spot for your toe to press against and , potentially , support one or two straps .
You can still find them in various shapes and forms , ranging from “ half clips ” that just keep your shoes positioned , to regular clips .
In theory , you should be able to wear whatever shoes you want with them , but I have n’t found this to be true .
I had a pair of sneakers that would not fit properly in my toe clips .
Between the pedals and the toe - clips , you can also scuff up your shoes pretty good .
On the other hand , they do give you the desired better pedaling dynamics while letting you wear normal shoes .
So if you are a police cyclist , you can wear your regular shoes for chasing down suspects or not scuffing up somebody ’s house .
Or you can go touring and hike .
And , because urban fixie riders like normal shoes but need better retention , they ought to be using toe clips but do n’t .
There ’s a few downsides .
Except for a few fancy road - racing setups that clipless pedals largely replaced , you are guaranteed that every time you want to hit the pedals , it ’s going to require a bit of footwork .
The toe clips will naturally hang down , so you will have to put your foot on the pedal , roll it over , and stick your foot inside the clip .
Some pedals have little prongs sticking out opposite the toe clip to make this easier .
Furthermore , unless you put enough force in to physically break the clip and strap , you will not come loose in a crash .
Finally , until you get clipped in , you run the risk of scraping the clips against the ground .
On the other hand , if you use two straps and tighten them really good , your feet wo n’t come loose .
Thus , a lot of track riders use that sort of setup because they can track - stand and have somebody help them and having your foot come loose at the cadences they pedal on the track is pretty much a recipe for disaster .
You can do things halfway .
There are now half - clips available that do n’t use any sort of strap but just keep your feet in a better position for pedaling .
It ’s not perfect , but it may be good enough — they do n’t let you pull up , but they will still help your muscles move more efficiently .
I have n’t tried a set yet , but they do n’t conflict with the present theories .
Clipless pedals
Pretty much , the way most of them work is that there ’s a little metal cleat that bolts to your shoe with a special shape that slips into a set of jaws built into the pedal .
The jaws will grasp at the cleat but there ’s enough spring in the system that you can come loose if you pull hard enough .
The shape of the cleat and jaws makes it possible for you to twist out of the pedals easily .
Personally , I ’ve found it much easier to use my clipless pedals than toe - clips .
Most designs offer some degree of “ float ” .
The exact amount is subject to dispute .
If you had cleats with no float , you must get the cleat positioned exactly right or else you will have knee problems .
If you have cleats with too much float , you might find yourself getting your knees so far out of alignment , you ’ll also have knee problems .
Furthermore , if you have a loose pedal with lots of float , you end up more muscle effort not twisting your ankles as you pedal .
Different designs have different ways to adjust the float or might not let you adjust the float at all .
And some folks claim that with their knee issues or whatnot that they need pedals with a lot of float .
Different designs have varying degrees of mud resistance .
Mountain bike pedals tend to do a better job at this because it ’s more of a design requirement .
Road pedals tend to get away with much more marginal mud resistance .
Cyclocross riders are even pickier than mountain bikers about this because a track needs to have obstacles sufficient to force the rider to dismount , whereas mountain bike trails do n’t work like that .
The cleat needs to be able to release if you yank it in any direction hard enough ( like if you crash ) but not release if you are sprinting hard .
The cleat is constantly getting ground down whenever you walk and whenever you unclip , so it helps if the more vital surfaces are n’t exposed to road grit .
Some designs let you adjust how much tension the cleat is gripped with , others do not .
Usually , lower - tension grip means that it ’s a little easier to get unclipped , although less than you ’d think .
Not having the tension high enough increases the risk you ’ll pop out at the worst possible moment .
Generally beginners feel better with the tension towards the minimum end .
If you watch track sprinters , there ’s a few ways to modify a standard road clipless pedal to take a strap as an extra measure of safety to prevent coming loose in a sprint .
Most everybody else prefers to be able to unclip if necessary .
The pedals and cleats in your shoes are exposed to road grime and get worn down over time .
The cleat wears first , which requires you to tighten the tension ( if it ’s adjustable ) and eventually replace the cleat because the tension is at max .
After that , the pedal wears out .
Mountain vs. Road Clipless pedals
The first pedals were oriented towards road racing , so there ’s a big metal cleat under your toes , as hard of a sole as possible , and the whole works is designed to be lightweight .
The problem is that you look really silly when you try to get off the bike and walk for a bit .
The metal clanks on the floor ( and may damage it ) and you do n’t have much traction .
More recent designs oriented towards mountain bikes will let you walk in your shoes because the cleat is recessed .
They even make shoes that are a little flexible so that you can have an easier time walking .
If there ’s a recessed cleat , they tend to call them “ Mountain bike ” shoes and pedals , if there is n’t , they tend to call them “ Road ” shoes and pedals .
Furthermore , most “ Road ” pedals can only let you clip in on one side , whereas “ Mountain ” pedals let you clip in from either side .
There ’s actually three sets of hole patterns that shoes can use , which may mean that your “ road ” shoes ca n’t work with your “ mountain ” pedals and cleat and very likely means that your “ mountain ” shoes will fail to work with your “ road ” pedals and cleat .
Furthermore , if you are using an especially unusual combination of pedal , cleat , and shoe , you might discover that everything does n’t quite fit .
Road pedals tend to be lighter and most of the time they are single - sided with a significantly larger cleat , although they are usually designed such that the pedals will fall in a ready - to - clip - in position .
Road bikers tend to think these will let them go faster , which I ’m not totally convinced of .
However , there ’s no room for a recessed cleat , so they are not great on a polished concrete floor .
They also tend to be lighter weight as well .
Other than the name and potentially some degree of efficiency , there is no reason why you ca n’t use mountain pedals and shoes on a road bike or road pedals and shoes on a mountain bike .
Marketing likes to keep these distinctions from blurring because that way they can sell more hardware .
For most cyclists , road or mountain , the mountain bike styled pedals and shoes make a lot of sense .
The cleat is recessed , so the shoes are a little more friendly to walking .
It ’s a clear improvement over both toe clips and platform pedals , plus most mountain pedals have two or four clamps , which means that you just put your foot down and clip in .
Bike shoes
There ’s a wide range in price of bike shoes and a bunch of different styles .
In theory , shoes are supposed to last for quite a long time … but some folks I know have spent a lot of money on shoes that did n’t last long at all .
Most of the time , they tend to look vaguely bike - shoes - esque , but sometimes you can find ones that look a little more like sneakers .
Plus there are cycling sandals , which appeal to some folks .
The design goal of bike shoes is a fairly stiff saddle so you do n’t get hot - spots , to be breathable enough to let sweat out , and to securely hold your foot in place .
This will feel awfully comfortable while biking , like you are strapped into a giant pedal .
You wo n’t feel comfortable jogging in bike shoes , however .
Mountain bike shoes will have a little flex and recessed cleats so that you could run in them ( most notably the uphill run-ups on cyclocross races ) but you still wo n’t be comfortable .
I ’ve tried even more sneaker - like shoes and even they were n’t something you could wear all the time .
One important advantage of bike shoes that you should n’t give up is the ability to not have your shoelaces caught in the gears .
Some of them have shoelaces with a flap to hold them in place .
My shoes have two velcro straps and a ratchet and I much prefer that .
Fit is very important , so you really need to try shoes on .
Higher - end shoes come in different widths to make it easier to fit .
Some of the highest end shoes can be put in an oven and be molded around your foot .
The materials are often times different , with carbon fiber soles costing more but being lighter and thinner and stiffer .
Hybrid pedals
You can get pedals with a grip on one side and a normal pedal on the other side .
The problem is that they tend to be weighted so that one side tends to be the side facing up , which either means that you have to rotate the pedal while going clipless or while not going clipless , which pretty much depends on the pedal .
I ’ve tried a set and I hated every second of using them .
You can also get pedals that are double sided but have a cage surrounding the pedal .
This gives you better utility while riding partially clipped out , but does n’t really help too much for biking with street shoes .
The problem is that the pop -up mechanism still put a lot of pressure against the soles of my sneakers , which leads me to suspect that if you need to ride a mile or two on street shoes , it probably does n’t matter .
You can even get shoes that are designed be flexible to make walking easier .
The problem is that the bike shoe is stiff for a very good reason .
Regular mountain bike and cyclocross shoes are about as flexible as you ’d want them to be before they stop being useful as bike shoes .
I did try some of the pairs and , while they were a little more normal - looking and walkable than my bike shoes , they were n’t impressively sneaker - ish .
I did discover that Speedplay pedals , which I ’m not especially fond of , have a neat plastic cage that snaps around their double - sided pedals to turn them into a normal double - sided flat pedal .
Most of the rest of the adapters to add platforms to clipless pedals are only one - sided .
That being said , it ’s best to pick a path .
Either go clipless or do n’t .
Either get bike shoes or sneakers .
If you need to bike a mile or less , you can usually pedal on street shoes with clipless pedals and , even though it ’s far from optimal , it ’s good enough .
Or have one bike that has normal pedals and one bike that ’s got clipless pedals .
Eventually , I got a pair of dress shoes that were gathering dust in my closet and left them at work and both of my bikes have clipless pedals .
A few closing thoughts
I tend to like the Shimano SPD system .
This is largely because it ’s sold everywhere , does n’t cost that much , is decently sturdy , and works well .
I ’ve got a PD - M424 , which is pretty much a resin cage around a cleat on my mountain bike .
The big benefit to the resin cage is that it still offers a lot of support if you are n’t totally clipped in .
I heard a lot of people gripe about how gnasty the resin part looks over time , but it does n’t bother me that much .
I ’ve got a PD - M540 on my road bike , which has no cage , because it ’s a little lighter and sleeker and the cases where I ’d be biking partially - clipped - in only happen off - road .
There are a few different cleat types for the SPD pedal .
The first set are multi-release , such that you can twist in most any angle or direction and if you do it hard enough , you ’ll pop out .
The other set are standard cleats , which require you to twist in one particular direction to clip out ( but if you yank hard enough or crash , they ’ll still release ) .
Everybody says that you should use the multi-release type starting out , but I wanted to bunny - hop and that ’s not so good of an idea on the multi- release cleats , so I gritted my teeth and found the standard ones are n’t that bad at all .
I ’ve got Sidi shoes .
So far , they seem to be great shoes for the money .
Decently sturdy , extremely comfortable , and most of the stuff that might break on you is easy enough to replace .
I see a lot of riders with them .
One thing to be extremely careful about is the cleat bolts .
See , if you walk on gravel , you have a pretty high risk of having a rock stuck in the cleat bolt and wo n’t be able to remove the cleat without a LOT of effort .
If your cleat bolts are loose , the cleat will shift and make it really hard to unclip .
If one of the cleat bolts comes all of the way out , you wo n’t be able to unclip at all .
References
Coyle EF , Feltner ME , Kautz SA , Hamilton Mt , Montain SJ , Naylor AM , Abraham LD and Petrek GW , “ Physiological and biomechanical factors associated with elite endurance cycling performance ” , Medicine and Science in Sports and Exercise .
Vol 23 No 1 : 93 â  107 , 1990
Jorge M and Hull M , “ Analysis of EMG measurements during bicycle pedaling ” , Journal of Biomechanics .
19 : 683-694 , 1986
Capmal S and Vandewalle H , “ Torque - velocity relationship during cycle ergometer sprints with and without toe clips ” , European Journal of Applied Physiology .
76 : 375-379 , 1997
Critics chide Commission plans to fight sexual exploitation Campaigners say website blocking is a ‘ distraction ’ , while Reding urges Malmström to drop the idea .
European Commission plans under development for fighting the sexual exploitation of children have run into widespread criticism even before they emerge .
Cecilia Malmström , the European commissioner for home affairs , will next week propose a directive aimed at blocking paedophile websites .
But civil liberties campaigners , a German government minister , and a fellow commissioner have already voiced opposition .
The critics argue that obliging member states to block offensive websites would be ineffective .
Child pornography is widely distributed through peer - to - peer networks that operate below website level , they point out .
Owners of blocked websites can also easily redirect traffic through a different server and people looking for this type of material can circumvent website blocks by using widely available software .
German opposition
Sabine Schnarrenberger , Germany ’s justice minister , advised Malmström earlier this week not to include website blocking in the draft law .
Viviane Reding , the European commissioner for justice , fundamental rights and citizenship , has also urged Malmström to drop the idea .
Malmström defended the blocking plan in a letter to Reding earlier this week .
“ The draft directive proposes to strengthen different mechanisms in order to block content , ” she wrote , adding that the law would block sites that cannot be eliminated , such as websites located outside the EU .
Opponents of Malmström ’s approach warn that her focus is a distraction and can be a fig - leaf for inaction .
Instead , efforts should be focused on the much tougher task of clamping down on the perpetrators , they argue .
“ Blocking websites is a sticking - plaster technological solution to a really serious problem , ” said Joe McNamee , a civil liberties campaigner with European Digital Rights .
“ All it does is make the politicians look as if they are addressing the problem , ” he added .
The German government has abandoned a law blocking websites , partly influenced by a campaign from an association of abuse victims , which argued against that approach .
‘ Dishonest ’
Christian Bahls , who founded the association and is himself a child - abuse victim , described as “ demagogic ” efforts to pass a blocking law in Germany .
“ To suggest that blocking removes the material is simply dishonest , unacceptable , ” he said in a recent documentary aired on German public TV channel NDR .
The Malmström initiative has also prompted fears among civil liberties groups that moves to block child - abuse websites will open the door to further and wider clampdowns on the internet .
This , they say , will undermine Europe ’s efforts to discourage China , Iran and other countries from censorship of the internet .
France and other member states are discussing introducing website blocking of child - abuse sites .
Denmark , Belgium and the UK are already looking beyond child abuse , and debating whether other content could be restricted , such as gambling websites and illegal music file - sharing websites .
The blocking proposal is one of many ideas contained in the draft directive .
Others include the criminalisation of so - called child grooming , where child abusers lure youngsters into an intimate relationship , and the harmonisation of penalties for child abuse across the EU .
The directive would also define a range of child abuse offences and proposes measures to help the cross - border investigation and prosecution of paedophiles .
Well , sorta :
Dick Cheney today announced that he is endorsing Kentucky Secretary of State Trey Grayson over Rand Paul in the GOP Senate primary .
“ I ’m a lifelong conservative , and I can tell the real thing when I see it .
I have looked at the records of both candidates in the race , and it is clear to me that Trey Grayson is right on the issues that matter — both on fiscal responsibility and on national security , ” Cheney said in a statement released this morning .
I suspect for many of our readers , this is somewhat analogous to Carter ’s Razor ; i.e. on any policy issue , the correct position is most likely to be the exact opposite of whatever Jimmy Carter is advocating .
If Cheney is pushing for Trey Grayson , anyone with a libertarian bent should vote for “ the other guy ” .
Job : Writer
Hometown : Martinsville , VA
I 'm in very good health , and I have n't been to a doctor in more than 30 years .
I will not buy health care , nor will I pay a penalty .
Just because the government assesses a fine , it does n't mean they 'll be able to collect it .
As a freelancer , I do n't have employer - supplied health coverage , and I do n't really care .
I am not paying hundreds of dollars a month for health insurance just because the government thinks I should .
I just have strong opinions about taking care of yourself , and I 'm willing to pay the consequences for that point of view .
If I get sick , well , I guess they can just scrape me up off the street and put me in with the landfill !
So when a creature flick comes along that is so preposterously ridiculous , so patently absurd , so monstrously unscientific ... well , we do n't actually notice until years later when we need a premise for an article .
But then we have no choice but to feel betrayed and scream " BULLSHIT ! " at the top of our lungs .
6 The Facehugger
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
As seen in : Alien
The Facehugger was just one of several horrific stages in the life cycle of the alien race in Alien .
Basically , the thing was an octopuss - looking abortion of squirming slime , whose whole purpose was to implant the next phase of itself into a host .
And it did so by facerape .
It latched on to a guy 's mouth and pumped its offspring down his throat , which later burst out of the poor fool 's chest .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Why We Call Bullshit :
What do aliens eat ?
Do the movies ever establish that ?
Well , they 'd better eat the exact same damned diet as humans , since their offspring apparently have to survive on the exact same nutrients found in a human body .
After all , a human embryo / fetus requires an incredibly specific set of nutrients , so much so that artificial wombs are still science fiction .
And keep in mind , this species did n't evolve specifically to use humans as hosts -- as far as we know , they had never encountered humans before the events of the first film .
Alien tries to bullshit its way around this by saying that the Alien 's DNA merges with the host ; this becomes totally ridiculous when you realize that , despite sharing a good 99.9 percent of our DNA with chimps , we 're still genetically incompatible with the fuckers .
Since the Alien is way , way less like us than the chimp , this would be like saying a Komodo Dragon could successfully impregnate a human .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Hello , ladies .
But even that analogy breaks down when you realize that the Alien was not only completely different from humans , it was completely different from every living creature on the planet .
Yes , unlike carbon - based life ( a.k.a. fucking everything ) , the Alien was a silicon - based creature :
At one point in the movie , we see it replacing its exoskeleton with polarized silicon , which would be like if you replaced your skin with glass .
Editors of medical journals should unite in requiring independent statistical analyses of industry - sponsored clinical trials , according to the two top editors of the Journal of the American Medical Association .
Such a measure would help prevent any inappropriate influence from the study sponsors on data analysis and reporting , wrote Catherine DeAngelis , MD , MPH , editor - in - chief of JAMA , and Phil Fontanarosa , MD , MBA , executive deputy editor of the journal , in an editorial .
" This approach would add powerful support to the fundamental principle that physicians must first do no harm , " they wrote in an editorial in the March 24/31 issue of JAMA .
Steven Nissen , MD , of the Cleveland Clinic , agreed in a commentary in the same issue .
" Although this procedure does not guarantee the integrity of the resulting manuscript , it is an essential step and should be universally mandated , " he wrote .
" If all journals adopted such a policy , the quality of reporting of industry - sponsored clinical trials would be significantly improved . "
Providing a basis for his argument , Nissen recounted the situation surrounding rosiglitazone ( Avandia ) and the RECORD ( Rosiglitazone Evaluated for Cardiac Outcomes and Regulation of Glycemia in Diabetes ) trial .
In February , the Senate Finance Committee released a report on its investigation into safety issues surrounding the drug and the role the manufacturer , GlaxoSmithKline , played in the conduct of the RECORD trial and the release of the results .
The report suggested the drug should be pulled from the market .
The FDA will convene an advisory panel in July to address the issue .
Nissen became involved in 2007 when he submitted a manuscript co-authored by Kathy Wolski , MPH , also of the Cleveland Clinic , to the New England Journal of Medicine .
The meta -analysis of data from 42 clinical trials found a 43 % increased relative risk of myocardial infarction with rosiglitazone .
The manuscript was leaked by a peer reviewer to GlaxoSmithKline , whose own statisticians upheld the findings .
The manufacturer then took steps to blunt the effects of the meta- analysis , according to Nissen .
The RECORD trial was unblinded and the interim results were published .
This was " an extremely unusual procedure that would seriously undermine the statistical validity and credibility of the final trial results , " Nissen stated .
The academic steering committee for the trial was convinced to report the interim results , which did not find a significantly increased risk of MI in patients taking rosiglitazone .
The final results , reported last year , also failed to show a significantly increased risk of MI but did find twice the risk of heart failure .
DeAngelis and Fontanarosa wrote , " The manufacturer of rosiglitazone exerted inappropriate influence during the conduct of a pivotal safety study of this drug ... which included undertaking nonprespecified unblinding of study data , attempting to undermine the authority and responsibilities of the study steering committee , expediting publication of an unscheduled interim analysis , ... having employees extensively involved in statistical analysis and preparation of the manuscript reporting the results of the trial , and reportedly failing to fully acknowledge the significant cardiovascular risk associated with this drug . "
According to Nissen , the situation with RECORD showed that the " absence of independent access to all of the data in the trial may allow physician - scientists to be manipulated by the sponsor , resulting in a manuscript that does not provide the most accurate assessment of the risks and benefits of the therapy . "
Situations like this have " become all too common , " DeAngelis and Fontanarosa wrote , and journals have implemented changes in an attempt to deal with potential conflicts .
Requiring detailed information about data management , statistical analysis , and sponsor involvement " represent important progress in achieving more transparent reporting of industry - sponsored studies , " but , they wrote , " it is virtually inevitable that other instances of incomplete or inappropriate data analysis , selective reporting , and misrepresentation of reports involving industry - sponsored research may occur . "
Requiring an independent academic statistician to perform analyses for industry - sponsored trials is another step toward dealing with this problem , they wrote .
" We recognize that this requirement ... entails additional effort , time , and cost , " they wrote .
" However , given concerns about the integrity and reporting of some industry - sponsored research , this independent assessment of the data and statistical analysis is essential and also provides an additional layer of institutional oversight for the integrity of the data analysis and reporting . "
Such a requirement is followed by JAMA itself and by most -- but not all -- of the Archives journals .
The requirement is listed as a preference for the Archives of Dermatology , and there is no such policy for the Archives of Ophthalmology or the Archives of Facial Plastic Surgery .
NEJM also does not have a requirement for independent statistical analysis of industry - sponsored trials , but has other safeguards .
According to a spokesperson for the journal , " NEJM employs four biomedical statisticians who review the appropriateness of statistical approach and analysis plan in all manuscripts before they are published .
We often seek clarification , revision , and sometimes modified or additional statistical tests from study authors . "
Others suggest that the smell is created by other chemical compounds called thioesters .
There is also a compound called asparagusic acid , which , surprisingly , is not found primarily in asparagus .
If these compounds are broken down and mixed with the genetically - created enzyme , the results could be a strong smelling urine .
This smell is actually considered to be good news , since it proves that the asparagus eater 's kidneys are functioning as they should .
Scientists are still not entirely sure which set of chemical compounds contained in nutritious spring vegetable actually cause the smelly pee .
The stalks themselves do not acquire a similar odor as they are prepared , so whatever happens most likely happens after ingestion .
Experts believe that those with a certain gene produce a digestive enzyme which breaks down the asparagus into various chemical compounds .
One of those compounds is called methyl mercaptan , which is the same chemical which gives a skunk its defensive smell .
One theory suggests that the veggie breaks down quickly in the body and an enzyme releases methyl mercaptan , which eventually goes through the kidneys and is excreted as a waste product in the urine .
The good news is that asparagus does not affect everyone in this way .
Studies conducted on the " asparagus urine " phenomenon ( are n't you glad you did n't volunteer ! ) indicate that roughly 40 to 50 percent of those tested developed the distinctive odor .
Surprisingly enough , there is also a segment of the population who cannot smell the sulphurous fumes of asparagus - laced urine .
It is believed that both the generation of the odoriferous urine and the ability to smell it are based on genetics .
Only those with a certain gene can break down the chemicals inside the asparagus into their smelly components , and only those with the proper gene can smell the results of that chemical breakdown .
What 's more , the two abilities are n't always embodied in one person .
That is , those who produce it , ca n't always smell it , and those who can smell it do n't necessarily produce it .
Asparagus — a green vegetable belonging to the lily family — has one notorious side effect for some diners who eat enough of it .
Within a half - hour of consumption , some people notice their urine has acquired a very pungent odor , often compared to rotting cabbage , ammonia , or rotten eggs .
The effects of asparagus on urine are generally fleeting and harmless , but it 's not necessarily the consumer 's finest hour , bodily excretion - wise .
A regular wiseGEEK contributor , Michael enjoys doing research in order to satisfy his wide - ranging curiosity about a variety of arcane topics .
Before becoming a professional writer , Michael worked as an English tutor , poet , voice - over artist , and DJ .
Discussion Comments
anon1001191 March 21 , 2019 I was curious about this phenomenon , since I love and eat a lot of asparagus .
It is very noticeable in urine , after eating mass amounts of this yummy veggie .
Unlike most views , I tolerate and actually like this unique smell .
More asparagus , please !
anon996254 August 1 , 2016 I must have the asparagus gene .
I have the odor and can smell the odor .
My problem is compounded though , as I can smell it in my sweat .
Is this normal , or could I have a leaky bladder ?
It 's hard to go long periods of time without sweating .
Physical exertion to the point of sweating is good for the body , but sweating in public is extremely embarrassing .
My genetic profile says I have more than average Neanderthal in me .
I 'm wondering if this could possibly be connected with the asparagus gene ?
My DNA also shows ancestry from North Africa , Native American , Western Europe , and Ashkenazi / Jewish .
Other [ probably sulfur related ] foods [ eggs , broccoli , etc. , etc. ] also seem to produce this odor in my system .
I 'm guessing there 's no cure [ other than a diet absent of these odor producing foods ] for the production of this odor in one 's body ?
More than anything else , this gene and its effects on one 's public life seem to be a curse more than annoying , unpleasant , or humorous .
Worst of all , I only today connected asparagus [ of which I 've only consumed about 10 stalks in my entire life ] with the odor , and when I try to tell my doctor about the problem , he seems to think it 's no big deal or just in my head .
How does one stay healthy and not sweat ?
If geneticists or doctors ever find a cure , treatment or anti-asparagus odor remedy , please let me / us know , ASAP .
-- ALF
anon342089 July 17 , 2013
I have just noticed the horrible smell and was searching for reasons and came across this site and other sites to explain the gross scent .
I am new to eating asparagus so I 'm not sure if it has happened before .
My question is : how many of you above have trouble with cholesterol ?
And do any of you also have side effects from alcohol ( not getting drunk ) but after the smallest sip of any alcohol , your face turns red and you notice it in your heart and breathing ?
I am curious if this trait is connected to my other problems .
I am super sensitive to statin drugs .
Please answer .
anon337848 June 8 , 2013
Although I have been a heavy consumer of asparagus all my life , I never smelled it in my pee until i was 45 years old .
But now , it 's an incredibly pungent , burning rubber smell .
I feel I would have noticed it before , so I feel that this phenomenon is new , but my sense of smell to detect is has always been in place .
anon330644 April 17 , 2013 Viruses add genes to the genome , and other pathogens may influence genes , also .
I stopped getting this odor after an infection with terrible pathogen ( I got really sick like many did in the past eight years ) .
Many people who do n't produce this urine have been converted by the pathogen .
Production of this odor is good thing .
anon330326 April 15 , 2013
Is it normal to have kidney pain in one side only after eating asparagus ?
anon258843 April 3 , 2012
My mom had this question and I can't believe the results .
anon253994 March 12 , 2012
I have to say I am surprised at the numbers that did not connect the smell to asparagus .
For as long as I can remember I have always known that eating asparagus made my urine smell weird .
There are even references to " asparagus pee " in a couple of movies I have seen and I always got a kick out of them .
I always wondered why this occurred though , but was unable to find much info on the subject for many years .
I have n't much thought about it since , but tonight i had asparagus and got to wondering again about twenty minutes later when I went to the restroom .
It is very interesting to find that many people do not have the gene to produce the smelly chemical combo .
Even more intriguing was that some can't smell the concoction .
Anyway , I love asparagus and can't wait to have some more !
anon249628 February 21 , 2012
My asparagus urine smells pretty , really pretty .
The first time I noticed it I was standing at a urinal wondering who the hell brought flowers into the men's room ?
It 's news to me that it apparently for most people the smell produced is unpleasant .
You gotta love sharing knowledge on Al Gore 's internet .
anon202533 August 2 , 2011
Glad to know what it is .
I 've been eating steamed asparagus for the past few months and I noticed a rubber smell but I could n't figure it out .
I though it was a gyno prob so I went to my gyn but she said I was fine .
Wish I could have made the connection sooner .
anon186128 June 14 , 2011
What a relief to read these posts .
I am 57 and noticed bad smelling urine ( musty ) a couple weeks ago after a barbecue where asparagus was grilled .
The smell went away after a day and I did n't make the connection or worry about it .
Last night I ate asparagas at dinner and at bed time and into today my urine has that very strong , musty smell again .
I thought I had an infection or maybe worse .
I guess if the smell goes away I can chalk it up to asparagus .
I will eat it again in a week just to test this .
anon177666 May 19 , 2011
My pee smells after eating asparagus but I would n't say it smells like skunk .
It just has a very pungent smell compared to normal pee .
Then last month , I noticed my pee smelled like skunk and wondered what did it .
I think it 's because I had shiitake mushrooms that day .
The other day I ate some dumplings that had shiitake mushrooms , and lo and behold !
My pee smelled like skunk again .
So now I know the root cause .
Wo n't stop me from eating these foods though .
Life 's too short !
anon175576 May 13 , 2011
This has me cracking up !
I thought I had some urine infection or that I even had a vaginal infection .
I ended up deciding that it was something to do with my urine since I only smelled it when I peed .
I recently tried asparagus for the first time and loved it .
So the smell was definitely new to me .
anon175199 May 12 , 2011
The gene is called the " Goldstein Gene " after the man who discovered it , the late Dr. David Goldstein .
anon168558 April 17 , 2011
I was wondering why my urine smelled a bit " aromatic " within minutes of consuming this yummy vegetable .
I do n't get a " sulfuric " smell when I eat asparagus - it just smells like asparagus to me .
The smell does n't bother me and I like how asparagus tastes , so I do n't know what the big fuss is all about .
I learned a few things from this article , so apparently I am of the individuals whole can break down the chemical composition and I am also one of the individuals who can smell this chemical composition .
And it is good news to know that since I produce this smell , it shows that my kidneys are functioning properly .
Interesting enough .
anon164449 4 hours ago I have been trying to find out why my mother has a bad urine smell like a skunk .
She has not had any asparagus , but I was wondering if it could be from too much calcium in her system ?
anon153146 February 16 , 2011
I am eating left over asparagus for lunch today , i absolutely love it and have been used to the after affects for years .
Now in - stink - tively I hold my breath .
anon153105 February 16 , 2011
Why would anyone care what their urine smells like ?
It 's not like you 're pissing in a cup in your living room .
I 've been eating asparagus for about a month now and yeah , my pee stinks but I 'm not worried about it .
I would stop eating it if my head turned green but that 's not happening .
All veggies are good for you .
-- Hugh J .
anon150451 February 8 , 2011 I had about eight stalks with lighter than normal dinner tonight .
Maybe an hour or two later in the bathroom , I was taken aback by the offensive odor .
At the time I could only think of the scene in Beowulf and Grendel where the troll pisses foul musk on Hrothgar 's doorstep , to the dismay of the Vikings .
After getting wholesome air outside of the bathroom , my head was once again clear enough to connect the fetid abomination to the culprit , i.e. asparagus .
I 'm just thankful I was pissing into an actual toilet ( 80s vintage ) and hence was fateful enough to have had 3.5 gallons of water diluting the asparagus atrocity .
On a side - note , I do n't get fish piss ( with the exception of tuna ) , which pretty much just smells like tuna - fish , i.e. , not very offensive .
Coffee piss is a ' possibility ' for me , although there 's definitely nothing foul about it .
Coffee mostly just annoys me by forcing unnecessary bathroom visits of short duration , when I can otherwise go wherever and whenever I want with my racehorse of a bladder .
As far as the asparagus rankocalypse goes , I am thoroughly finished with asparagus .
The way I see it , we have the gene to sense this repugnance by no mistake .
It smells awful for a reason and acts quickly through our systems , presumably so the smell can be associated and attributed to the proper culprit .
I will not be surprised to the slightest that a study will come out in the next five years showing that asparagus has unhealthy side effects ( presumably long term ) .
In fact , I expect it .
Asparagus also does n't get the benefit of having assured me the health of my kidneys , because I never doubted this .
anon149280 February 3 , 2011 Wow !
This is good information .
I just had my first sulfur smelling pee from eating asparagus .
I peed and was able to smell it .
At first I did n't know it was me .
I was in a public restroom and there was another lady peeing two stalls down .
I felt so bad for her because it could n't be me .
The order was terrible .
My pee never stinks .
Well later at home , I peed again and the order was back .
It scared the crap out of me .
I thought something had to be wrong with me .
Before calling the doctor , I searched the internet and found this sight .
I had eaten asparagus for lunch .
LOL !
anon146847 January 27 , 2011
Oh thank goodness !
I thought something was really wrong with me .
I 've been eating raw veggies ( grinding them first and mixing into my " veggie smoothie " ) .
I recently added asparagus to the mix and started noticing rubber smelling urine .
I guess I just have to put up with it , because I 'm trying a healthy diet regimen , and heard that asparagus might be the ultimate veggie .
Thank you to all who posted and helped put my mind at ease !
anon146711 January 27 , 2011
Oh wow .
This is so funny .
I started peeing a rancid smell last night not too long after dinner .
I thought that there might be something seriously wrong with me and was going to go to ER today if it did n't get better .
Then I happened to go into the bathroom after my husband this a.m. and could smell that what I want to call a rancid sweet sulfur smell behind him .
When I asked him if his urine stank too , he told me no .
We had asparagus for the first time ever last night for dinner with our veggie burgers so I had to look it up about the asparagus .
I guess I am one of the lucky ones who can smell it , lol .
Glad I can laugh about it now because I thought I was going to die or something , lol .
anon145216 January 22 , 2011
I 'm not sure why one might think so specifically that this phenomenon is the result of amino acid 's breaking down , as this is a process occurring regularly in the body -- whether you are speaking of the breaking of proteins into amino acids , or amino acid metabolism ( also called nitrogen metabolism ) .
The genetic approach seems to provide an understandable explanation that is , apparently , supported by research .
Should some people experience this phenomenon and others not , it would not make sense to say that they do not metabolize proteins / amino acids , as this is a necessary function in the human body .
anon137008 December 25 , 2010
Every time i eat Asparagus , roughly half an hour later , my urine does have the pungent odor of a dead whale soaked in ammonia .
And it does n't matter how little or much i eat either .
I have eaten two stalks before and have had asparagus smelly pee .
I think the genetic approach above is funny , but unconvincing .
It has to be some sort of breakdown of the amino acids in asparagus .
Well happy eating !
Here is a good dressing recipe for asparagus .
3 Tbs olive oil 1Tbs red wine vinegar 1tsp dijon mustard .
Whisk and drizzle over asparagus heads .
Happy eating !
anon135685 December 20 , 2010 it 's all very interesting .
Yes , certainly the science of it all , but to read about what 's on people 's minds and to know that others have these familiar curiosities as well .
Sso I definitely qualify for the " asparapee " , or " puff pee " as someone so affectionately referred to it , and definitely coffee or Earl Gray tea ( it 's the only one I 'll drink besides green or herbal ) .
Let me also add a couple more to this strange list of pee smells : tuna and Pepsi .
anon135655 December 19 , 2010 I seriously thought I had a bladder infection or worse cancer and I also thought I might be dehydrated .
When I urinated it stunk so bad !
Then I recalled what I had for supper and realized after reading this article that its perfectly healthy and totally normal !
Yes I have healthy kidneys !
anon131818 December 4 , 2010 Everyone makes smelly urine from asparagus but only 22 percent of the population can smell it .
Those who can will smell it in everyone else 's .
It only takes half a spear for my to smell .
It 's not unpleasant , just ' asparagus wee ' .
anon130163 November 27 , 2010 Wow !
I tried a new recipe this year for Thanksgiving .
Shrimp and Stuffing Casserole with Asparagus ( lots of it ) .
Everyone has been talking about the smell and I thought to do the research .
We 're safe .
anon129957 November 26 , 2010 I 'll be hitting the " BIG 50 " next March , and I have always noticed the smelly urine after eating asparagus .
I have also noticed it after my mother and / or my son have used the bathroom just before I have used it .
I 'm not looking for it , it just happens that way .
I know that they are both able to smell it too .
I have also noticed that even the smallest amount causes the smell .
I have noticed my urine smelling after other foods and beverages , but not as strongly as with asparagus .
I do n't drink beer , as I can't stand the taste of it , but I do smell it after others have used the bathroom just before I have .
anon129275 November 22 , 2010 I am laughing so hard !
Thanks for putting my mind at ease .
I noticed our toddler 's pee smelled like antibiotic pee when he's on amoxicillin .
I then noticed my pee smelled the same .
I started worrying so naturally looked it up .
Yes , we did have asparagus for dinner and he ate more than anyone .
No wonder he smells so bad .
I kept asking him if he spunked in his pants and he kept denying it .
The kid was n't lying .
It 's just that horrible urine smell .
Who would have thought ?
And it happens because you are healthy ?
anon124558 November 6 , 2010 I had a great time reading these posts ; this was informative and fun .
I have heard of the Sugar Smack thing too .
I get a distinctive smell , not bad , within an hour of eating asparagus , but it goes away within a couple of hours .
At least it 's not abnormal !
Thanks !
I am going to have to do some tests based on some comments about coffee .
That may be the answer to some of my unexplained odor problems that I know do n't come from uncleanliness or disease .
Thanks again .
anon122252 October 27 , 2010
This has happened to me every time I have eaten asparagus .
I was looking up why and this page came up .
Well , it 's neat how perfect God made the body to work and fight the bad stuff if we do what we are supposed to do , ( I do n't always ) but each day is a gift from God.
-- Indiana Girl
anon120744 October 21 , 2010 Agree with 199 - also has gotten more noticeable with age .
nevertheless veggies are good and good for you .
Also agree with 1and2 !
anon114704 yesterday
I swear when I eat asparagus my pee smells like the inside of a grunion 's rubber boot with the same stinking socks that he 's been wearing for half a generation !
anon111279 September 15 , 2010 I ate asparagus one night and went to the bathroom and though there was sewer gas coming back up through my commode .
Went again later and smelled commode first and then urinated , the smell appeared once again .
Ate asparagus again tonight , same results within one hour of consumption .
anon111201 September 15 , 2010 I love asparagus and have always noticed a distinctive smell when having a pee , but I would n't class it as unpleasant -- more like asparagus in garlic sauce smell .
sugar puff pee also smells like sugar puffs .
Great to know there are others out there -- not that it really concerned me .
anon110813 September 13 , 2010 I both create asparagus - smell urine and can smell it .
I do n't care , this is the Cadillac of vegetables .
Nothing better with a steak .
anon109983 September 10 , 2010 Comment :
My favorite post was # 40 .
( Throwing off the dogs ) ;
My French Bulldog chases me into the bathroom to hang out ' only ' while I tinkle after asparagus ( lol ) .
Q : What are the specific two gene names that cause one to a ) smell the asparagus pee ; and b ) produce the asparagus pee ?
( Assuming there are two distinct genes , got a little unsure after a couple of posts ) .
There are regional comparisons of genetic lines to those predisposed with these genes per some articles read online .
anon109845 September 9 , 2010
This is a relief to know that I am not the only one with urine that has a strong odor after eating asparagus .
I love asparagus and can put up with the odor since I have one of those marvelous toilet seats ( Toto washlet ) that cleanses you and takes odors away while sitting on it .
anon106971 August 28 , 2010
Count me in the group who believes their urine after eating asparagus , smells exactly like cooking / cooked asparagus .
Not foul , rotten , sulphur , or anything else .
Just asparagus , and not overpowering , yet easily detected without any need to stick your nose near it , just as you do n't have to stick your nose in the pan to smell it when cooking it .
I wonder if I have the gene which creates a nasty - asparagus - pee smell , but not the usual gene to smell it , but perhaps another one which lets me smell whatever the characteristic " cooking asparagus " smell comes from .
I do n't think so , as I 've never had the " guy at the next urinal runs away in horror " experience .
So I think I produce pee which smells like asparagus , and then can smell it without needing any special gene .
Canned tuna also makes my pee smell like canned tuna .
Not nasty , just like having an open can of tuna there .
More so with chunk light than solid white , and more so packed in oil than in water .
anon106043 August 23 , 2010
It will also make your poop black !
anon103591 August 12 , 2010 Wow !!
I ate asparagus for dinner tonight and last night .
I thought something was wrong because my urine smelled like sulphur .
So before I panicked and made a doctor 's appointment , I turned to Dr. Internet and I 'm so glad to learn that my kidneys are functioning well as the article states .
Cheers to the saying , " You learn something new every day ! "
anon102251 August 7 , 2010
It 's the truth .
I am not person who blogs for any reason .
However , I had to comment because after eating the asparagus , the smell of my urine was horrible .
I would have never thought it .
I started to worry , until I came online and realized it 's natural .
It 's horrible .
To clear the record , it had nothing to do with anything else but the consumption of the asparagus .
It has taken two days to clear up !
Ugh !
anon101431 August 3 , 2010 Asparagus and sugar smacks get me , too .
But asparagus also makes my back hurt when I eat it .
I gave up Sugar Smacks years ago and do n't remember them making my back hurt .
I had n't had any asparagus for a few months and last night had some , then really paid the price with the back pain and asparagus pee .
Anyone else have have experience ?
anon99743 July 27 , 2010 my urine smells after I eat shiitake mushrooms ( smells like the mushroom ) and also coffee ( smells like cat urine ) .
I drink close to 3 / 4 of a gallon of water a day and with shiitakem it takes me about 24 hours to get the smell out of my system .
With coffee it takes about 4 - 5 hours .
anon93452 July 4 , 2010 Commenter 158 - good lord .
You 're not a doctor .
You do n't know half of what you 're talking about .
Stop scaring people with your misinformation .
Urine has many reasons why it might smell " odd " .
If you have a question about your urine scent , call your doctor .
That simple .
anon92548 June 28 , 2010 I just read through some of these posts , and I have to say thank you for making me laugh so hard - I think I peed my pants .
Oh man , and I had asparagus tonight !
Rats !
anon91725 June 23 , 2010
Mine smells like rubber after eating asparagus .
anon91197 June 20 , 2010 I am relieved .
I thought I had an infection .
Had asparagus , broccoli and carrots stir - fried with garlic last night for dinner .
The smell this morning was frightening .
anon91011 June 19 , 2010 I did n't have the smell before I donated a kidney however now that I have one I noticed the other day I did .
I was really concerned but after I found this link I feel much better !
LOL
anon90941 June 18 , 2010 i ate asparagus and now my pee smell like mangoes .
i kept smelling it when i peed , so i looked it up .
did n't know asparagus had that effect .
it 's very sweet smelling -- just like a fresh mango .
how bizarre .
anon90744 June 17 , 2010 well i just ate some tantalizing grilled asparagus .
as soon as i pee i'm going to swoop down over the bowl for a really good whiff of that distinct odor .
anon89760 June 12 , 2010 Cool .
I usually make asparagus soup with shiitake mushrooms .
Double - fun for me , then .
I too , have the smell , and so does my father , but my mother does n't .
anon89611 June 11 , 2010 what I 'm trying to say is that Shiitake mushrooms would produce a pungent smell as well as asparagus , however it may not have an identical smell .
For others who have not tried them , try them and post your results as I am curious .
anon89559 June 10 , 2010 Someone commented that shiitake mushrooms made their urine smell the same as asparagus does .
This is not the case with me .
I 've eaten shiitakes many times and have never noticed that .
In face I raised them for a while .
anon89289 June 9 , 2010
My wife takes a whole lot of medications , so I honestly thought that she puts some of her tablets in the food that she cooks to avoid swallowing the tablets .
we eat asparagus almost daily .
I was really worried .
That is one hell of a horrible smell .
Yes urine smells but asparagus urine is the worst kind of smell .
anon88565 June 6 , 2010 I too have always experienced this immediately after eating asparagus .
I also remember when I was a child and after eating Sugar Smacks could smell the sugar smacks in my urine .
I quit eating Sugar Smacks because I thought it was n't good for me .
I also get the same experience after drinking coffee and also has anyone ever tried eating Shiitake mushrooms ?
The Shiitake mushrooms would produce the same smell as the asparagus would .
If you guys have never tried Shiitake mushrooms , try it and post it if you have the same results .
After eating these kinds of foods and producing the pungent smell in the urine , I would always laugh about it .
I knew it was connected to those two things I ate .
After reading these posts , I also had a good laugh .
Good to know I 'm not alone .
anon85791 May 21 , 2010
Heh , heh , that 's a lot of funny stuff .
I ate asparagus last night and my pee stunk all day today .
Yes , I 've noticed the odor I get after eating Golden Crisp / Honey Smacks cereal , and coffee has a similar effect .
B-vitamins seem to have an effect as well , and I sweat garlic when I 've had too much .
When I eat a lot of chicken , my natural facial oils take on a certain chicken - broth odor .
It seems you truly are what you eat .
anon85417 May 20 , 2010 I take MAX - a Glutathione ( antioxidant ) supplement - and my pee smells exactly like when I eat Asparagus ( Asparagus has a high percentage of Glutathione ) .
anon84867 May 17 , 2010
So that 's why my whizz has been stinking !
I find a lot of comfort in the fact that it shows my kidneys are pumping away properly .
anon84347 May 15 , 2010 I have both genes and I 'm glad of it .
Funny how nature found a way to test if our kidneys are functioning correctly .
A few beers after your kidney test will flush the system back to odor free .
love that sparrow grass !
anon84336 May 14 , 2010 I love asparagus and have both the genes .
It 's really not that bad , except I live in a city with a large homeless population , hence a lot of public urination and when I walk to work in the morning , I can tell when the homeless shelters have served asparagus the night before .
Eww .
anon83768 May 12 , 2010 Brilliant .
Trust Google to help me with my asparapee .
I also have sugar Smacks pee syndrome .
To think I import them into Canada since they 're usually unavailable here .
Since we 're talking odiferous excretia , anyone know why tomato meat sauce causes such sulphur laden smelling gas ?
Even I am taken aback by the foul odor that I dispense .
anon83727 May 12 , 2010
Thank you everyone .
I have n't laughed so much in years .
I can't even see what I 'm typing as I have tears in my eyes !
Those pesky green devils !
P.S. I have both genes - bittersweet indeed !
anon83530 May 11 , 2010
Yes , I certainly get that smell .
I 'm glad I decided to look this topic up , because it started to concern me at one time .
Now I know I have nothing to be concerned about .
Thanks
anon82831 May 7 , 2010 I think it 's kind of gross to talk about pee .
I have both genes .
anon82771 May 7 , 2010
Sounds like someone is over - educated in this group of voices .
Yes , asparagus can cause a foul odor in urine , just not with everyone .
Mine is extremely foul , as if crossed between burnt tires and rot .
I know this sounds disgusting , but is definitely true .
Not everyone gets this same effect .
Just thought I would speak up .
I deal with folks every day who have slipped between the cracks of the ' too - smart - for - their - own - good ' kind .
anon81823 May 3 , 2010
You know what everybody ?
It is urine , and since when is urine supposed to smell good anyway ?
Is n't that why we flush it ?
My wife of thirty years for the first time mentioned after urinating , " Do you ever have really smelly pee after eating asparagus ? "
We had just had a bunch of steamed asparagus with dinner .
So I urinated and did n't really smell anything , until I bent down and put my head in the toilet bowl and took a big whiff .
Sure it stunk .
It 's urine !
You are what you eat -- or drink .
Do you ever notice after drinking a lot of beer that when urinating into the toilet the water foams up like beer ?
I bet it smells like beer if you put your face in the toilet too .
Same for coffee .
Smells the same going in as coming out for me .
Drink lots of water , everybody .
Hydration is important and may reduce the smell .
My asparagus pee smells like white plastic PVC tubing cut with a hacksaw or bandsaw too .
-- Comment 44
anon81463
May 1 , 2010 one bite is all it takes for the magical smell to occur .
anon81320 16 minutes ago
To many who read more than just the top couple posts , much of the posts here are obviously confused , dehydrated people with or without kidney problems .
Let 's clear a few things up : I eat wild asparagus ( grown on our land ) and the smells that are produced after , can last for several hours , depending on when you last urinated , and how much are drinking .
The average population drinks far less than they should .
As already mentioned here , urine should be border - line clear .
Too clear and it can actually cause damage to your kidneys as you are drinking much too much .
More than a pale yellow , and your body is slightly dehydrated , and even if you do not feel the effects , your kidneys do .
One commenter here noticed that , after reducing soda drinks to water and tea ( decaf or caff ? ) that the strong odor disappeared nearly completely .
That 's because soda is diuretic , meaning it causes your body to try to get rid of water .
This is why after drinking coffee frequently , you 'll notice you 're making a lot more trips to the bathroom .
Unfortunately , while drinking diuretics and your urine appears more clear than before , this is not a good sign .
It means your body is getting rid of water as fast as it's coming in , and your actually causing yourself to become dehydrated .
This is why removing caffeine from your beverages is highly suggested .
Some here have said their urine odor after eating asparagus is nutty , or pungent , or musty , or strong , or ammonia smelling , or smells like asparagus ( cooking I 'm assuming ) .
If your urine smells nutty , it 's not because of asparagus .
Something else in your diet or kidneys is causing the smell .
Ask a doctor .
If it smells fishy , and looks cloudy , you probably have prostate trouble as semen from ejaculating is forced into your bladder instead of out of the penis .
If it smells musty , this may be a sign of UTI ( Urinary Tract Infection ) .
If you are a woman it is especially important that you see a doctor as this could cause sterility if it worsen and is untreated .
Musty smell , only noticed on days you eat asparagus , is normal , and you will find that when you are properly hydrated , and have the extra genes this is the normal smell .
Even though it 's published here that its smell is sulfurous , or " rotten egg " smelling , this is also due to the fact you are partially dehydrated , and in correlation to the amount of asparagus eaten .
To Poster # 150 : the reason your daughters cannot smell asparagus on your urine , but on their own , is most likely that you have either , # 1 urinated too close to eating and the chemicals have not sufficiently built up in the urine stored in the bladder to be detectable , or # 2 , your body does not contain the gene to break down the asparagus into the odorous chemicals .
If you can not smell it on their urine , you do not have the gene to smell it .
Please people , understand : it takes two difference genes to smell and produce .
Obviously if you smell it on your own urine , you have both genes .
If you do not smell it on your own urine , you may have only one gene , or neither .
Poster # 150 , please also note that drinking too much v - 8 can actually poison you from exceedingly high doses of vitamins .
Some v - 8 ( available in my area ) contains either 100 percent or nearly 100 percent of the DV ( daily value ) in one 8 oz cup .
If you enjoy one with every meal and when you get thirsty , you could easily top 500 percent of your DV in one day .
This is detrimental to your system .
For the sake of your kidneys , do not do it .
There is a reason the saying " everything in moderation " is known by all .
It 's because too little or to much can harm you .
some vitamins can actually be fatal if ingested too much !
For everyone else , please see your family doctor , or contact your local hospital and ask to speak to a nurse about symptoms .
It 's free and can be confidential !
anon81219 12 hours ago I have the asparagus pee stench also and noticed that the stench is stronger when I eat fresh asparagus verses the canned version .
It is also getting stronger as I 'm getting older !
anon78478 April 18 , 2010
The comments on here have me in tears from laughing !
Thanks to you all for sharing your asparagus pee experiences and humor .
anon77756 April 15 , 2010
What about onions ?
While I get the " asparagus pee " , I 've been noticing " onion smelling sweat " .
I swear my armpits smell like a double burger with onions .
Could this be caused by the asparagus ?
I have n't eaten too many garlic / onion things lately and I drink a ton of water every day .
Thanks .
anon76726 April 11 , 2010 I can't believe that until age 60 I had no idea about asparagus pee !
It is really strong once you start looking ( smelling ) for it !
I can also smell the odor from my husband 's pee as well ( I know , TMI ) , but apparently he can't .
That seems so strange , as he has a much better sniffer than I do !
anon76556 April 10 , 2010 both my wife and I get the smelly urine .
It actually smells like asparagus when it comes out .
Kind of funny .
anon76060 April 8 , 2010 I love asparagus .
Never noticed an odor after eating it though .
However , both my daughters complain that they have the odor each and every time .
I only drink water and V8 , no other drinks -- well maybe the occasional green tea in the morning -- and have even asked my daughters if they could detect the odor in my urine .
They can not so i continue to eat it .
I always wondered why , though .
So many different answers , I guess I still really do n't know .
anon75546 April 7 , 2010 I love that everyone gets their spouse , children and neighbours to smell their urine after consuming those devilish greens !
Sharing is caring , after all .
anon75254 April 6 , 2010 Wow .
Knowing that my urine can smell really , really bad after eating asparagus is fantastic news !
It will come in great next time I want to really " Piss someone off . "
anon74906 April 4 , 2010 I can appreciate the entire pros and cons for eating asparagus but it is my opinion that if you have a sensitivity to the enzymes in or created by digestion of asparagus then you might in fact have an issue .
For me , the only thing of a negative nature about asparagus is the urine smell .
Otherwise it reminds me of grams house and I love it .
anon74896 April 4 , 2010 I thought this was something that everyone experiences until I asked my brunch hosts this afternoon how quickly it happens to them after eating asparagus .
They had never heard of this , so I decided I needed to explore the topic !
Thank you for the information !
anon74507 April 2 , 2010 Re # 137 : I totally agree with you .
Along with most of the others .
anon74398 April 1 , 2010
Has anyone considered if there is a correlation between the ability to smell asparagus urine and the skin disorder Tinea ( sp ? )
I was told that tinea is also caused from certain enzymes in the body .
I can smell asp . urine and also have tinea .
anon73562 March 28 , 2010 I have smelled my skunk pee after asparagus .
Nothing unusual there , but ever since I had a terrible bout with kidney stones about 10 years ago , I can not eat asparagus because it makes my kidneys bad and bleed .
Makes me think that whatever is in asparagus is not so good for you .
anon73540 March 28 , 2010 I have noticed that since I have been eating asparagus and have experienced the strong urine smell afterwards that the earth 's temperatures have been rising !
We need to fund another study that posts a freshman in the restroom with a thermostat as a neutral observer .
anon73433 March 27 , 2010 I came to the internet because of a " nutty " smell to my urine last night ( as another commenter called it ) .
Being a nurse it immediately smelled like diabetic urine to me .
I could only think that the only thing I had eaten that day , that was different , was the asparagus .
I 'm glad to find out that asparagus is the cause of the funky urine smell .
anon70501 March 14 , 2010 I have a highly developed sense of smell - which can be pretty annoying !
Have aspara - wee and get fish wee too which is really off - putting .
I had one tiny mouthful of my husband 's cod at lunchtime yesterday ( which I love ) but now wish I had n't !
Adore asparagus - and thought I was weird til I spotted the relation .
Also rather worrying is eating beetroot and passing red coloured wee or poohs !
Ohhh !
anon69930 March 10 , 2010
Am I the only one who thinks that the strong odor actually smells like asparagus ?
I never questioned where the smell was coming from because I immediately recognized the asparagus relationship .
anon68713 March 3 , 2010 I have known for years I was different as no one else talked about their smelly urine .
Most of my family do not have the genes but I thought the smell was not that bad .
I wonder if it helps your body rid itself of bad stuff .
anon68344 March 2 , 2010 Very interesting .
I am a 67 year old male and I have always had a strong urine odor for awhile after eating asparagus .
However , three weeks ago I stopped drinking pop and started drinking carbonated ice tea or water .
Since then , ( on three separate days ) I have had three large portions ( 1/2 pound plus each ) of asparagus and have experienced no urine odor whatsoever .
I assume that it is the water ?
Thanks for listening .
HBT
anon68300 March 1 , 2010 Looks like it's a normal thing .
I thought I was getting ill .
anon67381 February 24 , 2010 I am 77 and have noticed the asparagus urine smell since I was a teen , but thought everyone experienced it .
Mine has not been unpleasant , just pungent and distinctive .
Recently , though , my urine began have a very similar smell daily even though I did n't eat asparagus daily .
I was happy to see the reference to alpha-lipoic acid , since that is a supplement I have been taking .
I think I 'll lay off it awhile and see if I notice a cessation .
anon67295 February 24 , 2010
One reason why you have a strong odor is because you are not hydrated and you are urinating a highly concentrated dose of ' asparagus urine ' .
If you urine is the color of the Cheerios bee or Post - It note and not boardline clear , drink more water each day ; especially if you 're eating asparagus and you wo n't have such a strong pungent odor .
anon67252 February 23 , 2010 I disagree with those saying all people create the odor , but some people cannot smell it .
I have always created a strange urine scent after eating asparagus and I can clearly detect it .
However , having shared the urinal trough with others that have eaten it and not being able to detect it their bodies must have processed it differently .
anon66825 February 21 , 2010 I went to the web to find out why my urine smelled like ripping paper tape .
I 'm OK now .
thanks so much .
no more asparagus .
anon66733 February 21 , 2010 I not only get the asparagus after urine , but also after eating fish .
I know it is not uncleanliness .
I was glad to see no 94 addressed this issue .
anon66208 February 18 , 2010 I have noticed this every time I eat this vegetable .
I thought is was normal until I realized that not all of my family had the same outcome .
After having asparagus for dinner last evening are being reminded a couple of hours later , sniff , sniff , I decided to look it up here .
Great to know that I am not alone and not ill .
Also good to know my kidneys work well .
anon66151 February 17 , 2010
To the person that mentioned Sugar Smacks .
Yes whenever I eat Honey Smacks or any brand of puffed wheat cereal my urine smells like puffed wheat cereal .
I also produce a strong asparagus urine .
I think the puffed wheat urine is worse , just because it smells like I peed pure puffed wheat .
anon66125 February 17 , 2010 Post 114 : you are not alone on the sugar smack pee .
My sister and I have joked about it for years .
We 've always wondered if others in the bathroom could tell we had eaten Sugar Smacks for breakfast .
anon65990 February 17 , 2010 Thanks
God there 's nothing wrong with me .
Five hours ago I ate asparagus for dinner .
I just peed 15 minutes ago and my pee had a very strong smell .
I was a bit worried .
anon65529 February 14 , 2010
Our son also has the gene like me .
Glad to know what and how asparagus affects some people .
Very interesting comments .
anon64893 February 10 , 2010
Thanks for posting all these comments .
I had asparagus last night for dinner and wow !
Went to the restroom a few minutes ago , 2 a .m. here , and got so worried about the odor that I ran in here to the computer to look up what caused it .
Now I know and I 'm going back to sleep , no longer worried that I have some awful disease .
anon62878 January 29 , 2010 Hm .
Well , I 've noticed the skunk pee every time I 've eaten asparagus .
Since my first time to even try asparagus was a year ago ( I'm 29 ) , I figured right away that it had the reason for the skunk pee , because I have been eating everything else served up all my life , and none of them had caused it .
And interesting that everyone describes a different smell : I 've read " wine " , " grape juice " , " burning rubber " , " primeval swamp . "
Mine smells straight up like roadkill skunk that 's been sitting out for a few hours on a miserably hot July afternoon .
I 've noticed this with many sulphurous foods .
Avoid me like the plague if I 've eaten broccoli , cabbage , or cauliflower , because not only do I have skunk pee , but they all give me the raunchiest farts known to man !
anon62098 January 24 , 2010 I finally got the answer too .
anon59454 January 8 , 2010 I was getting really worried because last night was the first time I 've ever eaten asparagus ( which is sad because I 'm almost 19 ) .
Then I remembered a line from Elf .
" Picture this : a group of asparagus , but they 're subconscious * about the way their pee smells . "
Thanks Elf for teaching kids about the magic of Christmas * and * that asparagus makes your pee smell funny ! [ : I do n't think subconscious is the word I 'm looking for .
anon58975 January 5 , 2010
This has been happening to everyone in my family for as long as we can remember , and I always wondered .
It 's good to know that it is n't harmful , and if it has something to do with genetics , then it makes sense that my relatives would experience the same thing .
It does n't smell that bad , though , just really strong and strange .
anon58440 January 1 , 2010 I was getting the smell today throughout the whole day , finally i searched it and voila !
yes , i did in fact eat asparagus !
anon58092 December 30 , 2009
Thank goodness !
I could smell the funky pee and had to get on the net to see what could be causing it .
Seems like everyone who 's posted had a similar experience .
Glad to know it 's a common , natural thing .
anon56951 December 18 , 2009
Thanks for this .
Ate asparagus with dinner last night .
Smelly pee ensued .
Then continued through this afternoon and I became concerned and turned to the source of all knowledge -- the internet .
Glad to read this , but I 've eaten asparagus countless times before and never have I noticed this smell .
My boyfriend has noticed he has smelly pee as well today .
:D
Wonder why it only happens sometimes ?
The case seems the same for most of the other folks who commented here .
anon56444 December 15 , 2009
Does anyone have funny smelling pee from eating sugar smacks ?
Asparagus and sugar smacks both effect the smell of my urine .
anon56074 December 11 , 2009
This is mistaken : we all make the odorous compound , but only 40 percent - ish can smell it .
This has been proven several times in robust scientific tests .
anon54645 December 1 , 2009
To the person with the Factor V mutation ( # 71 ) .
Asparagus has about 460 - 520 mcg per serving ( Leafy greens have the most - up to about 9000 mcg ) .
Anyway , increased vitamin K intake decreases the effectiveness of warfarin .
Warfarin targets the coagulation factors .
Aspirin affects the platelets , specifically cyclooxygenase .
So , I would think that decreasing vitamin K consumption would help in people at high risk for thrombosis , but it does n't affect aspirin at all -- only warfarin .
anon53931 November 25 , 2009
Thank goodness .
I was getting a little worried about that .
anon53046 November 18 , 2009 I do n't find it offensive .
Pungent , though .
Sort of smell one might expect from a primeval swamp .
I figure asparagus must be good for you if it makes your pee smell funny !
LOL .
anon52921 November 17 , 2009 that is so weird that chemicals make pee smell weird .
anon52535 November 15 , 2009 well , thank goodness .
Was wondering what was going on -- skunk pee .
anon52431 November 14 , 2009
It does n't smell bad to me at all .
it 's not foul , it 's just a very strong chemical - like smell .
It smells like something your body should n't be emitting at all , lol - but thankfully I found out a while ago about this phenom , and did n't worry long .
anon51947 November 10 , 2009 I love that smell I eat them every day .
I think I am sick .
But Asparagus is great .
anon51865 November 9 , 2009
If you do smell it , you should be tested for the Mthfr gene as there is some co-relation , and if that is the case methylated b-vitamins are needed to supply the need .
ano n51132 November 3 , 2009
So , following the comment on espresso / cappuccino effect on urine , I have noticed that coffee drunk early in the a .m. or sometimes on an empty stomach makes the pee smell like tuna fish .
I have had others corroborate this .
Wonder what the story is there ?
anon49375 October 20 , 2009 Confirmed .
About half an hour after consumption , the last few nights when I 've eaten a dozen stalks , it 's same thing every time .
Detox must be working and my kidneys must be more functional than I gave them credit for !
Hooray for asparagus .
I 'm going back for more !
anon48003 October 8 , 2009 I also had to look up this interesting thing .
My pee kind of smelled " nutty " and I got worried , because I am slightly diabetic , so it worried me , but I did have some asparagus for dinner last night and that evening is when I noticed it .
Thank you God .
I feel better now .
anon47398 October 4 , 2009 I was bugging out !
i ate a box of asparagus with my daughter , i thought something freaky happened .
Because not only did my urine smell , hers did as well .
I 'm glad i read this .
anon47370 October 4 , 2009 I am certainly glad that I ran across this site re : asparagus and urine smell .
I have noticed this for years but never heard anyone else mention it .
It is a relief to know that it is quite common .
I apparently have both genes .
But the odor although strong is not terribly offensive .
However the real benefit seems to be that it also has some medicinal effect .
I have an enlarged prostate and for various reasons have difficulty urinating as well as it is painful .
However eating asparagus regularly relieves the both the difficulty and the pain .
Does anyone else notice anything like this .
I am certain that it is not just " in my head " type of thing .
anon44852 September 11 , 2009
Thank goodness !
I was confused as to what would have been causing this unusual pee smell .
At first I thought it was the salad dressing I was pouring on my asparagus .
I kept asking my husband if he had the same pee smell but he can't even smell anything .
Now , I feel special because not only do I have the genes to break it down , I also have the ' correct ' genes to smell it .
anon42144 August 19 , 2009 I have always noticed my asparagus pee and never really minded .
Then had a bad case of the flu which really affected my sinuses and I lost some of my ability to smell , including detecting asparagus .
After about a year my nose finally recovered and I can once again detect asparagus pee .
I always felt reassured from it that my kidneys were working well .
anon40363 August 7 , 2009 I have thoroughly enjoyed the discussion here .
Now , I wish everyone would comment on fishy smelling urine after eating fish or seafood .
I know I 'm not the only one .
I do n't have a yeast infection and it 's really not very funny !
I am a beach bunny who loves seafood , but OMG !
that odor on the day after !
It lasts for 1 - 3 days depending on the amount of fish consumed .
I also take Omega 3 supplement that produces a mild smell a couple of hours later .
I do n't have body odor , bad breath and considered by most to be extremely healthy .
Any ideas ?
anon39055 July 30 , 2009
This little section of information was very helpful for me .
The other night I had 4 stalks of asparagus with my dinner and maybe an hour or two later when I went to the bathroom , my urine had a definite odor .
I thought " okay , this is really weird ... " because I eat asparagus quite often and it has never caused my urine to smell prior to this incident .
So , naturally I thought I 'd Google the issue and this information was exactly what I needed to see .
Thanks !
It 's very interesting that only some people have the gene to break down the asparagus into its " smelly components " or the gene that allows their noses to detect the odor in urine afterwards .
I , quite amusingly ( to myself anyhow ) , quite clearly possess both genes LOL .
Yes , very interesting topic indeed !
anon38953 July 29 , 2009 Spinach , specifically fresh , seems to have a similar effect .
Maybe these heavy greens have something in common .
anon38064 July 23 , 2009 so according to this article I am some sort of XMEN genetic freak .
I can not only produce this super pee , but smell it miles away .
I will use this newly found super hero ability in NYC 's finest subway and bus stops .
anon37049 July 16 , 2009
I have always had the stinky pee , though I thought it smelled a bit more like steamed broccoli gone awry , it was n't sulphuric .
anyway , I find it very interesting that there are those who can and cannot smell it or produce it .
Are there people who can smell the rank piss but cannot produce it and vice versa ?
That could lead to some good humor in the restroom .
anon36650 July 13 , 2009 Praise God and glory !!!
I thought something was horribly wrong with me !
I love love love asparagus and never noticed my urine smelled different before .
Last night , on the otherhand , after eating fresh asparagus for dinner , I nearly freaked when the pungent odor wafted up from the toilet .
Never in my life had I smelled something so horrid !
Sulfur is the most comparable scent I can think of to describe it .
And having never heard of the asparagus related issue , I immediately started to worry .
Thank you , wisegeek , for this very informative and entertaining post !
It sure helped ease my mind !
anon35543 July 6 , 2009 ano n2326 -- there is a link between the asparagus pee and the espresso pee ... they both have the diuretic effect ... therefore they are both highly broken down in the kidneys
anon35142 July 2 , 2009 Hello , having a mixed family of asparage 'ers it would appear the the ability to smell is the dominant gene , not the ability to process asparagiel content .
Either way its a hit or miss whether your post aparagus pee smells or not !
anon34546 June 24 , 2009 BTW - if you drink the pee , it delays dementia .
Pubmed it if you care .
anon34401 June 22 , 2009 * Everyone * makes stinky urine after eating asparagus - only a few can detect the odor .
anon33986 June 15 , 2009
I 've had a pint of asparagus soup one day and I almost passed out in the toilet .
anon33497 June 7 , 2009
Thank you for educating me on the smell of pee after eating asparagus .
I honestly believed that my kidneys were going to fail .
I feel better now .
anon32770 May 26 , 2009
With fresh asparagus in season , we have eaten a lot .
My 5 year old * loves * it and had about 10 stalks tonight .
When he used the bathroom before his bath , he said " ooooohhhh Mommy something stinks in here ! "
I laughed because I knew he had smelly urine from the asparagus .
( me too ) .
Glad to hear it is soo common .
I thought we were the only ones and did n't really want to ask .
msb May 17 , 2009
I feel special , I have both genes ... lol .
I thought it happened to everyone .
wingecarves May 15 , 2009
In the Mike Myers movie , Austin Powers International Man Of Mystery , Austin Powers is urinating while pretending to be a fountain , while doing this he goes undetected until he eats some asparagus .
After eating the asparagus the other guy in the room starts crinkling his nose as if to smell something offensive .
anon31826 May 12 , 2009 I , too , have both genes .
I remember my mother telling me that asparagus would do this when I was a teen , but at that time I did n't eat asparagus because I thought it looked slimy and gross .
As an adult , my tastes had changed , and I ate a whole bunch of it .
The next time I went to the bathroom - forgetting what mom had told me - I thought something was seriously wrong with me and was relieved when I was reminded of what I 'd forgotten .
I have also noticed , fresh asparagus produces a stronger odor than the frozen asparagus .
anon31747 May 11 , 2009 Indeed , even Ben Franklin was intrigued with how asparagus made his pee smell .
Here is a quote from his writings : " ......... Certain it is also that we have the Power of changing by slight Means the Smell of another Discharge , that of our Water .
A few Stems of Asparagus eaten , shall give our Urine a disagreeable Odor ; and a Pill of Turpentine no bigger than a Pea , shall bestow on it the pleasing Smell of Violets ...... "
Do a search for urine , asparagus , and Ben Franklin and you will find he did some interesting writing about bodily functions .
anon31449 May 5 , 2009
Must read !
Alas you may hate the smell , please note that the asparagus is fighting infections and removing harmful salts and wastes in your digestive track / kidneys .
This may have something to do with the odor some experience after ingesting asparagus .
Optional story to read :
My dad after being catheterized got a urinary tract infection , so we made him have some asparagus ( steamed ) and he feels so relieved & it's a great help .
Please eat some asparagus you 'll feel so detoxified after !
anon31283 May 2 , 2009
Both my husband and I , and our two children produce what we have always called " aspara - pee " .
My 7th grader who is studying genetics informs us that it is a dominant gene in our family .
We all seem to be super sensitive to asparagus , because if there are just two small pieces in a dish , we still get aspara - pee !
But we do love asparagus !
anon31035 April 28 , 2009
I too have the smelly asparagus pee , but in my research I 've found my urine less smelly after eating Trader Joe 's frozen asparagus spears vs the more aromatic fresh vegetable .
My smell is more earthy , like wet dirt .
I do n't mind it so much but I feel bad for the woman who uses the stall right after me , but hot darn it I loves me some asparagus !
anon30215 April 15 , 2009
There is a book by Gabriel Garcia Marquez called " Love In the Time of Cholera " wherein one of the secondary characters , a doctor by the way , eats asparagus daily for the very purpose of producing fragrant urine .
If I had n't read that book years ago I would indeed have been worried .
anon30174 April 14 , 2009
I 'm curious if there was any correlation between the people who produce the odor and the people who can smell it .
I guess if you can't smell it , you would n't know you have the " condition " !
johnstonae 9 hours ago I wonder if this gene that allows us to break asparagus down into its smelly compartments is linked in any way to the gene I inherited that causes my blood to clot ?
The blood disorder is called Factor V Leiden , and I had a TIA when I turned 30 due to being on the Pill and having this disorder ( unbeknownst until the TIA ) .
Now , I take a regular aspirin daily to keep my blood thin , and wonder if I should even be eating asparagus due to the high amount of Vitamin K ?
anon28934 March 24 , 2009
I would like to note that I am currently in Catalonia enjoying one of the best wild asparagus harvests of recent times .
Checked this page because getting the pee smell good and strong in close proximity to the several doses of asparagus cooked in various local styles we have enjoyed over the last few days .
I can positively guarantee my friends land that this asparagus came off has not been fertilized in living memory if ever , in conclusion fertilized or not the effect is the same - or even I suspect greater for the wild and therefore unfertilised variety .
donthecousin March 13 , 2009 bookworm says : " these fertilizers were used for other vegetable too , so why does only asparagus have this unique characteristic ? "
Your question answers itself :
It 's the asparagus , not the fertilizers .
I imagine there were no recorded comments about the smell before the 1800's because there was no internet then . :-)
Seriously , I thought there was something seriously wrong with me until I did a simple search here .
Apparently I have the gene for producing the smell , and the gene for smelling it too .
Lucky .
bookworm , one more thing , your idea that maybe it is the fertilizers can be easily checked .
Grow organic asparagus , feed it to alleged odor - producers , smell the results .
anon27742 March 4 , 2009 we have a family of five and all have the post - asparagus consumption funny smelling pee syndrome .
we all think it smells like burning rubber .
i am amazed how quickly it happens , it ate asparagus 40 minutes ago and when i peed it was there loud and clear .
smells like a tire retread factory to me .
is asparagus possibly a natural diuretic ....
anon26513 February 14 , 2009
Sitting reading this with my good wife , both of us experience smelly pee , and always blamed asparagus but never were sure .
Having a laugh now , this post is very true .
Good to know that it is a good sign .
Great article .
Paul & Sheena
geekfest3000 January 15 , 2009
A friend and I recently had lunch at a posh restaurant in downtown Atlanta .
I ordered grilled salmon with asparagus .
About 4 to 5 hours later ( by this time I was off of work ) I noticed a foul odor while urinating .
Later that evening my husband and I took my daughter to see a play and needless to say we both had to use the bathroom .
I kept smelling this sulfuric acid smell and thought it was because I was taking probiotics .
I also take flax seed oil and a multivitamin .
I 'm also experiencing signs of a yeast infection and believe that to be a side effect of the probiotics .
It 's very interesting to read all of the comments regarding asparagus causing the odiferous smelling urine - I never knew the chemical compounds contained in this wonderfully tasting green vegetable could be causing such an uproar ( smile ) - but to be on the safe side , I will have my primary care physician or gyn do a thorough urinalysis - my health is everything and I 'd rather be safe than regretfully sorry in the end ... the comments on this blog are great !! :)
alphacat63 January 6 , 2009
For those of you subject to random ( urine ) drug testing - think of this as a great way to mess with people .
While I was still in the National Guard , we were subject to random drug testing .
Each night before and during drill , I would eat as much asparagus as I possibly could .
My apologies to the poor chump who had to open those bottles at the lab !
anon23867 January 4 , 2009 I had fresh asparagus last night , and got the smelly pee .
I do n't remember this happening before , but maybe the out of season asparagus imported here is different from the local in - season variety ?
The odor was quite strong , but did not really smell sulferous , rubbery or skunky to me .
It smelled like stale pee that had been in a unflushed toilet for a few days .
bookworm January 3 , 2009
One interesting fact I came across regarding the odor in asparagus is that historical references to the smell date only to the time when fertilizers containing sulfur started to be used in agriculture , which was sometimes in the 18th century .
Even though references to asparagus date as far back as a few millennia , no references to the odor can be found .
That still leaves one question though , these fertilizers were used for other vegetable too , so why does only asparagus have this unique characteristic ?
anon23080 December 16 , 2008
Funny that some say it makes their smelly pee smell good .
Mine smells like death .
Anyone who has ever smelt a dead cancerous body knows that awful smell - it 's terrible .
And I 've added more vegetables to my diet and was thinking this strange stinky smell was the asparagus , and alas it was .
I thought something was rotting inside me !
anon22794 December 10 , 2008
Neither methyl mercaptan , thiol esters nor asparagusic acid are amino acids .
To be an amino acid a compound must contain both an amine group " - NH2 " AND a carboxylic acid group " - COOH " .
Methyl mercaptan is another name for methanethiol , which is similar to methanol but with a sulphur atom in place of the oxygen atom , it contains the thiol group " - SH " ( formula : CH3SH ) .
Thiol esters are made from the reaction between a thiol and a carboxylic acid - no amine group present .
Finally , asparagusic acid has a pentagon shaped structure with 2 sulphur atoms in the bottom 2 corners of the pentagon and 3 carbon atoms in the other corners , and a carboxylic acid group ( - COOH ) attached to the central carbon ( sticking up from the pentagon shape ) .
Again , no amine group .
The enzymes involved in digesting the asparagus to produce the smelly chemicals are made from proteins , the building blocks of which are amino acids .
cherylloves November 19 , 2008 I had sauerkraut about 4 days and I had asparagus about an hour ago .
I just noticed my vaginal secretions ( after sex , poor husband ) smelled exactly like sauerkraut , and my pee smelled really strong .
Im in a gross way .
Im glad I found this site , or I would be going crazy .
rosey November 7 , 2008
Thanks to the person who reported urine smelling of asparagus after taking alpha-lipoic acid supplements .
I seriously thought my kidneys were playing up as I had not eaten any asparagus and yet there was that smell !
I have written to the manufacturers of this product , in my case , Bioceuticals Lipoec 200 , to ask them to include on the label " Do not be alarmed if urine smells of asparagus when taking this supplement , this is normal and nothing to worry about " .
I hope they take this seriously .
I would never have tweaked except for this website - thanks a lot !
Herbo November 5 , 2008
Some years ago I attended an auction whereby the house contents were to be auctioned first , followed by the house itself .
As we were moving from one room to another , the auctioneer said that anyone caught stealing anything that was up for auction would be placed in the village stocks at the height of the asparagus season .
I immediately burst out laughing while other people gave the auctioneer and I some rather funny looks .
It was priceless !
Think about it .
Ugh !
anon20458 11 hours ago
There once was a man from Algiers Who ingested asparagus spears .
Soon his urine did reek
So he rushed to wisegeek .
Where discussion allayed all his fears .
anon20122 October 26 , 2008
Well , this is very interesting .
I had asparagus for lunch today and not long later went to the toilet before going for a walk .
I thought ' ewww the toilet needs cleaning ' and wondered whether the pipes were playing up again .
On the walk I mentioned what I had eaten for lunch to my friend who asked me if it made my pee smell .
I replied " no " .
Anyway , I have just been to the toilet again and sure enough there was that smell again .
Now the toilet did n't smell when I went in so it has to be me !
Guess I do get asparagus wee .
I find this all very interesting , can't wait to ask hubby if he gets it , hehe .
anon19966 October 22 , 2008
I find that alpha-lipoic acid makes my urine smell the same way asparagus makes my urine smell .
My guess is is that asparagus and ala both have Glutathione and maybe that is what makes the pee smell .
anon19829 October 20 , 2008 Very interesting blog ' I also searched for smelly urine to find this blog .
I have a quite different twist on this one ; my urine smells just like asparagus when it is cooking .
I have had this happen every time I eat the stuff ; I was thinking that I was a little strange ; well I guess my condition is different .
It makes me laugh every time that I urinate after eating it , it smells like dinner is served all over again .... Ha ha ...
anon18614 September 26 , 2008
Wow I 'm really happy that it was nothing bad .
I happened to start smelling the foul pee last week and finally got around to looking it up only to discover that asparagus can cause a foul smell in urine .
When I read that a light went on in my head .
Last week I started eating asparagus at least twice a day at meals .
Well I 'm glade that not everyone can smell it .
YAY !
weasel September 12 , 2008 I have been a huge fan of asparagus since a child .
We grew it in our garden .
I am almost 50 and recently I ate some for the first time in quite a while .
That evening I noticed the rotten smell when urinating .
I also noticed a different ' effect ' later that evening .
Seems it also works well for me as an E.D. product .
I have tried many E.D. products , all with little or no success but always with headaches the day after .
I have discovered that asparagus works better with no other side effects other than the urinary smell .
I have tested this theory several times to make sure the asparagus was the culprit .
It seems to be and boy am I happy about that .
That was what I was trying to look up when I came across this .
Has anyone else experienced this effect ?
anon14514 June 18 , 2008
This has been a topic of discussion in my house over the last year .
I produce the smell and can detect it .
It does n't smell like rubber to me .
If you 've ever cut PVC tubing with a hacksaw , however , it is exactly the same smell .
My wife had no idea what I was talking about when I mentioned it to her , so she either can't smell it or does n't produce it , or both .
Poster anon 12712 asks : " Also I 'm a woman does that make a difference ? "
Yes .
You can bear children .
anon14116 June 10 , 2008
Does anyone else notice a similar smell after eating sauerkraut ?
We had reuben sandwiches last night -- and soon after , smelly pee .
anon14091 June 10 , 2008
Glad to know what the answer finally is !!!!
I 've been wondering about this for years !
My pee smells like the goldfish bowl water I used to change every other day when I was a child and had a goldfish for a pet .
lol
anon13161 May 20 , 2008
This byproduct is nearly a miracle .
I learned that adding some of the smell to my exterior latex paint is a good way to repel boll weevils and australian fire ants from my cottage .
Remember that next time you paint your siding .
But then again , living this far north I might never encounter those pests .
And I hear it works best on pastel colours .
However , marking your property lines does keep the wild animals away , but might be dangerous in mating season .
anon13095 May 19 , 2008 I love the smell !
Every May I look forward to fresh , local asparagus .
I 'll eat the stuff for 5 days straight and go on a peeing spree .
I 'll mark my own property lines and if the occasion allows , I 'll get some of the neighbor 's too .
Totally throws off their spaniels .
It 's day 4 of the 1st May harvest and I have concocted a nutty aroma that is not unlike a can of salted pecans .
These are the moments worth living for !
anon13009 May 17 , 2008 good to know that am normal , and that it 's something quite common :)
steph007 May 17 , 2008
I also feel different smell of my urine after eating asparagus , but that smell is not disgusting or displeasing at all , that is even pleasurable like some exotic ointment extracted e.g. from rose or else .
anon12884 May 15 , 2008
I have only recently become a fan of asparagus , and I too produce the ' rubber ' smell , as does my partner - I can smell it but he can't !!
A lady at work told me about it and I had to test it out !!
ha ha !
anon12747 May 13 , 2008
I like asparagus raw sometimes ... and I smell like something sweet like a yeast / wine sort of smell .
It 's not offensive just strange .
I keep thinking there 's something wrong with me ?
anon12712 May 12 , 2008 Well ... I feel weird .
I love asparagus and sometimes I eat it raw .
I just recently ( in the last month ) noticed a different smell from my urine .
But it smells kind of sweet .
Like wine or sweet / yeasty smell .
Is there something wrong with me ?
It definitely does n't smell offensive just weird .
Also I 'm a woman does that make a difference ?
anon12352 May 4 , 2008
The human sense of smell is dependent on many genes I think ... and none of them are necessarily connected to genes that affect specific enzymes in the digestive tract or later stages of metabolism .
There are people who can't smell specific chemicals but yet produce them in their metabolism , which other people may find repulsive .
IE , while others may not be bothered by garlic breath at all , even if they do n't eat garlic themselves , there apparently are people who will not develop garlic breath even if they eat a lot of it .
BTW this is also due to a sulfuric compound ... perhaps related somehow ?
Some metabolites form in the digestive tract but are n't absorbed in the gut .
They can be sensed in the feces but not urine , breath , or skin secretions .
Gut - absorbed metabolites that are readily in a form where the body will secrete them , can be detected in urine , breath , and / or skin secretions , but less in the feces .
If the digestive metabolites are absorbed but not readily secreted , they may accumulate into the body ( mainly liver ) or they are further metabolized to other substances that may be secreted through one or other path .
If the asparagus P smell is n't found in other secretions than urine , it is , by this rough categorization , either formed in the blood stream or absorbed entirely in the gut ( not found in feces ) , and further it is best secreted by the kidneys , while some bloodstream metabolites mostly end up in the feces , and some are almost exclusive to sweat or breath .
anon12126 5 hours ago Yeah , I 'm not the only one !!!
anon11763 April 22 , 2008
I too was very concerned when I started smelling my urine a few weeks ago when my Wife cooked asparagus for the first time in 15 years of marriage .
Funny thing was the next morning at work I got some very odd looks and my urinal neighbor leaned as far away from me as possible .
I 'm guessing he has the smell gene for sure .
skunkpee April 20 , 2008 I 've had the same awful smelling pee !!!!
for years .
Now that I know what causes it and that I 'm a special person .
I 'm not afraid to eat it anymore .
I could n't for years figure out why my pee smelled .
I 've even asked my doctor about what could cause my pee to smell .
They would look at my like I was Nuts !
I love asparagus , I will still eat it , even though I know what to expect in less then an hour later .
It only lasts about 15 hrs with me .
I just make sure I drink plenty of water while I 'm eating it and then well after I 'm done with my meal so it will go out of system faster .
But I would never pee in the shower after eating the asparagus !
Yuk !
It 's bad enough to have to endure the smell while on the toilet .
I try to flush also while I 'm peeing , it seems to help , with having to endure the smell while I pee .
I will have to check into the skin burning feel when I pee next time after eating asparagus .
I 'm just glad to know I have healthy Kidneys .
anon11274 April 12 , 2008
I often eat asparagus , and always have the sulphur smelling wee wee just half hour after .
I actually do n't dislike it !
Having read this , and now knowing it proves healthy kidneys , I will like it even more !
I am Type 1 diabetic btw , so even cooler knowing my kidneys are in full working order after 21 years of having the condition !
Kidney problems are common with diabetes .
I have just prepared a cashew nut risotto for tonight 's dinner , and plenty of fresh asparagus added !!!
Yummy !
Glad to know it 's all normal .
Thanks !
anon11175 April 9 , 2008
I figured out years ago , it probably was a digestive reaction .
I was surprised that not everyone experiences it .
I 'm glad I 'm not the only one who experiences the asparagus / pee phenomenon .
For me , the smell reminds me of grape juice .
anon11023 April 7 , 2008
I am just glad it 's not something serious !
anon10153 March 20 , 2008
My husband always says that his urine smells after eating asparagus , but I have never noticed an odor .
Tonight we had asparagus and I had him smell my pee , and he could smell the odor , so I make the smell but I can not smell it !
I suppose I just have one of the two genes . :)
anon9245 March 2 , 2008
There 's a Tom Robbins novel , I believe it 's " Half asleep in Frog Pajamas " where the protagonist suffers the indignation of asparagus pee .
That 's when I began to wonder why ....
anon8480 February 14 , 2008
My first experience was after eating about 20 stalks !!!
I stir fried them and they were delicious .
Anyway I ate late that night , and the next morning I decided to take a shower .
Well the hot water relaxed me so I urinated in the shower and OMG !!!!
The smell was unlike anything I 've ever smelled .
It is probably the strongest odor I have ever smelled in my life !
Not the most offensive , but definitely the strongest !
I thought there was something seriously wrong with me , but then I did a little research and found that it was nothing to be concerned about .
It still is the strongest most overpowering thing I have ever smelled though .
anon8340 February 11 , 2008 the last three evenings my last pee of the day smelled horrid .
so i googled and now discovered it was the asparagus i've eaten the past three days .
this is the first time i've ever noticed this and i've eaten the asparagus in the past .
i'm very relieved this is nothing serious as it sure smelled nasty .
anon8090 February 7 , 2008
There 's a visual gag in one of the Austin Powers films based on the eating asparagus / smelly pee thing , but I guess only 40 - 50 % of people will get the joke !
anon7555 January 29 , 2008 I used to have it every time .
Last night , I noticed it was missing when my husband commented on his .
Does that mean my kidneys are malfunctioning , or could it be the result of gall bladder surgery several months ago ?
anon7295 January 23 , 2008 yep , smells like old rubber tires to me too , the fresh picked asparagus .
The canned asparagus looses about everything , the brand I had anyway - the main effects , flavor and the pee - you side effect , but the stuff is definitely low on the calorie count !
MsTick1 January 3 , 2008
To the Anonymous responder who signed off as " Endlessly curious ...... " :
A few months ago , I was half - listening to the TV when words penetrated my consciousness : a vague reference to the cause of the asparagus urine smell .
I 'd long been curious about the phenomenon .
" What did they say caused it ? " I asked my daughter , who gave me a quizzical look that indicated she did n't understand the reference .
Apparently , though I do have the gene , she does not .
Perhaps her father also has n't the gene .
I did not , however , supply my daughter ( or anyone else , for that matter ) with a sample .
And I 'm thinking that friend must be a really good friend .
anon6505 6 hours ago
The gene giving you the ability to produce and smell the smelly pee are dominant .
It is a basic principle of genetics that traits that are caused by a functioning protein , which in this case are an enzyme and chemoreceptor found in the nose , are dominant traits .
You only need one of two functional genes for either trait .
irishlaide December 28 , 2007
I 've always loved that distinct smell ... but not to the point that I collected it in a jar and asked my neighbors to take a sniff ...
I bet you got an odd look for that one .
anon6102 December 16 , 2007
Is the gene giving you the ability to produce and smell the smelly pee a dominant or recessive gene ?
ano n5822 December 6 , 2007
Thank you for this very helpful explanation of the asparagus / urine phenomenon .
I thought something was wrong with me .
After eating canned asparagus for dinner last night my pee smelled terribly pungent .
I have never smelled anything like it .
It seemed to go away and then today I had some leftover asparagus and almost immediately my pee smelled like that again .
Searching for answers I found this .
Thank god nothing else is wrong with me !!
I too could feel the vapors of this stinky odor .
weird !!!!
anon5623 December 1 , 2007
I knew my urine smelled due to asparagus for years but never knew why ' til now .
However , my wife does not have smelly urine when she eats it , further supporting the 40 - 50 percentage finding .
I do wonder if there is any correlation between producing the smell and any other health or physical factor .
- zman
anon5588 7 hours ago A very helpful explanation of the potential asparagus urine smell .
I 'm partial to the idea that the unique urine smell is due to two components ; 1 ) a gene that breaks down the sulfur - containing amino acids 2 ) a gene that smells the specific compounds formed in the digestion of asparagus .
My thoughts .......... - I too smell a unique smell post ingesting asparagus - 45 minutes after ingesting 10 spears of asparagus , I collected my urine specimen in a jar - I asked my brother , wife , two children , and a friend to smell the liquid - My brother , wife , children and friend all smelled the unique smell Has anyone been able to create the unique smelling urine and find an individual who does not smell the unique smell of the urine ?
Thank you .
Endlessly curious ......
anon4725 October 29 , 2007 " .. extremely healthy , with a super immune system .. " .. you say ...
I weigh in at an extremely obese 135 Kg.. and am extremely unfit .. filled with a daily dose of cholesterol and blood pressure lowering tablets .... and I too experience a pungent P odor after eating deliciously prepared asparagus .
( viz. crisp marinated ) ... and the odor reminds me of the smell of " rubber " ..
eg. rubber tyres .. which is very distinct ... anybody have their asparagus a special way giving a " specific " pungent odor like mine ...
Initially I just HAD TO ask my GP who assured me there was nothing to worry about .. and .. after reading the thousands of references to asparagus " stuff " ...
I too am somewhat relieved there is nothing else medically wrong inside my body ... c'est la vie ... !!!!!
anon4670 October 27 , 2007
How long does the smell last .... I ate 7 or 8 stalks of asparagus last night , and almost 24 hours later my urine still smells . ??
anon3615 September 8 , 2007 I was so intrigued by the phenomena that I did an impromtu survey .
I wondered what health repercussions those of us who experience the smell enjoy / suffer .
For me and for at least one other person I surveyed there is another result .
THE VAPORS CAN BE FELT ON THE SKIN even without inhaling .
Have you noticed ?
anon2997 August 4 , 2007
My asparagus P is not stinky , but does have a distinctive scent .
But as the article indicates , it 's good news -- the kidneys are just working like they should .
It 's a ' special ' enzyme for special people .
PS -- I am extremely healthy , with a super immune system , so it's no surprise on the smelly P ( phenomenon )
bluebird yesterday I thought I had some strange thing happening because my urine smelled so rotten .
I looked it up and low and behold I too had eaten asparagus tonight for dinner .
How odd this is what causes it .
I am glad it was n't something more serious !!!
anon2326 July 7 , 2007 I have the asparagus smell as well .
I have also noticed the same effect when I drink espresso or cappacuino's .
Is this due to a similar situation as the asparagus ?
anon2206 July 3 , 2007
I guess it made me feel a bit better just to know I was n't the only person out there wondering about this strange phenomenon .
The gene theory makes sense because both my sons have complained about the same issue .
We now just refer to it as " asparagus pee " but we love to eat it anyway .
It is amazing how quickly it reacts in our bodies too .
I was hoping we were getting some wonderful benefit from suffering this affliction .
anon1431 yesterday
Hello , I got on the web to find out why my urine smelled skunky .
I did have asparugus for lunch today , so I guess I found my answer !
I must have both genes since I can smell it in my own urine .
I have always been told I have a nose like a dog !!
Post your comments
Turkish police have detained an unmarried mother and six other people near Istanbul for their suspected role in the so - called " honour killing " of a two - day - old baby girl , state news agency Anatolian said .
The baby was suffocated by her grandmother after the family learned the 25 - year - old mother became pregnant out of wedlock , Anatolian said .
" My family decided to kill my baby , " the mother told the police , according to Anatolian .
" My 55 - year - old mother choked the baby with a cloth .
Then , my brothers buried the baby in a hole in the garden and covered the hole with cement . "
Police found the body after receiving an anonymous phone call .
Among those detained were also a doctor and the doctor 's secretary , They allegedly had agreed not to register the baby 's birth in return for an undisclosed amount of money .
The baby 's father is doing his military service and was not involved in the incident .
" Honour killings , " or crimes carried out against women seen to have tainted the family 's name , are not uncommon in mainly Muslim Turkey , particularly in poor and rural areas .
The European Union , which Turkey has applied to join , has repeatedly urged Ankara to take a tougher stance against such crimes .
TAP TO CALL US NOW ( 501 ) 267-5001
When Tiger Woods finally emerged from his trip through the wilderness of marital infidelity , he vowed to make some life changes .
One of them was to reconnect to Buddhism , the religion of his youth .
It 's fair to say Buddhism could make him a better person .
But here 's a scary notion for the rest of the PGA Tour :
There 's a reasonable chance it could make him a better golfer , too .
A growing number of golfers and golf coaches all over the world are warming up to the idea that the ancient religion , which teaches followers to let go of their egos , attachments and desires in order to attain enlightenment , could be the faith most suited to making somebody a holy terror on the links .
Thanks to the growing ranks of players from Asia , new Asian tour events and a handful of coaches who have been introducing elements of Eastern philosophy to Western players , golfers from a range of religious backgrounds are tinkering with everything from daily meditation and Buddhist breathing techniques to pilgrimages to Buddhist monasteries in Thailand .
The basic idea : to alleviate suffering on the golf course by cultivating inner peace , self - awareness and a sense of responsibility for one 's actions .
" It puts you in a peaceful plane , " Vijay Singh told reporters while visiting a Buddhist abbot in a Thai temple several years ago .
" It 's pretty rough out there on the PGA Tour . "
Last night on Jon Stewart 's The Daily Show , fake - news correspondent Jason Jones interviewed Dan Barker of the Freedom From Religion Foundation , who said that by issuing Mother Teresa stamps , the U.S. Postal Service is honoring a religious figure who " primarily was ... a PR machine for the Catholic Church . "
From the interview , it spirals into a Dan Brown - esque spoof , complete with glowing letters , as Jones narrates dramatically :
Could the postal service be working for the Catholic Church ?
Could I be the hero in a Da Vinci - style thriller with me as Tom Hanks and a gorgeous French girl as my sidekick ?
It 's not unusual for The Daily Show and The Colbert Report to tackle religious subjects and even host religious guests .
Jesuit priest James Martin has been Stephen Colbert 's guest three times , once talking about -- you guessed it -- Mother Teresa .
There are already stamps for religious holidays , including Eid , Hanukkah , Kwanzaa and Christmas ( showing Mary and baby Jesus ) .
Does that mean religious stamps are OK ?
Or should the USPS get rid of those and the Mother Teresa stamp ?
How do you feel about Mother Teresa being on a stamp ?
Would you feel the same if it were the Dalai Lama ?
What about Billy Graham ?
Is it a matter of weighing their religious work vs. their civil work ?
We do have stamps of Martin Luther King Jr. and he was a reverend .
Share your views below .
-- Anne Godlasky , USA TODAY
So there are these narco - banners being hung up all around the metropolitan areas of San Pedro , Monterrey , Escobedo and San Nicolas .
If you do n’t read Spanish , here ’s a rough translation :
Mr. Felipe Calderon [ that ’s our president ] :
With all the respect you deserve , stop helping us .
Poison is fought with poison itself .
Attention :
The alliance of Mexican cartels united against the “ Z ” [ Zetas ] will continue after you RETIRE THE ARMY [ pull troops off the street ] .
I gotta tell you , it does n’t get any more official than this : a nasty drug cartel war is about to erupt , and they are telling the feds to stay out of it .
Meanwhile , here in Monterrey they are talking about martial law at night .
The levantones ( kidnappings ) and SUV thefts keep increasing …
If that happens , I wo n’t complain because it is the lesser of two evils , at least the feds do n’t prey on the civilian population like the god-less zetones .
I ’ll be updating with details and information as I get it .
For now , read my last piece about the Zetas : Mexican Drug Cartels Raid Massive Rave Parties , Crack Down On Rival Pushers …
We ’ve done a lot of stories on terrible legal jobs advertised on Craigslist .
But they keep getting worse .
Last week , a posting went up that was so bad it was possibly illegal :
Entry level plaintiff ’s civil litigator wanted ( Downtown San Diego )
We are looking for aspiring , licensed lawyers with a passion for trial advocacy on behalf of consumers and injured victims in San Diego county .
Candidates should be 0 - 2 + year attorneys .
The office atmosphere is professional , busy , collegial , and we are located in downtown San Diego .
This position offers the unique opportunity to join our team and learn every aspect of civil litigation .
The successful candidate will be expected to be eager to try small - to - moderate injury cases to a jury within only a year or two of joining the firm .
Respond only if you have a strong desire to learn how to litigate and try cases , and have the strong work ethic to keep up with the rather large learning curve .
Email : 1 . Cover letter
2. Resume
3 . Writing sample
4. References
The starting salary is $ 1,600 - $ 2,000 / month *** Please :
If the starting salary is too low , please do not respond .***
If everything works out great for you , you could make $ 10 / hour .
But at the bottom end , you could wind up making $ 6.67 an hour .
Minimum wage in California is $ 8.00 .
I know some people think that recent law school graduates are worthless , but this is a bit ridiculous …
No lawyer should be able to honor the tagline from the job posting .
The salary is so low that it ’s illegal .
Here ’s the breakdown from The Law Life :
[ P] rofessionals in the State of California are exempt from the 40 hour work week requirement and minimum wage law so long as they earn at least twice minimum wage .
See the Order here ( pdf ) .
That is the equivalent of $ 640 per week or $ 2,560 per month .
This employer cannot ask for both a 50 - 60 hour work week while paying a $ 1,600 - $ 2,000 monthly salary .
But I mean it ’s cool .
No one expects attorneys to know or follow the law .
This kind of monetary disrespect is sweeping the state of California .
This next one is n’t illegal , but paying people $ 10 an hour in one of the wealthiest counties in the country is pathetic :
Recently Licensed Attorney or Law School Graduate ( Beverly Hills ) Beverly Hills Law Firm doing business and entertainment litigation– looking for part - time recently licensed attorney or law school graduate to work on various files .
Work would consist of drafting subpoenas , drafting complaints for misappropriation of image and breach of contract cases , researching copyright holder info. , researching various legal issues , involving intellection property / entertainment law , real estate and business law .
The position will be paid at $ 10.00 an hour .
This job is essentially a resume build with great experience offered .
Moreover , if you do a good job , you will be given an outstanding recommendation for your next job .
Need to be able to start immediately .
Thank you .
You know what ’s going to be really annoying ?
When some law school counts the person who takes this job as “ employed upon graduation . ”
Hopefully , nobody with a J.D. is this desperate .
Honestly , there are aspiring actresses working strip clubs in L.A. with more self - respect than this .
Entry level plaintiff ’s civil litigator wanted ( Downtown San Diego ) [ Craigslist ]
Damn It Feels Good To Be A Shepherd : Earning Less Than Minimum Wage [ The Law Life ]
Recently Licensed Attorney or Law School Graduate ( Beverly Hills ) [ Craigslist ]
Earlier : Did You Go to Law School to Earn $ 12 an Hour ?
Dan on liberty discusses liberty issues , alternative currencies , political vs. anarchistic viewpoints , liberty in New Hampshire .
MILLEDGEVILLE , Ga. --
For the second time in a year , Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger is being accused of sexual misconduct , with police investigating him Saturday for an alleged assault at a nightclub in a Georgia college town .
Police in Milledgeville were examining the claim of a 20 - year - old student , who told an officer that Roethlisberger sexually assaulted her early Friday .
Tom Davis , the special agent in charge of the regional Georgia Bureau of Investigation in Milledgeville , told ESPN on Saturday that Milledgeville police and the GBI will be working the case throughout the weekend and into next week .
Authorities had no plans to comment further until Monday at the earliest .
The GBI has not spoken with Roethlisberger or any of the men who were with him on the night in question , but are trying to arrange that , Davis said .
When Davis does speak with them , he told ESPN he wants to conduct the interviews in person .
It was his understanding that Roethlisberger and his group left the state on Friday .
Investigators are awaiting lab results , but Davis would not say if anything was taken from Roethlisberger .
When the investigation is complete , Davis said the findings will be turned over to the Baldwin County district attorney .
The case comes as Roethlisberger faces a lawsuit filed last July by a woman who says he raped her in 2008 at a Lake Tahoe hotel and casino , an allegation he strongly denies .
Roethlisberger , who was not in custody , has not been criminally charged in either case and has claimed counter - damages in the lawsuit .
Still , to hear it on the airwaves in Pittsburgh , this latest situation seems to have shaken fans of the star quarterback , a man who has never hidden the fact he enjoys the nightlife .
He has been spotted gambling in Las Vegas and is sometimes seen in public with small groups of friends and bodyguards .
The latest accusation came early Friday in downtown Milledgeville , about 85 miles southeast of Atlanta and about 30 miles south of the lake home the player owns .
Roethlisberger , who turned 28 on Tuesday , and two or three friends went to Buffington 's bar earlier Thursday night to watch the University of Pittsburgh men's college basketball game , said Paul Kurcikevicus , a 24 - year - old college student .
He said the group was friendly , at first joking that Roethlisberger was not the NFL player .
Kurcikevicus said Roethlisberger bought shots for him and some other people in the bar .
The shots were " O - Bombs , " a mixture of energy drink and flavored rum .
The group later went to The Brick restaurant nearby , owner Frank Pendergrast said .
" He was very polite with everybody , " Pendergrast told The Associated Press .
" He was down here from about 11:30 until about 1:30 having a good time , talking to a lot of people .
Looked like he was signing autographs and letting people take pictures .
Other than that , it was really uneventful . "
Roethlisberger was later seen at Capital City , a popular nightclub for students at Georgia College & State University in Milledgeville .
One patron at the bar on Friday night , 21 - year - old college student Brandon Harris , said he saw Roethlisberger come in the night before with two or three big men who were keeping other club goers away .
Harris said the group went into a curtained VIP area in the back of the club , and some women were let inside .
Amber Hanley , a 21 - year - old college student , said she and a few friends were also in the VIP area with Roethlisberger .
She said she asked the quarterback to take a photo with her friend , who was a fan , but he seemed disappointed that 's all she wanted .
Hanley said she rolled her eyes , and Roethlisberger called her an expletive and walked away .
Later , Roethlisberger was aggressively hitting on another girl , Hanley said .
Deputy Police Chief Richard Malone said Friday that Roethlisberger had been with three other people who were mingling with another group that included the alleged victim .
Malone said the woman and her party contacted a nearby police officer following the alleged assault .
" He 's been identified as being at the scene and there are allegations naming him as the perpetrator , " Malone said .
The nature of the assault was not described , but Malone did say it was being termed a sexual assault , not a rape .
Roethlisberger and the alleged victim were interviewed and the woman was taken to a hospital , where she was treated and released , Malone said .
The woman was not identified by police ; ESPN and the AP do not generally identify possible victims of sexual abuse .
Police said Roethlisberger and his attorney were cooperating with investigators .
The player 's agent , Ryan Tollner , said in a statement he was skeptical of the motive of the alleged victim in Milledgeville because of the previous Lake Tahoe allegations .
Steelers spokesman Dave Lockett said the team was gathering information and had no comment .
As Pittsburgh 's first - round draft pick out of Miami of Ohio in 2004 , Roethlisberger led the Steelers to Super Bowl victories in 2006 and 2009 .
He has frequently donated time and money to charities , and his charitable foundation awards a police dog to a department near every Steelers road opponent .
However , with his championships and $ 102 million contract have come several off - the - field problems .
In 2006 , he defied his coach 's orders and rode his motorcycle without a helmet -- and wound up with a concussion , broken jaw and other injuries after a wreck .
And while Roethlisberger has a reputation for patiently signing autographs and posing for pictures while out in public , he also is known for occasionally inelegant behavior in Pittsburgh .
Early in his career , he was photographed wearing a T - shirt reading " Drink Like a Champion . "
Restaurant owners in Pittsburgh have complained he has tried to skip out on bills .
The public largely supported him when he was accused of sexual assault in Nevada .
But radio shows in Pittsburgh have been flooded with calls since Friday 's allegation -- few of them sympathetic , with many wondering if the new case indicates a troubling pattern of behavior .
Fan Julie Muckle of Cranberry Township , Pa. , said Roethlisberger was hanging out with the wrong people .
" I 'm 24 and if I want to go out to a local bar , I know where I can find him .
I feel like he needs to hide himself a little more and be with a better group , " Muckle said .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
When vicious inter-ethnic violence broke out in Urumqi last year , Chinese authorities flooded the city with security forces .
But next came an unexpected step : they cut off internet access across the vast north - western region of Xinjiang .
Controlling the information flow was as crucial as controlling the streets , it seemed .
Eight months on , the net remains largely inaccessible in Xinjiang , though officials claim it will soon be restored .
The small number of sites that were recently unblocked are heavily censored ; only a severely restricted email service is available .
The internet blackout is partly an anomaly , made possible by the region 's poverty and remoteness .
It is hard to imagine the authorities gambling with Shanghai or Beijing 's internationalised economies .
But it also reflects the government 's wider approach to the internet : real fear at the speed with which information or rumours can spread and people can organise .
And an absolute determination to tame it .
The cut - off lies at the extreme end of a spectrum of controls that experts say constitute the world 's most sophisticated and extensive censorship system – and one that is growing .
Google 's decision to shut its mainland search service rather than continue to self - censor has highlighted a crackdown that has closed thousands of domestic websites over the last year and blocked many hosted outside .
Casualties included Yeeyan , a community translation website that was running a collaborative experiment with the Guardian , publishing stories in Chinese .
Though it was later allowed to reopen , it no longer translates foreign news media .
Other measures have included attempts to introduce real name registration and install controls on individual devices via the controversial Green Dam software – though the latter has been seen off by users , at least for now .
" A lot of people are very optimistic that the web will bring us ' glasnost for China ' , but the determination to control it is stronger than ever , " said David Bandurski of the China Media Project at the University of Hong Kong .
Few , even those who deal with it regularly , can explain exactly how the censorship system works .
Chinese officials say that most countries control the internet and that Beijing does so according to law .
The state proscribes up to 11 kinds of content , which range from spreading obscenity to " disrupting national policies on religion , propagating evil cults and feudal superstitions " .
The difference is not only that China outlaws far more content than other countries , but it does not state clearly what is off limits , why , and who made the decision .
" The special nature of Chinese censorship is that it has no transparency and is very random , " said Wen Yunchao , an outspoken Guangzhou - based blogger better known as Beifeng ( North Wind ) .
" When my blog has been closed or deleted or blocked , I have had no notice .
After I find out there is no way to petition for its return .
No netizens know which department made the decision ; no one knows how the system works .
We only see the results . "
The first element is the so - called Great Firewall .
Internet police bar access to services hosted overseas by blocking URLs and IP addresses and through keyword filtering
http://www.theguardian.com/world/2010/mar/23/google-china-firewall-censorship-internet.
Although many internet users find ways to scale the firewall – such as proxies and virtual private networks – most either do not know how or can not be bothered .
But the second element is just as crucial : domestic censorship .
And here the authorities do not rely on controlling companies – but on making sure that they control themselves .
In evidence to a US House of Representatives hearing this month , Rebecca MacKinnon , a fellow at Princeton 's Center for Information Technology Policy , wrote : " Much of the censorship and surveillance work in China is delegated and outsourced to the private sector – who , if they fail to censor and monitor to the government 's satisfaction , will lose their business licence . "
Punishments can also include fines – or having sites closed , without warning .
The decentralisation of censorship means that it is highly uneven .
The transparency of filtering , content censored and methods used all vary .
When MacKinnon tried to post 108 pieces of content on 15 different blog hosts , the most vigilant censored 60 posts ; the least , only one .
That is one reason why the system is hard to understand .
Another is that it is deliberately opaque ; at least one journalist , Shi Tao , is in jail for disclosing a propaganda directive .
It is unsurprising that so few people want to discuss the system .
But conversations with bloggers , industry sources and experts allow one to build up a portrait of it .
Most sites depend on both mechanised and human observation .
Filtering software rejects posts outright or flags them up for further attention , but humans are essential to catch veiled references and check photographs , for example .
Sources suggest a huge portal – such as Sina , which runs not only news , but a microblog service and discussion forums – could employ anywhere between 20 and 100 censors .
These people take orders from a complex apparatus that briefs them about what is permitted , orders changes or deletions to content , and punishes them .
At the top are the party 's propaganda office and the information office of the state council , China 's cabinet .
These deal with the biggest issues and set out a general approach ; and they are replicated downwards through the levels of the bureaucracy .
They have their own monitors who usually work as a single , city - level team .
They focus primarily on news - related websites , though this may include blog platforms , for instance .
They shape content as well as removing it .
Separately , there are internet police , dealing primarily with security and crime - related issues – though in China these are interpreted very broadly .
Usually they order deletion or site closures , rather than issuing directives in advance .
It is thought they focus on social websites , such as bulletin boards ; and their work veers towards information that may have offline repercussions for police – perhaps complaints that could lead to unrest – and investigations .
These three groups form the bulk of the official censors .
Within their ranks dedicated teams watch major sites such as NetEase or Sohu .
Like the firms ' own monitors , they work round the clock .
Others will run searches on keywords , or check out tips from the public .
Increasingly , they are investing in technology such as text mining software .
But there are numerous other entities overseeing parts of the internet – the broadcasting administration deals with videos , for instance .
Although they coordinate and cooperate , responsibilities overlap and turf wars can result .
Additionally , each government department or agency keeps an eye on its own patch , with education officials monitoring student discussion forums .
Usually these bodies will act via police or information and propaganda officials ; sometimes , they call websites directly .
It is not clear if they have the right to order deletion of content , but companies usually comply rather than take the risk .
" Literally , pretty much every government office – national , provincial , city level – will try to contact you if they have your number , " complained an industry figure , joking that senior staff hate to give out business cards as a result .
Depending on the sensitivity of content and where it appears , orders arrive in different ways .
Censors may tell a site to delete content , or tell an ISP to pull the plug .
Sometimes a data centre informs a company they have been told to shut a site ; sometimes they act without warning or explanation .
Almost always , the information is delivered informally .
Authorities will call major players to meetings to brief them ; otherwise , they will ring up , send a text message or use online chat services .
In a normal week , a major site can expect to receive at least tens of instructions .
Smaller sites often rely on word of mouth .
But companies usually maintain logs to keep track of these unwritten injunctions and occasionally these leak , offering a rare glimpse into the complex and sometimes baffling decisions of the censors .
One , said to have belonged to Chinese search giant Baidu , included banned sites , off - limits topics and sensitive words or phrases including Aids , migrant workers , reactionary and even Communist party ; not problematic in themselves , but in certain combinations .
The censors ' decisions can be baffling – allowing tales of official abuse to remain while apparently innocuous subjects are erased ; one list translated by the New York Times this week included an order to delete references to a rare flower .
According to Buddhist folklore , it blooms only once every 3,000 years ; someone feared it would encourage superstition .
" The rest of us have to guess their likes and dislikes , " complained one of those struggling to keep up .
Officials do not only prohibit content .
They dictate how stories are reported ; or if reader comments should be allowed ; or set a ratio of " positive " news on sites .
" In the past it was about deleting .
Now they do much more [ proactively ] – saying what we should put on the headlines , " added the industry source .
" They are smarter .
People open the home page and see tabloid - style or party news and lose interest .
They do n't bother to scroll down to the interesting stuff . "
There is one more port of call for Chinese authorities : the individual .
" They do n't haul in everyone , " said Phelim Kine , Asia researcher at Human Rights Watch .
But " discussion of the Chinese government 's monopoly on power ; the need to examine 1989 ; calls for open elections – those are red flag issues and can get people a knock on the door from the public security bureau " .
Then there are the " grey lines " ; topics and discussions acceptable today but perhaps not tomorrow .
A summons to an intimidatory chat with police ; detention ; or even jail could be the result .
Amnesty International calculated last year about 30 journalists and 50 others were in prison " for posting their views on the internet " – often , because officials suspected they were seeking to organise others .
But the deletion of content , the closure of sites and the jailing of individuals have a chilling effect that goes far beyond those immediately affected .
" Because people do n't know what they are not allowed to say , they kind of guess and take down or stop saying whatever might possibly not be permissible , " said Wen Yunchao .
The system 's effectiveness can be judged not by the number of censors , the sophistication of its technology or the information suppressed – but by what it has not done and does not need to do .
Li Yonggang , a professor of internet politics at Nanjing university , wrote recently : " In fact , the Great Firewall is rooted in our hearts . "
P arliament resumes this week following the unexpected – and unexpectedly contentious – decision by Prime Minister Stephen Harper to reset the legislative agenda through prorogation .
The House of Commons may have been quiet but the calls for a national digital strategy have grown louder in recent months .
Last week , the International Telecommunications Union issued its annual global measurement of the information society , which served again to highlight Canada 's sinking global technology ranking .
Canada ranked 21st ( down from 18th in 2007 ) in its ICT Development Index , which groups 11 indices including access , use , and technology skills .
Canada 's sliding global ranking reflects 10 years of policy neglect .
Other countries gave priority to digital issues while leaders from all parties here have been content to rest on the laurels of the late 1990s , only to wake up to a new , less - competitive reality in 2010 .
Industry Minister Tony Clement has spoken frequently about the need for a national digital strategy but concrete policies have been slow in coming .
The parliamentary restart presents another opportunity for action .
Given the failure to date to articulate a comprehensive digital strategy , perhaps a different approach might work .
Following the Speech from the Throne and the budget , there will be about 100 days until the summer break .
Clement could set a series of realizable targets during those 100 days .
Such targets would not solve ongoing concerns regarding the competitiveness of Canada 's wireless sector or the findings that Canadians pay higher prices for slower Internet speeds than consumers in many other countries but some momentum could be gained and some quick wins achieved .
A 100 - day digital agenda could have four components : new laws , new initiatives , new enforcement , and new policy development .
On the legislative front , Clement should reintroduce the Electronic Commerce Protection Act , the antispam bill that passed through the Commons and was to have been the subject of Senate hearings earlier this year .
Having received all - party support and extensive study , the legislation should be placed on a rocket docket with a commitment to passing the bill before the summer recess .
Two other long - awaited bills should be part of the short - term digital strategy .
With the national copyright consultation complete , a digital copyright bill consistent with Clement 's commitment to a forward - looking , technology neutral approach should be introduced within the next 100 days .
So , too , should a privacy reform bill , which Clement identified as a priority at the start of 2010 .
Beyond new legislation , government can use the next 100 days to lead by example .
A new data.gc.ca website , with open government data sets like those found in the U.S. and U.K. should be easy to achieve .
The government also could follow the Australian approach to solve the crown copyright problem that restricts use of government documents by adopting open licences that grant permission to use documents without formal approval ( or the need for a new law ) .
The government can use the next 100 days to step up its digital enforcement agenda .
This includes ensuring Internet providers are compliant with net neutrality requirements and that telemarketers abide by do - not - call legislation .
Finally , longer - term digital agenda issues must be put on the policy front burner .
These include discussions on spectrum allocation , digital television transition , removal of Canadian control requirements in the telecom sector and new media issues .
None of these initiatives will mark an immediate resurgence in Canada 's digital ranking .
But , after years of missteps , perhaps some baby steps now would put the nation 's digital agenda back on track .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Michael Geist holds the Canada Research Chair in Internet and E- commerce Law at the University of Ottawa , Faculty of Law. mgeist@uottawa.ca or online at www.michaelgeist.ca.
We appreciate all of you for all your efforts to keep all of our Branches , ATMs , and special requests on track .
We know it is not easy and all you have to do to try and stay safe .
You guys and your staff are our heroes !
Global Product Operations
BMO
They lived in Schneidemuehl , in the former German region of Pomerania which is now a Polish town called Pila .
She and her sister left the next day aboard a cattle train that was supposed to head towards Berlin .
But it went in a different direction and the engine was soon blown up by Russian artillery .
" The freight car door was locked , " she said .
" I managed to climb up and crawl out of a high window .
My sister was left behind : I have never seen her again . "
Okay , I 'm in love with this .
The topsy turvy theme is PERFECT for Alice in Wonderland .
The colors are so exciting .
I especially love the Cheshire Cat on the bottom .
Fantastic job !
Unless the new production removed possibly the smartest move in reducing leaks , should n't the script have a giant , named watermark across the middle ?
An erupting Icelandic volcano that has shut down airline traffic over much of Europe for the past three days shows no sign of calming down , sparking fears that continued eruptions could hamper the continent ’s efforts to struggle out of recession ’s grip .
Southern Iceland ’s Eyjafjallajokull volcano resumed erupting for the second time in a month last Wednesday , spewing ash several kilometres into the air , and leading to the cancellation of tens of thousands of airline flights around the world .
Life in Europe is fast becoming , in the words of one Parisian newspaper , “ la grande pagaille ” — the big mess .
Virtually every airport is closed in England , Scotland , the Netherlands , Belgium , northern France , Poland , the Czech Republic , Sweden , Denmark , Finland and much of Norway , Italy , Bosnia , Croatia and Slovenia .
Airlines are collectively losing more than $ 200 million a day .
Kenyan flower and vegetable producers , unable to deliver to Europe , are watching their crops rot .
In Italy , fresh - made Mozzarella cheese , highly perishable , ca n’t be shipped .
And grocers used to ‘ just in time ’ deliveries of fresh dairy and produce fear empty shelves when current stocks run out .
FedEx , DHL and other shippers are grounded throughout much of Europe ; FedEx alone has cancelled more than 100 flights since the volcano began belching again ; the courier says it cannot fly to 15 European airports , including its Paris distribution hub at Charles de Gaulle airport .
Scores of U.S. military resupply flights for Afghanistan , many of which pass through European airspace , have been grounded or redirected , and combat casualties from the region , normally sent to the giant U.S. air base and hospital at Ramstein , Germany , were being flown directly to the United States .
For many , the pain is immediate , real and costly .
“ If we are looking at the future , we cannot maintain the cost of all this forever , ” said Geert Sciot , communications manager for Brussels Airlines , citing mounting costs for airlines worldwide that , by this week , are expected to exceed $ 1 billion .
“ The longer it lasts , the more difficult it gets . ”
But scientists are n’t holding out much hope of an immediate end .
“ There does n’t seem to be an end in sight , ” Icelandic geologist Magnus Tumi Gudmundsson said yesterday .
“ The activity has been quite vigorous overnight , causing the eruption column to grow . ”
That massive plume of volcanic ash has now spread over much of northeastern Europe , extending to northern Italy and east to Ukraine .
The ash , composed of superfine particulate matter , can seize up jet engines , making air travel impossible anywhere in the ash plume .
As a result Eurocontrol , the European air navigation safety agency , closed airspace over 23 countries , including Poland , where the state funeral of Lech Kaczynski and his wife — killed in an air crash with 94 others in western Russia April 10 — is being held today .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper and U.S. President Barack Obama are among the international leaders who have cancelled plans to attend , citing the inability to get to Krakow , the southern Polish city where the funeral is being held .
Other leades who have cancelled plans to attend include those from Mexico , Finland , Sweden , Spain , Japan , South Korea and India .
“ With the safe conduct of flight operations a prime concern , Eurocontrol advises that clearance will not be issued for aircraft to penetrate contaminated airspace and airports , ” Harper ’s spokesman , Dimitri Soudas , said in announcing the prime minister ’s cancellation yesterday .
It was no different for anyone else attempting to fly into or out of the affected zone , whether by presidential jet or commercial carrier .
At New York ’s Kennedy airport , “ it ’s like a refugee camp , ” said Rhiannon Thomas , who has been told it may be days before she gets back home to Birmingham , England .
“ At least we got beds , ” said Thomas ’ mother Pat , referring to the hundreds of narrow blue cots brought in to JFK ’s Terminal 34 .
“ Some people slept on cardboard . ”
In Toronto more than 25 flights arriving from Amsterdam , London , Paris , Brussels , Frankfurt and other European cities were cancelled yesterday , and a similar number of departures for the region were scrubbed .
It does n’t promise to be much better today — or , for that matter , tomorrow .
“ It ’s up to air traffic controllers in the U.K. , ” said Trish Krale , a spokesperson for the Greater Toronto Airports Authority .
“ We ’re watching it as well as everyone else is . ”
Unlike JFK , Pearson was n’t crowded with stranded passengers , Krale added , since air travellers to northern Europe either know they ’re not going anywhere soon , or are checking with their airlines .
Air Canada has already cancelled today ’s flights to London and Frankfurt .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ This is unprecedented , ” said Air Canada spokesperson Angela Mah , “ and it ’s clearly an exceptional condition where this many worldwide airports have been affected .
“ It all literally depends on which way the wind is blowing . ”
Most airlines , including Air Canada and Air Transat , have implemented “ flexible rebooking , ” enabling passengers to rebook without penalty .
In Iceland , heavy ash is settling onto fields southwest of the glacier , prompting farmers to shelter their animals from the fine , sticky dust , which contains fluoride that causes long - term bone damage , leading to broken bones and lost teeth .
“ This is bad .
There are no words for it , ” said dairy farmer Berglind Hilmarsdottir .
But economists say that , no matter how bad the local pain , there ’s no immediate danger to the world economy .
“ If it really drags on another week , ” disrupting global supply chains , “ that could be really serious , ” said Peter Westaway , chief economist for Europe at the Nomura investment bank .
Dutch geologist Edwin Zanen , who was able to fly within 25 kilometres of Eyjafjallajokull yesterday , described the volcano as “ a real inferno . ”
“ We ’re looking at a sun-soaked ice shelf and , above it is looming a cloud of ashes of , oh , 4 to 5 kilometres high , ” he told Dutch state broadcaster NOS .
“ There are lightning flashes in it .
It ’s a real inferno we ’re looking at .
“ There ’s absolutely no sign that the thing is calming down , ” Zanen said .
“ On the contrary , we can see that at this moment it ’s extraordinarily active . ”
Read more about :
Dave does a teardown of the Princeton Tec EOS headlamp and mods it with a new Cree XPG LED .
Throw in a quick reverse engineer of the circuit , gratuitous scope shots , torturing a thermistor , a practical demonstration of why you really do need 5 multimeters on your bench , and as usual Dave finds no problems filling up 25 minutes .
You guys , our sistah from anotha mistah Kayla Patterson , a dedicated Twilight fan , is reeeally mad at Universal .
Why ?
Because their movie The Wolfman , starring Benicio del Toro as himself , totally copied the whole werewolf thing from New Moon , right ???
That is sort of what an actual person actually argued , in an actual email that was allegedly sent to the actual Universal Pictures movie studio in essence addressed to Universal , but sent to a site called Latino Review .
Kyla is a crazed Twihard ( or Twilighter , it 's sort of like the Trekkie vs. Trekker debate ) fan and she just can't stand seeing Stephenie Meyer 's beautiful from - whole - cloth invention , which is werewolves , copied and ruined .
Look , look :
This movie was a complete waste and I feel that it offends ALL Twilight Fans around the world , that including myself .
For one , it was a COMPLETE remakingof the Wolf Pack from the Twilight Saga : New Moon .
It gives the werewolves a bad name and makes them look like some deformed mutation of a rabid dog .
I actually started to like werewolves after seeing Jacob Black and all his awesomeness on the big screen at the movies .
That was until I saw your crappy remake of what you call to be a " were wolf " .
I do n't see how you live with yourself for making it the way you did .
If I made this movie , I would be ashamed to even admit that I owned it .
How can a werewolf be killed with a silver bullet *?
Better yet , have you saw the transformation of the man that is " supposed " to be the wolf ?
He sits in some chair and his entire body turns in to some mutated freak .
If you would watch the transformation of Jacob Black , ( Taylor Lautner ) he does n't come close to looking as fake , cheap and or mutated as the wolf man .
You tell me , who looks to be the better werewolf .
Your stupid Wolf Movie did n't even make the top Movie for the charts ; Valentines Day WITH TAYLOR Lautner !
Get that this is MY oppinion and I felt I wanted to express it because I saw that your email was on your site .
I wanted to let you know this is what i thought of the wolf man that sucks .
FREAKIN LAUTNER DID !
TEAM JACOB - cuz hes a REAL WEREWOLVE !
I can't even !
That 's just like insane and wonderful in every possible way .
God bless America .
Angel Moroni bless Stephenie Meyer .
And thank heavens to Film Drunk , where we found this beautiful missive .
Also : WTF is up with that picture ?
That 's totally not Taylor Lautner .
Is there some sort of B movie version of " Twilight " out there ?
Apple II DMS Music Software for sale
Introducing the Digital Music Synthesizer for Apple II personal computers !
The DMS is the only wavetable synthesizer for the Apple //e , IIc , and IIc + computers that is suitable for performance use .
It supports up to 8 voices , which can be selected from the 10 on disk , and played ( monophonically ) from the Apple II keyboard .
It can be used to “ record ” a performance for later playback as well .
Also , the DMS does n’t require a monitor !
Just turn on your Apple II and when the drive light goes off .
Then hit the space bar you ’re ready to play live~ !
Sounds on disk are : Acoustic Piano , Vibraphone , Acoustic Guitar , Electric Bass , Trumpet , Clarinet , square wave , sawtooth wave , sine wave , and ( for Bud Melvin ) … Banjo !
Here is a mp3 demo* : DMS Demo
* Sounds EQ ’d with some noise filtering .
Requirements : A2.DMS requires an Apple //e , IIc , IIc+ , or IIgs computer with 80 - column capability , at least one 5.25 ” floppy disk drive .
Monitor is optional .
Download the instruction manual here
You can purchase it over at the 8 Bit Weapon Store . ( thx 8 bitweapon )
It was not only Joe Biden who set the tone that it was okay to interrupt and heckle , it was also Chris Wallace who interrupted Trump on three occasions just as he was making valid points .
As many as 400,000 nonprofit organizations are weeks away from a doomsday .
At midnight on May 15 , an estimated one - fifth to one - quarter of some 1.6 million charities , trade associations and membership groups will lose their tax exemptions , thanks to a provision buried in a 2006 federal bill aimed at pension reform .
“ It ’s going to be an unholy mess once these organizations realize what ’s happened to them , ” said Diana Aviv , president of the Independent Sector , a nonprofit trade group .
The federal legislation passed in 2006 required all nonprofits to file tax forms the following year .
Previously , only organizations with revenues of $ 25,000 or more — or the vast majority of nonprofit groups — had to file .
The new law , embedded in the 393 pages of the Pension Protection Act of 2006 , also directed the Internal Revenue Service to revoke the tax exemptions of groups that failed to file for three consecutive years .
Three years have passed , and thus the deadline looms .
Scientists at Oxford University have led a study that shows how simple diagnostic tests to identify which patients will respond to which cancer drugs can be developed , potentially ushering in a new era of personalised cancer medicine .
The Oxford researchers , with colleagues at the MD Anderson Cancer Center at the University of Texas , Houston , confirm their approach works in results published in the journal PNAS .
They show that a specific protein can be used as a ' biomarker ' to identify which patients with a rare type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma would benefit from a new class of cancer drug .
' This is the first report of a biomarker that predicts how a patient 's cancer will respond to a cancer drug , ' says Professor Nick La Thangue of Oxford University , who led the research .
' The presence or absence of the biomarker can now be used as a diagnostic test to identify which patients will benefit from this drug .
' It 's one of the first examples of being able to personalise cancer medicine and tailor treatment for the individual patient , ' he adds .
Biomarkers also have implications for reducing the cost burden of introducing new cancer drugs on the NHS , as only the subset of patients that would see a benefit would receive the treatment .
' New cancer drugs would be more likely to gain approval from the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence where biomarkers exist to identify the appropriate patient group , ' believes Professor La Thangue , as their analyses of how well the treatment works in relation to how much it costs the NHS would improve .
Cancer drug discovery and development has changed significantly with greater understanding of what goes wrong in biological processes within cancer cells .
New drugs target a variety of these cellular processes , but they will often only be effective in a subset of patients according to the profile of their particular cancer .
advertisement
For example , trastuzumab ( Herceptin ) is an effective drug against breast cancer but only among those patients with cancers that express the protein which the drug targets .
Patients without that protein see no benefit from the drug .
A biomarker is something that can be measured to predict whether a particular cancer will respond to treatment with a particular drug .
Simple diagnostic tests based on the level of biomarker present can then flag up patients that will respond to that drug .
Biomarkers can also be used to identify appropriate patient groups for clinical trials .
This would improve the ability of the trial to determine a drug 's clinical benefits and increase the likelihood that new and effective drugs make it into clinics .
Currently the failure rate for new drugs in development is estimated to be 80 % .
The Oxford and Texas team focussed on a new class of cancer drug called HDAC inhibitors because they stop the action of the protein histone deacetylase .
SAHA ( Vorinostat or Zolinza ) was the first drug of this class to gain regulatory approval , and can be used in the treatment of a rare type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma known as cutaneous T - cell lymphoma , or CTCL .
The researchers used a whole - genome screen to identify those genes active in CTCL cells that govern whether the cancer cells respond to the drug SAHA or not .
The screen works by silencing each gene in turn to assess its effect on how well the drug works .
HR23B was found to determine the CTCL cells ' sensitivity to SAHA .
advertisement
The scientists now report that HR23B works as a biomarker in a clinically relevant setting .
The presence of HR23B in biopsies from patients with CTCL predicted who would respond to the treatment 71.7 % of the time .
With this first demonstration of a predictive biomarker for a cancer drug , the approach using a whole - genome screen can be done again and again to find biomarkers for different cancers and different drugs .
The hope is that the identification of new biomarkers can become routine .
The Oxford group has a patent on the whole - genome screen for identifying biomarkers and is looking at options for commercialising a biomarker kit using HR23B as a companion diagnostic test to go with the drug SAHA .
' This new work validates our approach for identifying biomarkers , ' says Professor La Thangue .
' It should be possible to find biomarkers for every drug on the market and every drug in development and truly personalise cancer medicine .
' You can imagine in the future a biopsy will be taken of a patient 's tumour and screened for the presence of a hundred different biomarkers .
They 'll then be given a cocktail of drugs that is tailored for the profile of their particular cancer , ' he adds .
Deem and Pass .
Demon Pass .
The most unprecedented legislative tactic to ever be totally and completely precendented .
The GOP is all adither .
The conservative freak - out has begun .
Grab the popcorn , kids , this is gonna be a doozy .
My first reaction to the news that House Dems might use the “ Deem and Pass ” procedure to pass the Senate health insurance reform bill and the sidecar amendment with one vote was “ why the hell would they give that ammunition to the GOPosaurs ?? ? ”
Then I did some reading on the internets and a light came on .
Brothers and sisters , this is AWESOME !!!
Why is this so awesome ?
Because by putting it out there that they are going to pass this legislation using a totally - precedented ( but not widely known ) procedure called “ Deem and Pass ” , Democrats now have Republicans clamoring for an “ Up or Down VoteTM “ .
Check it out :
Rep. David Dreier ( R - Calif . ) :
“ It ’s very painful and troubling to see the gymnastics through which they are going to avoid accountability and I hope very much that , at the end of the day , that if we are going to have a vote , we will have a clean up - or - down vote that will allow the American people to see who is supporting this Senate bill and who is not supporting this Senate bill . ”
Eric Cantor ( R - Weaselville ) :
“ This is a process that you can avoid a direct up or down vote on a bill .
This is an attempt to hide the vote .
Why do that ?
It ’s so big , we should have an up or down vote . “
John Boehner ( R - Tanfast ) :
This week , House Republicans intend to force a vote on a measure that would give the American people an up - or - down vote on the Senate health care bill .
Rep . Ted Poe ( R - Texas ) :
“ Let ’s have an up - or - down vote on this bill and not hide behind some procedural mumbo jumbo . ”
See how this works ?
You get them to call for an “ Up or Down VoteTM “ .
At this point they do n’t even have to go through with it .
They now have major Republicans on record calling for an “ Up or Down VoteTM “ .
It ’s brilliant , I tellzya .
Just effing brilliant .
I ’m just sayin ’ …
UPDATE : I realize that “ up or down vote ” applies mostly to the Senate because of the filibuster .
However , having big - name Republicans calling for an “ up or down ” vote helps Dems regardless of which part of Congres is involved and makes Senate Republicans look quite foolish , in my opinion .
======================
Digg this blog entry HERE .
Thanks !
New rules force religious groups to account for each financial operation in an annual report to the authorities .
Many fear that the new regulations will allow the government to interfere even more in the affairs of religious groups .
Beijing ( AsiaNews / Agencies ) – China ’s State Religious Affairs Administration has issued new , more restrictive financial accounting rules for religious organisations .
For experts , the new regulations give the authorities more tools to limit the latter ’s activities .
After decades during which religion was banned , China ’s constitution now recognises the principle of freedom of religion .
However , the authorities expect religious groups to operate within state - sanctioned organisations , set up along confessional lines but managed by government officials .
Each group must be formally authorised by such bodies , which can exercise a great deal of discretionary power over their members .
In practical terms , this has given the Chinese Communist Party the power to appoint Catholic bishops as well as the top clergy of other denominations .
Under the new rules , all “ religious institutions ” must hire accountants and file annual financial reports to the authorities , Xinhua news agency said .
The rules are aimed at building a system under which the government can better supervise the finances of the nation 's 130,000 religious institutions and help prevent embezzlement and the misappropriation of public funds , it said .
After all , under Chinese law , religious organisations are seen as public institutions .
Few details of the rules have been release , but experts believe they are motivated by the same attitude that has led the government to ban fund raising by private groups without prior authorisation .
In both instances , the authorities want to control the activities of various groups and the best way is through constant supervision of their financial operations .
Religious persecution is widespread in China , especially against Tibetan monks and followers of the Falun Gong spiritual movement .
Officially sanctioned institutions are not spared either .
In October , the US State Department released a report alleging continued religious persecution in a number of nations , including the People ’s Republic of China .
I gave a talk last night at Boston Haskell on finger trees .
In particular I spent a lot of time focusing on how to derive the construction of Hinze and Paterson 's 2 - 3 finger trees via an extended detour into a whole menagerie of tree types , and less on particular applications of the final resulting structure .
Overall , I think the talk went over quite well .
In other finger - tree - related news , Mark Chu -Carroll recently wrote a blog post on finger trees as well , which might serve as a faster introduction in case you do n't want to wade through 50 slides before seeing something recognizable as a finger tree .
The comments given in reply to his very timely article were very useful in fleshing out this presentation .
For those who are interested , while we have yet to establish a good way to record video , here are my slides .
There are two parts of the talk that may be difficult to adequately reconstruct from the slides alone :
I talked through the notion of safe and dangerous digits in a Hinze and Paterson tree and explained how the extra slop in a Hinze and Paterson tree work .
The other part that was talked through largely via the blackboard was how one uses the monotonicity of the function passed to split .
Otherwise , you can probably reconstruct the narrative from the slides .
If you have any questions or spot any errors or grievous omissions , please feel free to contact me .
[ Edit : Updated slide 54 ]
Anti-gay marriage activists have argued vigorously that children need a mother and father .
Now a new research study shows that kids do need two parents — but that gender does n't matter .
Advertisement
The research , which also speaks to the issue of gay adoption , is summarized in the lead article of the new Journal of Marriage and Family .
Scholars , at USC and New York University , looked at a range of existing studies , including research on gay and lesbian parents , finding that it 's ideal if a child is raised by two parents who are " responsible , committed , stable , " but that the gender does n't cause radical differences .
Sociologist Timothy Biblarz of the USC College of Letters , Arts and Sciences says in a release about the study :
Significant policy decisions have been swayed by the misconception across party lines that children need both a mother and a father .
Yet , there is almost no social science research to support this claim .
One problem is that proponents of this view routinely ignore research on same - gender parents .
The bottom line is that the science shows that children raised by two same - gender parents do as well on average as children raised by two different - gender parents .
This is obviously inconsistent with the widespread claim that children must be raised by a mother and a father to do well .
Advertisement
Full scientific article available via Journal of Marriage And Family
Image via MARK RALSTON / AFP / Getty Images
In the past , having too many different screen resolutions to support was a problem for Windows Mobile developers .
For the users of Android phones , it seems like too few screen sizes could become a problem .
With Android , there are only three general screen classes : small , medium , and large .
And the trend lately among Android devices has been to have bigger and brighter screens .
When the Motorola Droid debuted last October , the device 's 3.7 " screen looked downright huge .
Yesterday , the 4 " screen on the Samsung Galaxy S and 4.3 " screen on the HTC EVO made the Droid look small by comparison .
Unfortunately , the shape of the chassis must reflect the size of the screen .
What 's happening is that we are seeing bigger , flatter phones .
Advertisement
That 's why Sony Ericsson 's Xperia X10 line is so compelling .
The X10 was one of the first Android devices with a 1 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon processor , and the first to offer a 4 " screen , but Sony Ericsson is n't using that model as a baseline to crazily push toward tablet - sized phones .
Quite the contrary , it 's using it as the biggest model in a line of phones conceptually more like the iPod .
At Mobile World Congress in February , the company announced that it was going against what most other manufacturers appeared to be doing with Android , and made their devices smaller .
In fact , now Sony Ericsson has made the smallest Android phone yet .
Last night , I got a chance to play with the Xperia X10 Mini Pro , and I was supremely impressed .
The tiny X10 Mini Pro can fit in the palm of my hand , and yet almost no usability has been sacrificed .
The chiclet keyboard is highly responsive , and though it is running an older version of Android , the UI has been totally redesigned to make it easy to use on a small screen .
Though Sony Ericsson is n't one of the hotter brands in the United States , its products are highly compelling , especially if you are looking for something outside of the standard touchphone form factor .
The Xperia X10 Mini Pro will be available in Europe in May , but sadly , no US release plans have yet been announced .
There 's been a rich debate in marine ecological circles about what happens to a key food source along rocky coastlines dominated by upwelling .
The literature is filled with studies suggesting that the larvae of simple prey organisms such as barnacles and mussels hitch a ride on the coast - to - offshore currents typical of upwelling and are thus mostly absent in the coastal tidal zones .
That theory is getting a major challenge .
In a paper in Ecological Monographs , Brown University marine ecologist Jon Witman and colleagues report that a key thread in the food web , the barnacle -- the popcorn of the sea -- flourishes in zones with vertical upwelling .
Working at an expansive range of underwater sites in the Galapagos Islands , Witman and his team found that at two subtidal depths , barnacle larvae had latched onto rock walls , despite the vertical currents .
In fact , the swifter the vertical current , the more likely the barnacles would colonize a rocky surface , the team found .
The finding " is counter to the prevailing notion about how marine communities are influenced by upwelling , " said Witman , professor of biology in the Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology .
Barnacle communities thrived in the vertical - current sites , the team also found .
The group routinely found specimens that had grown from one field season to the next to 3 centimeters ( about 1 inch ) in diameter -- " big enough to make soup out of , " Witman said .
The researchers also documented the presence of whelks and hogfish , which feast on barnacles .
This predator - prey relationship shows that vertical upwelling zones are " much more dynamic ecosystems in terms of marine organisms than previously believed , " Witman said .
Professor of Biology Witman and his team , including Brown graduate student Margarita Brandt and Franz Smith of CSIRO Marine and Atmospheric Research in Australia , chose a dozen sites of underwater cliffs , ledges and slopes along a 125 - kilometer - long transect in the Galapagos .
During three field seasons , the team bolted nearly 1,500 plates at depths of 6 and 15 meters to track the colonization of barnacle larvae and the growth of populations in areas with weak , intermediate and strong vertical upwelling .
The team also documented for the first time the strength of currents at the sampling locations , which included a dozen islands or outcrops located in the center of the archipelago .
In areas with the most vertical upwelling , the researchers found , the current moved at a brisk 0.6 meters ( 2 feet ) per second ; the weakest vertical currents were measured at 5 centimeters ( 0.2 feet ) per second .
Scientists who study coastal marine communities had assumed that prey species such as barnacles and mussels would be largely absent in vertical upwelling areas , since the larvae , which float freely in the water as they seek a surface to attach to , would more likely be swept away in the coast - to - offshore currents .
Studies of the near - surface layer of the water in rocky tidal zones confirmed that thinking .
But the field work by Witman and his group , in deeper water than previous studies , told a different tale :
Few barnacles were found on the plates in the weak upwelling zones , while plates at the strong upwelling sites were teeming with the crustaceans .
Flourishing barnacle communities were found at both the 6 - meter and 15 - meter stations , the researchers reported .
The scientists think the free - floating larvae thrive in the vertical - current zones because they are constantly being bounced against the rocky walls and eventually find a tranquil spot in micro crevices in the rock to latch on to .
" It 's a contact game , " Witman said .
The team suggests the observations could hold true for other rocky tidal ecosystems .
" We 're one of the few people doing underwater experimental ecology in the Galapagos , " said Brandt , who is Ecuadorean .
" This project is one of the first attempts to do that . "
The National Science Foundation , the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation and the private Banks Foundation funded the research .
The Prophecy is fulfilled !
Part II in the ongoing saga of how to ruin friendships with petty remarks is finally here !
I hope you all enjoy these and are able to use them to their fullest ability .
Also , I saw “ How to Train Your Dragon ” today .
It is super great and will increase your love of dragons roughly a thousandfold .
Here is proof :
omigosh Draaagons ,
Caldy
Since there is no pre-built Ubuntu package for uWSGI and the Nginx package is quite outdated , you have to build both from source .
uWSGI requires at least a 0.7.x release of Nginx .
First of all download and unpack the latest source of uWSGI and the source of Nginx to /usr / local / src / .
I created an isolated Python environment in / opt / example.com with virtualenv .
The root of my Django project throughout this example is /opt/ example.com / project / .
Getting started with uWSGI
The first step is to compile uWSGI ( make ) and copy the resulting binary to /usr / sbin / .
Now what ’s left is to setup uWSGI to run your Django application .
You have two choices to configure uWSGI , via an XML file or using Python .
I prefer the Python way , but if you would rather use XML you are free to do so .
# wsgi_app.py import sys import os sys .
path .
append ( os . path .
abspath ( os . path .
dirname ( __file__ ) ) ) os .
environ [ ' DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE ' ] = ' example.settings ' import django.core.handlers.wsgi application = django .
core .
handlers .
wsgi .
WSGIHandler ()
Normally , I put this file in the root of my Django project so that it is under version control .
Running uWSGI
uWSGI brings its own process manager but the preferred way to run your apps with uWSGI would be to use a process manager like Upstart or daemontools .
See “ Running Processes ” by Dustin Sallings for more alternatives .
This is a simple example script for use with Upstart :
# file : /etc/event.d/uwsgi_example description " uWSGI server for example.com " start on runlevel [ 2345 ] stop on runlevel [ ! 2345 ] respawn exec /usr / sbin/uwsgi \ -- home /opt/example.com / \ -- socket /var/run/example.com.sock \ -- chmod - socket \ -- module wsgi_app \ -- pythonpath /opt/example.com / project
The last line is necessary to locate the “ wsgi_app ” module if it does n’t live on your Python path .
Save this to the directory for your Upstart scripts ( on Ubuntu 8.04 this is / etc / event.d , on more recent versions / etc / init ) .
The name of this script is now used to start your uWSGI server :
$ start uwsgi_example
Compiling and Installing Nginx
Nginx does n’t support dynamic loading of modules like Apache does , so you have to select those at compile time .
I also made some choices regarding file locations but only the last line is required to make it play with uWSGI .
/usr/local/src/nginx :$ ./ configure --conf-path = /etc/nginx/nginx.conf \ > -- error-log - path = /var/log/nginx/error.log \ > -- pid-path = /var/run/nginx.pid \ > -- lock - path = /var/lock/nginx.lock \ > --http-log- path = /var/log/nginx/access.log \ > --http-client-body -temp-path = /var/lib/nginx/body \ > --http-proxy - temp-path = /var/lib/nginx / proxy \ > --http-fastcgi-temp-path = /var/lib/nginx/fastcgi \ > --with-http_stub_status_module \ > --with-http_flv_module \ > --with-http_ssl_module \ > -- sbin-path = /usr/sbin \ > -- add-module = ../uwsgi/nginx /
Have a look at the Nginx wiki which lists all available compile - time options .
Now we are ready to compile and install :
/usr/local/src/nginx :$ make && checkinstall
I also had to create some directories by hand :
$ mkdir / var / run/nginx \
/var / log/nginx \ /var / lib/nginx \ /var/lib/nginx /body \ /var/lib/nginx / proxy \ /var/lib/nginx / fastcgi
You can create a simple Upstart script or use the classical Init way to run Nginx .
If you want to use Init you should follow the steps provided by the Nginx wiki .
The location part for your Django application in your nginx .
conf should look something like :
location / { uwsgi_pass unix:///var/run/example.com.sock ; include uwsgi_params ; }
The uwsgi_params file came with the source of uWSGI and should be in / usr / local / src / uwsgi/nginx .
It must be copied over to /etc / nginx or wherever your Nginx configuration lives .
Closing Words
In my opinion uWSGI offers a simple and uncomplicated way to run your WSGI application .
It seems very fast and stable while keeping memory consumption very low .
I have n’t done any benchmarks by myself but Nicholas Piël wrote a very good article about the performance of Python WSGI servers .
If you have any questions , feel free to comment .
Yeah , simply lifting weights is going to make you drop weight , right ?
I forgot .
You can still eat like shit , drink sodas , sleep in all day - get drunk , eat candy , not hydrate , not worry about your mid section or your double chin !!
Just lift really heavy things and hope you end up like 50 cent !!!
Glad you broke that down for me duke
Federal prosecutors Wednesday filed criminal charges against a Santa Monica sushi restaurant and one of its chefs , alleging they had sold meat from an endangered whale .
The Hump , a hip hangout at Santa Monica Airport , immediately said through attorney Gary Lincenberg that it accepted “ responsibility for the wrongdoing charged by the U.S. attorney ” and would pay a fine and resolve the matter in court .
Named in the complaint , filed in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles , were Typhoon Restaurant Inc. , owner of the Hump , and chef Kiyoshiro Yamamoto , 45 , of Culver City .
The illegal sale of a marine mammal product is a misdemeanor that carries a maximum penalty of one year in prison and a maximum fine of $ 100,000 for an individual and $ 200,000 for an organization , according to the U.S. attorney ’s office .
Advertisement
The Hump came under fire after allegations surfaced in Tuesday ’s New York Times that it had served meat from an endangered sei whale , possibly straight from the trunk of a white Mercedes - Benz .
To provide evidence , federal agents and animal activists had cooperated in a video sting orchestrated by the associate producer of the Oscar - winning documentary “ The Cove . ”
“ Someone should not be able to walk into a restaurant and order a plate of an endangered species , ” U.S. Atty .
André Birotte Jr. wrote in a news release .
The revelations rattled the extensive “ green ” community in Santa Monica , which prides itself on its environmental and animal - rights credentials as well as its many foodie - rated restaurants .
Advertisement
Mark Gold , president of Heal the Bay , said he was shocked by the idea that a local restaurant would serve slices of endangered whale under the noses of so many environmentalists .
“ This is something I never thought would happen in Santa Monica , less than two miles from . . . the offices of Heal the Bay , Santa Monica Baykeeper and the NRDC [ Natural Resources Defense Council ] , ” he said .
Under the Marine Mammal Protection
Act , it is illegal to sell any kind of whale meat in the United States , and sei are listed as endangered .
Sei whales are the third - largest baleen whale , behind the blue and finback whales .
At a City Council meeting Tuesday , Councilman Kevin McKeown -- a vegetarian -- asked the city attorney ’s office to investigate whether a violation of the law would be grounds for revoking the Hump ’s business license .
Advertisement
Santa Monica Councilman Richard Bloom , chairman of the Santa Monica Bay Restoration Commission and a recent appointee to the California Coastal Commission , said the city “ will do everything in our power to make sure the situation is corrected and never happens again . ”
As it happens , the Hump ( a slang aviation term referring to the Himalayas ) and an adjacent eatery , Typhoon , are in lease negotiations with the city of Santa Monica .
That process had begun before the whale meat issue came to light .
Regardless of how the federal case proceeds , “ they have a separate legal obligation with the city , ” said spokeswoman Kate Vernez .
“ We will evaluate it and will take into account this news . ”
Zoli Ignite Teglas , who sings with the band Pennywise and is the music and outreach coordinator for the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society , a marine wildlife conservation group , said in an interview that he got a tip the Hump was serving whale meat and alerted Charles Hambleton , associate producer of “ The Cove . ”
Advertisement
Teglas said they enlisted two female animal activists -- both vegans -- and used a tiny video camera to record them as they were served a $ 600 omakase , or chef ’s choice , meal at the Hump .
The two activists asked whether they could get whale meat , and a waitress then served eight pieces of what she called “ whale , ” according to an affidavit provided by the U.S. attorney ’s office in Los Angeles .
The activists bagged samples of the meat and slipped them into a purse .
The samples were sent to Scott Baker , associate director of the highly regarded Marine Mammal Institute at Oregon State University .
Baker determined that the meat was sei whale .
Armed with a search warrant , federal officials entered the restaurant Friday night to search for evidence .
The investigation was conducted by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , with help from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , California Department of Fish and Game and U.S. Customs and Border Protection .
“ The first thing I would want to know is where the whale meat came from , ” said Councilman Bloom , adding that he expects the restaurant to issue “ a sincere , unequivocal apology . ”
Advertisement
martha.groves @latimes.com
American soldiers fighting in Afghanistan have been running into a new threat from the Taliban : snipers .
For much of the conflict , troops have had more to fear from roadside bombs than being shot , thanks to the poor marksmanship of Taliban fighters .
But some insurgents have developed improved shooting skills , while using rifles provided by the CIA more than two decades ago .
Caches of weapons confiscated by U.S. forces have revealed the Taliban are using old bolt - action Lee-Enfield rifles that the Reagan administration sent to Afghanistan in the early 1980s to help the Afghan resistance fight Soviet occupiers .
Americans also have discovered the insurgents are using British - made ammunition from World War II with the Lee-Enfields .
Getting killed by Taliban gunmen , snipers or otherwise , has not occurred in the numbers many would assume during the eight - plus years of war for Americans .
Numbers compiled by the Defense Manpower Data Center show the total is only 188 … about the number of people killed by firearms in the United States in a typical week .
- Noel Brinkerhoff
The Dub Show Tour 2010 stopped in Anaheim , California today at Angel ’s Stadium .
And of course , amongst all of the sick rides , there were an abundance of beautiful promo models .
The Pirelli Girls , Bud Light Girls and LA Kings Cheerleaders were joined by hotties from local car clubs like Nokturnal and Swift .
This is just the first batch with several more to follow .
So , check back for updates .
Our Promise
As part of our high quality service , we 'd like to offer something extra too .
Scroll down for update debunking MSM “ right - wing ” spin …
A nutball shot two security guards at a Pentagon - area Metro station in D.C. yesterday .
As Patterico reports , he hated Bush and littered the Internet with 9/11 Truther rants .
But just as I passed on playing the blame game with the global warmicides earlier this week , I ’m not playing MSNBC / NYTimes - style “ gotcha ” with this one , either .
I ’m with Zombie :
Now , just for a moment , let ’s set aside the false guilt - by - association game everyone ’s always playing .
We all know that John Patrick Bedell and Joseph Stack are basically insane , plain and simple — as are any number of similar whackjobs who periodically go loco and erupt into violence .
Violent psychopaths often incorporate some seemingly random overarching theme into their mindset , and on occasion that theme involves politics .
Whenever someone like Bedell or Stack goes ballistic , every pundit jumps into the fray and tries to spin the outburst as “ exemplifying ” the political viewpoint of those with whom the pundit disagrees .
But that only rises to the level of a valid argument when a distinct pattern emerges .
If , say , 5,000 suicide bombers in a row are invariably Islamic fundamentalists — well , OK , we ’ve got a problem with the belief system , not just with the individuals .
Yet I do n’t see a pattern in these “ going postal ” violent outbursts which seem to happen perhaps three or four times per year , every year , no matter who ’s in power or who ’s president : it seems that the “ philosophy ” ( if you can even call it that ) of each of the attackers is unique , idiosyncratic and just plain illogical .
Even so , if he starts shooting or killing when a Republican is president , he is deemed a left - wing psycho ( see : Charles Manson ) ; if he starts shooting or killing when a Democrat is president , he is deemed a right - wing psycho ( see : Joseph Stack ) .
But the truth is , paranoid people simply feel threatened by the external power structure in general , so they lash out at any symbol of authority , regardless of its political affiliation .
So , instead of playing the blame game so unapologetically employed by the Left when they feel they can spin things to their political advantage , I ’m not going to say that Bedell ’s actions at the Pentagon epitomize the leftist worldview .
Rather , he was just crazy , as clearly indicated by his belief in the craziest of modern crazy conspiracy theories , 9/11 Truthism .
Are most Truthers leftists ?
Yes .
But that does n’t mean that all left - leaning Americans are thereby just as crazy as the most extreme among them ; it simply indicates that when a leftist goes crazy in the post - 9/11 era , he often gloms onto Truthism as his paranoia of choice .
ORDER IT NOW
Put it this way : Leftism fails as a coherent philosophy on its own terms .
We should n’t try to wring significance from the delusional outburst of someone who just happened to be leftist .
There are plenty of ways to logically disembowel Marxism and its numerous noxious contemporary offspring without having to resort to an unnecessary round of political “ gotcha ! ”
Actually it 's supposed to go a little further up to about midway in the eyes !
Although I guess the curvature at the peak should be a tiny bit more round ( ?
do n't really quite know how to describe it ) .
I made this shortly after seeing the movie so at the time I was working from mostly memory , I 'm just entirely too lazy and unmotivated to change it now lol !
t2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:AN …
Quincy Jones has certainly had an interesting career .
He 's done everything from conducting Frank Sinatra 's band to producing films to fathering TV and movie star Rashida Jones .
Along the way he 's picked up a record 76 Grammy nominations " “ 26 of which he won " “ and sold millions of records .
Here are a few things you might not know about the multitalented star .
1. He Attended His Own Memorial Service
In 1974 Jones had a pair of brain aneurysms , and the prognosis was pretty grim .
Since it looked like he might not have much time left , his family and friends started planning a memorial service .
Although Jones was in poor health , he talked his neurologist into letting him attend the service , which was held at the Shrine in Los Angeles .
The doctor was worried that Jones ' health would suffer if he got too worked up during the service , so he sat next to Jones throughout the ceremony .
Jones later told Newsweek that staying calm " was hard to do with Richard Pryor , Marvin Gaye , Sarah Vaughn and Sidney Poitier singing your praises . " 
2. He Didn't Love Michael Jackson's Menagerie
Jones ' collaborations with Michael Jackson may have yielded such beloved records as Off the Wall and Thriller , but at least one thing about the King of Pop irritated Jones : Jackson 's collection of animals .
Last year Jones told Details that Jackson would often bring his boa constrictor , Muscles , into the studio and let the snake wrap itself around the producer 's leg and slither across his console .
As Jones succinctly put it , " I was never comfortable with that . " 
Here 's a great video of Jones looking a bit uneasy around Muscles :
Jones ' relationship with Jackson 's famous chimp , Bubbles , was even worse .
In the same interview with Details , Jones revealed that Bubbles once bit his daughter Rashida in the hand .
3. He Had Some Interesting TV Credits
You may know that Jones composed quite possibly the greatest TV theme song of all time for Sanford and Son , but he had some other fun TV credits , too .
Jones ' other theme song credits include In the Heat of the Night and Ironside .
He also wrote the music for the theme song for The Fresh Prince of Bel - Air , a show for which he also served as executive producer .
4. Picasso Taught Him How to Pay a Bill
In his autobiography Q , Jones writes about Pablo Picasso , who was his neighbor while Jones was living in Cannes .
Jones tells a story of being in a restaurant one day when Picasso , his wife , and a friend walked in .
Picasso's party joined Jones , and they enjoyed the restaurant 's sole meuniere .
According to Jones , when Picasso was done with his fish , he pushed the plate of bones into a window to dry for a bit , then carefully arranged them on his plate and drew on them with markers .
The end result was a neat little Picasso design .
When the check for the meal came , Picasso gave the waiter the plate of decorated fish bones instead of any cash .
According to Jones , the bones were on the restaurant 's wall by the next day , which prompted him to say that Picasso was " who I want to be when I grow up . " 
5 . He Helped Oprah Hit it Big ( Because He Liked Her Name )
After working on the film The Wiz , Jones decided to try his hand at producing movies .
He obtained the rights to Alice Walker 's The Color Purple and miraculously convinced Steve Spielberg to direct the adaptation while working for scale .
He ran into a bit of trouble casting the picture , though , when he could n't find the perfect actress to play the part of Sophia .
Then , on a trip to Chicago he saw a young reporter named Oprah Winfrey who seemed like a great fit for the part .
As Jones later wrote , " I had never heard a name like that .
Oprah spelled backward is Harpo , and we needed to cast Sophia , who was married to Harpo in The Color Purple .
It had to happen . "
That logic may seem a bit circuitous , but the casting worked out so well that Oprah earned an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actress , one of 11 nominations the film received ( though the film did not win any ) .
' 5 Things You Didn't Know About ... ' appears every Friday .
If there 's someone you 'd like to see covered , leave us a comment .
You can read the previous installments here .
News and reviews of small press comics , self - published comics , and webcomics .
Email comics@elledee.com
New archive snapshot service available
April 12th , 2010
The Debian project is proud to announce a new service , available at http://snapshot.debian.org/, a wayback machine that allows access to old packages based on dates and version numbers .
The ability to install packages and view source code from any given date can be very helpful to developers and users alike .
It provides a valuable resource for tracking down when regressions were introduced , or for providing a specific environment that a particular application may require to run .
The snapshot archive is accessible like any normal apt repository , allowing it to be easily used by all .
The snapshot service also enables administrators to install a predictable , tested set of packages by using a view of the archive on a given date .
This feature allows administrators to test an upgrade path in a staging environment and then repeat the procedure in their production environment with assurance that they are performing exactly the tested upgrade .
As the snapshot covers the entire archive and all suites this can be applied to environments that wish to track testing in a controlled manner as well as those with more stringent change control who wish to fully audit all stable updates before rolling them out .
The archive currently holds almost all [ 1 ] packages from the main and security archives since March 2005 , as well as selected additional archives like debian - volatile , debian - ports and backports.org .
This new service currently holds about 6.5 terabytes of data and will grow constantly .
Hosting of the snapshot service is provided by the Electrical and Computer Engineering department of the University of British Columbia and the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute .
Additional needed hardware was provided by Nordic Gaming .
Initial data was provided by the Debian ftp-master team as well as Fumitoshi Ukai .
About Debian
Debian GNU / Linux is a free operating system , developed by more than a thousand volunteers from all over the world who collaborate via the Internet .
Debian 's dedication to Free Software , its non-profit nature , and its open development model make it unique among GNU / Linux distributions .
The Debian project 's key strengths are its volunteer base , its dedication to the Debian Social Contract , and its commitment to provide the best operating system possible .
Contact Information :
For further information , please visit the Debian web pages at https://www.debian.org/ or send mail to < press@debian.org >.
[ 1 ]
Some packages have been removed due to license issues since they were first shipped .
FOCUSED ON YOUR DEFENSE
​
At Anderson Law Firm , P.A. , we focus almost exclusively on criminal defense .
We are dedicated to getting you results .
We have a track record for success , we know the laws and we know defense strategies that work .
We serve a wide range of clientele , and value every client relationship greatly .
Each engagement benefits from the depth and breadth of our expertise .
​
We approach every client with a focus on integrity , advocacy , and understanding . ​​
WE FIGHT FOR YOU !
The Espresso Book Machine®
Meet the Espresso Book Machine ( EBM ) , the patented technology that can make a paperback book in minutes , at point of sale .
By bringing print - on - demand capability to the brick and mortar retailer , the EBM allows customers to get what they want , where they want , when they want it .
Drawing from the EspressNet® digital catalog of content , the EBM has access to millions of in - copyright and public domain titles .
So instead of ordering an out of stock title from the publisher and waiting days for delivery , the EBM can print it while the customer waits .
People can also use the EBM to print their own work , from school projects to novels to family histories .
Espresso Book Machine Animated Short
Espresso Book Machine Video
How you work on a smartphone is very different from how you work on a desktop computer .
This reality is particularly true when it comes to multitasking .
The approach to multitasking taken by Google 's Android and Apple 's upcoming iPhone 4.0 is also very different .
Here 's how they compare .
Desktop Multitasking
On a desktop system running Mac OS X , you do n't just want to have multiple apps open and running , each with its own set of open windows .
You also want lots of stuff happening in the background , because otherwise your expensive CPU and GPUs are just sitting there idle when they could be doing useful stuff .
Over the last decade of Mac OS X's development , Apple has added lots of new technologies to keep the processors working .
The operating system debuted in 2001 with a fancy new compositing graphics engine , which with each new release kept giving the CPU ( and later GPUs ) additional busy work to do in the background , from shadows to translucency to reflections .
Mac OS
X also has Spotlight indexing happening at regular intervals , and throws in automatic file system defragmentation and Time Machine backup change tracking as files are accessed , just to mention a few background features .
The faster Macs get , the more extra background tasks the system can throw at the various available processor cores without causing ( hopefully ) any discernible slowdown for the foreground app .
Many of the new improvements in Snow Leopard were centered around managing how to most efficiently parcel tasks out to the various processor cores available in the system ( Grand Central Dispatch ) and taking novel advantage of the often idle GPU ( OpenCL ) .
The more a desktop operating system does in the background , the richer the experience it can offer .
Mobile Multitasking
When the iPhone appeared and debuted Apple 's first mobile variant of Mac OS X , the design goals for the new operating system were turned completely upside down .
When a system has to run off its own limited battery , you do n't really want it to be doing lots of stuff in the background at all .
You really want everything to be idle as much of the time as possible .
Of course , there 's still lots that needs to be done , and in many cases , even more to do than a typical desktop .
For example , there 's a constant need to watch for incoming phone calls or SMS messages .
This means the baseband unit has to constantly track the nearest cell tower with an acceptable signal in order to be ready to accept incoming calls or messages .
Power management certainly was n't an entirely new idea ; Apple had been selling notebooks for nearly twenty years , and had created increasingly sophisticated methods for shutting down unnecessary hardware to conserve battery life .
But on a handheld mobile device like the iPhone , there 's not just hardware power management to think about .
There 's also a radically new user interface for working with apps .
Apple invested a lot of engineering into deciding how to best deliver a mobile device that balanced features and functionality with acceptable battery life .
Not Multitasking on Purpose
A major design decision of the iPhone was to limit effective multitasking to core system apps , including Phone , SMS , iPod , Clock , and processes that supported these and similar features .
When third party apps appeared with iPhone 2.0 , there was no provision for running these in the background .
Apple 's explanation was that enabling third party apps to run concurrently would simply consume too much battery while presenting potential security problems , and would necessitate providing a manual tool to manage background processes so that they did n't consume all available system resources .
Instead , Apple said it was working on a solution to the primary reason apps would want to run in the background : listening for external updates .
Apple 's strategy was delivered later than expected as it realized what a huge undertaking this would be , but the resulting Push Notification service enabled iPhone apps to seem responsive to external updates without actually running in the background , constantly polling servers for updates .
There was no technical limitation that kept third party apps from multitasking ; the restriction was artificially imposed by Apple to simplify and optimize the performance of its mobile devices .
By jailbreaking the iPhone , users can activate unregulated multitasking among third party apps .
However , this results in battery life and performance issues the user will need to manage manually .
Apparent Multitasking
Google created multitasking for Android that works very differently than multitasking on a desktop system .
In fact , they 're so different that its almost confusing that both are referred to using the same word .
On a desktop system , multiple apps all open at once ( in addition to background processes ) are all able to do work concurrently .
As the mouse moves between windows of different apps and clicks on things , events are sent to each app .
They 're all on and active , although tasks can sit in the background and essentially do nothing , taking up no real processing power and consuming no real memory ( thanks to the mechanism of virtual memory ) until the user activates them .
On Android , when a user switches from one app to another , the background app is suspended .
This is like going into a coma ; it 's still taking up memory ( which is scarce ) but can't respond to anything or continue work or begin any new tasks .
If the system runs low on memory , it begins saving the state of suspended apps and terminating them .
Terminated apps still appear to be running .
When the user jumps to the app , it is relaunched and passed its saved state by the system so that it loads up to look like nothing ever happened and it has been actively running in the background .
So far , this is n't really multitasking at all , but rather just a faster way to switch between apps that each run one at a time like the iPhone .
On page 2 of 3 : Multitasking in iPhone 4.0 vs Android .
Costly Multitasking with Services
In order to actually do things in the background , Android apps must supply a " service " component , which spins off tasks that can continue even when the associated app is suspended .
An Android service uses a client / server model to perform background tasks such as music playback or polling a server for new messages .
It 's often these background services that are most likely to eat up battery life on Android phones , because they can open network connections to a remote server and keep those connections open .
This forces the 3G or WiFi radio to remain constantly active , which is one of the fastest ways to drain the battery on a mobile device .
An Android service can also activate GPS to obtain regular location updates .
This can be even more expensive in terms of battery life , as GPS exercises both the mobile network and the GPS antenna ( as mobile signals are used to assist in the task of GPS tracking ) .
Services can also eat up available RAM and consume CPU , but battery life is usually the primary problem .
Multitasking in iPhone 4.0 vs. Android
Apple was certainly aware of how Google had designed Android 's multitasking model , and there 's no evidence that Google patented the concept of services in its publicly documented , open source operating system .
So the fact that Apple did n't clone Google 's entire model for multitasking indicates that Steve Jobs was n't just blowing hot air when he said Apple had studied the problem and devised its own approach to multitasking that it believed to be better .
At the same time , some aspects of Apple 's new multitasking APIs are very similar in approach to Android's .
According to an overview of the differences in Android and iPhone 4.0 by David Quintana , the " apparent multitasking " of iPhone 4.0 , which Apple calls " Fast App Switching , " is nearly identical to Android 's app suspending concept described above .
When you switch from one app to another in iPhone 4.0 , the previous app is held in memory but all activity is frozen .
As noted earlier , this is n't really multitasking in the sense of desktop OS multitasking , but rather just an illusion that multiple apps are all running , when they 're really not .
They 're just ready to run again as soon as you switch back : hence the name Fast App Switching .
Before Apple announced this mechanism , many iPhone programmers had expressed the idea that the system did n't really need " multitasking " as much as a " saved state " concept that would allow users to rapidly switch between apps .
That 's exactly what Fast App Switching does .
Just as with Android , iPhone 4.0 can reclaim memory by saving and then terminating apps that are frozen in the background , so when the user returns , the app can be reopened to the same place it was when the user quit .
However , unlike Android , iPhone 4.0 presents a simple way to expressly quit a running app without needing a process management utility like TasKiller .
Because hitting the Home button no longer exits the app , Apple has now made a touch and hold shortcut that presents a red minus badge on running apps that can be used to quit them and remove them from the task tray of running apps , just like the Home button used to do .
There 's no manual management of apps and systems processes that could result in unanticipated problems for users .
Incidentally , this type of " apparent multitasking " is also what Microsoft plans to use in Windows Phone 7 at the end of the year .
And once again for emphasis : this aspect of multitasking is n't really about running multiple apps at once as occurs in a desktop environment , it 's about leaving them in memory so you can quickly switch between them .
More Efficient Multitasking in iPhone 4.0
Going beyond the apparent multitasking of Windows Phone 7 , iPhone 4.0 will also support a specific set of tasks in third party apps that users will actually want to continue in the background after they leave an app .
This is conceptually similar to Android 's services , but is implemented in a new way .
As Quintana writes , on iPhone 4.0 " background processing is however vastly different than Android . "
A primary difference , Quintana notes , is that there is no concept of services in iPhone 4.0 .
Apps do n't provide a background client / server component .
Instead ,
Apple developed a set of rules that apps must follow in order to continue doing tasks after the user switches away from the app .
The idea of apps continuing to work after the user switches away is not new to the iPhone ; it 's only new to third party apps .
Apple 's
Phone app already does this , as the company has long touted in its ads .
With a call in progress , the user can hit the Home button and browse the web or look up a contact or check email while the Phone app remains on the call .
The same thing happens with the iPod app , which can continue to play music .
SMS and Mail continue to get messages in the background and so on .
However , this would quickly become a problem for users if all of the scores of apps they installed were all consuming resources without restriction as they checked for messages and streamed updates and continued other operations in the background .
In order to balance users ' desires to do multiple things at once against users ' expectations that their phone would work responsively for a reasonably long period of time , Apple defined a number of background tasks that third parties can implement , and set up rules that ensure these tasks are performed as efficiently as possible .
System - Wide Notifications as a Prerequisite for Efficient Multitasking
The first step down this path was delivered last year : Push Notifications .
Rather than having apps sit in the background or spawning background services to poll remote servers for updates , Apple created a system wide service to efficiently listen for updates on behalf of the user 's apps , and then present the user with notifications that the user then can act on ( when convenient ) by launching or switching to the app that has received the notification .
This is something other platforms do n't really have in place .
Even RIM's
Blackberry , which is hailed for its push messaging savvy , has only recently opened up a public push messaging facility for third party apps .
The result of this is that most Blackberry apps have already been designed to inefficiently poll their server for updates because unregulated multitasking was already there to allow them to do it " the wrong way . "
Users pay with shorter battery life .
Android apps similarly cause problems for users ' battery life because they 're each polling in the background rather than allowing a unified system thread to watch for updates while the individual apps all remain asleep .
Apple 's Push Notification feature therefore thoughtfully solved a complex problem before multitasking for third party apps was even attempted on the platform .
With iPhone 4.0 , there 's a second type of system level notification being added : Local Notifications .
This mechanism allows apps to set reminders on a schedule that the system handles for them .
Rather than being events that are pushed from an external server , they 're set up by an app while it 's awake , and then held and delivered on time by the system while the app sleeps .
An example might be an app that sets a reminder of a live webcast ; the app does n't need to remain in the background counting down to the notification ; the system accepts the reminder and delivers it to the user at the set time on behalf of the app while the app itself goes to sleep .
On page 3 of 3 : Getting things done in the background , reasons for multitasking differently .
Getting Things Done in the Background
While it 's most efficient to have apps sleep , there are a few cases where an app actually needs to do something in the background .
The most obvious involves finishing some time - consuming task such as a file upload .
Users do n't want to be forced to watch a progress indicator , which is what they currently have to do .
Right now , if a user quits a third party app while it 's finishing an operation , the operation will fail because the app is forced to quit by the system .
Apple 's own apps , including Mail and SMS , can continue to send messages after the user appears to have quit the app , but that 's because Apple 's own bundled apps are n't forced to quit .
Other apps are .
To accommodate this type of multitasking in iPhone 4.0 , Apple added the Task Completion API , a feature that enables app developers to design their app so that it can request a specific amount of time to continue a task after the app is supposed to be put to sleep in the background .
Once the app finishes its task or its requested time period expires , the system suspends the app as usual .
Three Special Background Tasks : VoIP , Audio , and Location
There are three other multitasking scenarios Apple supports in iPhone 4.0 which are related to ongoing tasks an app might want to do .
This mechanism of granting exceptions to the " one app at a time " model for specific types of apps was anticipated in AppleInsider 's earlier coverage of the development of multitasking in the iPhone OS .
The first exception API allows apps to work like the bundled Phone app : being able to accept calls and continue a call while other apps are being used .
Only Apple 's
Phone app can place mobile calls , so this feature is called Voice over IP , as it's designed to support calls placed over an Internet connection using an app like Skype .
In order to make use of this new background VoIP mechanism , an app registers with the system and can then be suspended while the system maintains a network socket listening for incoming VoIP calls .
When a call request occurs , the system wakes up the VoIP app and transfers it control of the network connection to service the call .
A second scenario is similar to the built - in iPod app : Background Audio .
This allows apps such as Pandora to request the ability to continue playing a music stream even when it is not in the foreground .
Apple ties the same background playback controller used for iPod to the app that has requested the use of the new Background Audio facility .
A third scenario for multitasking involves regular location updates .
The new Background Location serves two types of apps that use location data : GPS apps that supply driving directions and social networking apps that use the user 's location to notify their friends or suggest nearby events .
In the first case , Apple allows apps devoted to driving directions ( like TomTom ) to remain awake and access GPS in order to provide audible directions even when the app is put into the background .
This would normally drain the battery pretty quickly , but most people who are using GPS do so in a car with a kit that supplies constant power .
On the other hand , social networking apps such as Loopt similarly need to know the user 's location in order to be useful , but are not typically used in a car kit .
If they used GPS , they 'd nail the iPhone 's battery pretty rapidly just to offer a lightweight service of limited value .
In order to support these types of services efficiently , Background Location supplies them with data the phone already gets on a regular basis every time the user moves between mobile cell towers .
This update happens when the user moves between 500 and 1000 meters .
When a location change is noted , the system wakes the app , updates its location , provides it with a period of time to process the change , and then suspends it again .
This gets around the battery taxing use of GPS while still allowing these types of apps to work without constantly being in the foreground ( as is currently the case on the iPhone ) .
Reasons for Multitasking Differently
In addition to increased efficiency , Apple 's approach to regulated multitasking allows for simplified compatibility between devices like the iPhone 3G , which wo n't support multitasking , and more recent devices that do .
Apps that take advantage of the new APIs simply request the ability to do things in the background , so if the hardware does n't support it the requests are just denied by the operating system .
Google 's approach with services requires a new model of client / server components .
If Apple had copied that , developers would have to create one set of apps for older devices and an entirely different code base of apps for newer ones , a complex and problematic transition step given that Apple already has a vast library of existing titles in the App Store .
Additionally , much of what developers do with services on Android is already handled by the iPhone OS with Push Notifications .
So implementing an Android - like services architecture for iPhone 4.0 would suggest to Android developers wanting to port their apps that they should do so using services rather than the more efficient Push Notifications , creating a problem like the one that exists on the Blackberry , where push features are largely ignored and go unused .
Unified development tools : Clang , LLVM and Xcode
This also all leads to the conclusion that Apple 's design for incorporating multitasking features in iPhone 4.0 is all about doing what 's best for the iPhone OS platform , rather than trying to create compatibility or similarities with other platforms that do things differently .
It should come as no surprise that Apple is not at all interested in making it easy or simple to port apps between the iPhone OS and other platforms .
Doing so would only water down the advantages of the iPhone OS and encourage developers to aim at a lowest common denominator that worked across platforms rather than aspiring to take full advantage of the unique features of the iPhone OS .
This is the same reason why Apple has no interest in supporting Flash or Java as a meta- platform on the iPhone , and also why the company does not want to support third party efforts to create development tools that output iPhone apps .
The Flash Professional strategy Adobe hoped to roll out will not offer its users the ability to support iPhone 4.0's multitasking features , Adobe would not be able to rapidly add these features as soon as Apple would like , nor would it necessarily even be in Adobe 's interest to add them .
Apple 's new prohibition of iPhone 4.0 development in languages other than C , C++ and Objective - C was largely seen as an attack on external development tools like Adobe 's Flash CS5 .
However , observers including Rainer Brockerhoff have since noted that Apple 's focus on C languages likely has more to do with the company strategy for optimizing iPhone OS development using Clang .
Clang ( short for " C Language " ) is an open source project Apple funded to serve as a new front end compiler for ( unsurprisingly ) C , C++ and Objective - C code .
Clang connects to LLVM , the Low Level Virtual Machine , which serves as the back end compiler for Apple 's Xcode development tool for both Mac OS X and iPhone OS .
The combination of Clang and LLVM effectively replaces GCC ( GNU Compiler Collection , the GPL - licensed compiler for Unix - like operating systems ) .
Because Apple 's replacement compiler tool chain is licensed under the more permissive BSD license , Apple can integrate it more closely into its Xcode Integrated Development Environment .
Additionally , Clang and LLVM enable Apple to better optimize various steps of the code compiling workflow , creating Mac and iPhone apps that are more efficient , faster , more compact , and easier to debug , due to a variety of optimizations and enhancements that the flexible , modular new compiling tools provide over GCC .
Charges of fraud brought against banking titan Goldman Sachs by the Securities and Exchange Commission rocked financial markets Friday , but experts say the allegations are merely the first of many to come , Reuters reported .
After the SEC went public with the allegations , the Dow Jones dropped 125 points and Goldman Sachs stocks dropped 13 percent Ã¢â‚¬â€ the largest one - day drop in company history .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ This is just the tip of the iceberg , ” said James Hackney , a professor at Northeastern University School of Law .
“ There are a lot of folks out there in different deals who played similar roles , and once it starts building steam , plaintiffs ’ lawyers will figure out this is where the money is and there should be a lot of action . ”
Reuters Global editor at large Chrystia Freeland said the significance of the charges is “ huge . ”
Goldman Sachs ’ members like to think of themselves as “ the smartest , the richest , ” but Freeland said they also like to think of themselves as the “ most virtuous . ”
“ Someone once said , ‘ I do n’t want to be just another rich guy in New York , ' ” she recalled .
“ They want o be part of civil service , part of government , doing good , giving back . ”
The charges against Goldman relate to a complex investment tied to the performance of pools of risky mortgages .
In a complaint filed Friday , the Securities and Exchange Commission alleged that Goldman marketed the package to investors without disclosing a major conflict of interest :
The pools were picked by another client , a prominent hedge fund that was betting the housing bubble would burst .
ADVERTISEMENT
Goldman said the charges are “ unfounded in law and fact , ” the Associated Press reported .
In a written response to the charges , the bank said it had provided “ extensive disclosure ” to investors and that the largest investor had selected the portfolio – not the hedge fund client .
Goldman said it lost $ 90 million on the deal , but the fact that Goldman lost money has no impact on the fraud charges .
Goldman Sachs was not the only bank to pursue the practices that brought on the SEC charges .
It was n’t uncommon in 2006 and 2007 .
At the tail end of the real estate bubble , smart investors searched for bigger and better ways to profit from the approaching disaster of using derivatives .
The SEC ’s charges against Goldman Sachs are already stirring up investors who lost big , according to plaintiffs lawyer Jake Zamansky .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I ’ve been contacted by Goldman customers to bring lawsuits to recover their losses , ” Zamansky said .
For President Obama ’s push to reform Wall Street financial practices , the allegations could n’t have come at a better time .
As the Los Angeles Times put it :
ADVERTISEMENT
The accusations against the iconic Wall Street institution offer a chance to revitalize a simple political narrative that he has all but lost in recent months : that he and his party are protecting ordinary Americans victimized by the economic meltdown .
All 41 Senate Republicans declared their unanimous opposition to financial reform in a Friday letter to Majority Leader Harry Reid .
But Reuters editor Freeland said Republicans are going to have a much tougher time convincing Americans that immediate financial reform is n’t necessary after the SEC ’s charges .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I think now that there has been a lot of momentum behind the financial reform bill , and I think that that momentum is only going to increase , ” Freeland said .
“ The charges on Friday will give the Democrats who wanted a tougher bill a lot more energy . ”
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
* Kyrgyz interim government says state coffers empty
* Russia to lend $ 30 million and supply $ 20 million grant
* PM Putin says financial aid could be increased
* Finance and fuel will help Kyrgyz farmers
( Adds quotes , details , background )
By Gleb Bryanski
MOSCOW , April 14 ( Reuters ) - Russia agreed on Wednesday to supply $ 50 million in aid and loans to Kyrgyzstan after the interim leadership of the Central Asian republic said state coffers were empty following the overthrow of the president .
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , the first senior official to contact ex-Soviet Kyrgyzstan ’s provisional leadership after last week ’s uprising , offered money and fuel to help the impoverished nation fund its next harvest .
“ The provisional government says the coffers are bare , that the old leadership stole the lot , ” Putin said after several ministers in his government met the visiting Kyrgyz delegation .
“ We must support our friends . ”
Russia has moved quickly to establish relations with the interim leadership of Kyrgyzstan , which assumed power after an uprising on April 7 .
At least 84 people were killed and 1,600 more injured when troops fired into a crowd of demonstrators .
Putin rang Roza Otunbayeva to offer Russian assistance less than 24 hours after she dissolved parliament and said she was in charge of Kyrgyzstan , where a third of the 5.3 million population lives below the poverty line .
The United States , which operates a military base on Kyrgyz soil to support NATO operations in Afghanistan , also sent Assistant Secretary of State Robert Blake to Bishkek on Wednesday in a sign of the big power rivalries in the region .
Moscow - educated Otunbayeva sent her deputy to Moscow for talks with the Russian government .
Moscow ’s pledge was only a third of the $ 150 million that Almazbek Atambayev had said he would request , though Putin said the amount could be increased .
Russia , which also has an air base in the country , has sought to evict U.S. interests in Central Asia , an area between China , Afghanistan and the Caspian Sea that was under Moscow ’s rule when the Soviet Union existed .
Alexei Kudrin , Russia ’s finance minister , said the financial package would comprise a $ 20 million grant and a $ 30 million loan from state - run Russian Agriculture Bank , at preferential interest rates .
Igor Sechin , a powerful deputy to Putin who oversees the energy sector , said Russian oil companies would send 25,000 tonnes of refined products to Kyrgyzstan .
This would mainly be used to fuel tractors and allow the country to sow crops .
Kyrgyzstan ’s main crops are wheat , barley , cotton and maize .
The ministers did not specify whether Russia would supply the oil products free of charge , or whether the loans would be used to pay for the fuel .
< ^ ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ ^
For a full menu of stories , click on [ nLDE6360UW ]
For a graphic , click www.dinkylink.co.uk/kyrgyz186
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ >
( Writing by Robin Paxton ; Editing by Sonya Hepinstall )
IC reverse engineering and other adventures
Integrated circuit reverse engineering musings .
As I try different things , a brain dump of what went well and what did n't .
Last post by mbarnhar in ISO 2019 Naish Thrust Su ... on September 29 , 2020 , 01:35:21 PM
Buy , Sell and Trade SUP and Foil Gear .
Out with the old ... You know the rest .
Last post by PonoBill in Re : Electric Surf Vehicl ... on September 28 , 2020 , 09:15:52 PM
Interesting topics that do n't fit with the typical Stand Up Paddle or Foil specific stuff .
Stand Up Paddle Surfing and foiling destinations and travel resource topics .
Last post by Chaser in Re : 2020 Virtual Cape Co... on July 18 , 2020 , 07:15:51 AM
When , what , where , who 's bringing the beer ?
All things flow to the sea .
Posts on enviromental issues go here .
Get fit for Stand Up Paddling or Foiling
Ready to fire up the planer and shape yourself a new Stand Up Paddle Board or Foiler ?
Give and get advice on shaping and shop skills .
Last post by oakfish in Re : Post - worthy shark ti ... on September 30 , 2020 , 07:33:11 AM
Share it with the whole Zone .
Foiling with a windsurfing rig .
So Sick !
This is the spot .
Last post by PonoBill in Re : Fred Hope on July 15 , 2020 , 08:31:03 AM
Lay down and lift off .
Prone , Surf and Pump Foiling goes here .
Last post by liv2surf in Re : Cabrinha Crosswing v... on September 30 , 2020 , 03:30:47 PM
Here is a new hybrid of Windsurfing , Kiting , SUP and foiling ( or not ) .
Wingfoiling ( windfoiling or wing surfing , whatever name eventually sticks ) is just getting started .
It has a lot of interest and enthusiasm from wind and water lovers .
Here is a new area to discuss it .
Last post by PonoBill in Re : E foil on September 30 , 2020 , 08:51:51 AM
SUP Foil Surfing , Downwind on a Foil SUP , General Foiling
SUP General General topics about Stand Up Paddle Surfing .
112064 Posts
7928 Topics Last post by surfercook
in Re : Two For Teddy
on September 29 , 2020 , 08:20:17 PM
Gear Talk Stand Up Paddle Surfing Gear is changing quickly .
What have you tried ?
How 's it working ?
Need help ?
Ask here .
106707 Posts
8049 Topics Last post by LoudounSUP
in Re : 2020 Starboard Sprin ...
on September 29 , 2020 , 04:28:06 AM
Technique
How is it done ?
If it involves Paddle Surfing , Downwinder , Racing , Touring or Training tips , this is the spot .
11806 Posts
740 Topics Last post by burchas
in Re : The Concept of " Run " ...
on September 19 , 2020 , 07:39:50 PM
Sessions
Was your last outing too good not to share ?
Do n't hold back .
SUP Session stories , photos and videos go here .
17657 Posts
2234 Topics Last post by Beasho
in Re : The Last of the Trop ...
on September 30 , 2020 , 12:54:39 PM
Wind Powered Using your SUP board for Windsurfing or Kiting ?
This is the spot .
1787 Posts
168 Topics Last post by jpeter
in Wind SUP is still alive
on September 12 , 2020 , 06:19:00 PM
Whitewater and River SUP Gear , safety , techniques and sessions specific to river paddling .
1871 Posts
324 Topics Last post by fredi
in Whitewater WindSUP
on September 16 , 2019 , 01:50:53 AM
SUP Safety Stand Up Paddle Safety - PFD's , Buddy System , Whistle , Swimming Lessons , Leashes , Common Sense 241 Posts
19 Topics Last post by Wetstuff
in Re : Leash Safety Loop
on June 30 , 2019 , 10:24:44 AM
Regional Stand Up Paddling near you !
Discuss SUP in your area .
Find people to paddle with .
8194 Posts
999 Topics Last post by SanoSlatchSup
in Re : Hydrofoiling the Riv ...
on September 19 , 2020 , 07:43:35 AM
Today , to much fanfare , the administration released its ridiculous $ 3 + trillion budget ( we say + because at that size the one thing certain is that the budget will certainly never hit the target and while we wish it would be lower , we are certain it will end up materially higher ) , which consists of a " short " 192 - page summary section and a 1420 page appendix .
We are confident that not one politician will read the whole thing from cover to cover .
We wo n't either .
Not because we do n't care about what 's in it , but because we are much more concerned with what is not included , namely $ 2.8 Trillion and $ 1.9 Trillion of MBS guaranteed portfolios at Fannie and Freddie , and an additional $ 782 billion and $ 809 billion in company debt outstanding for the two GSEs , respectively .
This amounts to a total of $ 6.3 trillion in liabilities which should be counted toward the budget .
And yet , oddly , the error - checker somehow made this rather justifiable omission : after all if we were to look at a number which written out looks as follows $ 6,264,000,000,000.00 , we would also probably just avoid it - it is somewhat difficult to hide a number that big even in the 1,420 pages of the budget 's appendix .
That 's ok , we are here to remind them about the omission , and also to remind Mr. Orszag , who himself , in that long ago 2008 , espoused that these companies should be put on the Federal Budget .
Is n't it strange what one and a half years worth of realizations just how broken beyond repair the system is , will do to one 's convictions ?
Let 's remind our readers of what then - CBO director Peter Orszag said on September 8 , 2008 , at the press conference announcing the conservatorship of the bankrupt mortgage titans .
Below we transcribe the relevant Q&A :
QUESTION : ( OFF - MIKE ) completely incorporated into the federal budget ?
ORSZAG : What I — what I said was it is our view that at this point they should be incorporated into the federal budget , that we intend to do that in our January baseline and that with regard to the budget of the United States , which is put together by the administration ’s Office of Management and Budget , that — the treatment therein will obviously be up to OMB , but it is our hope that working with the budget committees and OMB we can have a consistent treatment between our baseline and their budget .
QUESTION : This may be a little repetitive , but can you give — and if — if you do what you just said you would do , incorporating the mortgage companies into the federal budget directly , can you estimate at all the impact on federal receipts and federal outlays ?
ORSZAG : I do n’t — I could but I do n’t want to .
And the reason is that — is that again that can depend very sensitively — there is a lot of mortgage - backed security activity , and it can depend a lot on how this tension between whether if you buy a hundred - dollar ’s worth of mortgage - backed securities that is scored as a hundred dollars in spending or whether that ’s evaluated at its subsidy value , the numbers can be dramatically different .
So I ’m — until we reach judgment on , in particular , that issue but a few others , it ’s premature for me to give you the raw ( ph ) numbers .
Christian ( ph ) and then ( inaudible ) .
QUESTION : Sure , but just in a conceptual sense , though , you are ruling that — that Fannie and Freddie are now part of the public sector .
They ’re now part of the government .
They are in effect nationalized .
ORSZAG : We are saying that the degree of control exercised by the federal government over these entities is so strong that the best treatment is to incorporate them into the federal budget .
Alas now - White House budget director is singing a radically different tune .
According to a statement from the administration : " The administration continues to monitor the situation of the GSEs closely and will continue to provide updates on considerations for longer - term reform of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac as appropriate . "
We hope this update will come at least a few days before America files for bankruptcy .
Oh , and what is this difference in MBS scoring between " spending " and " subsidy value . "
Could we maybe please got some color on which of these two concepts applied to the nearly $ 100 billion in MBS sales initiatied by Bill Gross , with the US taxpayer as an unwitting buyer .
As there may have been some confusion as to the magnitude of the numbers we are discussing here , we are providing a break down of total GSE debt introduced just a few days ago by Neil Barofsky .
As readers can see , we are not talking about just any paltry amount : the most recent US total debt balance was $ 12.222 trillion .
It would seem a little presumptuous that an amount representing more than half of the total US sovereign debt is conveniently swept under the rug .
And with the omission from the Federal Budget , America 's population once again has absolutely no visibility into the real fiscal costs associated with the government 's support for the Debtor Nation Sponsored Entities ( aka DeNSEs ) .
Not only that , but at some point we really should have a discussion over just what the delicate transition from the existing " conserved " [ sic ] status to a full nationalization and permanent US debt onboarding .
Because otherwise the ignorant morts may think that the Federal Reserve was responsible for purchasing just $ 300 billion worth of US debt , when in reality , courtesy of what should have been a Budget liability , the Bernanke policy will have been responsible for purchasing essentially $ 1.7 trillion worth of US securities .
And the whole MBS - UST rotation by China , PIMCO and everyone else who was clever enough to hold the worst possible security around , would just have been a little more formalized than assorted discussions in the fringe media .
Luckily for the administration , today 's budget provided absolutely no color , and further confirmed that Orzsag is nothing but a pure - blood hypocrite who says whether is suitable for the occasion .
Seeing how the Volcker plan is about to be retracted , we reserve judgment for the President until such time as he formally announces his prop trading ban was simply the result of an HFT algorithm gone amok in his telepromter .
But we digress .
As for the whole " GSE - reform " thing , the administration will do it soon .
Not today ...
But soon .
After all : what is 40 % of GDP ?
Bernanke can print that in like 2 days .
What we do know , is that recently the Treasury formally gave itself unlimited bailout capacity as pertains to the GSEs , once again making the case that in the grand scheme of things Treasury and GSEs liabilities are essentially the same concept .
Of course , the public's , media's , and assorted CDS traders ' reactions , were they to suddenly uncover that the US debt - to - GDP is actually more like 130 % than 90 % , would be quite amusing .
We also know that by this action the administration has avoided the recognition of about $ 100 billion in cash outlays compared to the prior CBO estimate .
Oh yes , we almost forgot how self - congratulatory the Treasury was when it announced that its January - March and March - June quarter borrowing needs would be lower than expected .
What we definitely know is that we now live in a system where delusion is the norm : we have an administration that willfully and consistently deludes its population from representing just how bad our economic debacle really is , and we have a population , that willfully and consistently is happy to accept lies and delusions from every media and administrative outlet , and in turn deludes the administration that it will pays it taxes , or not walk away from yet another underwater mortgage .
Rinse .
Repeat .
What we are positive , is that this arrangement of mutual delusion will persist will spectacular success .
Until it does n't .
The incredible ambition of the Large Hadron Collider has fired our imagination ; physicists have become cult TV stars ; dramatic new pictures from space grace a million computer screensavers .
Is this a golden age of science ?
Brian Cox , Physicist
Over the last few years , I have definitely noticed a shift in the public 's attitude towards science : from viewing it as a useful sideline in society – a valuable pursuit for the boffinous few , that ultimately looks after itself – to a cause worth fighting for , which has the power to change society for the better .
No sensible person or politician has ever argued that science is not useful , but many take its contribution for granted .
Did you know , for example , that Britain 's entire science budget was £ 3.3 bn last year , out of a total government spend of £ 621bn ?
And that physics - based industry alone contributes 6.4 % of our GDP – comparable to the much vaunted and rather more costly financial services sector – yet no party is committed to protecting it after the next election ?
A growing appreciation of the low - cost , high - value and good old - fashioned solidity of science and engineering relative to finance has , I believe , contributed to the new public mood , but as with all paradigmatic cultural shifts , there is more to it .
Simon Singh 's libel tussle with the British Chiropractic Association has brought together an unusual alliance of comedians and scientists in support of a broad , rationalist agenda .
The Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) has been a rollercoaster ride of success and engineering difficulty , but the sheer ambition and scale of the project has fired the imagination of many .
The dramatic pictures of the Martian surface from the Opportunity and Spirit rovers , and the unparallelled beauty of Saturn and its moons as seen by the ongoing Cassini mission , grace a million computer screensavers .
This confluence of factors has seeded a fragile but strengthening movement .
There is a desire to look to the tangible world of science and engineering to replace the perceived smoke and mirrors of the financial sector .
There is a recognition that the real world , revealed to us by machines such as the LHC and Cassini , is more rich , beautiful and satisfying than the vacuous meanderings of pseudoscience – and a realisation that we must fight for science and rationality in our society if we want to preserve them , because they are both fragile and immensely valuable .
If my unscientific feeling is right , then these gentle shifts may herald a new golden age of science in the UK , simply because we , as a society , want it to happen .
Brian Cox is professor of particle physics at the University of Manchester , and works at Cern 's Large Hadron Collider
Martin Rees , Astronomer
Science should n't be just for scientists , and there are encouraging signs that it is becoming more pervasive in culture and the media .
Spectacular images from space , and the razzmatazz of the LHC , have broadened public awareness of the fundamental mysteries of the cosmos and the microworld .
The Darwin anniversary year raised the cultural profile of science .
And technology , in symbiosis with science , advances at an unprecedented rate .
Computer power grows according to Moore 's law , as does the sophistication of handheld devices .
But there is a quite different technology that 's advancing even faster : genome sequencing .
This is now a million times cheaper than 10 years ago .
Its spinoffs – post - genomic science – could be as astonishing as those from the microchip have been in the last two decades .
What will surely enhance everyone 's focus on science is the imperative to provide energy and food for a world population destined to rise to nine billion by mid-century .
This challenge will be aggravated by climate change – so climate science needs better data , and modelling that can reliably predict regional impacts .
And sustainable agriculture , in a world of water shortages and climate change , requires new technologies – genetic modification among them .
We also need to preserve biodiversity and prevent a " sixth extinction " .
Where in the world will the leading - edge science be done ?
The internet has levelled the playing field , allowing far more people to participate .
And the world 's intellectual capital will be increasingly concentrated in east Asia .
In these countries , science is prominent on politicans ' radar screens – as it is in some western countries .
The US , France , Germany and Canada have all responded to the financial crisis by boosting rather than cutting their science funding .
The UK has not .
In the last decade , government policies strengthened our science base .
But it will be in jeopardy if other countries become more attractive to mobile talent .
Leadership , once lost , would be hard to recover in a " scientific century " , when other nations are forging ahead .
Martin Rees is the astronomer royal , and president of the Royal Society
Alok Jha , Science writer
On the morning of 30 March , as the LHC finally geared up to collide protons with an energy that had not been witnessed in the universe since moments after the big bang , Twitter was ablaze with excitement .
" First time in the history !!!!!!!!!!!!
World record !!!!!!!! " tweeted the physicists in the Cern control room , as the particle beams reached full power .
" Pardon me , LHC up and running now .
I expect a Higgs Boson by teatime , " said realbillbailey .
Elektr0nika was also impatient for Cern to locate the fundamental particle that confers mass on to everything else : " Come on , Higgs - Boson .
If Ricky Martin can come out , you can do it , too . "
Hundreds of messages an hour relayed , commented on and celebrated the biggest science experiment in the world , built to examine the most abstract and fundamental science imaginable .
That morning , particle physics was the coolest thing on the planet .
The Cern laboratory , near Geneva , is no stranger to the internet .
Back in 1989 , this is where Tim Berners - Lee wrote the computer code that gave birth to the world wide web – but even he would have struggled to predict how this would alter the way science is done and , importantly , talked about .
Blogs , Twitter , Facebook , Digg and countless other social networks have given anyone interested in science ( a group far wider than just the scientific community ) a faster and easier way to share the best ideas , and find like - minded people to geek on about some favourite subject .
Scientists have always spoken to each other , of course , but these networks mean they can speak direct to everyone else , too .
For years they had to watch , probably in deep frustration , as ill - informed journalists would make mincemeat of their carefully crafted research .
With their own blogs and social networking tools to spread and discuss their ideas , they could tell their side of the story , unfettered by space restrictions or misunderstandings .
Within an hour of Cern 's announcement that it had reached full power , a new profile had appeared on Twitter .
HiggsMatter 's first message : " Hello world ! "
Alok Jha is a science and environment correspondent at the Guardian
Kevin Fong , Astrophysicist
Things change .
When I was at college at the start of the 1990s , being an astrophysicist was something one did n't readily own up to .
The government took a dim view , too .
Science for the sake of knowledge was seen as an anachronism : good enough for Newton and Einstein , but useless to the needs of the modern British economy .
And while this mindset persists today among some in the Westminster bubble , the tide of public opinion has turned .
Maybe people needed something they could rely upon for a change ; something more dependable than their banks and politicians .
Maybe it 's the long awaited backlash against Simon Cowell culture : careers in science being the perfect antithesis to his snake - oil formula of instant fame and vast wealth without effort .
It might simply be that many of yesteryear 's übernerds have become today 's multibillionaire tech gurus .
Or that the fabric of the digital age , which underweaves everything from our trading desks to home entertainment , was a throwaway gift , stumbled upon by some folk while they were about the business of colliding subatomic particles at Cern .
This is science 's time .
The community is stronger than ever and more vocal , all in pursuit of a single goal – to make the world understand what Einstein always knew ; that curiosity has its own reason for existing .
Kevin Fong is honorary senior lecturer in physiology at University College London
Dara O Briain , Comedian
I think most of the credit for science getting cool has to go to Gillian McKeith .
The rise of the " poo lady " , as Ben Goldacre calls her , was probably the point at which a lot of nerds , such as myself , cried out : " Enough !
This bullshit has got to stop ! "
Hand - in - hand with the exciting advances in proper science , there has been an explosion in the public 's hunger for some proper rational thinking , and an end to the unfettered rubbish being unquestioningly allowed into our culture .
There was a large and previously quiet majority out there , growing increasingly tired of the parade of psychics , nutritionists , astrologers and homeopaths sitting on couches on daytime telly spouting off .
This constituency has now found its voice , whether on blogs or in events such as Robin Ince 's Nine Carols and Lessons for Godless People – originally started as a celebration of an atheist Christmas but which , because of demand , became a week - long , sell - out festival of rationalism and science instead .
" Nerdstock " , as I like to call it , is probably the only gig I can open by shouting " what 's e to the i pi ? " and get the correct answer from the crowd .
It 's also a chance for comedians like Ricky Gervais and Tim Minchin to share a bill with Richard Dawkins and Brian Cox , and for audiences to enjoy them equally .
Even in my normal theatre shows , though , crowds are unfazed by more technical information .
I followed up my initial McKeith routine with a longer piece in my 2008 tour on evidence - based medicine versus quackery .
This year 's show manages to draw in Neutrinos , the hormone Oxytocin and the efficacy of chiropracty on infants ; all without coming close to scaring the crowds away .
There are a whole new generation of real scientific communicators to explain this stuff properly ; Jim Al - Khalili on quantum physics ; Marcus du Sautoy on mathematics , Alice Roberts on anthropology .
My experience simply illustrates that audiences are more than happy to handle the " difficult " stuff .
Thanks , Gillian .
Dara O Briain is a comedian and Guardian columnist
Tim Radford , Science writer
Every moment in science has seemed bigger than the last for more than 40 years .
When the Beatles sang Love Me Do in 1963 , there was an argument for a big - bang moment of creation , but also for an eternal , steady - state universe .
And there was no satisfactory explanation as to why the continents seemed to have migrated around the planet , crashing into each other like dodgem cars for the last few billion years .
Yet by the time the Beatles tuned in with Eleanor Rigby in 1966 , both problems had been settled .
Now , in little more than half a lifetime , physicists have a confident , although not necessarily correct , history of the universe for the last 13.7bn years – with some amazing mysteries in the first trillionth of a second , when the universe was about the size of a beachball .
( It was to tackle these that thousands of physicists lobbied for the LHC . )
Also in the mid-1960s , geologists , geophysicists and planetary scientists began assembling a complete theory of the Earth , which accounted for sea shells in the Alps , fossilised trees in Antarctica , and earthquakes in Japan .
In the same decades , medical scientists extinguished smallpox , all but obliterated polio , and extended life expectancy even for the poorest nations .
Geneticists sequenced DNA , confirmed it as a universal code of life , and used it to create new treatments , solve crimes , and even confirm at least one hitherto unknown recent human species .
What has happened in computing and communications in the last five decades has exceeded anyone 's wildest dreams ; and while space exploration has n't quite caught up with the fantasies of Dan Dare or Star Trek , the rewards so far have been spectacular .
So now is always more astonishing than then .
But right now ?
When a quarter of all Americans still cannot grasp the genius of Darwin , thus rejecting all the supporting evidence from physics , biology , physiology , genetics , geology , palaeontology and even astronomy ?
While very influential politicians and commentators feel free to reject two decades of consistent research into climate change from thousands of competing meteorologists , oceanographers , naturalists and glaciologists ?
How cool can science be , when so many feel so lukewarm ?
Tim Radford was science editor of the Guardian until 2005
Sam Wollaston , TV critic
It 's certainly appears to be science 's big moment on the telly .
Bang Goes the Theory on BBC1 is doing it for the kids , testing things by blowing them up , hands - on – so much more fun than Tomorrow 's World ever was ; like Top Gear with a white coat and safety specs .
And just as science reacts to Top Gear , so Top Gear reacts to science ( Newton 's third law of motion ) , with Richard Hammond exploring his Invisible Worlds ( also on BBC1 ) , zooming in and zooming in some more so he can write his name on the platelet of a human hair .
For the more advanced , BBC4 has been taking things beyond GCSE level .
Jim Al - Khalili , a physicist , confusingly ( these pointyheads are very adaptable ) , did his fascinating Chemistry : A Volatile History .
And Sadeq Saba made a lovely programme about Omar Khayyam .
That 's a brave commission in the era of Celebrity Love Island : a profile of a Persian astronomer and mathematician who lived nearly 1,000 years ago .
Then , pitched somewhere between Hammond and Al - Khalili , at AS level difficulty , is Brian Cox .
Chris Evans described his Wonders of the Solar System series as " literally the best hour of TV I have ever seen " , and the BBC has already commissioned a followup .
But TV's new love of science is n't just about dedicated science programmes .
It 's already well established in crime ( CSI , Waking the Dead ) , is creeping into drama ( Breaking Bad ) , even cooking ( Heston Blumenthal ) .
It 's not just Brian Cox who 's ( maybe ) cool , it 's science itself .
Sam Wollaston is TV critic for the Guardian
Laura Spinney , Science writer
A country 's visibility on the international science scene is measured by its publications in high - impact , peer - reviewed journals .
Given that Britain has reaped more of those in the last decade than it strictly deserves , based on its share of global science funding , the view from abroad is that for a small island , it has a big output .
It has an important advantage , of course : English is the language of science .
But it 's a tenuous advantage : currently , it 's Mandarin - speakers who struggle to translate novel concepts in molecular biology into English , but it could be the other way round .
The Labour government deserves a lot of the credit for the UK being on such a roll , having steadily increased science funding since it took power in 1997 .
But how long will it last ?
Not all British talent is homegrown .
The national debt is bigger in relation to its GDP than that of the US or Japan – other scientific leaders – and any future government is likely to make cuts , whichever party forms it .
That will make it harder for British universities to attract foreign stars .
It does n't help that the UK is still perceived as a bad place to do animal research , because of its powerful animal rights lobby , or that British libel laws are less supportive of free speech than those of , say , the US .
On the whole , though , Britain has a lot to be proud of .
For decades , scientists tried and failed to shed their fusty old egghead image , then along came CSI , and they became cool .
What was it about forensic science that glinted and caught TV 's eye ?
Probably DNA profiling .
And who invented that ?
A Brit .
Laura Spinney is a science journalist and novelist
Ian Sample , Science writer
One morning this January , hundreds of people gathered outside branches of Boots , the chemists , to wolf down bottles of pills they had bought in the stores .
None of the mob suffered an overdose , and that was the point the event sought to drive home .
The pills were homeopathic and contained no active ingredients .
Boots admits to having no evidence the pills work , but makes a tidy profit selling them to people who think they do .
The campaign began in Merseyside , but thanks to a network of self - professed sceptics and the reach of the internet , it quickly became national .
And then international .
The mass non-overdose in Liverpool was mirrored in Edinburgh , London , Bristol , Madrid , Perth , Sydney and elsewhere .
Did Boots change its ways ?
Of course not .
Was the protest a waste of time ?
Not at all .
Video clips of people cheerfully munching expensive placebos went viral .
Who knows , perhaps one or two folk learned more about what they were getting from their high - street pharmacists .
A few more may have cottoned on to the value of evidence .
In everything .
And this is the reason to celebrate .
We are in a golden age of scepticism , and that is a triumph for science and society .
Sceptics , many of whom are scientists themselves , have become emboldened thanks to a handful of high - profile cheerleaders , and the world is a better place for it .
They are watchful and influential .
The government – so fond of proclaiming its dedication to evidence - based policy making – has been taken to task for wasting millions on flawed studies ; ignoring scientific evidence on drugs , and allowing scientists and science journalists to be silenced by inappropriate libel cases .
The war is afoot on other fronts .
Multinational companies have been embarrassed into dropping unsubstantiated claims from their advertising campaigns .
The media , with its consistently dreadful record on scientific accuracy , is mauled for every transgression .
All of this is good .
People will always profit from peddling nonsense , but MPs , PRs , CEOs , quacks and journalists are now being challenged by a rising army of sceptics .
And they wo n't have the wool pulled over their eyes .
Ian Sample is the Guardian 's science correspondent
Alice Roberts , Anatomist
It is very difficult to decide whether science is enjoying a golden moment right now .
It 's probably something we 'll only be able to gauge a few years from now , with the benefit of hindsight .
The pursuit of science helps satisfy our curiosity about the world around us , our place within it , and ourselves .
But it also provides real , physical benefits , underpinning medicine , for example , and providing a foundation for our industry and economy .
But we also need to accept that science and technology can create problems for us - certainly , there are valid concerns about how we as a society view , fund , and use it .
We all need to have a basic understanding of science , yet I think our education system still encourages us to think of ourselves as either " artists " or " scientists " .
If society is to be engaged with making decisions about science and technology , then we all need to be scientifically literate .
And scientists need to engage with the public – in fact , this is an obligation , as most research is publicly funded .
We seem to have been getting very mixed messages from the government about the value of science to our society .
On the one hand , it has launched a campaign to show us that science is important , yet it has also tried to manoeuvre scientists into rubber - stamping political decisions , and has got rid of them if they wo n't – as we saw with the very public dismissal of its chief drug adviser , David Nutt .
And of course , there has been the recent announcement of cuts in higher education .
In the run-up to the election , it will be interesting to see what the various parties promise us when it comes to science funding and education .
And I 'll make up my mind about whether it's been a golden age for science in a few years ' time .
Alice Roberts is an anatomist , author and broadcaster
You can't help it .
It 's a reflex .
You stick out your hand when you fall — it 's better to stop the descent with your palm than your face , right ?
That 's fine when you 're ambling down the street , but add an extra 80 mph and the weight of a motorcycle to the momentum equation and the bones in your paw might not take the strain very well .
They could shift , buckle — even snap .
What you need is an exoskeleton .
If you know Tony Stark , you might be able to get something custom .
For the rest of us , there 's the Knox Handroid , a Kevlar - , kangaroo - hide - , and , yes , exoskeleton - reinforced motorcycle gauntlet .
Thermoplastic urethane spines run down the outside of each finger and flex with your digits .
To keep the armor in place , a ratchet system cinches 19 strands of stainless steel wire , spreading the pressure across your entire forearm .
Then , when the pavement tries to persuade your bones to move beyond their comfort zone , the Handroid answers no .
That 's the reflex you 're looking for .
American Stan Kroenke has increased his stake in Arsenal and is nearing a compulsory takeover bid .
Stan Kroenke just ten shares shy of compulsory takeover bid
American businessman Stan Kroenke has increased his stake in Arsenal and is nearing a compulsory takeover bid .
Premier League giants Arsenal , bidding for a 14th top flight title this season , announced on Friday that Kroenke had acquired seven more shares at a cost of £ 8,500 each .
The real estate tycoon now owns 29.9 per cent of the Emirates outfit and must , by regulation , make an offer for the remaining shares in Arsenal Holdings plc should he obtain 30 % .
The American is just 10 shares shy of reaching that mark and is believed to be keen on strengthening his ownership of the club .
Should Kroenke , who also owns a 40 % stake in American Football franchise St. Louis Rams , manage to acquire more than 50 % of the shares in Arsenal he will gain legal control of the club .
Believed to have a wealth in excess of £ 1.8 billion , the 62 - year - old can purchase the remaining shares of the club if he reaches 90 % .
Magnetar
1 ) A neutron star with an intense magnetic field , capable of emitting toxic radiation across galaxies
2 ) A hedge fund , the single market player most responsible for the severity of the 2008 financial crisis , through the toxic instruments it created
Rahm Emanuel
1 ) White House Chief of Staff
2 ) Politician selected by Magnetar ’s CEO to be sole recipient of his political donations , 2006 - 2008
Strange as it may seem , nearly three years after the onset of the global financial crisis , its greatest , most destructive , and most profitable “ it ought to have been a crime ” has gone almost entirely unnoticed .
Most people believe that they understand the broad outlines of the financial crisis , and that a central element was an explosion in mortgages made to people who could not afford them .
But how did such destructive behavior occur on such a large scale ?
The conventional view is that the subprime mortgage blowup resulted from bank
executives being short - sighted , greedy , or both .
But that simple story deters inquiry into how and why this disaster came to pass .
Some recognize that the appetite for subprime mortgages seemed to come from investors .
In fact , it resulted in a large degree from the way traders at certain large banks used subprime mortgages in a strategy to make their profits seem much larger than they actually were .
The effect of this “ negative basis trade ” strategy was to overpay employees of those banks and consequently eviscerate the banks ’ abilities to withstand future economic uncertainty .
The appetite for subprime mortgages was also inflated by people who were betting that the housing market would fail .
Moreover , the devastation wrought by this strategy remains virtually a secret .
The fact that it has been almost invisible and appears to have been entirely legal , demonstrates a set of vexing problems .
First , that investigations of the crisis have not delved deeply enough , and second , that the deregulation so keenly sought by the financial services industry has made activities legal that by any common - sense standard should be criminal .
But the sponsors of this toxic trade did bother to make sure they had a powerful friend .
The head of the firm in question gave substantial amounts of money by political contribution standards to Rahm Emanuel ’s PACs , and only his PACs , over the period when these transactions were in play .
The moving force behind a brilliant and devastating subprime short strategy was a heretofore unknown Chicago hedge fund , Magnetar , headed by Alec Litowitz , formerly of the hedge fund behemoth Citadel .
Our studies indicate that Magnetar alone accounted for between 35 % and 60 % of demand for subprime mortgages in the year 2006 .
This is how their strategy worked in detail .
The ruse at the heart of their transactions was creating subprime ( so called “ mezz ” or mezzanine ) collateralized debt obligations by investing in the riskiest layer , the so - called equity tranche .
This kind of CDO consisted almost entirely of not just any subprime risk , but that of the dodgiest layer that could be sold short , the BBB tranches , via a combination of actual bonds and credit default swaps .
But Magnetar ’s true objective was not to invest in this toxic waste , which its role as funder of the CDO would lead most to believe .
While Magnetar paid roughly 5 % of the total deal value for its equity stake , it took a much bigger short position by acting as a protection buyer on some of the credit default swaps created by these same CDOs .
This insurance in turn was artificially cheap because over 80 % of the deal was rated AAA .
Most investors did not understand what Magnetar recognized : this concentrated exposure to the very riskiest type of bond associated with risky mortgage borrowers , each of these CDOs was a binary bet .
It would either work out ( in which case Magnetar would still show a thin profit ) or it would fail completely , giving Magnetar an enormous profit and wiping out even the AAA investors who mistakenly believed they were protected by having other investors sit below them and take losses first .
Thus the AAA investors were only earning AAA returns for BBB risk .
As the equity investor , Magnetar could further stack the deck in its favor through the influence it gained over the deals ’ parameters .
It was able to ensure that the CDOs held particularly dubious BBB exposures , and pushed for , and often got , “ triggerless ” structures , which stripped away another protection most deals had .
When CDOs start to show significant losses , the payments to the lower - tier investors , including the equity tranche , are cut or halted to defend the AAA layer , much the way the human body , when exposed to severe cold , will restrict blood flow from the extremities to save the brain and organs .
But triggerless deals , even as they started to fail , kept paying the lower tranche holders , including , in this case , Magnetar itself .
While these transactions may sound similar to the widely decried Goldman synthetic CDO program , Abacus , by which the firm went short various real estate exposures , effectively dumping the risk on customers , the Magnetar program was not only much larger , but also produced far more devastating systemic consequences , thanks to the distinctive structure of its CDOs .
As I explain at greater length in my book ECONNED : How Unenlightened Self Interest Undermined Democracy and Corrupted Capitalism , the use of cash bonds turned mezz CDOs from a dumping ground for otherwise unsellable mortgage bond risk to a breeding ground for demand .
Ex Magnetar - inspired appetite , it is hard to find an explanation for the widely - discussed phenomenon of 2006 and 2007 , of the mortgage securitization pipeline screaming for more subprime product , precisely when Federal Reserve interest rate increases should have stanched demand for risky loans above all others .
Market participants have estimated that Magnetar ’s CDOs drove over 50 % of demand for subprime bonds during the market ’s toxic phase , 2006 and 2007 .
With the input of a team including professionals who have worked on some of these trades , ECONNED , we ’ve performed repeated , conservative analyses that indicate the true figure is probably at least 35 % of demand , and perhaps as high as 60 % .
And that ’s before allowing for the fact that Magnetar ’s strategy was imitated by the proprietary trading desks of major dealers .
And for good reason .
Magnetar made billions , some observers contend as much as subprime kingpin John Paulson , whose fund earned over $ 20 billion on its short strategy .
And the hedge fund ’s cagey bet on Rahm ?
Litowitz and his wife had never before made significant political donations .
In 2005 , they started giving to Rahm and his PACs , and only PACs connected to Rahm , just before the Magnetar CDO program began , and continued through the first quarter of 2008 , when the trade would have started to pay out handsomely .
The Litowitzs gave a total of $ 8,000 to Emanuel and $ 10,000 to his Our Common Values PAC in May 2005 .
In 2006 and 2007 , they contributed $ 51,700 to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , while Emanuel was chairman .
We have been advised by individuals involved in political fundraising that the amounts given would be considered significant , and the way the payments were distributed across the PACs is sophisticated .
Put it another way : this money was not given impersonally .
But this troubling connection should be no surprise .
Rahm has long been a favorite of the hedge funds , having raised more money from them than any Senator not running for President .
Not surprisingly , he has been a staunch supporter of the financial services industry , and is widely credited with playing a key role in securing passage of the TARP after its initial defeat .
As the Magnetar - Rahm connection highlights , Obama raised more money from financial services players than any previous presidential candidate , so it can hardly be a surprise that he and his minions are happy to give the industry a free pass .
Key policy figures maintain that no one was at fault , that there was a pervasive lack of regulation , and there are therefore no bad actors .
That party line also means that destructive behavior is and will remain unquestioned , unexamined , uncorrected , and unpunished .
We are still paying for the costs of the financial train wreck of 2007 and 2008 .
We can no longer afford the costs of willful blindness .
Addendum :
Hat tip to Corrente who posted on this relationship on April 11 , and finally prodded us to post our writeup of this story .
We worked closely with Moe Tkacik on the story she put up on DailyFinance and took down , and had held off publishing our version pending her releasing her final version .
Ignoring Clay 's significant role in Harold 's life , the county continued to treat Harold like he had no family and went to court seeking the power to make financial decisions on his behalf .
Outrageously , the county represented to the judge that Clay was merely Harold 's " roommate . "
The court denied their efforts , but did grant the county limited access to one of Harold 's bank accounts to pay for his care .
One evening , Harold fell down the front steps of their home and was taken to the hospital .
Based on their medical directives alone , Clay should have been consulted in Harold 's care from the first moment .
Tragically , county and health care workers instead refused to allow Clay to see Harold in the hospital .
The county then ultimately went one step further by isolating the couple from each other , placing the men in separate nursing homes .
Clay and his partner of 20 years , Harold , lived in California .
Clay and Harold made diligent efforts to protect their legal rights , and had their legal paperwork in place -- wills , powers of attorney , and medical directives , all naming each other .
Harold was 88 years old and in frail medical condition , but still living at home with Clay , 77 , who was in good health .
Without authority , without determining the value of Clay and Harold 's possessions accumulated over the course of their 20 years together or making any effort to determine which items belonged to whom , the county took everything Harold and Clay owned and auctioned off all of their belongings .
Adding further insult to grave injury , the county removed Clay from his home and confined him to a nursing home against his will .
The county workers then terminated Clay and Harold 's lease and surrendered the home they had shared for many years to the landlord .
Three months after he was hospitalized , Harold died in the nursing home .
Because of the county 's actions , Clay missed the final months he should have had with his partner of 20 years .
Compounding this tragedy , Clay has literally nothing left of the home he had shared with Harold or the life he was living up until the day that Harold fell , because he has been unable to recover any of his property .
The only memento Clay has is a photo album that Harold painstakingly put together for Clay during the last three months of his life .
With the help of a dedicated and persistent court - appointed attorney , Anne Dennis of Santa Rosa , Clay was finally released from the nursing home .
Ms. Dennis , along with Stephen O'Neill and Margaret Flynn of Tarkington , O'Neill , Barrack & Chong , now represent Clay in a lawsuit against the county , the auction company , and the nursing home , with technical assistance from NCLR .
A trial date has been set for July 16 , 2010 in the Superior Court for the County of Sonoma .
Read more about NCLR 's Elder Law Project .
Are you disturbed by the story of how Clay Greene was treated by the County ?
Please blog about this , pass it on over Facebook or Twitter , just do whatever you can to help raise the visibility of what happened to Clay .
Send a letter to the local paper , the Santa Rosa Press Democrat at [ email protected ] .
Send them this link to NCLR 's page .
Want to stay up to date on this case ?
Follow NCLR and Bilerico Project on Twitter .
4-20-10 Editor 's Note : After hundreds of comments seeking more details , Kate has written a profile of the two men that published today : " Meet Harold and Clay "
At Democracy Now ! , Prof. Normal Finkelstein discusses the comments of Israeli President Binyamin Netanyahu and U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton at this week ’s annual American Israel Public Affairs Committee conference in Washington , D.C. where Israel reaffirmed its defiance of international law and basic decency with the U.S. reaffirming its unconditional allegiance with the criminal Israeli government .
Prof . Finkelstein also discusses his new book on the Gaza Massacre of 2009 - 10 , the expansion of illegal U.S. aid too Israel as a reward for slaughtering and occupying Palestinians , interprets objective analysis of international law regarding Israel ’s crimes and American Radical : The Trials of Norman Finkelstein — the documentary on his life .
For the record , I ’m one of those who told Prof .
Finkelstein the film is an extremely accurate description of him and recommend any moral agent to watch it .
23 Mar 2010 | Democracy Now !
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told attendees at the AIPAC onference on Monday that the US commitment to Israel is “ rock - solid ” but Clinton did criticize Israel for continuing to build settlements in occupied East Jerusalem .
In a defiant speech hours after Clinton ’s address , Netanyahu rejected US criticism and vowed to continue building settlements .
We speak with Norman Finkelstein , author of the new book , This Time We Went Too Far : Truth & Consequences of the Gaza Invasion .
Guest :
Norman Finkelstein , author of several books on the Israel Palestine conflict .
His latest is This Time We Went Too Far : Truth & Consequences of the Gaza Invasion .
It ’s available only at OrBooks.com .
He is also the subject of a new documentary titled American Radical : the trials of Norman Finkelstein .
Part One ( 7:10 ) :
Part Two ( 9:02 ) :
The rest of this interview is a web exclusive found here .
We ’ll update this post when it ’s available on YouTube ..
( h/t : ThisBoyTV )
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS : Healthcare is not the only issue on President Obama ’s agenda today .
He ’s also scheduled to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House .
Last night Netanyahu delivered a defiant speech before an AIPAC conference .
That ’s the American Israel Public Affairs Committee .
Netanyahu vowed to continue expanding settlements in occupied East Jerusalem despite criticism from the Obama White House .
PRIME MINISTER BENJAMIN NETANYAHU : Ladies and gentlemen , the connection between the Jewish people and the land of Israel can not be denied .
The connection between the Jewish people and Jerusalem can not be denied .
The Jewish people were building Jerusalem 3,000 years ago , and the Jewish people are building Jerusalem today .
Jerusalem is not a settlement .
It ’s our capital .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
Hours before Netanyahu spoke at the AIPAC conference , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told AIPAC attendees that the US commitment to Israel ’s security and Israel ’s future is rock - solid .
But Clinton did criticize Israel for continuing to build settlements in occupied East Jerusalem .
HILLARY CLINTON : New construction in East Jerusalem or the West Bank undermines that mutual trust and endangers the proximity talks that are the first step toward the full negotiations that both sides say they want and need .
And it exposes daylight between Israel and the United States that others in the region hope to exploit .
It undermines America ’s unique ability to play a role , an essential role , in the peace process .
Our credibility in this process depends in part on our willingness to praise both sides when they ’re courageous and when we do n’t agree to say so and say so unequivocally .
AMY GOODMAN : We ’re joined now here in studio by scholar and writer Norman Finkelstein .
He ’s author of a number of books on the Israel - Palestine conflict .
His latest is being released this week .
It ’s called This Time We Went Too Far : Truth and Consequences of the Gaza Invasion .
Norman Finkelstein is also the subject of a new documentary called American Radical : The Trials of Norman Finkelstein .
Norman , welcome to Democracy Now !
NORMAN FINKELSTEIN : Thank you .
AMY GOODMAN : First , respond to what , well , both Secretary of State Clinton and the Israeli Prime Minister said , Secretary of State Clinton actually criticizing Israel .
Did that surprise you ?
NORMAN FINKELSTEIN :
It did n’t really surprise me .
I think one has to look at the framework of the criticism .
There is an international law ruling or opinion on the question of East Jerusalem .
In July 2004 , the highest judicial body in the world , the International Court of Justice , it rendered what it called its advisory opinion , and it stated unequivocally that East Jerusalem is — and I ’m using its words — “ occupied Palestinian territory . ”
It ’s not a question here of conflicting claims to Jerusalem , let alone an Israeli exclusive right to the East Jerusalem .
The law is clear : it ’s occupied Palestinian territory , because it was acquired in the course of a war , in the course of the June 1967 war .
And under international law , it ’s inadmissible to acquire territory by war .
I would want to add that ’s the position of all human rights organizations , and it was the position of the Goldstone report .
The Goldstone report repeatedly refers to East Jerusalem as occupied Palestinian territory .
And Mr. Goldstone , by his own reckoning , is a Zionist , a lover of Israel .
But he also respects the law , and the law is clear .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
Well , let ’s talk about the Goldstone report .
You write about this extensively in the epilogue of your book .
Israel and the US have both rejected that the war crimes allegations in the report .
Talk about what the report is , who put together , Judge Goldstone , and what the reaction from the US and Israel has been .
NORMAN FINKELSTEIN : The Goldstone report was mandated by the United Nations Human Rights Council .
Richard Goldstone , the distinguished international jurist , led the mission .
And he — at the end , they published a quite substantial report that ran to some 500 pages , 550 pages .
It covered a lot of ground .
And it has to be said , it was quite devastating in its indictment of Israel .
It concluded that Israel used a disproportionate force to punish , humiliate and terrorize a civilian population .
Well , Israel was outraged by the report , across the spectrum , not just the right wing , but people like Shimon Peres , who ’s said to be a dove .
He called Richard Goldstone a “ small man ” who knows nothing about international law .
Michael Oren , the Israeli ambassador to the United States , said the Goldstone report is worse than the Protocols of the Elders of Zion and worse than Ahmadinejad .
And the reaction was quite similar in the United States .
And Goldstein replied after the criticism in the US .
He said , “ OK , you say the report is deeply flawed .
Show me where . ”
And to this day — and I ’ve read all the critiques .
There have been three major ones , one by this Israeli and American professor Moshe Halbertal , there was one by Professor Dershowitz of Harvard , and the Israelis put out just last week a 500 - page rebuttal .
And I tried honestly to look at it objectively , but they were very insubstantial responses .
I was quite impressed by how well Goldstone has held up to the criticism .
It was a very careful , cautious and judicious report .
AMY GOODMAN : And its conclusion ?
NORMAN FINKELSTEIN :
Its conclusion was that both Israel and Hamas were guilty of war crimes and possible crimes against humanity , that Israel has now an obligation to investigate , in an independent investigation of what happened , and if they do n’t conduct an independent investigation , they have to go before the International Criminal Court .
AMY GOODMAN : And Obama ’s response to this ?
NORMAN FINKELSTEIN : The Obama administration has called the report deeply flawed , but not provided any substantive evidence to support that claim .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
And this latest flap between the US and Israel about the expanding Jewish housing in East Jerusalem , it ’s been a lot about diplomatic ties , but they have not talked at all about holding any US military aid or economic aid to Israel .
Talk about the level of aid to Israel .
In fact , Hillary Clinton extolled the fact that it ’s increased in 2010 military aid to Israel .
NORMAN FINKELSTEIN :
Well , I ’m sure all of your listeners and your viewers are familiar with the magnitude of US aid to Israel .
I think the important development is what Amnesty International said after the invasion of Gaza .
It put out a very substantial report called “ Fueling Conflict . ”
And it said that transferring weapons to a consistent violator of human rights is illegal under international law .
Israel is a consistent violator of human rights , and therefore there has to be a comprehensive arms embargo on Israel .
And the report went into each country in the world , how it supplies and transfers weapons to Israel .
But it has to be said , the focus was on the United States .
And Amnesty International said three main things : number one , that the US is by far the biggest supplier of weapons to Israel ; number two , supplying those weapons to Israel is not only illegal under international law , it ’s illegal under domestic US law ; and number three , it said — and I think it ’s important for your viewers to hear it — Amnesty International said what happened in Gaza could — and they describe what happened in Gaza as twenty - two days of death and destruction — what happened in Gaza could not have happened were it not for US taxpayer money .
If you ’re appalled by what happened in Gaza , you ’re appalled by the death , the destruction , the systematic attack on mosques , the systematic attack on ambulances , the systematic attack on hospitals , on schools —
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
And these were detailed in the Goldstone report ?
NORMAN FINKELSTEIN : Yes .
The 6,000 homes which were all either completely or nearly completely destroyed , Amnesty International says all of that was paid for with US taxpayer money .
And now along comes Hillary Clinton , and she ’s extolling US military aid to Israel .
The part that she left out is , number one , it ’s all illegal under international and domestic US law , and number two , it was that US aid that made possible — you have to bear in mind — I know your program chronicled the use of the white phosphorus — every white phosphorus shell they found — you can see it in the Human Rights Watch report on the white phosphorus — every one was made in the United States .
We are responsible for that war .
It ’s not just a cliché .
It ’s a factual matter .
We made that massacre happen .
AMY GOODMAN : This Time We Went Too Far is the name of your new book out this week .
NORMAN FINKELSTEIN : Mm-hmm .
AMY GOODMAN : A quote .
NORMAN FINKELSTEIN : Yeah , the quote comes from the Israeli columnist Gideon Levy , and I think it captured the essence of the book , namely that Israel crossed a threshold with what it did in Gaza , because it was actually — in the past , you can say Israeli conflicts with its neighbors had both a military component and a component that targeted civilians .
Usually the target — the component that targeted civilians was on par or even larger than the component of military engagement .
But Gaza was not about a — it ’s not a war , because there was no military engagement .
As one of Israel ’s strategic analysts said , there was no war in Gaza .
There were no battles in Gaza .
And Israel conducted or executed a massacre against a defenseless civilian population , and it became indefensible .
And that ’s why , to this day — quite a lot of time has already elapsed , and you would think people had forgotten about the Gaza massacre .
It ’s already a year and a half .
People ’s memories are short .
But they can ’t — Israel has been unable to escape the shadow , the ghost of Gaza , in part because they went too far and in part because of the Goldstone report , because typically Israel uses the slurs of anti-Semite , Holocaust denier , self - hating Jew , in order to discredit the critics of its policies .
But with Richard Goldstone , given his background — a Zionist , a lover of Israel , sits on the Board of Governors of the Hebrew University in Jerusalem , his mother was an activist in the Zionist movement , his daughter did Aliyah to Israel — those slurs just did n’t —
AMY GOODMAN : Moved to Israel .
NORMAN FINKELSTEIN : Yeah — those slurs just did n’t stick with Goldstone .
And actually , Netanyahu , in one of his speeches , he said one of our three biggest challenges — he listed first the threat posed by Iran , and the second biggest challenge that he listed was the Goldstone report .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
Well , Norman , speaking of criticism of people who criticize Israeli foreign policy , there ’s a new documentary about you called American Radical : The Trials of Norman Finkelstein .
I want to turn to a clip of it .
This bit talks about how the Israeli - Palestinian conflict first piqued your interest .
NORMAN FINKELSTEIN :
My first involvement publicly and politically with the Israel - Palestine conflict was the Israeli invasion of Lebanon in June 1982 .
The estimates are , you know , somewhere around 20,000 Palestinian Lebanese , overwhelmingly civilians , were killed .
Immediately as the war began , I started to demonstrate outside the Israeli consulate right off 42nd Street .
I was out there every day , every night , and I had a big poster which read , “ This son of survivors of the Warsaw Ghetto , Auschwitz and Majdanek will not be silent .
Israeli Nazis , stop the Holocaust in Lebanon . ”
I did manage to get all of that on one poster .
And so , I started to read voraciously on the Israel - Palestine conflict .
SHARIF ABDEL KOUDDOUS :
That ’s an excerpt of the new documentary American Radical : The Trials of Norman Finkelstein .
Norman , your thoughts about this movie ?
And also , talk about your own family ’s history .
It ’s very interesting .
It goes through , talks about your parents , both Holocaust survivors .
And also , if you can talk about Benjamin Netanyahu referencing the Holocaust yesterday in his speech to AIPAC ?
NORMAN FINKELSTEIN :
Well , I ’ve not actually seen the movie , but those who are close friends of mine and did see it — most of them , not all , but most of them — thought it was an accurate depiction of me , for better or for worse .
It ’s like the Chinese proverb : now you live in interesting times .
I ’m not sure if that ’s a compliment or not , but they say it ’s accurate .
My parents obviously had a huge impact on me , especially morally .
My mother was very smart , but she did not like to discuss war in intellectual terms , because she felt to intellectualize it was somehow to not capture the horror of what war was .
So during , let ’s say , the Vietnam War , when we used to watch Firing Line and there would be debates between William Buckley and John Kenneth Galbraith or William Buckley and — well , the fellow ’s name just slips my mind , but — and then they would , at the end of the debate , they would get up and shake hands and pat each other on the back , and it was like — for my mother , it was so appalling .
You ’re debating life and death and dropping napalm on kids , and then at the end you just get up and shake hands like it ’s not serious .
So , at that point in my life , I found it very hard to talk rationally about war .
And I felt it was a betrayal of my parents to have intellectual debates about it .
And I think until I started to read Professor Chomsky ’s writings and I found that you can have a reasoned — you can make a reasoned argument and still preserve the moral force behind your feelings , until I read him , I was not very articulate in talking about it .
Now I feel pretty able to .
AMY GOODMAN : Norman , we just have , oh , less than a minute to go .
You end This Time We Went Too Far by mentioning Gandhi .
NORMAN FINKELSTEIN : Mm-hmm .
Yeah , I spent the last year reading through about 25,000 pages of Gandhi , which is about half his collected works .
I found him a deeply inspiring figure , both personally and politically .
And I think his approach can work in the Israel - Palestine conflict .
It would take me some time to go through it , because Gandhi is not nearly as obvious as people think .
They just think Gandhi , nonviolence .
No , there was a quite subtle , nuanced theory there .
But I think what he has to say is relevant to the Israel - Palestine conflict .
And I think the strategy that ’s now being used by Palestinians around the wall and in East Jerusalem , the kinds of tactics that Gandhi pioneered , I think those have the best chances for success .
AMY GOODMAN : Norman Finkelstein , his book out this week , This Time We Went Too Far : Truth and Consequences of the Gaza Invasion .
The film is also out ; it ’s called American Radical : The Trials of Norman Finkelstein .
Uh , whoa . just reported that Palm is putting itself up for sale and that offers will potentially come in this week .
That 's pretty wild news , considering CEO Jon Rubinstein was adamant just a few days ago that Palm had a plan to get profitable -- even while his company 's stock price went on a buyout - rumor fueled rollercoaster .
says that Palm 's already retained Goldman Sachs and Qatalyst Partners to find a buyer , with HTC ( yes ! ) and Lenovo both expressing interest -- and Dell 's apparently already taken a pass .
Naturally none of these parties are saying anything on the record -- we just pinged Palm and they declined comment -- but if this is true , things are about to get wild , and fast .
We 'll keep you updated , stay tuned .
[ Thanks , Sean ]
Shut down ( Image : Robert Nickelsberg / Getty )
WHEN we fall under the spell of a charismatic figure , areas of the brain responsible for scepticism and vigilance become less active .
That ’s the finding of a study which looked at people ’s response to prayers spoken by someone purportedly possessing divine healing powers .
To identify the brain processes underlying the influence of charismatic individuals , Uffe Schjødt of Aarhus University in Denmark and colleagues turned to Pentecostal Christians , who believe that some people have divinely inspired powers of healing , wisdom and prophecy .
Using functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) , Schjødt and his colleagues scanned the brains …
President Barack Obama on Space Exploration in the 21st Century
THE WHITE HOUSE
Office of the Press Secretary
REMARKS BY THE PRESIDENT
ON SPACE EXPLORATION IN THE 21ST CENTURY
John F. Kennedy Space Center
Merritt Island , Florida
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEApril 15 , 20102:55 P.M. EDTTHE PRESIDENT : Thank you , everybody .
Thank you .
( Applause . )
Thank you so much .
Thank you , everybody .
Please have a seat .
Thank you .
I want to thank Senator Bill Nelson and NASA Administrator Charlie Bolden for their extraordinary leadership .
I want to recognize Dr. Buzz Aldrin as well , who ’s in the house .
( Applause . )
Four decades ago , Buzz became a legend .
But in the four decades since he ’s also been one of America ’s leading visionaries and authorities on human space flight .
Few people -- present company excluded -- can claim the expertise of Buzz and Bill and Charlie when it comes to space exploration .
I have to say that few people are as singularly unimpressed by Air Force One as those three .
( Laughter . )
Sure , it ’s comfortable , but it ca n’t even reach low Earth orbit .
And that obviously is in striking contrast to the Falcon 9 rocket we just saw on the launch pad , which will be tested for the very first time in the coming weeks .
A couple of other acknowledgments I want to make .
We ’ve got Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee from Texas visiting us , a big supporter of the space program .
( Applause . )
My director , Office of Science and Technology Policy -- in other words my chief science advisor -- John Holdren is here .
( Applause . )
And most of all I want to acknowledge your congresswoman Suzanne Kosmas , because every time I meet with her , including the flight down here , she reminds me of how important our NASA programs are and how important this facility is .
And she is fighting for every single one of you and for her district and for the jobs in her district .
And you should know that you ’ve got a great champion in Congresswoman Kosmas .
Please give her a big round of applause .
( Applause . ) I also want to thank everybody for participating in today ’s conference .
And gathered here are scientists , engineers , business leaders , public servants , and a few more astronauts as well .
Last but not least , I want to thank the men and women of NASA for welcoming me to the Kennedy Space Center , and for your contributions not only to America , but to the world .
Here at the Kennedy Space Center we are surrounded by monuments and milestones of those contributions .
It was from here that NASA launched the missions of Mercury and Gemini and Apollo .
It was from here that Space Shuttle Discovery , piloted by Charlie Bolden , carried the Hubble Telescope into orbit , allowing us to plumb the deepest recesses of our galaxy .
And I should point out , by the way , that in my private office just off the Oval , I ’ve got the picture of Jupiter from the Hubble .
So thank you , Charlie , for helping to decorate my office .
( Laughter . )
It was from here that men and women , propelled by sheer nerve and talent , set about pushing the boundaries of humanity ’s reach .
That ’s the story of NASA .
And it ’s a story that started a little more than half a century ago , far from the Space Coast , in a remote and desolate region of what is now called Kazakhstan .
Because it was from there that the Soviet Union launched Sputnik , the first artificial satellite to orbit the Earth , which was little more than a few pieces of metal with a transmitter and a battery strapped to the top of a missile .
But the world was stunned .
Americans were dumbfounded .
The Soviets , it was perceived , had taken the lead in a race for which we were not yet fully prepared .
But we caught up very quick .
President Eisenhower signed legislation to create NASA and to invest in science and math education , from grade school to graduate school .
In 1961 , President Kennedy boldly declared before a joint session of Congress that the United States would send a man to the Moon and return him safely to the Earth within the decade .
And as a nation , we set about meeting that goal , reaping rewards that have in the decades since touched every facet of our lives .
NASA was at the forefront .
Many gave their careers to the effort .
And some have given far more .
In the years that have followed , the space race inspired a generation of scientists and innovators , including , I ’m sure , many of you .
It ’s contributed to immeasurable technological advances that have improved our health and well - being , from satellite navigation to water purification , from aerospace manufacturing to medical imaging .
Although , I have to say , during a meeting right before I came out on stage somebody said , you know , it ’s more than just Tang -- and I had to point out I actually really like Tang .
( Laughter . )
I thought that was very cool .
And leading the world to space helped America achieve new heights of prosperity here on Earth , while demonstrating the power of a free and open society to harness the ingenuity of its people .
And on a personal note , I have been part of that generation so inspired by the space program .
1961 was the year of my birth -- the year that Kennedy made his announcement .
And one of my earliest memories is sitting on my grandfather ’s shoulders , waving a flag as astronauts arrived in Hawaii .
For me , the space program has always captured an essential part of what it means to be an American -- reaching for new heights , stretching beyond what previously did not seem possible .
And so , as President , I believe that space exploration is not a luxury , it ’s not an afterthought in America ’s quest for a brighter future -- it is an essential part of that quest .
So today , I ’d like to talk about the next chapter in this story .
The challenges facing our space program are different , and our imperatives for this program are different , than in decades past .
We ’re no longer racing against an adversary .
We ’re no longer competing to achieve a singular goal like reaching the Moon .
In fact , what was once a global competition has long since become a global collaboration .
But while the measure of our achievements has changed a great deal over the past 50 years , what we do -- or fail to do -- in seeking new frontiers is no less consequential for our future in space and here on Earth .
So let me start by being extremely clear : I am 100 percent committed to the mission of NASA and its future .
( Applause . )
Because broadening our capabilities in space will continue to serve our society in ways that we can scarcely imagine .
Because exploration will once more inspire wonder in a new generation -- sparking passions and launching careers .
And because , ultimately , if we fail to press forward in the pursuit of discovery , we are ceding our future and we are ceding that essential element of the American character .
I know there have been a number of questions raised about my administration ’s plan for space exploration , especially in this part of Florida where so many rely on NASA as a source of income as well as a source of pride and community .
And these questions come at a time of transition , as the space shuttle nears its scheduled retirement after almost 30 years of service .
And understandably , this adds to the worries of folks concerned not only about their own futures but about the future of the space program to which they ’ve devoted their lives .
But I also know that underlying these concerns is a deeper worry , one that precedes not only this plan but this administration .
It stems from the sense that people in Washington -- driven sometimes less by vision than by politics -- have for years neglected NASA ’s mission and undermined the work of the professionals who fulfill it .
We ’ve seen that in the NASA budget , which has risen and fallen with the political winds .
But we can also see it in other ways : in the reluctance of those who hold office to set clear , achievable objectives ; to provide the resources to meet those objectives ; and to justify not just these plans but the larger purpose of space exploration in the 21st century .
All that has to change .
And with the strategy I ’m outlining today , it will .
We start by increasing NASA ’s budget by $ 6 billion over the next five years , even -- ( applause ) -- I want people to understand the context of this .
This is happening even as we have instituted a freeze on discretionary spending and sought to make cuts elsewhere in the budget .
So NASA , from the start , several months ago when I issued my budget , was one of the areas where we did n’t just maintain a freeze but we actually increased funding by $ 6 billion .
By doing that we will ramp up robotic exploration of the solar system , including a probe of the Sun ’s atmosphere ; new scouting missions to Mars and other destinations ; and an advanced telescope to follow Hubble , allowing us to peer deeper into the universe than ever before .
We will increase Earth - based observation to improve our understanding of our climate and our world -- science that will garner tangible benefits , helping us to protect our environment for future generations .
And we will extend the life of the International Space Station likely by more than five years , while actually using it for its intended purpose : conducting advanced research that can help improve the daily lives of people here on Earth , as well as testing and improving upon our capabilities in space .
This includes technologies like more efficient life support systems that will help reduce the cost of future missions .
And in order to reach the space station , we will work with a growing array of private companies competing to make getting to space easier and more affordable .
( Applause . )
Now , I recognize that some have said it is unfeasible or unwise to work with the private sector in this way .
I disagree .
The truth is , NASA has always relied on private industry to help design and build the vehicles that carry astronauts to space , from the Mercury capsule that carried John Glenn into orbit nearly 50 years ago , to the space shuttle Discovery currently orbiting overhead .
By buying the services of space transportation -- rather than the vehicles themselves -- we can continue to ensure rigorous safety standards are met .
But we will also accelerate the pace of innovations as companies -- from young startups to established leaders -- compete to design and build and launch new means of carrying people and materials out of our atmosphere .
In addition , as part of this effort , we will build on the good work already done on the Orion crew capsule .
I ’ve directed Charlie Bolden to immediately begin developing a rescue vehicle using this technology , so we are not forced to rely on foreign providers if it becomes necessary to quickly bring our people home from the International Space Station .
And this Orion effort will be part of the technological foundation for advanced spacecraft to be used in future deep space missions .
In fact , Orion will be readied for flight right here in this room .
( Applause . )
Next , we will invest more than $ 3 billion to conduct research on an advanced “ heavy lift rocket ” -- a vehicle to efficiently send into orbit the crew capsules , propulsion systems , and large quantities of supplies needed to reach deep space .
In developing this new vehicle , we will not only look at revising or modifying older models ; we want to look at new designs , new materials , new technologies that will transform not just where we can go but what we can do when we get there .
And we will finalize a rocket design no later than 2015 and then begin to build it .
( Applause . )
And I want everybody to understand :
That ’s at least two years earlier than previously planned -- and that ’s conservative , given that the previous program was behind schedule and over budget .
At the same time , after decades of neglect , we will increase investment -- right away -- in other groundbreaking technologies that will allow astronauts to reach space sooner and more often , to travel farther and faster for less cost , and to live and work in space for longer periods of time more safely .
That means tackling major scientific and technological challenges .
How do we shield astronauts from radiation on longer missions ?
How do we harness resources on distant worlds ?
How do we supply spacecraft with energy needed for these far - reaching journeys ?
These are questions that we can answer and will answer .
And these are the questions whose answers no doubt will reap untold benefits right here on Earth .
So the point is what we ’re looking for is not just to continue on the same path -- we want to leap into the future ; we want major breakthroughs ; a transformative agenda for NASA .
( Applause . )
Now , yes , pursuing this new strategy will require that we revise the old strategy .
In part , this is because the old strategy -- including the Constellation program -- was not fulfilling its promise in many ways .
That ’s not just my assessment ; that ’s also the assessment of a panel of respected non-partisan experts charged with looking at these issues closely .
Now , despite this , some have had harsh words for the decisions we ’ve made , including some individuals who I ’ve got enormous respect and admiration for .
But what I hope is , is that everybody will take a look at what we are planning , consider the details of what we ’ve laid out , and see the merits as I ’ve described them .
The bottom line is nobody is more committed to manned space flight , to human exploration of space than I am .
( Applause . )
But we ’ve got to do it in a smart way , and we ca n’t just keep on doing the same old things that we ’ve been doing and thinking that somehow is going to get us to where we want to go .
Some have said , for instance , that this plan gives up our leadership in space by failing to produce plans within NASA to reach low Earth orbit , instead of relying on companies and other countries .
But we will actually reach space faster and more often under this new plan , in ways that will help us improve our technological capacity and lower our costs , which are both essential for the long - term sustainability of space flight .
In fact , through our plan , we ’ll be sending many more astronauts to space over the next decade .
( Applause . )
There are also those who criticized our decision to end parts of Constellation as one that will hinder space exploration below [ sic ] low Earth orbit .
But it ’s precisely by investing in groundbreaking research and innovative companies that we will have the potential to rapidly transform our capabilities -- even as we build on the important work already completed , through projects like Orion , for future missions .
And unlike the previous program , we are setting a course with specific and achievable milestones .
Early in the next decade , a set of crewed flights will test and prove the systems required for exploration beyond low Earth orbit .
( Applause . )
And by 2025 , we expect new spacecraft designed for long journeys to allow us to begin the first - ever crewed missions beyond the Moon into deep space .
( Applause . )
So we ’ll start -- we ’ll start by sending astronauts to an asteroid for the first time in history .
( Applause . )
By the mid-2030s , I believe we can send humans to orbit Mars and return them safely to Earth .
And a landing on Mars will follow .
And I expect to be around to see it .
( Applause . )
But I want to repeat -- I want to repeat this : Critical to deep space exploration will be the development of breakthrough propulsion systems and other advanced technologies .
So I ’m challenging NASA to break through these barriers .
And we ’ll give you the resources to break through these barriers .
And I know you will , with ingenuity and intensity , because that ’s what you ’ve always done .
( Applause . )
Now , I understand that some believe that we should attempt a return to the surface of the Moon first , as previously planned .
But I just have to say pretty bluntly here :
We ’ve been there before .
Buzz has been there .
There ’s a lot more of space to explore , and a lot more to learn when we do .
So I believe it ’s more important to ramp up our capabilities to reach -- and operate at -- a series of increasingly demanding targets , while advancing our technological capabilities with each step forward .
And that ’s what this strategy does .
And that ’s how we will ensure that our leadership in space is even stronger in this new century than it was in the last .
( Applause . )
Finally , I want to say a few words about jobs .
Suzanne pointed out to me that the last time I was here , I made a very clear promise that I would help in the transition into a new program to make sure that people who are already going through a tough time here in this region were helped .
And despite some reports to the contrary , my plan will add more than 2,500 jobs along the Space Coast in the next two years compared to the plan under the previous administration .
So I want to make that point .
( Applause . )
We ’re going to modernize the Kennedy Space Center , creating jobs as we upgrade launch facilities .
And there ’s potential for even more jobs as companies in Florida and across America compete to be part of a new space transportation industry .
And some of those industry leaders are here today .
This holds the promise of generating more than 10,000 jobs nationwide over the next few years .
And many of these jobs will be created right here in Florida because this is an area primed to lead in this competition .
Now , it ’s true -- there are Floridians who will see their work on the shuttle end as the program winds down .
This is based on a decision that was made six years ago , not six months ago , but that does n’t make it any less painful for families and communities affected as this decision becomes reality .
So I ’m proposing -- in part because of strong lobbying by Bill and by Suzanne , as well as Charlie -- I ’m proposing a $ 40 million initiative led by a high - level team from the White House , NASA , and other agencies to develop a plan for regional economic growth and job creation .
And I expect this plan to reach my desk by August 15th .
( Applause . )
It ’s an effort that will help prepare this already skilled workforce for new opportunities in the space industry and beyond .
So this is the next chapter that we can write together here at NASA .
We will partner with industry .
We will invest in cutting - edge research and technology .
We will set far - reaching milestones and provide the resources to reach those milestones .
And step by step , we will push the boundaries not only of where we can go but what we can do .
Fifty years after the creation of NASA , our goal is no longer just a destination to reach .
Our goal is the capacity for people to work and learn and operate and live safely beyond the Earth for extended periods of time , ultimately in ways that are more sustainable and even indefinite .
And in fulfilling this task , we will not only extend humanity ’s reach in space -- we will strengthen America ’s leadership here on Earth .
Now , I ’ll close by saying this .
I know that some Americans have asked a question that ’s particularly apt on Tax Day :
Why spend money on NASA at all ?
Why spend money solving problems in space when we do n’t lack for problems to solve here on the ground ?
And obviously our country is still reeling from the worst economic turmoil we ’ve known in generations .
We have massive structural deficits that have to be closed in the coming years .
But you and I know this is a false choice .
We have to fix our economy .
We need to close our deficits .
But for pennies on the dollar , the space program has fueled jobs and entire industries .
For pennies on the dollar , the space program has improved our lives , advanced our society , strengthened our economy , and inspired generations of Americans .
And I have no doubt that NASA can continue to fulfill this role .
( Applause . )
But that is why -- but I want to say clearly to those of you who work for NASA , but to the entire community that has been so supportive of the space program in this area :
That is exactly why it ’s so essential that we pursue a new course and that we revitalize NASA and its mission -- not just with dollars , but with clear aims and a larger purpose .
Now , little more than 40 years ago , astronauts descended the nine - rung ladder of the lunar module called Eagle , and allowed their feet to touch the dusty surface of the Earth ’s only Moon .
This was the culmination of a daring and perilous gambit -- of an endeavor that pushed the boundaries of our knowledge , of our technological prowess , of our very capacity as human beings to solve problems .
It was n’t just the greatest achievement in NASA ’s history -- it was one of the greatest achievements in human history .
And the question for us now is whether that was the beginning of something or the end of something .
I choose to believe it was only the beginning .
So thank you .
God bless you .
And may God bless the United States of America .
Thank you .
( Applause . ) END 3:21 P.M. EDT
One groom wore ceremonial uniform with his Iraq medal , the other morning dress with an orchid .
Surrounded by silverware and paintings commemorating great battles , Lance Corporal James Wharton , 23 , and his new husband enjoyed their first dance to Tina Turner in the warrant officers ' mess of the most prestigious regiment in the land .
The Household Cavalry , famed for escorting the Queen during state occasions and the fact that it counts both her grandsons among its officers , celebrated its first gay wedding in style .
L/ Cpl Wharton was joined in a civil partnership with his boyfriend , the Virgin air steward Thom McCaffrey , 21 , surrounded by members of L / Cpl Wharton 's regiment , the Blues and Royals .
" The entire regiment has been really supportive , " he said .
" When I went to ask the Squadron Leader , Major Nana Twumasi -Ankrah , for permission to get married , he just said ' This is fantastic , congratulations ' . "
" The lads joked it was the gay event of the year .
Everyone was excited .
It was the talk of the barracks .
This generation of soldiers is completely liberal , " added the junior non-commissioned officer , whose only regret was that some of his friends would not be back from Afghanistan in time to enjoy the nuptials .
Just over 10 years ago , before a ban on homosexuality was lifted , gay soldiers faced interrogation and expulsion from the Army if discovered .
But , in a very visible sign of the changing times , L / Cpl Wharton was given permission to host his wedding reception at the Household Cavalry Mounted Regiment 's Knightsbridge barracks .
" Colour , creed , age and who you sleep with all become irrelevant when you 're both being shot at .
All that matters to me is that he is an effective , well - trained and fit operational soldier , " said his troop leader , Captain Michael Fry .
" I hope people will focus less on L / Cpl Wharton 's sexuality , and more on the fact that he is a good soldier . "
" The Household Cavalry has a fine tradition of leading from the front , so it is unsurprising that we continue to represent the face of the modern Army , " added his commanding officer , Lt - Col Crispin Lockhart MBE .
" We recognise and value individuals from diverse backgrounds who bring fresh ideas , knowledge , experience and talent to the regimental family . "
Earlier in the day the couple had tied the knot at Westminster registry office , L / Cpl Wharton clad in ceremonial dress as were his best man and usher , Lance Corporals Michael Faulkner and James Hawley .
" It is good for the Army and it is good for the regiment .
They have supported him 100 per cent .
It is progress , " said L / Cpl Hawley .
As their respective mothers dabbed away tears , the pair spoke their vows at a civil partnership ceremony before L / Cpl Wharton 's sister Liza Ridge read " You 're The One For Me " by Dallas Fisher .
Their choice of the gay anthem , The Pet Shop Boys ' " Go West " , during the signing of the register drew applause and laughter from friends .
As they emerged on to the steps of Old Marylebone Town Hall – which has witnessed a host of celebrity weddings – the pair were covered with confetti as passing cars honked their horns .
" Ecstatic – I am over the moon , " said L / Cpl Wharton as he hugged his new husband .
" This is our first gay wedding , " explained the soldier 's step - father Philip Ellis .
" We come from north Wales and some people are still old - fashioned . "
" We are very , very proud of him .
It is fantastic , " added his sister .
Both from Wrexham , L / Cpl Wharton and Mr McCaffrey met several years ago but only decided to make it official during a holiday in New York .
" We just clicked when we met .
We laugh a lot together , " said Mr McCaffrey .
" It is really quite strange .
I went to the regiment 's Christmas ball and we were the first gay couple to go there and everyone was really nice .
I would have thought they would have been more old - fashioned but they have been brilliant . "
Mr McCaffrey 's father Paul , a former Regimental Sergeant Major , added : " We are just over the moon .
All we ever wanted for Thom , as any parent , is to see him happy . "
He continued : " It is unbelievable .
It was so completely alien to the Army that was then .
It is not that it went from a homophobic organisation one day to an accepting organisation the next day , but it is still a big change .
I do a little bit of work with the Territorial Army and we have gay guys and girls and we just accept it . "
In less enlightened times , service personnel were expected to inform on anyone they suspected of being gay .
In the Army alone , 298 personnel were discharged in 1999 for their sexuality after enduring SIB ( Special Investigation Branch ) interrogations and humiliating searches of their property .
The legal change allowing homosexual men and women in the services took place in January 2000 after a two - year legal battle involving three gay men and a lesbian , who had been discharged from the Royal Navy and RAF after being found to be gay .
The case went all the way to the European Court of Human Rights , which rejected the Government 's argument that the military should be treated as a special case because of the " close physical and shared living conditions together with external pressures such as grave danger and war " , and ruled that the Ministry of Defence 's policy was not sustainable .
Despite predictions of doom and gloom from some quarters , the lifting of the ban was welcomed by most with few hitches .
L/ Cpl Wharton said his sexuality was accepted by everyone in the regiment and , with banter common currency in the Army , he has got used to being ribbed .
" If someone is not taking the piss in the Army , it is because they do n't like you , " he explained .
In dramatic contrast to the United States , where senior military figures have been publicly rowing over President Barack Obama 's proposed lifting of its " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy , which sees around 800 service personnel discharged for homosexuality a year , one of Britain 's oldest and most distinguished regiments insists that it has moved into the 21st century with ease .
L/ Cpl Wharton and Mr McCaffrey were not only given permission to celebrate their union in the warrant officers ' and non-commissioned officers ' mess last Friday , but the curry lunch was personally overseen by the Regimental Master Chef .
After a honeymoon in San Francisco , the young couple will be heading home to their new married quarters , which were renamed Service Family Accommodation with the introduction of civil partnerships in 2005 .
MEXICO CITY ( Reuters ) -
The equity in Mexico ’s state oil monopoly Pemex was wiped out in the final quarter of 2009 as losses on refined product sales , lower crude output and high taxes offset higher crude prices .
Pemex PEMX.UL said on Monday it lost 16.6 billion pesos ( $ 1.3 billion ) in the fourth quarter of 2009 , pushing the full year loss up to 46.1 billion pesos .
Pemex , one of the United States ’ top four suppliers of imported crude oil , said it had negative equity of 18.3 billion pesos at the end of the year .
The annual result was an improvement from 2008 when the company lost 119.5 billion pesos .
Pemex has traditionally struggled to turn a profit due to a high tax burden and inefficient , overstaffed operations .
Losses on the sale of fuel in the domestic market , where prices are set below international levels , also hurt the company ’s bottom line .
Pemex ’s oil refining and marketing arm , which is the sole supplier of refined products in Mexico , racked up losses of 48.5 billion pesos last year .
The government relies on Pemex to fund about a third of the budget , forcing the company to rely on borrowing to pay for its capital investment program as it tries to reverse a five - year slide in oil production .
Mexican oil production was down 5.3 percent in the final quarter of 2009 at 2.583 million barrels per day compared with the same period in 2008 , although the reduction in output was offset by higher oil prices , which were 53.9 percent higher .
Today financial power is being concentrated in the hands of fewer and fewer individuals .
In fact , the six biggest banks in the United States now possess assets equivalent to 60 percent of America ’s gross national product .
Back in the 1990s that figure was less than 20 percent .
These six banks – Goldman Sachs , Morgan Stanley , JPMorgan Chase , Citigroup , Bank of America , and Wells Fargo – literally dictate what goes on in the U.S. banking industry .
These entities are the poster children for “ too big to fail ” , and they donate massive amounts of cash to the campaigns of both Republicans and Democrats to ensure that they will continue to receive favorable treatment .
The vast majority of Americans have had a banking account , a credit card and / or a mortgage with one of these institutions at some point .
If they acted in concert , these six banks could literally bring down the U.S. economy overnight if they wanted to .
Together with the Federal Reserve , these six banks represent the real financial power in America .
They are the 800 pound gorilla in the room that influences nearly every major financial deal that gets done and virtually every major political decision that gets made .
As the last couple of years have demonstrated , top politicians from both parties ( John McCain and Barack Obama for example ) will instantly jump into action and start advocating that the U.S. government spend billions upon billions of dollars when the interests of these behemoths are threatened .
The frightening thing is that the power of these megabanks is growing at a frightening pace .
As dozens upon dozens of smaller U.S. banks are “ allowed to fail ” , they either go out of existence or the Feds actually encourage these smaller banks to sell themselves to one of the big sharks .
In either event , the banking power in the United States becomes further consolidated in the hands of the megabanks .
Bill Moyers recently interviewed Simon Johnson and James Kwak , the authors of a new book entitled 13 Bankers : The Wall St. Takeover and the Next Financial Meltdown .
During that interview Kwak described to Moyers just how explosive the growth of the power of these megabanks has been … .
Bill Moyers :
And you write that they control 60 percent of our gross national product ?
James Kwak :
They have assets equivalent to 60 percent of our gross national product .
And to put this in perspective , in the mid-1990s , these six banks or their predecessors , since there have been a lot of mergers , had less than 20 percent .
Their assets were less than 20 percent of the gross national product .
Does it alarm you that the banking elite have accumulated such a large amount of financial power ?
It should .
These institutions have the power to wreck entire economies .
Just consider what happened in Greece lately .
Now , it is being alleged that the megabanks are ripping off American cities with the same kinds of predatory deals that brought down the financial system in Greece .
And that is what these megabanks are .
They are predators .
In fact , a very revealing article in Rolling Stone described Goldman Sachs this way ….
The first thing you need to know about Goldman Sachs is that it ’s everywhere .
The world ’s most powerful investment bank is a great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity , relentlessly jamming its blood funnel into anything that smells like money .
Unfortunately , they may have actually been understating things a bit .
These megabanks have rigged the game so that the wealth of the nation is slowly transferred from us to themselves and to the international financial interests that control them .
They can make money if the markets are going up , and they can make money if the markets are going down .
For example , in a newly released email from the height of the housing crash , the CEO of Goldman Sachs bragged that his firm “ made more than we lost ” by betting against the housing market .
Thankfully the SEC is starting to look into the fraud that Goldman Sachs committed during this time period , but the truth is that Goldman is not likely to receive any more than a slap on the wrist for what it has done .
They are way too big , way too powerful and have too many friends in high places for them to get into any real trouble .
For example , it has come out that Barack Obama does not intend to return any of the campaign contributions that he received from Goldman Sachs .
And surely they will be glad to continue to pour big money into his political coffers .
So where does that leave the rest of us ?
Well , the rest of us can expect higher taxes and a lower standard of living according to the IMF .
The IMF ( which has deep connections to these megabanks ) says that the party is “ over ” for nations that have been enjoying the good life .
In a recent article , the Washington Post summarized the message that the IMF is trying to communicate through their recent policy papers … .
To keep the global economy on track , people in the United States and the rest of the developed world need to work longer before retiring , pay higher taxes and expect less from government .
And the cheap imports lining the shelves of mega- chains such as Wal - Mart and Target ?
They need to be more expensive .
So are you ready to work longer , pay higher taxes , expect less from government and have a lower standard of living ?
That is what the IMF says we are all going to be facing in the years ahead .
We are all going to financially suffer as the megabanks continue to thrive and consolidate power .
Is n’t that wonderful ?
You say you do n’t like that so much ?
Well , good luck taking on the 800 pound gorilla .
Fifty years ago this week , on April 8 , 1960 , a little - known astronomer named Frank Drake sat at the controls of an 85 - foot radio telescope at an observatory in Green Bank , W.Va. , and began to sweep the skies , looking for a signal from an alien civilization .
It was the start of the most ambitious scientific experiment in history .
Barely an hour had passed when the equipment suddenly went wild .
A loudspeaker hooked up to the giant antenna began booming and the pen recorder gyrated manically .
The radio telescope was pointed at ...
By Matthew Price
BBC News , New York
The most famous US tabloid is up for the country 's top journalism award , for its coverage of a presidential candidate 's extra-marital affair .
But would it be a worthy winner ?
It is now more than two and a half years since that September afternoon when Rick Egusquiza picked up the phone .
Edwards denied all until the Enquirer published pictures of him with the child
The journalist and former bartender at Venice Beach listened as the voice on the other end gave him information that would eventually lead to the downfall of a popular , charismatic former US senator who was running for President .
Now , Mr Egusquiza and the publication he works for , the National Enquirer , is waiting for another phone call - one which will tell them whether they 've won the most prestigious award in US journalism , the Pulitzer prize .
Just the thought of it has left much of the media establishment here gasping for breath .
" If you worked hard and paid your dues to get into the ' white shoe ' media establishment , it 's going to seem like an injustice to see the Enquirer get journalism 's highest honour , " says Jeff Bercovici , the media columnist for DailyFinance.com .
Not that he thinks it will win .
' Exclusive after exclusive ' The Enquirer is up for two Pulitzer Prizes .
Pulitzer administrator Sig Gissler replied to a BBC e-mail request with a quick , " No interviews until 3 pm Monday when we announce awards .
Sorry . "
John Edwards said ' That 's tabloid trash do n't believe it , ' - and they believed him over us
Rick Egusquiza
Enquirer reporter
The awards ' website says prizes will be given for " material coming from a text - based United States newspaper " that " adheres to the highest journalistic principles " .
Many do not believe the National Enquirer fits that category .
It may have had several serious journalistic scoops in its lifetime , but much of its coverage involves Hollywood - style tittle - tattle .
It 's a tabloid , practising the worst - many say - of chequebook journalism ( paying sources for their stories ) .
So it surely bruises the country 's media elite that this upstart gutter rag , as they might see it , beat the supposed best of US publications on one of the biggest political scoops of recent years .
Not only that - they ignored the story while the Enquirer delivered exclusive after exclusive .
A month after the tip - off , the paper ran its first story about how John Edwards - the former North Carolina senator , the Democratic nominee for Vice President in 2004 , and candidate for the Democratic nomination for president in 2004 and 2008 - was having an affair .
No - one else picked up on it .
The fact is they did n't do it in time to have any actual impact on the presidential race
Jeff Bercovici , DailyFinance.com
" John Edwards said ' That 's tabloid trash do n't believe it . '
And they believed him over us , " Rick Egusquiza remembers .
Two months later the Enquirer followed up with another exclusive : " John Edwards Love Child Scandal . "
Still no traction in the rest of the media .
Mr Edwards ' ended his presidential bid soon after , but the Enquirer did not let up .
In July 2008 , it reported that he'd visited the mother of that " love child " .
When a month later it published photos of what it said was the politician holding the child , he went on TV to admit the affair .
DNA test " The fact is they did n't do it in time to have any actual impact on the presidential race , " says Jeff Bercovici .
Edwards met Rielle Hunter during the campaign , and hired her to film him The Enquirer 's two Pulitzer Prize nominations are for its reporting of the continuation of the story in 2009 .
In that year it broke the story of how John Edwards had taken a DNA test which proved he was the father of the child .
It also was the first to disclose that a grand jury was investigating whether funds for Mr Edwards ' election campaign in 2008 were improperly used - his mistress was on his campaign payroll .
Barry Levine , The National Enquirer 's executive editor , says the case for their nomination is clear .
" The man was running for the highest office in the land .
He had a wife who was campaigning for him who was battling cancer .
" He was carrying on an affair behind her back with a former campaign worker who had become pregnant with his child , " he says .
It would be a slam dunk if this was by the New York Times
Emily Miller , public affairs consultant " Our investigation , despite his string of denials , has led to a federal grand jury investigation to determine whether or not he used campaign funds to cover up his affair . "
The stories " that are up for submission for this award were done without chequebook journalism - the sources were not paid , " says Mr Levine .
Still , that may not be enough to satisfy the judges .
Critics of the nomination argue that both in terms of the story 's timing and its impact it does not deserve to win .
Yet Emily Miller , a public affairs consultant in Washington DC who has been pushing for the Enquirer to be considered , believes the time for the Pulitzer judges to acknowledge different media outlets has arrived .
" With the layoffs , with the newspapers closing down , where stories have been broken is the smaller outlets , is the local papers , websites and blogs , and the National Enquirer and places like that , " she says .
" It would be a slam dunk if this was by the New York Times . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
St. Sen Russel justified his hate mongering , " This protects people to do or say whatever they want ... "
" This would prohibit providing as evidence to Federal authorities a bloody baseball bat or gun used in that type of crime to assist in their prosecution of that hate crime .
Since crimes committed due to a victim 's sexual orientation / gender identity are not Hate Crimes under Oklahoma state law , and this restriction would make Federal prosecution of this type of crime in Oklahoma very difficult if not impossible , this would greatly impede Hate Crimes protection for the GLBT community in Oklahoma . "
OK State Senator , Steve Russell , slipped an amendment into a bill on Wednesday that would prohibit the state of Oklahoma from cooperating with Federal Hate Crimes laws .
The Oklahoma Senate is trying to subvert the Federal Hate Crimes Bill ( Matthew Shepherd Act ) that was passed last year .
Phil Reese pointed out at Americqueer :
TO DO OR SAY WHATEVER THEY WANT .
Like " I hate fags , I think I 'm going to kill that one over there . "
And then go do it .
Because that 's what they want .
There is a VERY VERY special place in Hell for Steve Russell .
There remains some question whether Oklahoma has the authority to pass such a bill .
After all , the Union won the Civil War , the Federal Government has a right to pass laws , and the states are expected to follow those laws .
However , the Oklahoma legislature has a long history of ignoring this reality .
Laura Belmonte from Oklahoma based The Equality Network ( TEN ) told Bilerico in an e-mail :
Indeed , the most disgusting thing about this latest affair is that the original Russell bill ( SB 2165 ) supposedly died in the Senate Judiciary Committee .
We knew that was too good to be true .
Last night , he used an amendment to gut all of the language of a live bill ( SB 1965 .pdf ) that would have created a task force to examine Oklahoma Secondary School Activities - and instead inserted all of the text of SB 2165 .
The Senate as well as any of the civil rights groups monitoring SB 2165 ( the supposedly dead bill ) were totally blindsided .
And , get this , the bill is so badly drafted that it inadvertently opts Oklahoma out of the pre-2009 federal hate crimes law ( section 245 ) instead of the LGBT - inclusive federal law enacted last October ( section 249 ) .
The Equality Netowrk President , Kathy L. Williams , Ph.D. , warned , " Senator Russell 's bill is truly terrifying in its implications .
This legislation sends the message that violence against LGBT Oklahomans is acceptable .
It also sets a chilling precedent that Oklahoma will only enforce certain federal laws and cooperate only with selected federal agencies .
We believe this unconstitutional and blatantly discriminatory bill will harm all Oklahomans , regardless of their identity and regardless of whether or not they are victims of hate crimes . "
If the house Passes the bill , and Governor Brad Henry signs it , civil rights and equality organizations plan to immediately challenge the law 's constitutionality .
Apple touts the automatic graphics switching in its new 15 " and 17 " MacBook Pros as a " breakthrough technology from Apple . "
Some readers scoffed at the description earlier today , assuming ( as we originally did ) that Apple was using NVIDIA 's Optimus technology .
We discussed the graphics switching technology at length with Apple this afternoon , and though Apple 's implementation is similar in concept , it differs in a few key areas from Optimus .
The main goal of Apple 's automatic graphics switching is to balance graphics performance with long battery life .
Intel 's latest stable of mobile processors —
Core i3 , i5 , and i7 — all include integrated graphics in the same package as the CPU .
Dubbed Intel HD , this integrated graphics processor is designed primarily for efficiency .
While its performance is far better than the previous GMA950 , for instance , it still would n't be classified as good for " performance " graphics in any sense of the term in common usage .
In previous MacBook Pros , Apple attempted to achieve this goal by including a discrete GPU along with the integrated graphics from NVIDIA 's 9400 M chipset .
Users could switch from one to the other manually via System Preferences , which required user intervention as well as the annoyance of logging out and logging back in .
So , you could have either performance or better battery life , as long as you were willing to interrupt your workflow .
Other vendors offer their own solutions to the problem .
Some use a hardware switch , which still requires user intervention and causes a short ( though less annoying than logout / login ) interruption in workflow .
AMD / ATI uses a method that detects when a laptop is plugged into an outlet , and activates the discrete GPU ; when on battery power , it uses integrated graphics .
This makes switching automatic , but forces a user to rely on integrated graphics when using the battery — a problem if you need to , say , run Final Cut Pro while away from an outlet .
NVIDIA 's Optimus is another solution to this problem .
It uses a combination of hardware and software to enable automatic switching between integrated graphics and a discrete GPU .
To implement this , Optimus relies on a list which tells the system which apps need a discrete GPU and which apps can work fine with integrated graphics .
NVIDIA manages a master list , which Optimus can download from the cloud , or the user can use a control panel to override this list .
Aside from the optional user intervention , Optimus does have some downsides .
It works by keeping the integrated graphics powered up and running at all times .
When Optimus activates the discrete GPU , it starts writing frames directly to the frame buffer used by the integrated graphics , which resides in RAM .
This means that when high performance is called for , two GPUs are running at the same time ( though only the discrete GPU is writing to the frame buffer ) , and it also causes a lot of extra traffic on the bus .
Apple 's approach in the new 15 " and 17 " MacBook Pros differs from Optimus in two key ways .
The first is that the switching is all handled automatically by Mac OS X without any user intervention ( though there is actually a System Preference to deactivate it , if you choose ) .
Apps that use advanced graphics frameworks such as OpenGL , Core Graphics , Quartz Composer or others will cause the OS to trigger the discrete GPU .
So , when you are reading or writing Mail , or editing an Excel spreadsheet , Mac OS X will simply use the integrated Intel HD graphics .
If you fire up Aperture or Photoshop , Mac OS X kicks on the NVIDIA GeForce GT 330M .
The second way that it differs from Optimus is that the integrated graphics are powered down when the discrete GPU is active .
This saves even more power than Optimus does , leading to a stated battery life as long as nine hours .
Apple credits its solution to the company 's attention to detail when it comes to user interaction ( though its original solution with its login / logout missed this mark ) , and because Apple is unique among PC vendors in that it controls both the hardware and software .
That level of integration is much more difficult when multiple vendors control different parts of the system .
Or… How to Fix a Clicking Hard Drive !
Do you have a hard drive that wo n’t boot and you are suspicious that you can hear a clicking noise ?
In the industry , we call this the hard drive click of death and the hard drive clicking noise usually means the drive has experienced a physical failure , sometimes even catastrophic .
So that hard drive clicking is likely to be serious .
There still may be hope however .
If you hear a hard drive clicking noise , take prompt action to recover as much data as you can .
In some cases you can use this little trick to retrieve your files .
Just follow these simple steps below .
Could putting a Clicking Hard Drive in a Freezer Really Work ?
Yes !
This is one method that may allow you to recover files on your own , and it is free !
Although I ca n’t make guarantees in your case .
This does not apply to solid state drives , but I expect it would work with all hard disk drive brands , for example Seagate and WD ( Western Digital ) .
There may be proactive actions you can take with a clicking hard drive in particular .
For example with a hard drive not working just some of the time ( that is a serious warning sign though ) .
If your drive is clicking abnormally , and it is still working I suggest you take it seriously and copy all the contents to another drive – a clicking hard drive may be near the end of it ’s life , even if new .
If your drive was clicking but now has stopped working , the method below might help you recover the data quickly and at no cost .
Is it worth the risk ?
Option 2
“ Your choice to use this method ( Option 1 ) or pay for a professional data recovery service should be based on how important the data is to you and whether you have the money to pay for data recovery . ”
To get an idea of how much professional hard drive data recovery can cost , see this analysis .
Warning !
There are risks to using the method described below .
In the very many comments below you will find some people positively support the practice and have done it themselves , and you will also find other professionals who warn that it could further damage your drive and make it harder ( and more expensive ) to recover the data professionally later if you decide to go down that path .
Option 3
There is a third option , and that is to simply put it off .
Huh ?!
You can wait until a later time before you embark on the recovery of hard drive issues .
Later you may have found :
The data does n’t matter that much anymore and you can get by without it .
In time you may think this method is worth a try .
Later you may have better financial means to pay for professional recovery .
I ( and several people I know ) have had success doing this , so no it is not an old wives ’ tale .
Yes it is strange but it can sometimes work !
My brother - in - law and I were able to recover my mum ’s hard drive data by putting it in the freezer and using it for a short while , to copy any data across that we could at that moment .
Then we put it in the freezer again , and yes you guessed it , recovered further data .
We cycled her drive in the freezer that way until we had recovered everything we could .
Do you really think we would risk her data – on the hard drive of our own mother ?
Well , we sort of took an educated risk .
She felt the data was not recoverable , and yet we thought it was somewhat important to her .
So it important to us to try this method .
There were some mitigating factors , like the body of the drive being sound and not damaged .
But we are professionals , and we have done it with success before .
I can hear the screams of the nay - sayers …
Let ’s go into the background in some detail before you rush ahead .
Knowledge is power and that is what we at TheTechMentor.com aim to provide .
However if you are ready to start scroll on down to the steps further below .
What are the symptoms ?
A hard drive clicking noise is typical ; sometimes the hard drive clicks then stops .
It might not boot or only boot occasionally .
What causes the hard drive clicking noise ?
You may know that hard drives work in somewhat similar way to a needle and vinyl record , although it is writing and reading via a magnetic field with much more advanced technology .
The reading head typically jumps into and out from different positions across the disk .
This behavior is unlike with a needle and record where the needle simply follows along in grooves or tracks .
Also unlike with a needle and record , with a modern hard drive the reading head and disk should never touch .
The hard drive clicking noise is possibly due to impact of the reading head arm or reading head against a hard disk surface or side of the hard disks as it attempts to move into position .
The image above shows the arm with the reading head on the end , and the disk (s ) which spin at very high speeds ( if operational ) .
Needless to say it sounds like ( pardon the pun ) the HDD clicking is critical and you need to take care immediately from this point .
A clicking hard drive if working in all likelihood will not be clicking for long – the clicking noise suggests impact between the head , arm , and / or disk and potential damage at each moment .
That ’s why it might not be working for long !
The idea is that an overheated and slightly warped disk and other components may shrink when cooled in the freezer , and sufficiently to for a period of time briefly function .
Use extreme caution , and if the data is at all important , your best bet may be to spend the money and go with a professional data recovery service .
Why might it fix a clicking hard drive if you put it in the freezer ?
The word ‘ fix ’ suggests total recovery to allow ongoing permanent use , but we mean it here as a temporary recovery of operation .
What we ’re really hoping for is temporary operation for long enough to recover your data .
Hard disk drive disks and reading heads have incredibly small tolerance ( very fine gap between them – they do not normally touch ) .
To put the hard drive in the freezer will naturally cool the plates and reading head arms .
Cooling the hard drive unit will cause shrinkage in the metal disks and arms inside to a very small degree ( pardon the pun ! ) , and it might be sufficient to reduce any warping .
Thus it gives a chance that the physical interference ( causing that knocking or abrasion and resulting in the clicking noise ) to be avoided while it remains cool .
WARNING : Act to get the data while you still can .
Exactly what action should you take as a clicking hard drive fix ?
If the drive is still working , immediately copy all your data or back it up .
Otherwise you can try this method to put your hard drive in freezer or cold refrigerator ( but only after reading all this article first ! ) .
The explanation as to why is further below and warnings above .
This could be a cheap fix and that is what TheTechMentor.com likes to share : methods that save you money .
An alternative action may be to send your drive to a professional hard drive recovery service .
Be warned these can cost hundreds of dollars as in the referenced article , but the chances of success are very high .
Note :
As stated above , this does not work on solid state drives .
SSDs have no moving components , and so should not ever make a clicking noise .
Here ’s How to Recover Data from a Clicking Hard Drive by Putting it in the Freezer :
Here is the hard drive click of death fix :
Step 1 : Remove the drive from the computer
The first thing you want to do is remove the drive from the computer by opening the case .
Of course you do n’t need to do this if you have a sealed external drive .
Step 2 : Cover to Protect the Drive Before you put it in the Freezer
We do n’t want to make things worse .
Put the hard drive in a sealed plastic bag to avoid bulk condensation .
I normally put it in a second larger bag .
I suppose you could use silica gel and put it along with the drive in the bag if you have some ( for example from a shoe box from a recent shoe purchase ) .
An alternative may be uncooked rice .
Step 3 : Cool by Putting Hard Drive in Freezer !
Then when it is all nicely sealed , put hard drive in freezer and leave it for several hours , maybe even overnight .
Give plenty of time to completely and uniformly cool down to the freezer temperature .
Step 4 : Remove Drive from Freezer and connect it to a computer
Next , pull the drive out of the freezer and hook it up to a computer .
If this works , you should be able to copy the files off immediately .
Act quickly though because you may only have a few minutes to retrieve your files before the drive starts failing again .
If it is for an external drive clicking noise fix , then it is designed to connect via its own USB .
Otherwise , a great option to do this is to use a cable or stand that enables you to connect it to a computer very quickly , rather than try to install it back in the original case .
That option could take more time allowing the drive to warm up more .
Speed is of the essence .
The best way to do this is to buy and use a USB adapter / connector .
For example , a USB to IDE / SATA adapter .
This is the cheapest multi-functional USB 3 option and I prefer USB 3 because it is faster .
The highest rated option is a docking station , which come in single or dual bay .
I like the dual bay docking station for the added functionality of copying direct from one drive to another .
You could order one today and have it delivered while you prepare the drive for the freezer .
Lucky you read this whole article before you started now , is n’t it ?!
So what if you ca n’t get all of the data off in one go – does it end there ?
Well fortunately it has been found that it is possible to repeat the process .
Again , I can offer no guarantees .
Step 5 : Repeat Cooling the Hard Drive in Freezer Again
If you did n’t get all the data off the drive the first time , the drive may have warmed back up .
You can repeat the above steps again .
Disconnect it again , then seal it in the bag(s ) , putting it in the freezer again to cool it , remove and reconnect it and try to operate it all over again .
Repeat as many times as necessary or stop if it no longer works .
Caution :
If you are not a pro , consider to use this method if this is a last ditch effort to recover data from a drive .
If you think you may send the drive off to a data recovery service , please do n’t move forward with this method .
Although I write this just to be sure , because I have successfully recovered data by other methods after this freezer procedure did not work one time .
For some alternatives , please check out my more extensive hard drive recovery guide with step by step instructions in How to Recover Data from a Crashed Hard Drive .
Since there is a common thread in some of the comments below , I am placing a later edit here :
If your drive is working not clicking or buzzing or beeping , and your computer does n’t recognize your drive , then please do try the options in the above link .
If software also does n’t help , then I still have quite high confidence that a professional recovery company can help .
One highly professional company I recommend in the above link is now included here to make it easier for you : Visit Gillware.com ( click to open in another tab ) .
I note that Gilware recommend not to put your hard drive in the freezer !
It is fair to say , they hate this page !
There are likely to be other professional data recovery companies you can find near you .
If you found a good one you can recommend , please put it in a comment below to help others .
If you have had any experience with a hard drive click of death fix feel free to post about it below .
Conclusion : How to Fix a Hard Drive Clicking Noise
Yes I know putting the clicking hard drive in a freezer sounds crazy and , believe me , I thought it was until I actually saw it work the first time .
Now that I ’ve explained that the cooling effect can help improve the tolerances of warped and interfering mechanical parts , you can understand why it might work .
You can also understand why it might be further damaging to use a clicking hard drive ( after the freezer or not ) .
I have heard some reports of this fixing the problem all together , however , that seems to be rare .
You might not want to risk storing any important data on a drive that had been clicking , even if the hard drive clicking has ceased .
The hard drive click of death sounds scary and you should n’t wait for things to get worse .
Yes it is true , you might be able to perform your own hard drive clicking noise fix by putting it in the freezer !
Die Bundeswehr rüstet sich für den Krieg Ralf Heß
Die neue Bewaffnung der Bundeswehr zeigt , worauf sich die Truppe in den kommenden Monaten einstellt
Die Debatte um die Ausrüstung der Bundeswehr in Afghanistan zeigt Wirkung .
Nachdem in jüngster Zeit sieben deutsche Soldaten bei ihrem Einsatz ums Leben kamen , ist eine wilde Debatte über die Bewaffnung der Bundeswehr entbrannt .
Dabei zeigt sich , dass die von Guttenberg iniitierte Strukturkommission zwar eine direkte Reaktion auf den Tod deutscher Soldaten in Afghanistan ist , doch wird auch deutlich , dass sich der politische Blick auf die Bundeswehr selbst verändert hat .
Ganz offensichtlich scheint im Verteidigungsministerium die Ansicht vorzuherrschen , dass sich die Bundeswehr in der Zukunft an weiteren Kämpfen und Kriegen beteiligen wird .
Die neue Bewaffnung der Bundeswehr zeigt , worauf sich die Truppe in den kommenden Monaten einstellt : Zwei Panzerhaubitzen 2000 ( PzH 2000 ) , die an den Hindukusch verlegt werden sollen , zusätzliche Panzer vom Typ Marder , die Panzerabwehrrakete TOW , Drohnen des Typs Heron 1 und neue gepanzerte Fahrzeuge aus der Schweiz - das Bundesverteidigungsministerium ( BMVg ) geht von einer weiteren Verschärfung der Situation im Norden Afghanistans aus .
Die PzH 2000 wird bereits seit längerem von der holländischen Armee in Afghanistan eingesetzt .
Sie wird von Krauss Maffei Wegmann ( KMW ) produziert und erreicht nach Angaben des Unternehmens eine maximale Schussweite von bis zu 56 km .
Sie ist auch in der Lage im " Multiple Rounds Simultaneus Impact - Modus " ( MRSI - Modus ) zu feuern .
Das bedeutet , sie kann mehrere Schüsse nacheinander abfeuern , die dann gleichzeitig im Ziel einschlagen .
Der große Vorteil dieser Methode ist , dass der beschossenen feindlichen Infanterie die Möglichkeit genommen wird , sich in Deckung zu bringen .
Bei herkömmlichem
Beschuss verteilen sich die Infanteristen nach dem ersten Einschlag , so dass ein weiterer Beschuss ins Leere geht .
Bei dieser Methode schlagen alle abgefeuerten Granaten gleichzeitig im Ziel ein .
Damit gibt es keine Vorwarnung mehr .
Die PzH 2000 gilt als eine der modernsten Artilleriesysteme der Welt und wird neben der Bundeswehr und von der holländischen , der griechischen und der italienischen Armee eingesetzt .
Nicht länger das Ende des Beschusses abwarten
Sie soll helfen , das regelmäßig unter Raketenbeschuss genommene Lager der Deutschen besser zu verteidigen .
Bislang verfügt die Bundeswehr vor
Ort über keine ausreichenden Fernwaffen und kann gegnerisches Feuer nur erwidern , wenn die Soldaten dicht an den Gegner herangeführt werden .
Der Bundeswehr blieb damit bislang nur , sich in die Bunker im Lager zurückzuziehen und das Ende des Feuers abzuwarten .
Neben der neuen Artillerie sollen die zusätzlich nach Afghanistan verlegten " Marder " die Truppen auf ihren regelmäßigen Patrouillenfahrten vor Minen und direktem Beschuss schützen .
Der Marder wird bereits seit 30 Jahren bei der Bundeswehr eingesetzt .
Neben der eigentlichen Panzerbesatzung können darin zusätzlich sechs Infanteristen transportiert werden .
Dieser betagte Schützenpanzer wurde im Juli 2009 zum ersten Mal überhaupt in einem Gefecht eingesetzt , nachdem die Bundeswehr die afghanische Armee bei einer Operation in der Umgebung von Kunduz unterstützte .
Ab 2012 soll dieser Panzer aufgrund seines hohen Alters jedoch Stück für Stück durch den Schützenpanzer " Puma " ersetzt werden , der über wesentlich bessere Kampfwerte verfügt als der Marder .
Zusätzlich dazu sollen die Infanteristen der Bundeswehr auch mit der Panzerabwehrrakete TOW ausgerüstet werden .
Hierbei handelt es sich um eine lenkbare Panzerabwehrrakete , die sowohl von Helikoptern , als auch von Fahrzeugen abgeschossen werden kann .
Mit einer Reichweite von etwa 3700 Metern kann sie Ziele auf eine mehr als zehn mal so große Reichweite zerstören wie Panzerfäuste .
Eagle IV
Tiger und Drohnen
Darüberhinaus hat das Verteidigungsministerium im Eilverfahren beschlossen , 60 gepanzerte Fahrzeuge vom Typ Eagle IV in der Schweiz zu ordern .
Für 2011 sind zusätzlich 90 Stück davon eingeplant .
Die Kosten für diese Fahrzeuge liegen bei 61,5 Millionen Euro .
Der Eagle IV bringt es bei 8,5 To. Gewicht auf bis zu 110 K/mh .
Laut Oberstleutnant Holger Neumann , Sprecher des Bundesverteidigungsministeriums , sollen in naher Zukunft auch Drohnen des Typs Heron 1 nach Afghanistan verlegt werden .
Zwar seien dort " bereits Drohnen im Einsatz " , die Heron 1 sei jedoch deutlich leistungsfähiger .
Heron ist ein in Israel entwickeltes , sehr hoch fliegendes und allwettertaugliches Aufklärungssystem .
Heron 1 . Bild : U.S. Air Force
Die Drohne ist vor kurzem in die Schlagzeilen geraten , nachdem eines dieser Flugsysteme auf dem Flughafen von Mazar - i- Sharif in einen Unfall verwickelt wurde .
" Auf dem Weg in die Parkposition rammte das UAV eine dort stehende Transall " , so Neumann ( siehe dazu Neue Drohne der Deutschen Luftwaffe nach erstem Probeflug in Afghanistan bereits zerstört ) .
Trotz allem verfüge diese Drohne aber über Fähigkeiten , die die bereits eingesetzten Drohen nicht besäßen .
So könne die Heron 1 über einen langen Zeitraum " die Einsatzführung per Video über die Geschehnisse am Boden informieren . "
Er geht davon aus , dass diese Drohne ab Ende April einsatzbereit ist .
Die immer wieder geforderte Verlegung von Tiger - Kampfhubschraubern stünde allerdings " nicht vor der 2 . Jahreshälfte 2012 " an , so Neumann .
Derzeit befände sich der Tiger noch in der Erprobungsphase .
Bezüglich des Einsatzes der amerikanischen Helikopter zur Bergung der deutschen Verwundeten am Karfreitag , wies er darauf hin , dass der Einsatz in Afghanistan ein Einsatz der NATO sei .
Dies bedeute , dass nicht jede teilnehmende Nation über alle Fähigkeiten verfügen müsse .
" Jede Nation bringt einen eigenen Beitrag ein " , so Neumann .
Es wäre daher nicht zwingend nötig für die Bundeswehr , auch diese Fähigkeit in Afghanistan bereitzuhalten .
Schnelligkeit des Einsatzes
Diese neuen Waffensysteme sind eine direkte Reaktion der Verteidigungsministeriums auf die Gefechte der vergangenen Wochen .
Reinhold Robbe ( SPD ) , der Wehrbeauftragte des Bundestages bemängelt jedoch bereits seit langem eine ungenügende Bewaffnung der Bundeswehr in Afghanistan .
In seinem letzten Wehrbericht bescheinigte er der Bundeswehr große Defizite bei der Ausrüstung und beklagte insbesondere , dass der Ersatz von Geräten nicht schnell genug durchgeführt würde .
Neumann sagt diesbezüglich gegenüber Telepolis : " Ich will nicht ausschließen , dass es zu Fehlern kommt " .
Grundsätzlich müsse jedoch " jedes System zunächst einmal erprobt werden " .
Dies dauere eben seine Zeit , so Neumann .
Gerade hier schien in der Vergangenheit immer wieder das Problem zu liegen .
Es sei sehr unterschiedlich , wie lange ein Waffensystem brauche , bis es einsatzfähig sei .
Für den Einsatz eines
Helikopters bedürfe es nicht nur der technischen Reife des Gerätes , auch die Piloten müssten zunächst ausgebildet werden .
Ähnliche Probleme stellen sich auch bei den Fahrern .
Vielfach wird bemängelt , dass die Fahrerausbildung erst in Afghanistan durchgeführt werden kann , da in den Heimatkasernen nicht genügend Fahrzeuge zur Verfügung stehen .
Genaue Zeitangaben zu den einzelnen Waffensystemen gibt es daher nicht , da jedes System sehr individuell zur Einsatzreife gebracht wird .
Die Bundeswehr tue jedoch das nötige , um den Soldaten vor Ort die nötigen Mittel an die Hand zu geben .
Die Strukturkommission und die Neuausrichtung der Bundeswehr
Jedoch nicht nur der Einsatz in Afghanistan soll einer Überprüfung unterzogen werden .
Verteidigungsminister Guttenberg hat am 12 .
April eine Strukturkommission eingesetzt , die sich in erster Linie damit auseinander setzen soll , welche Schlüsse aus den Erfahrungen der letzten Jahre gezogen werden müssten und worauf sich die Bundeswehr generell in Zukunft einstellen müsse .
Diese Kommission wird geleitet von Frank - Jürgen Weise , bislang Vorsitzender der Bundesagentur für Arbeit ( BA ) .
Ihm wird diese Aufgabe zugetraut , da er seine Fähigkeiten bereits bei der Restrukturierung der BA " unter Beweis " gestellt hat .
Nebenbei ist er Offizier der Reserve und soll die Truppe daher aus eigener Anschauung kennen .
Ebenfalls dabei ist der Präsident der Deutsche Industrie- und Handelskammer ( DIHK ) , Hans - Heinrich Driftmann .
Dabei ist auch der ehemalige Chef des deutschen Büros der Unternehmensberatung McKinsey und heutige Vorstandsvorsitzende der Familienholding Haniel , Jürgen Kluge .
Die stellvertretende Vorsitzende von Transparancy International Deutschland , Hedda von Wedel , ist ebenfalls Mitglied .
Weiter wird das Gremium ergänzt durch Hans - Ulrich Klose ( SPD ) , der der Koordinator für die deutsch - amerikanischen Beziehungen der Bundesregierung ist und General Karl - Heinz Lather , Stabschef im NATO - Hauptquartier Europa .
Laut Neumann soll in der Strukturkommission die " Ausrichtung für die kommenden Jahre und Jahrzehnte " diskutiert werden .
" Die Strukturkommission ist dafür da , die Bundeswehr langfristig auf die kommenden Aufgaben vorzubereiten " , so Neumann weiter .
Diese Aufgaben der Bundeswehr scheinen noch zu wachsen .
In einer Pressekonferenz bemängelte Guttenberg , dass bei einer Gesamttruppenstärke von 250.000 , bereits bei 7.000 bis 9.000 Soldaten im Einsatz die Grenze der Leistungsfähigkeit erreicht sei .
Ganz offensichtlich soll die Bundeswehr weiter im Einsatz bleiben und vor allem soll sie in die Lage versetzt werden , zusätzliche Truppen zu mobilisieren .
( Ralf Heß )
LITTLETON —
The City Council fired longtime Municipal Judge James Kimmel on Tuesday night after he issued an arrest warrant for a teenager who had an overdue $ 30 DVD from a local library .
Council members had offered Kimmel a chance to resign and receive a severance package .
But when he refused , they said they had little choice but to let him go .
“ I ’m disappointed and saddened the situation has reached this stage , ” Councilman Bruce Stahlman said .
Kimmel , a municipal judge for almost 30 years , was not at Tuesday ’s meeting .
He refused a request for comment from The Denver Post on Monday about his possible removal .
Aaron Henson , 19 , checked out the DVD , “ House of Flying Daggers , ” from the Bemis Public Library last year .
He failed to return it in proper time after it got mixed in with boxes as he moved from Littleton to Lakewood .
On Dec. 23 , Kimmel ordered that Henson appear in court Jan. 14 regarding the DVD .
The summons was returned as undeliverable because Henson had moved , and he was never properly served .
When he failed to show , Kimmel issued a bench warrant for Henson ’s arrest .
On Jan. 25 , Henson was pulled over in Jefferson County for speeding , and when the outstanding warrant came up , he was hauled off to jail , where he spent almost eight hours before his dad bailed him out .
Turns out , he returned the DVD to the library Jan. 7 — a week before Kimmel issued the warrant .
The library sent a letter to the judge that same day notifying him that it had been returned .
That point concerned council members , as did the fact that Kimmel issued the warrant without Henson having been officially served with a summons to appear in court .
When city officials looked into prior cases , they found 71 similar incidents in which a warrant had been issued but had not been properly served .
Earlier Tuesday , Henson took blame for not returning the DVD and hoped his actions would not cost Kimmel his job .
“ He ’s a great judge , ” Henson said .
“ I heard a lot of good things about him .
I honestly do n’t want them to fire him over this . ”
In a joint statement read at Tuesday ’s meeting , the council said Kimmel ’s “ lack of good judgment ” in the Henson case and the other cases caused it to lose confidence in his ability to serve as municipal judge .
Carlos Illescas : 303-954-1175 or cillescas@denverpost.com
April 18 , 2010
The other day I was reading the New York Review of Books in a bookstore caf� .
I saw a large ad in the bottom corner of a page ; it began with this quote , in bold capitals :
" WHY IS IT A CRIME FOR ONE MAN TO MURDER ANOTHER , BUT NOT FOR A GOVERNMENT TO KILL MORE THAN A MILLION PEOPLE ? "
My first reaction , before I read further , was a feeling of surprise that someone had articulated the case against the Iraq war so clearly � and had bought expensive space in the magazine to bring this unpunished , unrepented � indeed , unacknowledged � war crime to the national consciousness again .
A moment later , I saw that it was actually an ad for an exhibition in New York City about Raphael Lemkin , the Polish - Jewish exile and U.S. government advisor who first coined the term and developed the concept of " genocide . "
Under a picture of Lemkin 's wartime government ID card , the ad goes on : " Before Raphael Lemkin , that kind of killing had no name .
Today we know it as genocide . "
Then comes the title of the exhibition :
Letters of Conscience : Raphael Lemkin and the Quest to End Genocide .
The life and work of Raphael Lemkin is a worthy topic for an exhibition , of course , and I wish it all success .
But still , I was struck by how aptly his words described our own situation .
For by the same scientific measurement tools used by the U.S. and UK governments to determine the extent of mass slaughters in Rwanda , Darfur and other places around the world , the war of aggression launched by those two governments against Iraq in 2003 has by now resulted in the death of more than one million Iraqis .
This , from a war launched unilaterally by the Anglo - American alliance without UN sanction , against a nation that had not attacked them , had not threatened to attack them , was not capable of attacking them � and had no connection whatsoever to the 9/11 attacks , which even today are cited as the main reason for the invasion of Iraq .
Just a few weeks ago , Tony Blair was passionately defending the unprovoked attack by saying that 9/11 " changed everything , " and meant that the Anglo - American alliance could not " take the risk " that Iraq might , at some point , somehow , pose some kind of threat to the two rich , powerful , nuclear - armed nations thousands of miles away .
And of course , the invading soldiers themselves had been indoctrinated with the idea that the rape of Iraq was " payback for 9/11 , " as numerous news stories cited at the time ( such as this one , which John Caruso reminded us of just the other day ) .
This attitude was likewise shared by the great and good of American establishment , such as prominent , prize - winning liberal columnist Thomas Friedman , who famously said that 9/11 meant that the United States had to strike at some Muslim country � " we could have hit Saudi Arabia �could have hit Pakistan .
We hit Iraq because we could " � as revenge for the attacks .
That is , the U.S. government had to attack and destroy an entire nation because of what the U.S. government itself said was a terrorist attack by 19 stateless , renegade extremists .
And this , even if the target country had no connection with the attack .
That is , hundreds of thousands of innocent people were required to die as " payback for 9/11 " ; it did n't matter who they were , or where they were , as long as they were Muslims .
This was the mindset of the centrist , mainstream , honored , respected American elite , as expressed by one of its most honored and respected representatives .
Recall too that by the time the unprovoked invasion was launched in March 2003 , the Anglo - American alliance had by its own admission already killed hundreds of thousands of Iraqi children ( not counting adults ) through the draconian sanctions the alliance ruthlessly enforced against the people of Iraq .
This record of mass death was publicly defended by then Secretary of State Madeline Albright , who said that the cost of the sanctions � at that time , 500,000 Iraqi children � was " worth it . "
And this was in 1996 ; the murderous sanctions had seven more years to run .
This then is the background of the still on - going war and occupation : A minimum of a million dead � most of them children � before the first shot was even fired in the March 2003 invasion .
A bare minimum of a million people � the overwhelming majority of them innocent , non-combatant civilians � killed by the war and the ravening chaos it unleashed across Iraqi society .
But not a single person has ever faced trial , or censure , or even the slightest personal inconvenience for the murder of more than 2 million Iraqis over the past two decades .
The bipartisan perpetrators of these crimes � the leading lights of the Clinton and Bush Administrations � live ensconced in comfort and privilege .
Many of them of Clinton�s associates � including his wife � are once more in power in the Obama Administration .
Many of Bush�s associates � including his Pentagon chief , most of his top generals , and his intelligence apparatchiks � are still in office .
Other accomplices of these two militarist factions are biding their time in profitable sinecures until the turning of the courtier�s wheel brings them back to the palace halls again .
And of course , Barack Obama himself has hailed the perpetuation of the Iraqi war crime as an " extraordinary " accomplishment , even as he continues to protect , entrench and expand the blood - drenched policies of his predecessors .
And so even the work of Raphael Lemkin is being celebrated in New York City , the question he raised at the end of the Second World War still casts its condemning echoes across the bipartisan political elite of the United States today :
" WHY IS IT A CRIME FOR ONE MAN TO MURDER ANOTHER , BUT NOT FOR A GOVERNMENT TO KILL MORE THAN A MILLION PEOPLE ? "
Raphael Lemkin dreamed that this question would be laid to rest by the machinery of international law and an evolutionary leap in humanity�s moral consciousness .
But today we can see that the answer is � as another American visionary has put it � blowing in the wind : the howling wind of the depravity of power .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
03/08/2010
Video : ' Reason to be worried '
by Jeremy Hooper
We consider Meredith Vieira to be a community friend and ally .
Genuinely .
We 've actually been at pro-equality events where she 's put in an appearance and / or a vow of commitment .
We also remember when a pair of " ex - gay " men were on " The View , " and Meredith was the one who most had our backs .
We trust the support and the sincerity .
So in showing you the following clip , we do n't mean to raise " Meredith is a homophobe " - inducing ire .
At all .
We really do n't feel that way about her .
However , that being said :
Our trust in her friendliness does n't negate her ability to piss us off with her public comments .
And in the following snippet , the NBC host does piss us off , indeed , when she gives a handy demonstration of the widely unaddressed ( and debatably more harmful ) problem of casual heterosexism .
Have a look :
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
" Reason to be worried " ?
Yea , Meredith ?
That 's the way you 're gonna play this one ?
Here we are talking about a profession that is filled with gay men , and an awards show whose director , choreographer , musical director , and opening performer ( among many others ) were all gay men .
We 're also talking with a cast and creative team that very well might include gay people .
Yet here we have Meredith suggesting that if there were gay affection of display , that there would be reason to " worry " ?!?
Affection between single heteros would surely elicit a " get a room " from a TV host , yet here we have morning 's most popular TV host taking a simple hug and essentially saying " get a healthy affection " ?!
It 's pretty damn offensive , if you think about it .
Now , if she were interviewing Ellen DeGeneres or the aforementioned Neil Patrick Harris , it 's pretty safe to say that she'd be respectful to their public unions .
But you know what ?
That 's the big problem here !
Because we have so many of our supposedly liberal friends who will be so nice to our lives and our loves when confronted directly with them , yet will so often go for these cheap and , frankly , stupid jokes that traffic solely in anti-gay " worry . "
In doing so , they foster the idea that same - sex affections are icky , a fear fomentation that 's not negated by their niceties when dealing with actual gay people .
Regardless of how much the purveyors of this mindset may disconnect these abstract denunciations from actual LGBT human beings or contribute to our cause , the reality is that they 're cultivating in the minds of the American public the exact kind of casual heterosexism that keeps people voting against us and then justifying it by saying " some of my best friends are gay , " keeps civil unions on the table as acceptable alternative to full marriage equality , and keeps many would - be allies apathetic to the pro-equality fight because they see gays as this odd " other . "
While she most certainly does n't mean to , Meredith is in danger of telling young gay kids that their chances of winning an easy , benign shake at this game of life are even slimmer than their chance of winning an Oscar .
That 's bad .
We cannot let this casual stuff pass anymore than we allow the organized anti-gays to get away with their deliberately detrimental nonsense .
***
* NOTE : Already hearing from some who say we should n't respond to this because Meredith is a supporter .
That 's completely unfair .
As stated in this post , we consider Meredith to be a friend and ally .
However , we can and should still nudge her ( and anyone ) in the right direction .
We need to remember that things like this are not an either / or .
We can respond to this sort of thing without breaking out the pitchforks !
We can defend our normalcy without forcing our allies to defend their support .
*** UPDATE , 3/10 : Meredith has done exactly what was needed : She 's apologized .
Your thoughts
I could be in the wrong here but I really do n't find that offensive .
I 've said the same thing to friends of mine or the occasional , " Is there something about you two I should know ? " but it 's always been in jest .
Posted by : Vast Variety | Mar 8 , 2010 12:03:34 PM
BRAVO TO YOU !!!!
Far too many in our community insist such criticisms as yours are examples of " being too sensitive , " " what does it hurt , " " they 're laughing with us , not at us , " blah blah blah .
Teaching children [ or , in fact , adults , too ] to hate themselves is sent in an infinite variety of ways , including ones such as this or even just body language such as smirks and rolling of the eyes .
And sometimes they can come , however unintentionally , in virtually the same breath .
Brava to Sandra Bullock for the only overt expression of pro gay support I heard at the Oscars last night when she included " sexual orientation " in the list of " differences " that are unimportant .
[ I know , short film winner " The New Tenants " was about a gay couple , but was that explained ?
And , no , girls , just an out gay performer performing such as NPH or gays winning awards ... my lips are sealed ... do n't count . ]
But the wonderful Bullock also , TWICE as I recall , made reference to her kiss of Streep at a previous event .
It was n't even a " good " fag joke when she actually kissed her .
Booo , Sandy , BOOOOOOOOO !
There were a number of the metastisizing " we 're not really gay , nudge nudge " celebrity schticks last night , the most elaborate [ read expensive and time consuming to produce ] was Jimmy Kimmel 's [ suspiciously ] having convinced Ben Affleck to do yet ANOTHER mini film about their " relationship " that " started " two years ago .
While not as long or explicit as the original " I 'm F - - king Ben Affleck " production that must have taken weeks and a small fortune to film and included cameos by major stars and multiple outdoor shots , this time Kimmel was simply in the same bed between Ben and his wife Jennifer Garner .
It was repeated with slight variation on Kimmel 's after Oscars special , as well as an extended " live " skit that also involved several major male celebrities as supposed members of the " Handsome Man Club " .... again , the entire premise based upon how " funny " it is that " straight " men would be involved in a club devoted literally to celebrating hot men .
How gay !
Then there was Colin Farrell 's gay innuendo about former costar and Best Actor nominee Jeremy Renner in the middle of his SALUTE to him before the award was announced .
We know Colin loves his own gay brother and was in bro's recent M2 M wedding but , grow up , Bitch !
And is it unChristian of me to still hope we will read someday of someone knocking hack " journalist " George Stephanapoulous on his ass somewhere for his going out of his way to mock Ewan McGregor being photographed kissing Jim Carrey at a premier ?
To know that George was a major in - house player in the shameful way the Clinton White House handled their 1993 surrender on lifting the military ban on gays only adds to one 's anger and nausea at his queer baiting someone 17 - yrs.
later .
McGregor 's response was classy but insufficient to modify behavior permanently .
Posted by : Michael @ LeonardMatlovich.com | Mar 8 , 2010 12:07:01 PM
VV : I see a big diff .
between " Is there something I should know ? " and " Should I be worried ? " ( Plus " no , you 're fine ? " which was her followup question ) .
Here 's my thing : Meredith 's intent was most certainly not anti-gay .
In fact , I think she would be appalled to know that she might 've come across that way .
But that does n't change the potential dangers .
I 'm someone who thinks this kind of casual heterosexism has the potential to be more damaging .
It 's the kind of thing that keeps so many of our potential allies ( like GLAAD 's so desired movable middle ) seeing us as an " other . "
So I think we can and should respond to these things without putting our supporters on the defensive .
We can simply say , " Yo Meredith -- that was a dumb comment . "
As humans we love to boil things down .
Activists can be the worst offenders .
But I think we need to learn as a community that it 's not homophobic vs. not homophobic :
There is grey area .
Personally I think this is one of those times to find a teachable moment without resorting to rage .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Mar 8 , 2010 12:16:51 PM
Thank you for posting this !
I sent a comment into the Today show , and cc'd GLAAD , because it totally pissed me off .
I do n't care how supportive Viera is , her comments were totally out of line , and inspired the cast members in quetion to express , if not homophobia , at least a quick denial of anything " wrong " with their hug .
With the debate over DADT and the lies of the anti-gay right about how openly gay people will " sexualize " the military , the implication that two men who spent a long , difficult stretch in the desert ( in this case acting ) would somehow morph into gays is a bit sick .
Posted by : CPT_Doom | Mar 8 , 2010 12:55:31 PM
I think this really points out pretty much exactly why we face an uphill battle at the polls .
We have a lot of demonstrable support from the straight population , but even those whose support for us is most heartfelt , seem to harbor some misgivings about us .
Maybe we overreact at what she might just consider gentle ribbing , but that " ribbing " is probably indicative of a mildly ( if not more so ) xenophobic nature .
And it may not reach to a level of being sinister , but for a lot of people , it may rise to the level where they " do n't hate us , but do n't trust us ( or do fear us ) " .
And that " icky " ( cooties - for want of a better word ) feeling about us , allows the people who hate us to get their vote .
In this case , I think the vote for us is secure , but for every Meredith Vieira , there are thousands of others who may be more susceptible to NOM 's negative ads about us .
The big question becomes , how do we overcome that ?
Posted by : Dick Mills | Mar 8 , 2010 1:54:20 PM
Proving once again that there 's no adult supervision at AfterElton , they describe the latest manifestation of the Kimmel Virus last night as " one of the cuter moments of the evening . "
Yeh , " fag jokes " = " cute . "
Posted by : Michael @ LeonardMatlovich.com | Mar 8 , 2010 2:45:26 PM
Just imagine Sidney Poitier getting this same question if he hugged a white female costar when he won best actor in 1963 .
It would n't have been surprising nor would the mainstream have found anything wrong with it , unfortunately .
We have a LONG way to go .
Posted by : Todd | Mar 8 , 2010 9:05:54 PM
I agree with you .
I called NBC and wrote them at Noah Kotch , executive and emailed PFLAF for their awareness .
Meredith may have not been thinking but her views were meant so she needs to apologize .
Posted by : Cheryl Christopher | Mar 9 , 2010 7:47:04 AM
I commented on Facebook , wrote to GLAAD , so people are talking about this .
As far as defamation goes , her comment is n't the worst thing I 've heard .
Yet I was surprised and shocked to hear something so unenlightened coming from Vieira .
And why is it so wrong that two straight men could be affectionate that it has too be confronted and joked about ?
The lack of affection shown between men of any sort is another problem of sexism and homophobia .
Posted by : Phil | Mar 9 , 2010 11:37:04 AM
I 've always hated these jokes .
They hurt me at the core of me , and I 've never been sure about whether I should stand up for myself when it's a pro-gay person saying it , not wanting them to think I 'm being too picky or something .
It was even worse when I was in the closet , because it sent me the message that even if this person is ok with gay people , I 'M still for some reason not supposed to be gay .
I think it 's something we SHOULD address , just calmly and directly .
Has anyone been trying to contact her more directly about it ?
Posted by : Lofn | Mar 9 , 2010 12:29:52 PM
@ Lofn :
Thanks for sharing your frustrations .
The thing we have to remember , as a community , is that we can and should stand up for ourselves against anything that we perceive to be an affront , whether it be a 1 or a 10 on the offend - o - meter .
We have a tendency to think that responding = rage , but there 's certainly no reason why it has to .
We can craft rational pushback that respects and honors the commitment that the individual ( in this case Meredith ) has shown to us , but at the same time recognizes the ability for anyone , even our friends , to sometimes say misguided things .
We can remove our muzzles without grabbing our pitchforks .
Yes , people have been in touch with " Today . "
Hopefully the message has gotten through , even if it 's not addressed on - air .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Mar 9 , 2010 12:37:10 PM
Jeremy -
I just wanted to pop in and tell you that I think this is one of the best posts you 've written .
You really nailed it .
I 'm glad to see she apologized ; I 'm sure your post was given to her as an example of why people were upset .
Good FOR You . :)
Posted by : Bil Browning | Mar 11 , 2010 1:04:55 AM
Thanks , B.B. It was either this or stand outside the " Today " studio with a big ass sign .
But ya know -- it was cold and I , true to blogger custom , was in pajamas .
This seemed much easier ;-)
Posted by : G - A - Y | Mar 11 , 2010 8:12:17 AM
G - A-Y , I am so glad you wrote this post !
I am truly sick of " our straight friends " who think heterosexist remarks like these are so perfectly cool , or who describe things as " gay " derogatorily .
This really is a problem of the younger set , the post - Boomer crowd .
Straight Boomers are either truly our friends or they 're not , and are n't trying to straddle the fence , playing ( cynically ? ) both to gay people and to standardly heterosexist straight people of their own generations .
Part of the difference is that while Boomers and even older folks express their homophobia as uptightness , fear and hostility , post - Boomers straights are much more likely to express it as a sort of smirking superiority ; they gently chuckle at what in their eyes are our funny little foibles .
To be openly homophobic to post -Boomer straight guys is to show themselves to be insecure about their own masculinity , while amused tolerance fits their desired self - image so much better .
When I look at these " pro-gay " younger straight people and see how greatly heterosexist attitudes toward us still pervade their actions and words , it can be difficult to believe we 've really come all that far since my youth , even though the political changes since then are hugely obvious .
Posted by : Donny D. | Mar 12 , 2010 7:26:59 AM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Asegura la senadora Beatriz Zavala que investigadores de la NASA calificaron a esta regi�n como el mejor sitio para el desarrollo de la agencia mexicana
MERIDA , YUCAT�N | Mi�rcoles 21 de abril de 2010
YAZMIN RODRIGUEZ GALAZ | El Universal
18:18
I ’m happy to report that registration is now open for C++ and Beyond 2010 with me , Scott Meyers , and Andrei Alexandrescu .
The event will start on the evening of Sunday October 24 with a reception , to be followed by three solid breakfast - to - bedtime days full of structured and unstructured technical content and learning opportunities in what is designed to be a C++- and - more immersion retreat .
Over the past few days , Scott has written up three nice informational pieces on the C&B blog :
C++ and Beyond event structure :
How it ’s not a conference , runs from morning till late night daily for in - depth technical immersion , and more .
The venue for C&B : A description of the event location and surroundings , focusing on what makes it a perfect fit for our kind of up - close - and - personal event .
Registration is now open !
Quoting most of today ’s announcement :
Groups of 3 or more get 10 % off , and individual or group registration during the Early Bird period ( now until July 24 ) knocks another 10 % off the price .
Attendance is limited to 60 , so if you ’re interested in being part of C&B , I suggest you register as soon as you can .
Click here to register .
We hope to see you atop Snoqualmie Falls in October !
I ’m looking forward to this information - packed and not - boring - conference event , and spending time with many of you one - on - one .
Keynesian and Monetarist clowns were upset with Bernanke about bank lending and money suppy , even before Bernanke 's discount rate move .
Please consider US bank lending falls at fastest rate in history .
Tim Congdon from International Monetary Research said demands for higher capital ratios and continued losses from the credit crisis are both causing banks to cut lending .
The risk of a double - dip recession – or worse – is growing by the day .
" It is absurdly premature to think of withdrawing stimulus while bank credit is still sliding .
To have allowed this monetary collapse to occur a full 18 months after the financial cataclysm is extreme incompetence .
They seem to have forgotten that the lesson of the 1930s was the falling quantity of money , " he said .
Paul Ashworth , US economist for Capital Economics , said that certain Fed officials are clearly worried about lending since they slipped in a warning that bank credit " continues to contract " in their latest statement .
" The reason the Great Depression became ' great ' was the contraction of credit .
You would have thought that a student of the Depression like Bernanke would be alarmed by this , " said Mr Ashworth .
Total Bank Credit Drops At Record Pace
David Rosenberg from Gluskin Sheff said lending has fallen by over $ 100 bn ( £ 63.8 bn ) since January , plummeting at an annual rate of 16 pc .
" Since the credit crisis began , $ 740 bn of bank credit has evaporated .
This is a record 10 pc decline , " he said .
Total Bank Credit Of Commercial Banks
No Short Cuts
From Hoenig ...
Finally , there are no short - cuts .
We currently must adjust from a misallocation of resources .
There is no way to avoid some short - term pain in fixing the fundamentals in our economy .
It is inconvenient for the election cycle , and it is undeniably terrible to have at least 10 percent of the labor force out of work .
But short cuts now mean people out of work again in only a few years because we again try and avoid difficult adjustments .
Outlining a credible course for managing our debt for the future will accelerate the restoration of confidence in our economy and contribute importantly to sustainable capital investment and job growth .
Greece rocked by riots as up to 60,000 people take to streets to protest against government
Street clashes broke out between rioting youths and police in central Athens today as tens of thousands demonstrated during a nationwide strike against the cash - strapped government .
Hundreds of masked and hooded youths punched and kicked motorcycle police , knocking several off their bikes , as police responded with volleys of tear gas and stun grenades .
The violence spread after the end of the march to a nearby square , where police faced off with stone - throwing anarchists and suffocating clouds of tear gas sent patrons scurrying from open - air cafes .
Police say 16 suspected rioters were detained and two officers were injured .
Stand off : Greek police dodge petrol bombs hurled by rioters on the streets of Athens as protests against new measures to boost the economy turn violent
Up close :
A flaming bottle flies towards a has - masked police officer who steps back to avoid being hit
Rioters used sledge hammers to smash the glass fronts of more than a dozen shops , banks , jewelers and a cinema .
Youths also set fire to rubbish bins and a car , smashed bus stops , and chopped blocks off marble balustrades and building facades to use as projectiles .
Organisers said some 60,000 people took part in the protest .
But an unofficial police estimate set the crowd at around 20,000 - including those that took part in a separate , peaceful march earlier Thursday .
Police do not issue official crowd estimates for demonstrations .
Thursday 's strike - the second in a week - brought the country to a virtual standstill , grounding all flights and bringing public transport to a halt .
Chaos :
A demonstrator kicks a tear gas canister as the 24 hour general strike turns ugly
Blockade : Strikers estimate up to 60,000 people had taken to the streets
State hospitals were left with emergency staff only and all news broadcasts were suspended as workers walked off the job for 24 hours to protest spending cuts and tax hikes designed to tackle the country 's debt crisis .
Riot police made heavy use of tear gas during the start - and - stop clashes throughout the demonstration , including outside Parliament .
Strikers and protesters banged drums and chanted slogans such as ' no sacrifice for plutocracy , ' and 'real jobs , higher pay . '
People draped banners from apartment buildings reading : ' No more sacrifices , war against war .
The demonstrators included hundreds of black - clad anarchists in crash helmets and ski masks , who repeatedly taunted and attacked riot police with stones and petrol bombs , at one point spraying officers with brown paint .
Extreme measures : Masked rioters set fire to a car during the demonstration
Force : Hundreds of police were deployed during the protests
Shopkeepers along the demonstration route hastily rolled down their shutters , while a few blocks away , people sat at outdoor restaurants , nonchalantly continuing their meals .
Tear gas wafted through the city center 's streets , sending businessmen in suits scurrying for cover , their eyes streaming .
Minor clashes also broke out in the northern city of Thessaloniki , where about 14,000 people marched through the center .
Fears of a Greek default have undermined the euro for all 16 countries that share it , putting the Greek government under intense European Union pressure to quickly show fiscal improvement .
It has announced a raft of savings through public sector salary cuts , hiring and pension freezes and consumer tax hikes to deal with its ballooning deficit , but the measures have led to a new wave of labor discontent .
The cutbacks , added to a previous austerity plan , seek to reduce the country 's budget deficit from 12.7 percent of annual output to 8.7 percent this year .
The long - term target is to bring overspending below the EU ceiling of 3 percent of GDP in 2012 .
The new plan sparked a wave of strikes and protests from labour unions whose reaction to the initial austerity measures had been muted .
Violence : Baton - wielding riot police clash with demonstrators in Athens
Target : A rioter sets fire to entrance of a hoteis
Thursday 's strike shut down all public services and schools , leaving ferries tied up at port and suspending all news broadcasts for the day .
However , some private bank branches were open despite calls from the bank employees ' union to participate in the strike .
While their colleagues clashed with groups of protesters , some police joined the demonstration .
About 200 uniformed police , coast guard and fire brigade officers , who cannot go on strike but can hold protests , gathered at a square in the center of the city shortly before the marches got under way .
' The police and other security forces have been particularly hard hit by the new measures because our salaries are very low , ' said Yiannis Fanariotis , general secretary of one police association .
Joining the protest ' does n't feel strange , because we are working people like everybody else and we are all shouting out for our rights , ' he said .
The government says the tough cuts are its only way to dig Greece out of a crisis that has hammered the common European currency and alarmed international markets - inflating the loan - dependent country 's borrowing costs .
But unions say ordinary Greeks are being called to pay a disproportionate price for past fiscal mismanagement .
' They are trying to make workers pay the price for this crisis , ' said Yiannis Panagopoulos , leader of Greece 's largest union , the GSEE .
' These measures will not be effective and will throw the economy into deep freeze . '
A general strike last Friday was marred by violence during a large protest march .
Riot police used tear gas and baton charges against rock - throwing protesters , who smashed banks and storefronts , while left - wing protesters roughed up Panagopoulos as he was addressing a rally .
The labour unrest could spark fears that the government will have trouble in implementing its new measures .
Greece insists it does n't need a bailout , and its European partners are reluctant to fund one .
But it has called for European and international support for its program , saying that unless it receives that support and the cost for it to borrow on the market falls , it might have to appeal to the International Monetary Fund for help .
On Wednesday night , Deputy Prime Minister Theodore Pangalos said Greece could bypass the costly process of borrowing from edgy markets by urging international institutions to buy its bonds at a set interest rate .
' We want , if there is an unjustified speculative attack against Greek bonds , to know that one of these institutions that have the substantial means to absorb such market products will come and say " look here , I am buying Greek bonds at this price , with this interest rate , " ' Pangalos told private Mega TV .
He did not say which institutions he was referring to , or elaborate on the interest rate .
It was all over but the press release .
For weeks now we 've seen information about the HTC Incredible -- now officially the Verizon Droid Incredible -- pour out of the woodwork .
And now , it 's real .
For all intents and purposes , what we 're looking at is the HTC Desire with Verizon branding .
Same 3.7 - inch 480x800 - pixel AMOLED capacitive touchscreen , same HTC Sense user interface , same trackpad instead of a trackball .
Same 1GHz Snapdragon processor .
The camera 's been upped to 8 megapixels , and there are 8 gigabytes of internal memory for music , photos and video .
But what about the Verizon Nexus One ?
Make no mistake , this is not it .
The Nexus One is Google 's baby .
The Droid Incredible is Verizon's .
And at this point , it 's poised to do major battle with Sprint 's Evo 4G come summertime .
The Incredible will arrive first , slated for preorders on April 19 ( that 's Monday ) and will be in stores on April 29 .
Pricing is set at $ 199 after two - year contract and a $ 100 rebate .
We 'll have plenty more coverage of the Verizon Droid Incredible as we near launch .
In the meantime , check out the full presser and specs after the break .
And in the meantime , head into our Droid Incredible forums to chat your little heads off .
News
All
Florence and the Machine Florence and the Machine
Photos from Coachella 2010 Day Three Gallery - Thom Yorke , Pavement , Florence and the Machine Plus Gorillaz , Charlotte Gainsbourg , Jónsi , Mayer Hawthorne , Deerhunter
Photography by Wendy Lynch Redfern
Staff photographer and Under the Radar 's Co-Publisher / Co-Founder , Wendy Lynch Redfern , was at Coachella 2010 .
Check out a gallery of her photos from the third day of Coachella 2010 .
The gallery includes photos of Thom Yorke , Pavement , Florence and the Machine , Gorillaz , Charlotte Gainsbourg , Jónsi , Mayer Hawthorne , Deerhunter , and The Big Pink .
Click here to view the full gallery .
American Airlines said it will begin furloughing 19,000 workers after lawmakers and the White House can’t agree on a coronavirus relief deal .
The aid package that avoided layoffs since March expires on October 1 .
ATmega Slugs SparkFun gets counterfeit parts , buys nitric acid and a microscope , finds lack of silicon .
Favorited Favorite 1
You may or may not be aware , but there was a pretty wicked shortage of ATmega328s back in December of 2009 .
Both DIP and the surface mount TQFP packages were hard to find .
We had a good mix of sources , and had plenty of ICs coming in , but at the same time our volume was increasing at a blistering pace so we quickly saw the brick wall coming towards us .
To avoid going out of stock we started looking for any supplier that had stock .
We normally buy buttons , connectors , and passives from our suppliers in Taiwan , Shenzhen , Hong Kong , and Ningbo .
This was our first time with this supplier , and the first time we ordered anything more complex than an LED , so we sort of expected this , but it 's a fun lesson all the same .
On the left is an IC from one of our US suppliers ( Digikey , Arrow , Future , or Mouser ) .
On the right is what we got from our new supplier .
There 's all sorts of weird issues with the ICs that came in from the questionable supplier .
We first noticed the date code .
On the left we have ' 1004 ' meaning this IC was fabbed the 4th week in 2010 .
The fake on the right reads ' 0723 ' or the 23rd week of 2007 .
But was the ATmega328 even being produced at that time ?
The oldest post I can dig up is from EMSL dated September 27th of 2008 .
I think they were some of the first people to actually touch an ATmega328 .
So it 's pretty unlikely these ICs were fabbed in the middle of June 2007 , a year and three months before Windell and Lenor ( and Jellybean ) got a hold of one ...
Needless to say , we were suspicious .
So before we went on a binge of product building , we built a few units for testing .
None worked .
We poked , probed , read the datasheet .
Maybe the ICs are pulls and came pre-programmed ?
Maybe the ISP fuse is blown ?
But alas , nothing worked so we decided to talk to Lindsay , our resident biologist ( with friends in chemistry ) to get us some access to nitric acid .
If Bunnie can acid etch ICs , why can't we ?
Chip descapsulation is actually quite nasty requiring hot nitric acid ( we had to get our acid bath up to 150C / 300 F ) , serious fume extraction and lots of safety gear on hand .
Do not try this at home !
But find a friend - this is just way too cool ...
Under the hood :
On the left is the ATmega328 .
The gold dots around the black border are the remnants of bonding wires that connect the die in the middle to the pins / legs on the outside of the chip .
On the right is the ' slug ' or counterfeit ATmega328 - there is a lack of bonding wires , and really anything .
It looks like a chunk of copper .
Better than coal I guess .
The ATmega328 die got damaged a bit with mechanical abrasion .
With the 65 % nitric acid that Lindsay used , it still took over an hour of bathing and scraping the ICs to get under the hood .
I 'm not sure what it is ( maybe copper ? ) , but it certainly is n't anything silicon .
The markings on the back of the ICs were a little disconcerting as well .
They obviously did n't match , but the counterfeits had ' Taiwan ' embossed on the bottom of the IC .
Upon closer inspection of the legitimate ATmega328 , it says Taiwan ( lower right corner ) as well so this marking was actually not too bad .
The overall thickness of the ICs did not match either .
The reel that the counterfeits came on had pretty good looking labels .
We get our regular ATmegas in trays rather than tape and reel so we could n't compare packaging , but it 's obvious someone tried pretty hard to make these look legit .
So what did we learn from this ?
Trust your gut instinct .
From the beginning we knew something was n't quite right .
This is the very first transaction out of over 7,000 where we ended up with the proverbial chunk of coal .
Is there anything we can do ?
Not really .
We will certainly never see our money again .
But surely SparkFun has insurance or some protection !
From who exactly ?
While this may sound like it 's horrendous , we actually hold great power .
With over 7,000 transactions , we have never been burned .
Why ?
Because with most components and suppliers , there is plenty of competition : if any one supplier causes us pain we simply never use them again and reward the suppliers that treat us well .
Before these counterfeit ATmegas , we had nothing but very professional transactions .
There are far more legitimate businesses that are hungry for our business in this world than there are slight - of - hand professionals .
We were in a pinch and did n't vet the supplier like we should have .
Live and learn .
We now have a reel of these ATmega328 Slugs , so feel free to pickup your own piece of SparkFun history ...
For you know , soldering practice , or miniature skeet shooting .
Be sure to read the original post , the follow up report , the discovery of what 's inside and the final identification of the IC !
Earth changes predictions , what will sink and what will rise .
This thread is getting very long .
But it 's time for a summary post nonetheless .
What is Google doing ?
We made some changes today that are allowing us to block hijackers in real time .
Accounts identified as hijacked are being sent to phone verification and forced to change their passwords .
Typically only a few spams are making it out from these accounts , if any .
It is absolutely certain that the spammers will respond quickly , and try to hide themselves better .
So this does n't mean the problem is solved .
We have many people working on hijacking right now .
Some of them are working on medium to longer term projects - look for announcements on these efforts over the next few months .
Others are working on shorter term projects which will typically not be announced .
For instance , we 're improving our hijacking detection system ( the thing that generates the red warning bar ) to make it faster and stronger .
We 're also improving the account recovery process to help more people recover their account after a hijacking .
Why we believe Google is not hacked
There has been a lot of discussion of this .
I do n't want to try and address every theory , but here is some more background .
There is a wave of hijackings impacting many large websites right now .
Facebook , Hotmail , Yahoo , Craigslist - all these sites are seeing problems with accounts being stolen en-masse as well .
That 's because there is n't one underlying flaw that 's being exploited , it 's the generally poor state of computer security that 's the weak link .
We have penetrated areas of the black market and observed stolen accounts being bought and sold .
Other companies have done so too .
These accounts come in various forms .
Some of them clearly leave evidence of how they were obtained , eg , via keylogging viruses and web site break ins .
We have seen people selling hundreds of thousands of accounts on various Russian hacker forums , a mix of different email providers .
Sadly , these guys do n't need to hack Google or Microsoft or any other big company - they can get all the accounts they want via other means .
You can read a report on one recent incident here
That story is about Facebook but I want to emphasize that this is not an attempt to shift blame .
This is not a Facebook specific problem .
This is a problem that is impacting the entire computer industry right now .
What you can do to help
We all have friends or relatives who use email .
We 're working on this from our end , but you can help by reminding your friends of good security practice .
Read the sticky post in this forum for a great list compiled by MrEvan and the top contributors in this forum .
Quick points you can tell them :
• Use a unique password for your email account .
Never share it with another site , as hijackers can get other sites to send them forgotten password links
• If you receive a mail from a company that asks you to log in , navigate to the companies website directly .
Do n't click links in emails especially if they ask you to log in .
• Avoid viruses .
Keep your software but especially your web browser and plugins up to date .
Avoid pirated software .
Use an AV scanner .
Microsoft provide a free antivirus scanner if your friends do n't subscribe to one already called Security Essentials .
I hope this helps clear some stuff up .
Good evening everyone ,
The latest U.S. Treasury Z1 Flow of Funds report was released on March 11 , 2010 , bringing the data current through the end of 2009 .
What follows is the most important chart of your lifetime .
It relegates almost all modern economists and economic theory to the dustbin of history .
Any economic theory , formula , or relationship that does not consider this non-linear relationship of DEBT and phase transition is destined to fail .
It explains the " jobless " recoveries of the past and how each recent economic cycle produces higher money figures , yet lower employment .
It explains why we are seeing debt driven events that circle the globe .
It explains the psychological uneasiness that underpins this point in history , the elephant in the room that nobody sees or can describe .
This is a very simple chart .
It takes the change in GDP and divides it by the change in Debt .
What it shows is how much productivity is gained by infusing $ 1 of debt into our debt backed money system .
Back in the early 1960s a dollar of new debt added almost a dollar to the nation ’s output of goods and services .
As more debt enters the system the productivity gained by new debt diminishes .
This produced a path that was following a diminishing line targeting ZERO in the year 2015 .
This meant that we could expect that each new dollar of debt added in the year 2015 would add NOTHING to our productivity .
Then a funny thing happened along the way .
Macroeconomic DEBT SATURATION occurred causing a phase transition with our debt relationship .
This is because total income can no longer support total debt .
In the third quarter of 2009 each dollar of debt added produced NEGATIVE 15 cents of productivity , and at the end of 2009 , each dollar of new debt now SUBTRACTS 45 cents from GDP !
This is mathematical PROOF that debt saturation has occurred .
Continuing to add debt into a saturated system , where all money is debt , leads only to future defaults and to higher unemployment .
This is the dilemma created by our top down debt backed money structure .
Because all money is backed by a liability , and carries interest , it guarantees mathematically that there will be losers and that the system will eventually reach the natural limits , the ability of incomes to service debt .
The data for the diminishing productivity of debt chart comes from the U.S. Treasury ’s latest Z1 data , the complete report is posted below :
On page two of that report is the following table showing the Growth of Non Financial Debt : I included Financial debt onto the end of the table , that data comes from page 14 of the Z1 report .
This table makes clear what is happening .
Business , household , and financial debt is trying to cleanse itself , to bring the level of debt back within the ability of incomes to support it .
Our governments , armed with people who cannot explain the common sense behind debt saturation , are attempting to compensate by producing prolific amounts of Governmental debt .
They feel they must do this because if they do not , then debt and money – since debt backs our money – would both decrease and that would cause the economy to slow .
But by adding money , and debt , they have created a sovereign issue where our nation ’s income cannot possibly service our nation ’s debt .
In just the month of February , for example , our nation took in $ 107 billion , but spent $ 328 billion , a $ 221 billion shortfall .
That one month shortfall exceeds all the combined shortfalls of the entire Nixon Administration – one month .
This is like an individual earning $ 5,000 but spending $ 15,000 a month .
Would you lend your money to such an individual ?
Last year we spent just under $ 400 billion on interest on our current debt , plus we spend another $ 1.5 Trillion buying down rates via Freddie , Fannie , and Quantitative Easing .
That ’s $ 1.9 Trillion spent on interest , most of which wound up in the hands of the central banks and their surrogates .
Compared to our $ 2.2 Trillion in income , interest expense last year nearly took it all .
That means that nearly all your productive effort used to pay Federal taxes last year were transferred to the central banks .
Modern monetary theory does not understand , nor does it correctly describe the debt backed money world in which we live .
Velocity , for example , slows as debt saturation occurs .
This is only common sense , and yet the formulas do not account for the bad math of debt , nor its non linear function .
Velocity is blamed partially on the psychology of “ consumers . ”
What nonsense .
It is as mechanical as the engine in your car , it was designed that way .
Once people , businesses , and governments become saturated with debt , new money / debt when introduced can only be used to service prior existing debt .
Thus money creation at the saturation point stops adding to productive efforts and becomes a roll - over affair with only the financial services industry profiting via interest and fees .
In other words , money goes out and circles right back around to the banks instead of rippling through a healthy non saturated economy .
If you cannot follow that most simple logic , then going to Harvard will not help you .
Below is a chart of the Gross Federal Debt , it is now $ 12.6 Trillion dollars and headed straight up , a classic parabolic rise : Below is a chart of the Gross Federal Debt expressed in year - over - year change in billions of dollars .
The same phase transition of debt saturation is clear as a bell .
Below is a chart of Federal Net Outlays , parabolic and again headed straight up : Clearly this is not sustainable and that means that change to our monetary system is rapidly approaching .
No , it will not be left to your children or your grandchildren .
It is an immediate problem and fortunately there is an immediate solution .
That solution is called “ Freedom ’s Vision . ”
It can be found at SwarmUSA.com
That chart of diminishing returns is the window to understanding why humankind is trapped in a central banker debt backed money box .
No money for NASA manned space flight – NASA ’s total budget a puny $ 18 billion in comparison to the $ 1.9 Trillion that went to service the bankers last year .
One half the schools closing in Kansas City , states whose debts and budget deficits seem insurmountable all pale in comparison to how much money went to service the use of our own money system .
It does n’t have to be like that , in fact it ’s a ridiculous notion that the people of the United States , or any country , should pay private individuals for the use of their money system .
Ridiculous !
It ’s difficult to see this from inside the box , so let ’s look at what happened to Iceland to illustrate .
The central banks of the world created financial engineered products and brought them to the banks of Iceland .
These products created a boom in the amount of credit .
Prices of everything rose , and the people of Iceland then had no choice but to go along for the bubble ride .
Then with incomes no longer able to service the bubble debt , the bubble collapsed .
To “ save the day , ” the IMF and central bankers around the world rushed in to “ rescue ” the people , banks , and government of Iceland .
They did this by offering loans ... documents that create money simply by signing a contract of debt servitude .
That contract demanded ownership of Iceland ’s infrastructure such as their geothermal electrical generating plants .
It also demanded the future productivity of the people of Iceland in that they should work and pay high taxes for decades to pay back this “ debt . ”
Debt that they did not create or agree to service in the first place !
There were some wise people who saw through this central banker game and started a movement .
They DEMANDED that the President of Iceland put the debt servitude to a vote and the people wisely said , “ Central Bankers Pound Sand !
” Thus they now control their own destiny , their future productive efforts still belong to them .
It ’s easy to see from the outside looking in , but it ’s not so easy to see that it 's EXACTLY the same thing occurring in the United States and no one is rising up to stop it .
No one , that is , except the movement of people at SwarmUSA.com
To all the naysayers who think the people do not have the power to make the change , I say take a look at history and how humankind has overcome its obstacles to progress with each new step .
Mankind is now teetering between the brink and the dawn of a new renaissance .
A new renaissance is coming because mankind is about to free itself from the chains of needless debt that are holding humanity back .
* Note : A follow - up to this article exists here : Guest Post and More on THE Most Important Chart of the Century
A set of Chinese government censorship guidelines recently leaked to the Internet provides a rare and intimate window into the thinking of propaganda officials .
The list of prohibitions issued to editors ranges from the extremely broad , such as the injunction against “ negative news , ” to the bizarrely specific , such as the ban on the blooming of a particular flower in southern China .
Following are excerpts from media guidelines that the Communist Party propaganda department and the government Bureau of Internet Affairs , conveyed to top editors before this month ’s annual sessions of the National People ’s Congress and the Chinese People ’s Political Consultative Conference .
The sessions are often referred to here as “ the two meetings . ”
Such internal guidelines are typically circulated weekly , and the list issued before this year ’s sessions was described as considerably lengthier than the norm .
A portion was posted on the Internet , and independently confirmed and translated by the Beijing bureau of The New York Times .
Annotations by The Times are in brackets .
There is more to an internet connection than just the ethernet cable that a lot of people use in this day and age .
Many people find themselves concerned about not only the speed and strength of their internet connection , but also their privacy levels .
Cyber security has become a major concern for people in recent …
ST . PAUL , Minn. , March 29 ( UPI ) --
With temperatures in the 50s Monday and no cold front in sight , Minnesota 's Twin Cities are nearing their first snowless March in 132 years , officials say .
The last time the Minneapolis - St.
Paul area went an entire March without a smidgen of snow was 1878 , the St. Paul Pioneer Press reported .
That 's quite the anomaly for the northern metropolitan region that receives an average of 10.4 inches of snow in March .
That 's second only to January , which averages 13.5 inches in the Minneapolis - St.
Paul area .
Advertisement
" We are definitely 10.4 inches short of normal for the month , " said Pete Boulay , assistant state climatologist for the Minnesota State Climatology Working Group .
" There has n't been even a trace of snow reported . "
Boulay said this March is stacking up as one of the 10 warmest on record , as well , with an average temperature of about 39 degrees .
The warmest March came in 1910 , when the month averaged 45 degrees .
" If you would have told me March 1 when we had a foot of snow on the ground that we would have lost it all by the 13th or 14th , I would n't have believed you , " Boulay said .
" It 's interesting how persistent the warmth and balmy conditions have been . "
Using tilt - shift and stop- motion photography , filmmaker Clark Vogeler has created a portrait of car - filled LA that , for once , is n't about congestion .
Instead , it sees bustling highways and hive - like surface streets with a sense of innocent wonder .
Advertisement
[ via Clark Vogeler ]
NEWPORT BEACH , Calif . —
Mike Kai thought one of his surfing buddies was thumping around on his rooftop deck , but it turned out to be a wayward sea lion pup , enjoying the view of Newport Beach at sunrise .
Kai said he could n't imagine how the pinniped made it up the stairs and onto the roof early Thursday .
While Kai called Animal Control , the pup showed off , wiggling along a railing on his belly , two stories above the ground .
The sea lion was taken to the Pacific Marine Mammal Center in Laguna Beach , where volunteers named him Fiddler , after the Broadway musical " Fiddler on the Roof . "
Staff there say he is underweight , probably because he was recently weaned and having trouble finding food on his own .
They say sea lions are mobile and curious , and have been found everywhere from a restaurant kitchen to a public restroom .
-- Associated Press
Stay up - to - date on animal news : Follow Unleashed on Facebook and Twitter .
Video : kaiguy via YouTube
Chocolate has a " feel - good " factor , researchers say People who regularly eat chocolate are more depressive , experts have found .
Research in Archives of Internal Medicine shows those who eat at least a bar every week are more glum than those who only eat chocolate now and again .
Many believe chocolate has the power to lift mood , and the US team say this may be true , although scientific proof for this is lacking .
But they say they cannot rule out that chocolate may be a cause rather than the cure for being depressed .
In the study , which included nearly 1,000 adults , the more chocolate the men and women consumed the lower their mood .
Those who ate the most - more than six regular 28g size bars a month - scored the highest on depression , using a recognised scale .
None of the men and women were on antidepressants or had been diagnosed as clinically depressed by a doctor .
' Mood food '
Dr Natalie Rose and her colleagues from the University of California , San Diego , say there are many possible explanations for their findings , and that these need to be explored .
It may simply be that people who are depressed crave chocolate as a " self - treatment " to lift mood , or depression may drive the craving without any beneficial effect .
" Alternatively , analogous with alcohol , there could be short - term benefits of chocolate to mood with longer - term untoward effects , " they told the journal .
Chocolate could even be a direct cause of depression , the researchers added .
Bridget O'Connell , of the mental health charity Mind , said : " The way we feel and what we eat can be closely related , and many people will be familiar with craving particular foods or comfort eating when they are stressed , under pressure or depressed .
" However , as this study shows , more research is needed to determine exactly what the relationship between chocolate and our mood is . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The northern Nigerian kingdom of Kumbwada has been ruled by women for centuries : according to legend , any man who assumes the throne dies .
The problem ?
Advertisement
Says the Los Angeles Times ,
In Nigeria 's conservative Islamic north , women are barred from ruling , except in the kingdom of Kumbwada .
Here , an ancient curse keeps males off the throne , according to locals .
Male pretenders who dare to try will be buried within a week .
Advertisement
The current reigning monarch of the modest kingdom is Queen Hajiya Haidzatu Ahmed , part of a dynasty that 's ruled for centuries .
Says the queen , who arbitrates disputes , has a zero - tolerance approach to wife - beating and sees that women get a fair hearing in a part of the country that 's not often kind to them , " It 's a women 's affair ... Women are the rulers and they rule as effectively as men , sometimes even better than men . "
She adds ,
" When domestic issues come to me , the way I treat them will be quite different to other traditional chiefs .
I 'm a woman and I 'm a mother and I have so much concern and experience when it comes to the issue of marriage and what it means for the maintenance of the home and what it means for two people to live together .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The legend of the curse on male rulers , however , has led some Islamic clerics from neighboring regions to suggest that witchcraft is at work .
Robyn Dixon 's fascinating piece is , in fact , the only account on the Internet : the region is so small , and the country so large , that Kumbwada does n't even appear on most maps , and certainly not in Wikipedia entries .
Which is both a very nifty accomplishment for the author and somewhat frustrating : it 's heartening to hear about such a story in a region that gets far more press for subjugation of women .
In addition , the Queen is an impressive figure who says ,
My only handicap is that I do n't have a Western education , because in my time , people did n't educate their daughters .
I 'm not educated in the modern way , but in the traditional way , I have wisdom in my dealings with people .
I 'm proud to say that it would be hard to find someone educated who could rule as well as I can .
Advertisement
This is a story that should be told .
No Man Dares Sit On This Nigerian Throne [ LAT ]
when accommodationists lash out at atheists
According to David Scharfenberg , Ken Miller is the only sane , rational person in the debate about how evolution should be taught , a debate led almost exclusively by foaming - at - the - mouth irrational extremists on both sides .
Illustration by Rawpixel
Poor , poor Ken Miller .
Despite being a biology professor at a prestigious university , authoring textbooks and a pair of popular tomes dismantling creationist rhetoric against the theory of evolution and having the respect of many non-theists and fellow scientists , he ’s doomed to a life as a punching bag for rabid creationists and the vocal breed of atheists cast as convenient villains by accommodationist writers .
That ’s the gist of an article by reporter David Scharfenberg , who interviewed Jerry Coyne and PZ Myers for their views on Miller ’s work and decided that instead of presenting a fair and nuanced view of their thoughts on Miller , he was going to ditch all the complimentary things they said about him and portray the biologists as rabid pitbulls who only have nasty comments about his subject .
I suppose preserving the narrative was much more important than the facts …
I ’m not sure that Miller is particularly flattered by an article which casts him as “ an honorable man ” surrounded by mindless lunatics from both sides of the debate , in keeping with the Mooney / Hagerty / Gilgoff / Ruse style of portraying atheists .
You see , in the press , atheists are not allowed to hold complex or nuanced opinions .
They must be single - minded , condescending , cantankerous loudmouths with nothing of value to add to a debate , the exact counterpart to fundamentalist caricatures and just as dull and unpleasant .
It ’s really dishonest and crude , and yet this is exactly what so many reporters today seem to do .
They ’ll wipe their dirty shoes all over a group of atheists , reduce what these atheists say in interviews down to a few simple sound bytes reinforcing the big story , and refuse to acknowledge that there was anything more to the atheists ’ position than what they chose to quote and how they decided to re-interpret these quotes .
This is in part how Mooney got his $ 15,000 grant and a trip to England , and how reporters create controversy where there really is n’t one .
Now you might ask , what about religious fundamentalists ?
How can you ridicule the coverage atheists get but not acknowledge that the Religious Right gets the same kind of short end of the media stick ?
Well , we had a chance to hear plenty of anti-evolution activists rant and rave in their own words and on their own blogs .
That ’s why in my refutations of creationist arguments , I link directly to the source where they ’re free to say what they ’d like and how they ’d like to say it without a reporter in sight .
Whatever ignorant statements they make to incur a scathing critique from science bloggers was their choice to make .
Although even a friendly reporter might not stop you from being a rhetorical menace to yourself , as the Scharfenberg piece illustrates with this quote from Miller about the potential role of God in our daily lives via quantum magic …
This sly intervention , Miller argues , is vital to the Creator ’s project : if God were to re-grow limbs for amputees , for instance — if God were to perform the sorts of miracles demanded by atheists as proof of his existence — the consequences would be disastrous . [… ]
“ That would reduce God to a kind of supranatural force and by pushing a button labeled ‘ prayer ’ you could accomplish anything you wanted .
What would that do to moral independence ? ”
Really , the idea of the universe ’s quantum mesh being putty in a supernatural being ’s hands is something I ’d expect from New Age sophists rather than a distinguished scientist .
And let ’s be serious , fundamentalists are not just using the prayer button anytime they want , they abuse it at every opportunity .
The idea that God is n’t supposed to get in the way seems to just beg the question of why we need a God if we ’re not going to directly interact with him .
While a kind of Deist , refined watchmaker of a deity might be just fine for Miller and a host of theologians , for billions of people , gods are very personal and they also push that prayer button whatever they get the chance , hoping for a miracle .
This argument about moral independence is an age old way of excusing the inability of the faithful to provide definitive proof for their deity and that faith translates into direct actions by a supernatural entity .
It ’s a red herring to put it bluntly .
But Miller and other accommodationists using theological hand me downs as legitimate reasons to squeeze religion into science is ok because those atheists are just bad people who do n’t have a single nuanced or valid opinion in their heads , right ?
Ultimately , this kind of accommodationism is n’t about building bridges between facts and faith .
If it was , there would n’t be a crew of rabid atheist villains in the narrative .
Instead , atheists would be treated with at least the slightest modicum of respect and their positive words about Miller and religious scientists would be given the time of the day .
Instead , writers like Scharfenberg , Ruse and Mooney are far more interested in pandering to their religious readers with backhanded swipes at the atheist menace .
Oh they ’re willing to build bridges and have open dialogues , just as long as those icky unbelievers are n’t involved since acknowledging that atheists have something of value to say might tick off their religious readers and result in one less payday .
BOGOTA ( Reuters ) - Colombia on Wednesday warned its citizens of the dangers of visiting Venezuela after eight Colombians were detained in the neighboring country on espionage accusations .
“ The foreign ministry warns Colombians about the risks of traveling to Venezuela , ” the government said in a statement , the latest salvo in a long diplomatic feud between Colombia ’s conservative government and Venezuela ’s leftist firebrand President Hugo Chavez .
Colombian leader Alvaro Uribe accuses Venezuela of violating the rights of the Colombians arrested in Venezuela in recent weeks for allegedly spying on its ailing energy infrastructure .
The detention followed months of jibes between Uribe , the top U.S. ally in South America , and Chavez , who is wrestling with power shortages that could boost opposition prospects at legislative polls due in September .
Chavez has clamped down on trade with Colombia and accused “ counter - revolutionaries ” opposed to his socialist government of slashing power cables to worsen the OPEC nation ’s electricity crisis , which has forced his administration to ration power in much of the country .
In practice , it could be difficult for many Colombians who work in Venezuela or have family there to refrain from crossing the lengthy border .
Tens of thousands of people move from one side to the other every day .
After a century and a half of struggle , we ’ve landed ourselves back in the same position of feudal servitude , writes FINTAN O'TOOLE
A QUESTION haunts me because I can think of no good answer : why should anyone who has a choice continue to live in Ireland ?
This is not an abstract thought experiment .
I have two sons in their early 20s .
I am trying to find one compelling reason for them to stay here .
In the 1980s , the mark of the degradation of Ireland under Charles Haughey was that Irish passports were for sale to non-citizens .
Now we have come up with something worse : citizens have to pay too .
To belong to this State , we have to pay what is in effect a Seanie and Fingers Tax ( SFT ) .
Our ancestors had their rents raised when their absentee landlords lost fortunes at the gambling tables of London or Paris .
After a century and a half of struggle , we ’ve landed ourselves back in precisely the same position of feudal servitude .
Let ’s take some admittedly very crude figures sketched by Nat O’Connor on the progressive - economy .ie blog .
There are 1.9 million people at work in the Irish economy .
Their average earnings last year were € 36,300 .
After tax , that ’s € 29,500 each .
From this , each one will stump up an average of € 4,600 just to pay the interest on the money the State is borrowing to fund the bank bailout .
Or , to put it another way , everyone lucky enough to have a job in Ireland over the next 10 years will be working most of one day a week to pay for Seanie , Fingers and the lads .
It is no exaggeration to call this feudal .
Medieval lords exacted food and money from their vassals .
They called it “ coign and livery ” .
We call it “ Nama and recapitalisation ” .
Why would anyone who can do otherwise choose to donate about five or six hours of free labour every week for 10 years to the banks ?
In all of this , the humiliation is actually worse than the money .
The financial cost is , admittedly , hideous .
Let ’s just consider the € 2 billion a year we ’ll be stumping up for the zombie institutions , Anglo Irish and Nationwide .
The exchequer ( perhaps optimistically ) expects to take in € 11.5 billion in income taxes this year .
So , more than one euro in every six we pay in income tax will go to fund institutions that will probably never put another cent into the Irish economy .
Every year until at least 2021 , we will be putting €500 million more into Anglo and Nationwide than into the Department of the Environment ’s capital budget .
( At least John Gormley will be able to say that the Government is spending unprecedented sums on sewage systems . )
The social and economic costs of this are devastating , especially when you think of what else we could do with the money .
For the annual € 2 billion we ’re putting into Anglo and Nationwide , we could almost double what the State spends on mental health services and disability services .
We could almost quadruple spending on children and families .
For just two years of the SFT , we could build a national high - speed broadband network , putting people to work in the process and greatly improving our economic competitiveness .
So , yes , the financial side of the SFT is sickening .
But the humiliation is worse .
The idea that , year - in , year - out , we will be working to pay off the gambling debts of our absentee landlords , turns us from citizens to serfs .
It cuts to the heart of the meaning of a democratic community – the sense of mutual obligation .
Now , all the obligations are one way .
We can no longer even pay lip service to social justice .
The most rank and brazen injustice is written into every clause of our new social contract .
Humiliation is the most corrosive of emotions .
It destroys self - respect .
It generates the sense of absolute powerlessness that is every bit as corrupting as absolute power .
It festers and sours .
It turns both inwards on itself and outwards on to those who are even weaker than ourselves .
It took us a century to overcome our sense of national humiliation and a little over a decade to give it back .
It is humiliating to have to work most of a day a week for scroungers and scoundrels .
It is humiliating that Brian Cowen , who bears as much personal responsibility for this disaster as anyone else , is still Taoiseach .
And it is humiliating that , collectively , we seem incapable of anything beyond impotent rage .
The national strategy is to breed servility back into Irish bones .
We are instructing our young people to relearn the ways of their ancestors and to tug the forelock as they clean up the mess left by the Masther , God bless him .
Why would they want to do that ?
Why would they choose , if they are fortunate enough to get work here , to hand over a substantial chunk of what they earn to pay for a profligacy in which they had no part ?
Much as I want my sons to stay here , I ’d be ashamed of them if they did not utter the cry of James Joyce a century ago : non serviam , I will not serve .
4:09 pm
National Lawyers Guild ( NLG )
National Lawyers Guild Calls for Value Shift in Supreme Court Nomination
3:08 pm
National Gay and Lesbian Task Force
Task Force Affirms APA 's Refutation of ' Gender Identity Disorder ' in New Edition of Diagnostic and Statistical Manual
2:00 pm
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington
CREW Seeks Additional Information About WH Staffer 's Use of Personal Email to Conduct Official Administration Business
1:58 pm
Public Citizen
Citizens United Against Citizens United : Public Citizen Takes Next Step in Fighting Corporate Power in Elections
1:56 pm
Doctors Without Borders
Healthcare Façade in Turkmenistan Putting Lives at Risk
1:54 pm
Greenpeace
Greenpeace Will Continue Fight for Kampar Protection In Indonesia Despite Camp Burning Down
1:05 pm
Food & Water Watch
Federal Inattention to Triclosan Sparks Grassroots and Legislative Action
10:52 am
United for a Fair Economy
New Report : States Without Income Taxes Hike Residents ' Federal Tax Bills by Billions a Year
10:00 am
Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility ( PEER )
Soaring Use of Coal Waste in Homes Risks Consumer Headaches
When you read an editorial in your local newspaper , your natural assumption is that it expresses the views of that paper ’s staff and reflects local concerns .
This , however , does not appear to be the case with the many small - town papers owned by Ogden Newspapers , Inc .
On March 31 , an editorial headed “ ACORN ca n’t distract public from the truth ” appeared in the Fairmont Sentinel , published in Fairmont , MN .
It was bylined by Gary Andersen and Lee Smith , the paper ’s publisher and editor , and it slammed ACORN as a “ front for liberal politicians ” that has been involved in “ illegal actions . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Over the next few days , the identical editorial started popping up elsewhere , with no byline and under a variety of headings .
On April 3 , it appeared in the Minot Daily News of Minot , ND under the heading , “ Good riddance to ACORN . ”
On April 5 , it was in the Williamsport Sun-Gazette of Williamsport , PA , headed “ ACORN victim of its own transgressions . ”
These papers have one thing in common .
They are all owned by Ogden Newspapers of Wheeling , WV .
( Update : What may be the earliest example of the editorial was published in the Wheeling News - Register on March 25 under the title , “ ACORN Brought Trouble on Itself . ”
It was not bylined . )
The McCain endorsement
This is not the first time that Ogden has been accused of this kind of activity .
In October 2008 , for example , a blog sponsored by North Country Public Radio in Canton , NY reported , “ The Adirondack Daily Enterprise , based in Saranac Lake , faces a controversy over Friday ’s endorsement of presidential candidate John McCain . …
The endorsement was n’t actually written locally .
It was produced by a writer in West Virginia at Ogden Newspapers , Inc. , the Enterprise ’s corporate headquarters .
And yet the editorial includes this statement : ‘[ W]e urge residents of our area to cast their ballots for John McCain , the leader Americans need . ' ”
“ The Enterprise is n’t alone , ” the entry concluded .
“ A nearly identical McCain endorsement , also penned in West Virginia , ran in the Gloversville Leader - Herald , also owned by the Odgen chain . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
A comment left on this entry added an additional example :
“ Ogden Newspapers did the same thing 4 years ago and required the Enterprise to endorse George Bush .
The Enterprise at that particular time , and I believe still today , had made a very clear policy that they only do editorials and political endorsements on local and regional issues and politicians .
…
Peter Crowley who was also the editor at that time called me to let me know that it was n’t their choice to run the endorsement but it was what they were told to do by their parent company .
…
Ogden is notoriously ultra-conservative and so the McCain endorsement ( and Bush endorsement 4 years ago ) by the West Virginia home office should be no surprise . ”
Earlier this year , the Democrats were hit by a similar controversy when it was revealed that one Obama supporter had been sending identical pro-Obama letters to dozens of newspapers under a variety of names and had then disguised his identity by claiming to be a woman named “ Ellie Light . ”
That writer , however , was not tied either to the Obama administration or to any of the newspapers which published his letters .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Ohio controversy
Another story involving possible editorial interference by Ogden Newspapers was recounted in 2005 by the liberal Ohio blog Irregular Times , after the Ogden - owned Warren Tribune - Chronicle had accused them in an editorial of being “ in bed with Rep. Ted Strickland . ”
Suggesting that the claim had no factual basis but seemed intended to influence the upcoming Ohio gubernatorial election ( in which Strickland easily defeated Republican Ken Blackwell ) , Jim of Irregular Times wondered “ whether the political bias of the staff of the newspaper , or the political bias of the newspaperÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s owners , might have something to do with why the Warren Tribune - Chronicle ended up publishing such a bizarre , clearly counterfactual editorial . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Irregular Times quickly determined that the paper ’s own staff had no obvious partisan leanings but focused instead on G. Ogden Nutting , patriarch of the family which owns both Ogden Newspapers and the largest interest in the Pittsburgh Pirates .
“ Mr. Nutting is an entirely different story from the editorial staff of the Warren Tribune - Chronicle , ” the blogger wrote .
“ Federal Election Commission records show that he has donated $ 102,150 , all to Republicans or Republican organizations , with the exception of the National Conservative Club , to which he has donated $ 12,000 . ”
Since 2005 , G. Ogden Nutting and his wife Betty Nutting have continued to donate generously to Republicans .
In 2008 , they both gave maximum donations to a dozen different Republican candidates .
Just last December , Nutting donated $ 30,400 to the National Republican Senatorial Committee .
ADVERTISEMENT
‘ Unmitigated right - wing bias ’
Although Jim ’s blog entry concluded by acknowledging that “ it might all be one big coincidence , ” a number of comments left on the entry express no doubt about Ogden ’s leanings .
In 2007 , one commenter wrote , “ I found your site as I was searching for evidence of Ogden News bias because of the unmitigated right - wing bias of my hometown newspaper , the Williamsport ( PA ) Sun-Gazette .
The Nutting family clearly tries to stay below the radar with their right - wing propaganda newspaper empire . ”
Another added , “ The Lewistown Sentinel is also owned by Ogden , and we are sick of their right - wing propaganda , too .
The daily editorial is sometimes so hateful and bias that you canÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t stand to read it .
And it is never signed . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
A third pointed to a September 2007 editorial on terrorism that had appeared in at least four different Ogden papers .
That poster complained , “ Ogden News has a strangle hold in our area .
The county north of me , Chautauqua County , NY has FOUR Ogden owned papers . ”
And another from as recently as March 2009 charged , “ This man is the scourge of the newspaper industry in many states .
…
With a carpetbagger mentality , and the values of an old school WV coal baron , he is wringing the dollars out his customers with little regard for their needs or input . ”
The assassination threat
Last May , the chain was involved in a controversy of a different kind , when the Warren Times - Observer published an apparent assassination threat in the form of a classified ad reading , “ May Obama follow in the footsteps of Lincoln , Garfield , McKinley and Kennedy ! ”
The paper quickly apologized and pulled the ad , saying that it had n’t been recognized as a call for assassination because “ the ad representative did n’t make the connection among the four other presidents mentioned . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
( Raw Story thanks the reader whose tip alerted us to the duplicate editorials . )
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
March 25th , 2010
There is a WikiLeaks tweet related to a , “ Pentagon murder - coverup ” that is n’t appearing in their feed , however , it does show up as an individual tweet via the permalink .
It states :
# WikiLeaks to reveal Pentagon murder - coverup at US National Press Club , Apr 5 , 9 am ; contact press-club@sunshinepress.org
It was posted at 6:43 AM Mar 22nd .
The other recent tweets are below .
Via : Twitter :
# To those worrying about us–we ’re fine , and will issue a suitable riposte shortly .
about 6 hours ago via bit.ly
# We have airline records of the State Dep / CIA tails .
Do n’t think you can get away with it .
You cannot .
This is WikiLeaks .
# We have been shown secret photos of our production meetings and been asked specific questions during detention related to the airstrike .
# If you know more about the operations against us , contact https://secure.wikileaks.org/
# One related person was detained for 22 hours .
Computer ’s seized .
That ’s http://www.skup.no
# Two under State Dep diplomatic cover followed our editor from Iceland to http://skup.no on Thursday .
# If anything happens to us , you know why : it is our Apr 5 film .
And you know who is responsible .
# WikiLeaks is currently under an aggressive US and Icelandic surveillance operation .
Following / photographing / filming / detaining .
Thanks ,
From the Morgue .
Divorce can be an extremely emotional time for everyone involved .
In addition to the two divorcing spouses , children can be affected negatively .
It is important to make an effort to minimize the stress and contentious nature of your divorce , if possible .
Seek the help of a lawyer who will not add to the stress .
At the Pleasanton law firm of John T. Chamberlin , Attorney at Law , I promise to :
Help you work through the legal process more efficiently and amicably than a traditional divorce trial
Personally address all of your concerns and take your calls
Work with your ex-spouse and his or her legal counsel to help retain your relationship for your sake and the sake of children
Thoroughly explain your options and the legal process of divorce
One important thing about my law firm is the individualized , personally tailored service I provide .
For all of your legal matters , you will work with me personally , and when you call , you will talk with me , your lawyer .
I will meet with you individually to determine the best course of action , and I will remain available throughout your case .
Facebook recently announced their intentions to become the center of the universe for online identity and social connections .
While the new functionality of the Facebook Open Graph is exciting and represents a real glimpse into the interconnected semantic web , it has also sparked numerous concerns about placing so much power into the hands of a single company .
As it turns out , not everyone on earth is content with having their Facebook profile be the only representation of their identity on the web .
To those sweating over the level of control and power this gives Facebook , I say :
Yes , if Facebook perpetually controlled identity and semantic “ Liking ” that would be very bad for the web as a community .
And it seems like it will be difficult to overcome the hurdle of that damn “ Like ” button on every page on the internet , right ?
I mean , sites are n’t going to want a NASCAR array of “ Like ” buttons cluttering up the place .
How can anyone be expected to compete with Facebook ’s 400 million user promise ?
Terraforming the Web
We should really all be thanking Facebook for what they ’re doing .
They ’re essentially the first colonization spaceship sent out to the world wide web , a rough - and - tumble wild west crew that gets to make their own rules because they ’re doing the pioneering .
And while their approach may smack of self - interest , you have to realize it could have been so much worse .
The acquisition of FriendFeed seems to be the best thing that could possibly have happened to Facebook , because rather than the openness of FriendFeed being subsumed by the closed past of Facebook , the FriendFeed team seems to have done the impossible : they ’ve convinced Facebook to participate in the broader conversation about open standards ( even if tentatively ) .
The result of Facebook ’s Open Graph push will basically terraform the web , reshaping it into something new where semantic applications can thrive .
Of course Facebook is doing this all for their own benefit … why should n’t they ?
But they ’re also doing it in such a way that they simply will not have control of it forever .
So how can this shake out for the best ?
How can an open protocol with a proprietary “ Like ” button become the open , semantic web that many dream of ?
Simple .
Browsers .
Firefox and Chrome are the Key
Ultimately the interaction with the semantic web does n’t belong on the website to begin with .
That ’s Web 2.0 thinking .
What we ’re going to see in the next months and years is a move of semantic activity and identity being handled in the browser , either explicitly by the vendor or through extensions on their platform .
Mozilla is already experimenting with this , and I would bet Google has some ideas of their own along the same lines .
So while Facebook may get to own the “ Like ” button on the page , once every browser comes with a “ Like ” button that connects to any number of services according to an open protocol , once I can log into a site using identity stored in my browser and skip the Facebook authorization dance , the semantic web will be realized in full .
And the great thing is , everyone will have all of the data they need to build such services thanks to the aggressive partnerships pursued by Facebook .
In essence , everything that Facebook announced at F8 ultimately belongs in the browser , not through a single connection to a proprietary service .
And the great thing is that not only is that the better solution for proponents of the open web , but it ’s also even easier than Facebook for users of the browsers that eventually gain these features .
Facebook has always won the war for identity based on convenience , but nothing is more convenient than the tools built in to my browser of choice .
So thanks , Facebook , for launching the private beta of the semantic web .
I ca n’t wait to see what happens when it goes public .
Schindler 's
List goes on sale for £ 1.5 million
The famous Schindler 's List of Jews saved from the Nazi Holocaust during the World War Two is being offered up for private sale for £ 1.5 million .
The list of 801 Jewish men , women and children , which belongs to the family of Oskar Schindler 's right - hand man , Itzhak Stern , is one of only five known to exist .
Being sold through the website Momentsintime.com , the old and tattered manuscript dated from the 18/04/1945 , is being handled on a first come first served basis .
Buying history :
One of the original Schindler 's List amongst other photographs in a Berlin newspaper office ( file photo ) .
One of the original versions of the list is being put on sale for £ 1.5 million
Hero : Oskar Schindler and his wife Emilie at their farm in Argentina after the war .
He died in 1974
The Stern family , whose patriarch , Itzhak was played by Ben Kingsley in the Oscar winning Spielberg epic ' Schindler 's List ' , have been in negotiation with Momentsintime.com for over two years .
' There are five known examples of Schindler 's List preserved in the world today , ' said a spokesperson for Momentsintime.com .
' This is one out of a reputed list of seven made by in total Oskar Schindler .
' Two are in the hands of Israeli Holocaust Museum 's , one is in Koblenz in Germany and the other is in the Holocaust Museum in Washington D.C .
' The other two are unaccounted for . '
Hollywood touch : Liam Neeson , left , as Oskar Schindler in the Oscar - winning 1993 film ' Schindler 's List '
History : A close - up of part of the original list
The plain , typed names and birthdates conceal the vast historical importance and personal danger which Oskar Schindler himself went through to rescue the condemned Jews .
Schindler owned a factory in Krakow , Poland , during World War Two and relied on Jewish labour to run the plant .
He became distressed at the German treatment of Jews after witnessing a 1942 raid on a Jewish ghetto and used his position in the Nazi party to persuade officials that his workers were vital to the war effort and saved them from gas chambers .
He is credited with saving 1,200 Jews during the war .
His tale was immortalised in the seven - time Oscar winning film , ' Schindler 's List , ' starring Liam Neeson .
' This has been a two - year negotiation for the rights to represent this list , ' said Momentsintime.com .
' We are happy to offer one of the most unique documents of World War Two that currently exists in private hands .
' We know from the Stern family that this is the penultimate list that Schindler wrote and is an incredible piece of memorabilia .
' We hope that a patron will purchase this and offer it to an important museum . '
I was approached , along with a few other bloggers , by one of my financial blogging buddies .
He suggested that we do a post with different aspects of credit and credit cards , with about 10 of us contributing .
And he asked me to host !
I am pleased to present a round - up of sorts , related to credit and credit cards , with some classic posts :
Credit Cards
Here are some useful posts about credit cards in general :
Credit Card Tips that Make Good Financial Cents : Learn some basic tips on using credit cards the smart way .
How To Use Credit Cards Without Bankrupting Yourself : Credit cards do n’t have to be evil — as long as you use them responsibly .
0 % Credit Card Basics —
The Difference Between 0 % Purchase and 0 % Balance Transfer Credit Cards :
Before you sign up for that great offer , make sure you understand what you are getting into .
Best Money Saving Credit Cards for Entrepreneurs and Small Business Owners :
It really does matter what credit card you use .
Choose what works best for your .
Credit CARD
Act
Most of the provisions of the Credit CARD
Act are in effect .
Here are a couple of posts related to how you can expect to be affected .
The Credit Card Accountability Responsibility , And Disclosure ( CARD )
Act of 2009 – Effect on Credit Card Holders :
Here are some of the effects you are probably starting see from the Credit CARD Act .
Credit CARD
Act of 2009 : How it Affects
You : Another look at the key points of the CARD act , and how they will impact you in “ real ” life .
Credit Score and Repair
Consider your credit .
And how you can repair it .
Basics of Credit Score and Credit Report and How often to Check : Learn the basics of your credit score and report — and how can check to make sure everything is as it should be .
How To Get Free FICO Credit Score : Access your FICO score for free .
Just make sure to cancel any service you had to sign up for .
This post compares the costs of your score from different sources as well .
How Do I Fix My Credit – A Simple Method To Do Self Credit Repair :
Get the steps to take to fix your own credit score .
No reason to pay an “ expert . ”
Is Facebook Destroying Your Credit ? :
My post looks at how social media may become part of the credit screening process .
TOKYO — Japan ’s top Internet forum 2 channel was offline Tuesday after an apparent mass hacker attack from South Korea over slanderous comments on their Olympic figure skating queen Kim Yu - Na .
South Korea ’s Yonhap news agency reported that more than 10,000 users had launched a “ concerted cyber offensive ” and coordinated their attacks through web communities since Monday against the popular site www.2ch.net.
ADVERTISEMENT
The site , launched in 1999 , allows users to post comments on hundreds of topics , from politics and sports to entertainment and manga cartoons , without providing a user name , a model meant to boost online freedom of speech .
But the site has repeatedly become a forum for right - wing nationalists and users posting xenophobic slurs , especially against South Korea and China .
The 2ch forum is Japan ’s largest online bulletin board by number of users and page views , according to Internet research firm NetRatings Japan .
The site was not accessible on Tuesday , but its search lists showed Japanese - language attacks had earlier been posted against Kim , who beat Japanese rival Mao Asada to take gold at the Vancouver Winter Games .
South Korea ’s JoongAng
Daily reported online that the cyber war was launched on Monday , the anniversary of a 1919 uprising against Japanese colonial rule that became known as the March First Movement .
ADVERTISEMENT
South Koreans have often been angered by comments on the messaging forum , including one that called a deadly attack against a South Korean college student in February in Irkutsk “ Russia ’s good deed ” , Yonhap reported .
The 2ch forum has often drawn controversy at home as some of its anonymous users have posted death threats and verbal attacks against high - profile figures that have led to legal action against the site ’s operators .
– As Prepared for Delivery –
It is a pleasure to be here with you at the Media Institute .
As most of you know , at NTIA we have been almost totally consumed with reviewing and awarding broadband grants under the Recovery Act .
As of today , we ’ve announced over $ 620 million in awards and we ’ll be continuing to make awards as quickly as we can as we close out the first funding round .
We ’re already accepting applications for round two , and for those of you working on applications , we have a firm deadline of March 15th for all applications to be submitted and we will not extend that date given our statutory obligation to complete all awards by the end of September .
But that ’s not what I came here to talk about today .
Instead , I ’d like to focus on the Internet and some key policy questions that NTIA will be working on this year .
The United States , and indeed all nations that depend on the Internet , face an increasingly urgent set of questions regarding the roles of the commercial sector , civil society , governments , and multi-stakeholder institutions in the very dynamic evolution of the Internet .
I can think of no more appropriate place to discuss these issues than the Media Institute , given the vital role the Internet plays in advancing our Nation ’s First Amendment values , and the Institute ’s long tradition as a forum for exploring the nexus between the First Amendment and communications policy .
From the very first encounter between our Constitution and the Internet , courts have recognized the Internet as an unprecedented gift to the First Amendment .
When the Supreme Court first considered the relationship between the Internet and freedom of speech , the Court recognized the Internet as a “ never ending world - wide conversation . ”
( ACLU v. Reno , 521 U.S. 844 ( 1997 ) . )
Since then , the conversation has only grown , but as we become more economically , socially , politically — and even emotionally – dependent on the Internet , we must continue to examine how best to assure that this conversation can continue , can engage more and more people , and can be a platform for innovation in both public and private sectors of societies around the world .
The wide reach and central role that the Internet plays in our society has prompted many to refer to the Internet as an ‘ ecosystem . ’
I ’d like to spend a little time examining just whether the ecosystem metaphor is a useful guide for policy makers .
What lessons can we draw from this metaphor and which lessons should we avoid ?
In the physical world , I associate the dynamics of a natural ecosystem with two important concepts : first , the presence of some set of biological laws such as natural selection , that second , leads to a balance or equilibrium state so that even when there is a disturbance these natural operations and laws bring the ecosystem back to a equilibrium state ( maybe different than before , but an equilibrium ) .
Applying this concept to the online ecosystem could lead us to accept the idea that the Internet is self - regulating and there is some natural order that will always emerge no matter how the system may be disturbed .
From this concept some argue that policymakers should just leave the Internet alone .
In fact , “ leaving the Internet alone ” has been the nation ’s Internet policy since the Internet was first commercialized in the mid-1990s .
The primary government imperative then was just to get out of the way to encourage its growth .
And the policy set forth in the Telecommunications
Act of 1996 was : “ to preserve the vibrant and competitive free market that presently exists for the Internet and other interactive computer services , unfettered by Federal or State regulation . ”
This was the right policy for the United States in the early stages of the Internet , and the right message to send to the rest of the world .
But that was then and this is now .
As we at NTIA approach a wide range of Internet policy issues , we take the view that we are now in the third generation of Internet policy making .
Here ’s how history looks to us .
1. Internet Policy 1.0 : transition to commercialization ( 1990 - 2000 ) :
In the 1990s , let ’s call this period , Internet Policy 1.0 , when the first commercial Internet service providers began providing commercial service and the World Wide Web was created , opportunities for innovation and investment “ at the edges ” of the network and in the last mile were drivers of growth .
Innovation “ at the edges ” meant the development of exciting and novel applications that were often , literally , conceived in a garage .
The guiding philosophy was : the more the better .
The government imperative was to seek unrestrained growth of the Internet .
It not only worked , but some of those very innovations continue to facilitate the Internet ’s vitality and growth .
2. Internet Policy 2.0 : from the garage to Main Street ( 2001 - 2009 ) :
After the turn of the century and for the last decade , the Internet experienced tremendous economic growth and social innovation .
We call this period , Internet Policy 2.0 .
By one estimate , half the number of U.S. homes had Internet access within ten years after commercialization , and NTIA estimates that today , about 70 percent of U.S. households have Internet access .
Despite this growth , policy issues emerged during this era which have not been effectively addressed :
Privacy : During this past decade , more and more personal data was being collected leading to a growing unease with the ‘ notice & choice ’ model .
How many of us really read those privacy policies or just click away at the “ Yes , I agree … ” in order to get on with what you want to buy , read or post ?
Security : Individual users and large enterprises found that they were required to devote more time and money to addressing security threats .
Copyright infringement :
Over the last ten years , we ’ve seen great innovation in the development of new business models , such as iTunes , but at the same time , we ’ve also seen a surge in the piracy of intellectual property , and the negative impacts this disregard for copyright law has had on traditional content industries .
3. Internet Policy 3.0 : It ’s now time to respond to all the social changes being driven by the growth of the Internet .
We need Internet Policy 3.0 .
We enter this new decade recognizing that we rely on the Internet for essential social purposes : health , energy efficiency , and education .
It ’s also a general engine for economic and social innovation .
We must take rules more seriously if we want full participation , but we must keep the need for flexibility in mind .
We have much higher expectations of the Internet today than we ’ve had in the intervening years .
The Internet , and particularly broadband Internet , are the central nervous system of our information economy and society , and can provide unprecedented opportunities to address our current challenges in health care , energy efficiency , education , and government openness .
It is important not only to preserve , but to enhance access to this open and dynamic medium that fosters unprecedented innovation and public participation .
Going back to the ‘ ecosystem ’ metaphor , the Internet is not a natural park or wilderness area that should be left to nature .
In fact , I do n’t think any of you in this room really believe that we should “ leave the Internet alone . ”
It ’s more accurate to describe the Internet is an agglomeration of human actors — it ’s a large and growing social organization .
There are no natural laws to guide it — and there is most certainly no self - regulating equilibrium point because this cacophony of human actors participating in this organization demands that there be rules or laws created to protect our interests .
That ’s human nature .
For example :
If you ’re a user , you want to know that you can make a transaction online without your credit card information falling into the wrong hands .
If you ’re a content owner , you want to be allowed take action against users that infringe your copyright .
If you are a small backbone provider , you want rules to govern peering relationships with large providers .
If you ’re a large enterprise , you want your investment to protect against hacking and intrusion to be sound .
If you are a network owner , you may be against Net Neutrality rules , but that does not mean there are not any rules , it just means the network owners get to create their own rules about whether and when to discriminate .
Despite the tremendous economic growth and social innovation that has occurred online over the past decade , policy tensions such as these have arisen and have not been effectively addressed .
Given all the human actors involved in the Internet with all their competing interests , we have to ask , do governments have to be involved to sort out these interests so that the Internet will continue to thrive ?
I say yes but just as emphatically , I say that the government ’s role need not be one of a heavy - handed regulator .
There ’s little question that our existing regulatory structures are poorly equipped to deal with these issues .
They are too slow , they are too backward looking , and they are too political to be effective .
But it concerns me that in the absence of some level of government involvement , we will lose the one thing that the Internet must have — not just to thrive , but to survive — the trust of all actors on the Internet .
If users do not trust that their credit card numbers and private information are safe on the Internet , they wo n’t use it .
If content providers do not trust that their content will be protected , they will threaten to stop putting it online .
If large enterprises do n’t have confidence that their network will not be breached over the Internet , they will disconnect their network and limit access to business partners and customers .
If foreign governments do not trust the Internet governance systems , they will threaten to balkanize the Domain Name System which will jeopardize the worldwide reach of the Internet .
Those are just some examples but I think this issue of trust applies to every actor on the Internet .
A good place for policymakers to start as we define our role and what our actions should be is to preserve and maintain trust in the Internet .
( Interestingly it ’s easier for government agencies to organize to prevent bad actions rather than nurture good ones .
So we have the DOJ Antitrust Division but we do not have an agency that is for trust ) .
At NTIA , we ’re not a regulatory agency , but as the principal advisor to the President on telecommunications and information policy , I think we have role to play in preserving and building trust on the Internet .
Our agenda this year is to refocus on the “ I ” in NTIA – Internet and information policy – and play the role of preserving and building trust and to balance out the policy tensions I mentioned earlier .
Let me list for you our initiatives for the year :
Privacy policy .
Here ’s the question :
How can we enable the development of innovative new services and applications that will make intensive use of personal information but at same time protect users against harm and unwanted intrusion into their privacy ?
We are launching a series of listening sessions this spring with industry , advocates and academics in the field , and will follow up with a notice of inquiry and public outreach events .
Child protection and Freedom of Expression :
As more children go online , how do we ensure proper targeting of law enforcement resources against serious crime while remembering that most important line of defense against harmful content is the well - informed and engaged parent or teacher ?
Later this year , the Online Safety Technology Working Group , created by Congress and convened by NTIA , will issue a report on the state of the art in child protection strategies online .
Cybersecurity : How do we meet the security challenge posed by the global Internet which will require increased law enforcement and private sector technology innovation yet respect citizen privacy and protect civil liberties .
We ’re participating in a Commerce Department cybersecurity initiative that will address these issues , particularly as they relate to improving the preparedness of industry for cyber attacks .
Copyright protection :
How do we protect against illegal piracy of copyrighted works and intellectual property on the Internet while preserving the rights of users to access lawful content ?
NTIA and our sister agency at the Department of Commerce , the US Patent and Trademark Office , are beginning a comprehensive consultation process that will help the Administration develop a forward - looking set of policies to address online copyright infringement in a balanced , Internet - savvy manner .
Internet Governance :
In our role administering the Federal government ’s relationship with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ( ICANN ) , how do we ensure that ICANN serves the public interest and conducts its activities with the openness and transparency that the global Internet community demands ?
Last fall , NTIA and ICANN set forth a framework for technical coordination of the naming and numbering system and I am looking forward to soon participating in the first of the administrative reviews to ensure that these commitments are carried out in full .
All of these efforts must involve collaboration – among government agencies , foreign governments when appropriate , and key Internet constituencies — commercial , academia , civil society .
Our approach to answering these questions will be to engage the key constituencies and serve as a convener .
NTIA is looking for solutions to these issues through consultations to advance the ball forward .
We will be flexible in terms of outcomes – the solutions that emerge through our consultations may be recommendations for legislation or regulation , but if they result in individual actors accepting new processes , so much the better .
At the end of the day , all of these initiatives have as their goal to preserve and protect the trustworthiness of this extraordinary medium .
If we are successful , maybe we will change our name to the National Trust the Internet Administration .
Thank you .
Undersecretary for management at the State Department , Patrick F. Kennedy , told Congress that the State Department wanted to keep crotch bomber Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab out of the U.S. , but that intelligence agencies insisted that Abdulmutallab be let into the country .
Specifically , on January 27th , Kennedy told the House Committee on Homeland Security that intelligence agencies blocked revocation of Abdulmutallab 's visa because it would have foiled a " larger investigation " into Al Qaeda .
As noted by The Detroit News :
The State Department did n't revoke the visa of foiled terrorism suspect Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab because federal counterterrorism officials had begged off revocation , a top State Department official revealed Wednesday .
Patrick F. Kennedy , an undersecretary for management at the State Department , said Abdulmutallab 's visa was n't taken away because intelligence officials asked his agency not to deny a visa to the suspected terrorist over concerns that a denial would 've foiled a larger investigation into al - Qaida threats against the United States .
" Revocation action would 've disclosed what they were doing , " Kennedy said in testimony before the House Committee on Homeland Security .
Allowing Adbulmutallab to keep the visa increased chances federal investigators would be able to get closer to apprehending the terror network he is accused of working with , " rather than simply knocking out one solider in that effort . "
This is eerily similar to 9/11 :
One of al - Qaeda ’s top trainers in terrorism and how to hijack airplanes , who was a very close associate of Bin Laden , was an American citizen who was an operative for the FBI , the CIA , and the Army ( see this article from the San Francisco Chronicle and this article from the Globe and Mail ) .
Indeed , while he was acting as an FBI informant , he smuggled Bin Laden in and out of Afghanistan , helped plan the attacks on US embassies in Africa , and apparently played a pivotal role in planning 9/11 .
According to a 1995 Boston Globe report , his entry into the country was made possible by “ clandestine CIA sponsorship . ”
According to West Point 's Combatting Terrorism Center , the terrorist was :
Given a visa waiver under a “ little known visa waiver program that allows the CIA and other security agencies to bring valuable agents into the country , bypassing the usual immigration formalities . ”
While perhaps “ little known , ” this authority was granted to the Director of National Intelligence by the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 and codified in 50 U.S.C. § 403h , which states that if “ the admission of a particular alien into the United States for permanent residence is in the interest of national security or essential to the furtherance of the national intelligence mission , such alien and his immediate family shall be admitted to the United States for permanent residence without regard to their inadmissibility under the immigration or any other laws and regulations …. ”
11 of the hijackers received visas to the U.S. through a consular office where , according to the former head of that office , the CIA routinely insisted that visas be granted to terrorists , even when their visa applications should have been rejected under standard operating procedure
Indeed :
An Al Qaeda operative very close to one of the top Al Qaeda leaders was a CIA informant
The president of Pakistan said that one of the masterminds of 9/11 was an MI6 ( British intelligence services ) agent
And U.S. and allied intelligence services had penetrated the highest levels of Al Qaeda prior to 9/11 .
For example :
Former CIA director George Tenet says that “ a group of assets from a Middle Eastern service ” , working for the CIA , penetrated al - Qaeda training camps in Afghanistan by September 2001 .
Bin Laden was dropping hints about the upcoming 9/11 attacks to training camp trainees in the summer of 2001 , and US citizen John Walker Lindh was told details of the 9/11 attacks within weeks of joining a training camp that summer
Indeed , in the summer of 2001 , the CIA allegedly told President Bush that the highest levels of Al - Qaeda had been penetrated
In addition , U.S. and allied intelligence services followed the hijacker 's every move :
The Pentagon also tracked the hijackers before 9/11
Israel tracked the hijackers ' every movement prior to the attacks , and may have sent agents to film the attack on the World Trade Centers .
Israel , a very close ally of the U.S. , presumably shared intelligence prior to 9/11
And Saudi intelligence was " actively following " most of the September 11 , 2001 , plotters " with precision " prior to the attacks .
Saudi Arabia , like Israel , is a very close ally of the U.S .
Moreover , the U.S. intercepted many high - level Al Qaeda phone calls :
The CIA and the NSA had been intercepting phone calls by the hijackers for years
The National Security Agency and the FBI were both independently listening in on the phone calls between the supposed mastermind of the attacks and the lead hijacker .
Indeed , the FBI built its own antenna in Madagascar specifically to listen in on the mastermind 's phone calls .
The day before 9/11 , the mastermind told the lead hijacker " tomorrow is zero hour " and gave final approval for the attacks .
The NSA intercepted the message that day and the FBI was likely also monitoring the mastermind 's phone calls .
( The NSA claims that it did not translate the intercept until September 12th ; however , the above - mentioned FBI translator said that she was frequently ordered to falsify dates of translations regarding 9/11 )
Shortly before 9/11 , the NSA also intercepted multiple phone calls from Bin Laden 's chief of operations to the United States
Only two days before 9/11 , Osama Bin Laden called his stepmother and told her " In two days , you 're going to hear big news and you 're not going to hear from me for a while . ”
US officials later told CNN that “ in recent years they 've been able to monitor some of bin Laden 's telephone communications with his [ step ] mother .
Bin Laden at the time was using a satellite telephone , and the signals were intercepted and sometimes recorded . "
Indeed , before 9/11 , to impress important visitors , NSA analysts would occasionally play audio tapes of bin Laden talking to his stepmother
Moreover , the financiers for Al Qaeda were not mysterious and unknown before 9/11 :
According to intelligence officials in India , Pakistan 's military chief of intelligence wired $ 100,000 to the lead hijacker days before 9/11 ( mentioned here in a news roundup ) .
This is especially interesting because :
That particular chief of intelligence was appointed to that position with the approval of the U.S. , and the intelligence chief had held " consultations " with his U.S. counterparts at the CIA and the Pentagon during the week prior to September 11 .
Coincidentally , the above - described military chief of intelligence who wired the $ 100,000 to the hijacker actually met with the leaders of the House and Senate Intelligence Committees on the very morning of 9/11
Other facts point towards penetration of the highest levels of Al Qaeda :
9/11 family member and " Jersey Girl " Patty Casazza was told by whistleblowers that -- before 9/11 -- the government knew the exact day , the type of attack , and the targets
One of France 's largest newspapers claims that the CIA met with Bin Laden in an American hospital in Dubai in July 2001
Did 9/11 - like the crotch bombing - also involve U.S. intelligence services letting smaller terrorists into the U.S. so that they could catch the " big fish " ?
If so , this would be ironic , since the U.S. could have killed Bin Laden in 2001 and again in 2007 , but chose not to do so .
The prospect of losing two House seats in back - to - back special elections next month has sparked a vigorous , behind - the - scenes Democratic effort .
| Photos courtesy of respective campaigns and AP Dems ' special - election scramble
The prospect of losing two House seats in back - to - back special elections next month has sparked a vigorous , behind - the - scenes Democratic effort , designed to avoid an outcome that could lead to panic among the rank and file and stall the momentum generated by the recent passage of landmark health care legislation .
The trajectories of the two elections , which will take place in Pennsylvania and Hawaii over a span of four days next month , have raised alarm bells among top party officials who fear that a pair of defeats in the Democratic - held seats could amount to a Massachusetts Senate sequel , overshadowing President Barack Obama ’s health care reform plan and reinforcing a narrative that the Democratic Party is on track for severe losses in November .
Advertisement
According to sources familiar with the effort , the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee has already assembled teams of top party operatives — including veteran pollster John Anzalone and longtime ad man Saul Shorr to work on the Pennsylvania campaign , and media strategist David Dixon , who signed on to work the Hawaii race — to oversee what are expected to be large and expensive independent expenditure operations .
More important , two Democratic sources told POLITICO that the DCCC is working feverishly to prevent a very real scenario in which the two top Democrats split the party vote and enable Republican Charles Djou to capture the heavily Democratic seat in Hawaii ’s May 22 all - party special election .
“ Djou has a real chance of winning because it only takes a plurality of the votes , ” said Kam Kuwata , a longtime Democratic strategist and a veteran of Hawaii campaigns .
“ You will have all the talking heads on Fox News saying , ‘ A blow to President Obama in his home state , ’ and you ’ll have [ House Minority Leader ] John Boehner saying , ‘ The people have spoken again . ’ ”
Determined to avert that result , the two sources said the DCCC is providing under - the - radar organizational support to former Rep. Ed Case against Democratic state Sen. Colleen Hanabusa , including assistance from DCCC Western Regional Political Director Adam Sullivan .
Those efforts have coincided with the circulation of opposition research within Washington advancing the notion that Hanabusa is a longtime insider who received significant legislative pay raises at a time when the state has suffered through economic hard times — an emerging storyline that led Hanabusa to pull down her first campaign ad touting a vote to cut state legislative salaries and concede that the spot was misleading .
Several formidable obstacles still confront Democrats , however .
The low - profile efforts on Case ’s behalf has set up a potential showdown with Hawaii ’s two senators , Daniel Inouye and Daniel Akaka , and a state Democratic establishment that harbors deep resentment toward Case for waging a 2006 primary bid against Akaka .
In recent weeks , the DCCC reached out to Inouye and Akaka , both of whom have endorsed Hanabusa , to inform them the committee is considering lining up behind Case , according to two sources with knowledge of the conversations .
" We have to figure out how we convince them that it 's not in our interest to take a loss , " said a top Democratic official who is not involved in the DCCC ’s efforts .
Practically speaking , though , the key to delivering a win for Case may have less to do with Akaka and Inouye than with the Hawaii 's most powerful union — the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees , which is also backing Hanabusa .
Senior Democratic officials have met with AFSCME chief Gerald McEntee to urge him to drop the union 's opposition to Case , POLITICO has learned .
If AFSCME can be convinced Case is the more electable of the two Democrats , party strategists believe they can retain the seat .
AFSCME is n’t the only Democratic - oriented group that party officials have reached out to in hopes of breaking the special election logjam — EMILY ’s List , another Hanabusa supporter , has also been informed that that the DCCC is considering throwing its support to Case .
The DCCC on Monday declined to discuss its work in the Hawaii district that encompasses Obama ’s birthplace of Honolulu .
“ The DCCC does n’t comment on the internal workings of the committee .
What we are focused on is making sure Hawaii voters know about Charles Djou ’s record of supporting corporate special interests over Hawaii ’s families , ” said Jennifer Crider , a DCCC spokeswoman .
While the Hawaii problem is largely rooted in the quirky dynamics of the special - election process to replace former Democratic Rep.
Neil Abercrombie , the current political environment is what ’s fueling Democratic fears in southwestern Pennsylvania .
The contest to replace the late Democratic Rep. John Murtha is still taking shape , but Democrats in Pennsylvania and Washington are expressing worries that the party nominee , former Murtha District Director Mark Critz , is uniquely vulnerable to being painted as a political insider at time when that is no asset .
“ Locally , there ’s a lot of anger , people know things are n’t right .
And it taps into the general anxiety out there that things are on the wrong track , ” Barbara Hafer , Critz ’s onetime primary opponent and a former state treasurer , told POLITICO .
“ That could lead into a throw - the - bums out attitude . ”
One Democratic operative following the race , noting that public polling shows Critz with a narrow lead over Republican businessman Tim Burns in a district with a significant Democratic voter registration advantage , was blunter in his assessment : “ It ’s easy to make an argument that he ’s part of the problem .
He was a Hill staffer ; he asked for questionable earmarks .
There ’s a lot to beat him up on . ”
Equally worrisome is the realization that the Pennsylvania seat , while ostensibly Democratic , is not favorably inclined toward the national Democratic Party — it has remained in the party ’s hands during the past three decades thanks to the force of Murtha ’s personality and the federal largesse he delivered .
The economically struggling district is the only one in the nation that voted for Sen.
John Kerry in the 2004 presidential election and then for Sen. John McCain in 2008 .
“ It ’s a tough district .
The fact that Murtha got elected so many times covered up the fact that this is a tough seat , ” said one Democratic strategist familiar with the race .
“ Just look at the district on a map :
There ’s a lot of ‘ Pennsyltucky ’ action there . ”
Recognizing the threat , administration officials will be dispatching Vice President Joe Biden to stump for Critz later this month , POLITICO has learned .
“ I think there ’s nervousness .
The dynamics of the individual races are not great for different reasons , ” said a senior Democratic strategist who has been involved in House races .
“ Coming off the health care passage and with the general concern for November , they are worried that the races are taking on an elevated importance and that they do n’t deserve to be . ”
“ Hawaii is not a microcosm of America , and I do n’t think PA - 12 is either , ” added another senior Democratic strategist .
“ But they will be viewed as wins or losses on health care and this administration , whether they are or they are n’t . ”
Jonathan Martin contributed to this report .
Jimmy Kimmel Jay Leno Impersonation VIDEO
Jimmy Kimmel took the stage on his ABC show Tuesday night dressed as Jay Leno .
He came out in gray wig , fake chin and totally in character ... right down to the lisp .
The late night talk show host opened with , " Hello , hello , my name is Jay Leno ... and I 'm taking over all the shows in late night . "
Later in the show , guest Chevy Chase joined Jimmy on stage , sporting a Conan O'Brien hairpiece .
" The Jay Leno Show " has been canceled and there has been much speculation about a shuffling of the talent by NBC .
O'Brien issued a statement yesterday , indicating that he will no longer participate in " The Tonight Show " if it moves beyond its current time slot .
Check out the video below .
If you can read this sentence , congratulations !
You just survived the official opening of the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) , which an army of critics claim might create mini black holes that will devour the earth .
This colossal machine outside Geneva , the largest machine of science ever created , went to full power for the first time on Wednesday , and by mid-October the first real collisions will take place inside the machine .
Amusingly , the LHC criticism has backfired , similar to the way that media criticism of Gov. Sarah Palin has .
The more the critics slammed the machine , the more curiosity and intense interest it generated .
Subatomic particle physics and string theory , hardly the subject of dinner table conversation , suddenly became the talk of the town .
There 's now even a rap song about the LHC that 's become an instant , monster hit on YouTube .
At the heart of this debate is a truly mammoth machine , 17 miles in circumference , straddling the French - Swiss border .
After $ 8 billion and 14 years of work by thousands of physicists and engineers , the LHC has finally been fired up .
It 's purpose is to accelerate two beams of protons to 99.999999 % light speed in a huge tube in opposite directions and then slam them into each other to recreate the sizzling temperatures found at the instant of the Big Bang , and thereby unlock the greatest secrets of the universe .
At the very least , physicists hope to find a new particle , called the Higgs boson , the last piece of the Standard Model of particles .
But some physicists hope to do even better .
The LHC might shed light on the " theory of everything , " a single theory which can explain all fundamental forces of the universe , a theory which eluded Albert Einstein for the last 30 years of his life .
This is the Holy Grail of physics .
Einstein hoped it would allow us to " read the Mind of God . "
Today , the leading ( and only ) candidate for this fabled theory of everything is called " string theory , " which is what I do for for a living .
Our visible universe , according to this theory , represents only the lowest vibration of tiny vibrating strings .
The LHC might find something called " sparticles , " or super particles , which represent higher vibrations of the string .
If so , the LHC might even verify the existence of higher dimensions of space - time , which would truly be an earth - shaking discovery .
Mietvertrag nach Finanzspritze verlängert : Berliner Club SO36 gerettet
Wegen Anwohnerbeschwerden musste das SO36 eine teure Lärmschutzwand einbauen und stand kurz vor dem Aus .
Jetzt wurde der Mietvertrag bis 2020 verlängert .
Der legendäre Berliner Club SO36 ist gerettet .
Der Mietvertrag wurde bis 2020 verlängert , teilten die Betreiber am Freitag mit .
Das SO36 in Kreuzberg gehört zu den bekanntesten Clubs der Stadt .
Wegen einer Anwohnerbeschwerde muss das SO36 allerdings eine Lärmschutzwand einbauen , die 100 000 Euro kosten soll .
Jetzt wollen die Betreiber weiter Spenden dafür sammeln .
Im September hatten die Toten Hosen ein Benefizkonzert gegeben .
Eine Finanzspritze gab es letzte Woche bei den Live Entertainment Awards in Hamburg , bei denen das Haus als " Club des Jahres " ausgezeichnet wurde .
Der Preis ist mit 20.000 Euro dotiert .
Das etwa 30 Jahre alte SO36 war früher eine wichtige Stätte der Punkszene .
Heute sind besonders die schwul - lesbischen Partys wie " Cafe fatal " sowie das " Kiezbingo " bekannt .
Der Name stammt vom früheren Postzustellbezirk .
( CNN ) -- Oklahoma authorities are determining whether two bodies found Monday are those of a murder suspect and his wife 's missing 7 - year - old daughter , a spokeswoman for investigators said .
The bodies and a car authorities said was used in the kidnapping of the girl were found in a heavily wooded area in Norman , outside Oklahoma City , said Jessica Brown , spokeswoman for the Oklahoma Bureau of Investigation .
Lester Williams Hobbs , 46 , was charged in the death of his estranged wife , Tonya , and the kidnapping of her daughter , Aja Daniell Johnson .
Hobbs and the girl have been missing since January .
Brown said the bodies are those of an adult and child , but positive identification has not been made due to decomposition .
" There 's no reason to believe it 's not " Hobbs and the child , she said .
The medical examiner will attempt to identify the bodies using Hobbs ' fingerprints and Johnson 's dental records , Brown said .
The cause of death was unknown , though a note found near the car described what happened , she added .
The details of the note were not released .
The car had been left in the woods for several weeks , possible a month , Brown said .
The search for Hobbs and Johnson took investigators through Oklahoma and Texas .
Lester Hobbs is not Johnson 's biological father and has an extensive criminal history , police say .
Johnson 's biological father was awarded emergency custody of her in November , according to Oklahoma County District Court documents obtained by CNN affiliate KWTV of Oklahoma City .
At a hearing , Tonya Hobbs -- identified as Tonya Dunkin in the documents -- and the girl 's father , John Johnson , agreed that she would have supervised visitation with the girl and that she would keep the child away from Lester Hobbs , the documents said .
The leaks keep coming for the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) .
A new leak from Europe has revealed the inner workings of the negotiating process through a 40 + page document showing each country 's positions on key provisions of the treaty .
While most of the negotiating is quite technical , what stands out most sharply is the international resistance to the US - drafted proposals on DRM " anticircumvention " rules .
Let 's take a look at some of the key differences among parties .
Hey , is n't this an IP treaty ?
As part of a fairly technical discussion on ISP liability for copyright infringement , the US laid out its main reason for supporting " safe harbors " for Internet companies : " in order to facilitate the continued development of an industry engaging in providing information services online . "
New Zealand expressed displeasure , noting that the point of ACTA was not to boost the " information services online " industry .
The statement " appears to go beyond the general aim of ACTA to provide a framework for the enforcement of intellectual property rights , " said the New Zealand delegation , even though it supports the safe harbor principle .
New Zealand also objected to a US proposal that would provide a safe harbor when infringement occurs by " referring or linking users to an online location . "
New Zealand 's question is a simple one : how can a hyperlink violate copyright ?
" We understand this provision covers information location tools such as search engines , " said the delegation .
" It is not clear how the provision or use of information location tools breaches copyright , or why third party liability should arise for the provision of such tools .
We would welcome further explanation on the need to provide such a safe harbour . "
This , of course , has been the main argument of most BitTorrent search engines ( " We do n't host any material , just links — like Google ! " ) , but that has n't prevented numerous lawsuits against such sites .
Changing the laws
The US is pursuing the ACTA negotiations as an " executive agreement " rather than a full - on treaty ; this avoids the need for Congressional ratification but also means that ACTA cannot alter US law .
This means a strong US push to export the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) to the rest of the world — and of course many countries will need to alter their own laws to make this happen .
This is made explicit by Japan , which mentions several times that the proposed text is at odds with Japanese law .
Japan is therefore " examining " how to adjust ACTA " to Japanese legislation or vice versa . "
The European Union also notes at various points that the US proposals are " not consistent with the EU legislation , " though Europe does n't show much interest in rewriting its own laws — " Important .
No flexibility " is scattered throughout the negotiators ' notes .
About those WIPO treaties ...
How did the US end up with the DMCA 's " anticircumvention of DRM " principle , anyway ?
It was n't an idea pushed only during US lawmaking ; it actually came from the 1996 World Intellectual Property Organization ( WIPO ) Copyright Treaty .
The DMCA implemented the WIPO Copyright Treaty , though it went farther than WIPO ever did in some respects — and rightsholders have been attempting to convince the world ever since that the WIPO Copyright Treaty says more than it does ( the WIPO Performances and Phonograms Treaty , also passed in 1996 , is almost identical on the question of DRM ) .
The WIPO Copyright Treaty says of DRM that " Contracting Parties shall provide adequate legal protection and effective legal remedies against the circumvention of effective technological measures that are used by authors in connection with the exercise of their rights under this Treaty or the Berne Convention and that restrict acts , in respect of their works , which are not authorized by the authors concerned or permitted by law . "
Note that " adequate " and " effective " are purposely undefined in the treaty to allow flexibility in implementation ; note also that legal remedies must only be provided in cases where DRM " restricts acts ... which are not ... permitted by law . "
If DRM restricts activities that would otherwise be legal — say , format - shifting a DVD to your iPod in the US — countries are not required to provide any anticircumvention protection .
And yet , when the US proposed broad , DMCA - style anticircumvention language in ACTA , it opened by saying that this was done in order to implement the two WIPO treaties .
No one else is buying this , though , and the EU , Japan , and Canada all asked for the WIPO section to be struck out .
Japan went so far as to raise a lengthy question about this , pointing out that " the WIPO treaties do not require the Parties to implement the restriction of circumvention on access control .
Thus , making reference to the WIPO treaties is inappropriate . "
In addition , Japanese law has many fewer such restrictions , and Japan would " like to know from the US or other countries which adopt a restriction on circumvention of access control " just how much harm is caused by bypassing DRM and how effective the anticircumvention provisions have actually been .
Perhaps Japan has the same questions about DRM as this guy .
ISP monitoring : definitely out
Though there are disagreements about where to put the language , all the countries involve recognize that requiring ISPs to monitor their networks for copyright infringement , and conditioning safe harbors on such monitoring , is a Bad Idea .
Which is a Good Idea .
Given the rumors that the US - drafted Internet section of ACTA might well mandate such filtering , it looks the Internet has dodged a collective bullet .
So much secrecy
The leak is a fascinating peek inside a process that must be , most of the time , insanely boring .
If you think ACTA is all about plotting world domination , give the negotiating notes a read ; much of the time is spent hashing out individual words and phrases , trying to meld various legal systems , and talking about the " three - step test . "
The real mystery here is why some governments are pushing so hard to keep the various proposals and counterproposals secret ; some ideas are hugely controversial , but nothing appears to be " secret " in the way that missile deployment numbers , for instance , might be secret .
But thanks largely to Europeans , the ACTA leaks keep on dripping .
An earlier leak last week even told us which countries were dragging their heels on transparency : Belgium , Germany , Denmark , Portugal , South Korea , and Singapore .
As for the US , it refuses to take a position , and is certainly not pushing for more disclosure .
We checked in with the US Trade Representative official handling the negotiations to ask why the US , despite its repeated public commitments to transparency , would not even take a position .
There was no answer .
In Kandahar , where large - scale NATO military operations are expected this summer , some residents say the Taliban is their only option – the Afghan government and justice system are so corrupt they have nowhere else to turn to resolve complaints and get services .
Even as they realize living under the thumb of the Taliban is miserable , some Kandahar residents say they would rather live under that than the misery of another military operation .
And after previous experiences , they do n't expect U.S. forces to stay the course .
Read some of the voices in Kandahar :
Hajji Abdul Ghaffar
Hajji Abdul Ghaffar is a 55 - year - old businessman from Kandahar .
" When the Taliban are in our area , it is not easy to live under their conditions .
People must know they are not helping us , instead they are disturbing us , it is not something good that we like , " says Ghaffar .
" They call on us to go to the mosque , and they tell us , do n't travel on a certain road , because they have put IEDs there , and then claim ' We declared it to you ; if you go you will be responsible for your own death . ' "
" We are suffering under the Taliban more than we suffer under the government and the U.S. coalition , " Ghaffar adds .
" Local people just want to live their lives in peace , " he said referring to an old Pashtun saying when talking about the upcoming NATO operations in Kandahar , " When two bulls fight , they just destroy the small stones and grass . "
" The Americans will be coming and looking for Taliban in our homes , They may kill us and later they will say , sorry for what they have done , " Ghaffar said .
Ghulam Hazrat
Ghulam Hazrat is in his 30s and is a motorbike driver from Panjwai .
" We would like to have good roads and we love that our kids will get education , " he says .
" The Taliban are not giving us a chance to have that , and we are weak against Taliban . "
Hazrat says he lives in an area where Taliban plant IEDs and burn schools .
It 's something that local people do n't want but it 's out of their control and they feel powerless , he says .
" But it is better to live under one government than two , " Hazrat says about the struggle between the Afghan government and Taliban shadow governments .
Today , the serious problem in Kandahar is the gap between local people and the Afghan government , he says .
" The people have no trust in the government nor the U.S. and coalition forces .
It is very difficult for the local people to contact government officials , and they are hesitant to .
When they see Taliban activities in the area , they do n't know if they should report it to the government or not .
And usually they do n't feel comfortable enough to report it .
Jamal Shah , Afghan analyst
" In this kind of condition , if you do n't have the support from the public it will be difficult to have a successful military operation in Kandahar , " says Jamal Shah .
" First of all , it will be better to bring in a transparent and non-corrupt administration who will achieve the trust of the local people , and then you can start talking about an operation , " Shah says .
People also remember past operations , in which they saw no positive result .
" Now people are not optimistic for a future operation , " Shah said .
In the past they had military operations in Panjwai and Zari districts , but that did not change the lives of ordinary people – in fact it brought Taliban back to the area , when the coalition forces moved out – and they were more extreme and angry , he says .
The big thing that most people are talking about is the incapable administration that is the cause of distrust toward the government , Shah says .
They do believe there is need of clearing up the area from the Taliban , but for some people it is dilemma because of what may happen after .
" The coalition will leave the area again , and they will install a weak Afghan police force there , leaving the people to suffer again , " Shah says .
Shah says residents talk about how easy it was for the Americans to remove the Taliban regime in 2001 , and why can't they fix the insurgency problem now ?
How did it start back up ?
" People are starting to look at the American policy with doubt .
They do n't believe the Americans are here to bring peace to people .
The doubt will increase more if they have an operation without a good positive result . "
Abdul Halim , ex-Mujahideen commander
" Some people think that there is a lack of understanding from the Americans and the local government in Kandahar , " says Abdul Halim , who once fought against the Soviets .
" The Taliban of today are not the Taliban from Pakistan or Chechnya .
They are the Taliban from our areas , from our villages .
It is very hard for a police chief to distinguish who is a Talib , who are the sympathizers and who are not part of the Taliban , " Halim says .
" We seriously need an operation but it must involve the people who know this area best and who know most of the Taliban , " he adds .
Zarghoona Kakar , member of the Provincial Council
Zarghoona Kakar , a female member of Kandahar 's Provincial Council , fled from Kandahar to Kabul because she believed Kandahar was not secure and stable .
" The situation in Kandahar is worse and the lives of the people are in danger , " she says , " Businesses are suffering and it is worse than it was last year . "
She says that everyone knows the hateful actions of the Taliban but change needs to be made .
" The government must keep their promises they made to the people , " Kakar says .
" Why is n't the government winning the hearts and minds of people ?
We need the support of local people , we do n't need an operation , " she says .
Photo at top : Kandahar residents inspect the site of a suicide car bombing earlier this month .
MELBOURNE ( Reuters Life ! ) -
Like most 2 - year - olds , Aelita
Andre loves to play with paints , but instead of hanging in her room , the Australian toddlers ’ works are in an art gallery .
Andre , whose parents are both artists , caused a stir in the Australian art scene recently when her paintings went on display in an exhibition in Melbourne alongside works by established adult artists .
The owner of the gallery found out her age only after accepting the works and promoting the exhibit , raising questions about whether Andre is an art prodigy or just a child being helped by her parents .
“ There ’s probably some degree of collaboration between parent and child , ” said Robert Nelson , art critic and associate professor of art and design at Monash University .
“ The colorful backdrop , the calligraphic marks that was probably put there by a parent , that ’s not the work of a child , certainly not a child of that age , ” he told Reuters .
Andre ’s parents , Michael Andre and Nikka Kalashnikova , insist their daughter ’s works are all her own , and that they noticed her talent on the canvas at an early age .
“ I first noticed it in her playgroup when she was doing her water colors on paper .
And to me I just naturally saw abstract representations , objects and scenes and various things , ” father Michael said .
Kalashnikova said she often takes her daughter to art galleries , and gives her canvases and acrylic paints just like other parents provide paper and crayons for their children .
“ I do n’t want to push her into anything , ” she said .
“ I really want her to explain her world , what she sees on canvas , whichever way she sees it , whichever way she wants it , whichever method she uses . ”
Critic Nelson said that regardless of the controversy , Andre ’s paintings are a beautiful showcase of the quality of a child ’s imagination .
“ It drew to the public ’s attention the quality of a child ’s imagination and the child ’s interest in art through proactive parents and to me that ’s a great thing , ” he added .
Andre ’s paintings are priced at between $ 240 and $ 1,400 .
Her parents said proceeds from any sale will be put into a trust fund for their daughter .
By Subir Bhaumik
BBC News , Calcutta
The severed head and torso of a man has been found in a temple in the Indian state of West Bengal in what the police say is a case of " human sacrifice " .
The head and the body were found at the local temple to the goddess Kali near Chotomakdampur village in the western district of Birbhum .
Police say they have detained a tribal villager for questioning .
Human sacrifice is illegal in India .
But a few cases do occur in remote and underdeveloped regions .
" This man has been sacrificed to propitiate the gods , " said local official Kalyan Mukherjee .
" This is a shame for Bengal where the ruling Left coalition claim they have eradicated social evils and combated superstition , " an opposition leader Samir Kumar Ray said .
Though human sacrifice has long been banned in India , some people , mostly the poor and illiterate , fall under the influence of " witch doctors " in the hope of reversing their fortunes .
A year ago , I went to a London pub to speak at a meeting for the apparently doomed cause of libel reform .
Simon Singh had written an article which was true and important about the dangers of the quack therapy of chiropractic healing .
Then , like so many authors and publishers before him , he learned English law persecuted rather than protected honest argument and that he was in trouble .
The British Chiropractic Association was suing him for saying that there was " not a jot of evidence " that its members could help sick children by manipulating babies ' spines in accordance with the teachings of a more - than - usually nutty American faith healer .
Well - run societies do not defend men who make money from worried parents and , more seriously , fob off their children with bogus " cures " .
In his wisdom , however , Mr Justice Eady decided that the law would intervene to silence a debate on public health and ruled that it would not be enough for Singh to show that there was no reliable evidence that alleged treatments worked , which Singh would have difficulty in doing because there was n't .
Because he had written that the chiropractic association " happily promotes bogus treatments " , the judge said he had to jump the insuperable barrier of proving that the therapists were lying rather than merely deluded and face costs of £ 500,000 or more if he failed .
I expected a glum affair and did not expect my contribution to raise morale .
I described how the judiciary had allowed Robert Maxwell , Roman Polanski , Khalid bin Mahfouz and many another actual or suspected criminals to use a biased and prohibitively expensive law to silence their critics .
Far from being depressed , the audience turned into a heaving mass of furious geeks , who roared their anger and vowed that they would not rest until they had brought down the rotten system The " skeptic movement " ( always spelt with " k " by the way , to emphasise their distinctiveness ) had come to Singh 's aid .
He was now in the protective custody of men and women , who , with straight faces , introduced themselves by the titles of their blogs : " Hi , I 'm Gimpy . "
" Jack of Kent , pleased to meet you , love your writing .
This is Holford Watch , Zeno , Jago , and I thought I saw the Quackometer getting a round in at the bar . "
Unnerved by their determination , I said to Ben Goldacre , demolisher of pseudo - science in all its fraudulent forms : " The nerds are on the march .
I would n't like to be the one standing in their way . "
An uncharacteristically mystical look passed over the great debunker 's face .
" Yes , " he said .
" Strike us down , we shall become more powerful than you could possibly imagine . "
It was only later that I realised this is what Obi-Wan Kenobi says to Darth Vader in Star Wars and that the Skeptics movement 's highest cultural reference point was a 1970s ' B-movie .
I should n't have mocked .
More to the point , neither should the English establishment .
One year on , the Singh case has led to the Court of Appeal issuing the most ringing defence of freedom of speech in living memory .
Senior judges , who previously had not appeared to have known the difference between John Milton and Milton Keynes , quoted from " Areopagitica " as they severely limited the ability of libel lawyers to censor scientific debate .
The BCA realised that it could not hope to win and dropped its case .
The Lib Dems , Labour and the Tories responded to an outcry which was turning into a popular movement and included commitments to libel reform in their manifestos .
We 're not there yet , but a hopeless cause has become a national issue .
Credit for moments like this should always be widely spread .
Singh deserves the most .
Thousands who have confronted the possibility of a libel action have self - censored or backed down .
Singh decided to stay firm and stand by the tradition of British liberty , which has not on the whole been made in revolutions and with bills of rights but by cussed men and women who , when confronted with an injustice , refuse to bow their heads before it .
His lawyer , Robert Dougans , produced a brilliant argument which persuaded the senior judiciary to look to the free spirit of American law rather than the more authoritarian traditions of Europe .
Sense About Science , Index on Censorship and Pen organised a textbook reform campaign which lobbied Parliament and mobilised concerned academics .
And after watching Dara O Briain , Robin Ince and Dave Gorman give their time to the cause selflessly and without complaint , I swore to myself that I would never again bait " luvvies " who got involved in politics .
Yet the energy and novelty behind the campaign came from skeptics connected by the net .
Within a day of the chiropractors giving the court their argument that they could help sick children , scientists online had taken it apart brick by brick until nothing was left but a heap of rubble .
Meanwhile , their allies tracked down the web pages of every chiropractor in Britain who was claiming they could treat asthmatic children and reported him or her to their local trading standards officer .
Every court hearing and public meeting was packed by people with an unwavering belief in the importance of the scientific method and evidence - based policy .
Skeptics are less interested in what people think but in how they think .
There is an overlap with the more assertive atheism which followed 9/11 .
Like atheists , skeptics treat as patronising and contemptible the cynical modern belief that you should not examine religion or alternative medicines because the simple - minded and uninformed find comfort in them .
But you do not have to be an atheist to be a skeptic , merely commit to the free examination of evidence .
This modest ambition is surprisingly potent .
Politicians who supported libel reform had a smart and committed network behind them .
I suspect that politicians who still want to defend our irrational drugs laws or alternative treatments on the NHS will find that they will face unrelenting scrutiny from equally smart and committed opponents .
My hope after Singh 's victory is that none but the foolhardy will want a repeat of the drubbing the chiropractors received .
GNU Unified Parallel C ( GUPC )
The GNU UPC project implements a compilation and execution environment for programs written in the UPC ( Unified Parallel C ) language .
The GNU UPC compiler extends the capabilities of GCC .
The GUPC compiler is implemented as a C Language dialect translator , in a fashion similar to the implementation of the GNU Objective C compiler .
Project Goal
To encourage the use and adoption of UPC , GUPC provides a free , generally available implementation of the UPC language dialect .
By implementing UPC , GUPC provides a high - level tool for creating software targeted at parallel architectures .
The UPC language makes it easier to express algorithms that run on parallel , High Performance Computing ( HPC ) systems .
The GUPC release includes a support library , libupc , and extensions to the " C " parser that recognizes the UPC language syntax .
Features
UPC 1.2 specification compliant
UPC collectives library support
Fast bit packed pointer - to - shared support
Configurable UPC pointer - to - shared representation
Pthreads support ( where each UPC thread is mapped to a pthread )
GUPC - provided libupc supports symmetric multiprocessor ( SMP ) systems
Libupc will associate each UPC thread with a particular CPU via Linux processor affinity operations and the NUMA library , when available .
Supported Platforms
At this time , GUPC has been tested on the following platforms :
Intel x86_64
Linux uniprocessor and symmetric multiprocessor systems ( Fedora Core 11 and Ubuntu 9.04 )
Intel ia64 ( Itanium ) Linux uniprocessor and symmetric multiprocessor systems ( SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 11 )
Intel x86 Linux uniprocessor and symmetric multiprocessor systems ( CentOS 5.3 )
Intel x86 Apple Mac OS
X uniprocessor and symmetric multiprocessor systems ( Leopard 10.5.7 + , Snow Leopard 10.6 , and Lion 10.7 )
Mips2 32 - bit ( - n32 ) ABI and mips4 64 - bit ( - n64 ) ABI ( SGI IRIX 6.5 )
Cray XT3/4/5 CNL and Catamount
As a front - end to the Berkeley UPC Berkeley UPC runtime on various High - Performance Computing ( HPC ) systems
If you would like to learn of future ports to other platforms , or would like to discuss the feasibility of implementing GUPC on a platform of interest to you , we recommend that you join the GUPC discussion list .
Download
The latest release of GUPC is available for download .
Alternatively , you can access the GUPC branch in the GCC sources .
The GNU UPC Discussion List
The GNU UPC Discussion list provides a forum for tracking the status of UPC compilers based on the GNU GCC compiler .
Announcements of new compiler ports , future plans , as well as known problems will be posted to the GUPC discussion list .
To subscribe to the GNU UPC list , send an email message to gcc-upc-request@hermes.gwu.edu with the single word " subscribe " ( without the quotes ) in the body of the message .
Contributing
We encourage everyone to contribute changes and help test GUPC .
GUPC is currently on a development branch .
Reporting Bugs
Bugs in GUPC should be reported to the GCC bug tracker .
Please add " UPC " to the keywords field in the bug report .
Status
February 28 , 2010 Merged with the current GCC trunk , and checked into the gupc branch .
Recruiting membership in an unauthorized militia or the Ku Klux Klan would be a crime if legislation approved Thursday by the House of Representatives becomes law .
" This is making unauthorized militias illegal , ” said Rep. Mike Shelton , the amendment ’s author .
Both groups were added in an amendment to Senate Bill 2018 , which would increase the penalty for aiding or soliciting gang membership from one year in prison to five years in prison .
It also would create a new crime for gang - related offenses as a condition of membership , with the penalty being five years in prison .
" There has been a great deal of attention given to increasing the penalties for those involved in gang activity , and while I agree that gangs are terrorizing many communities , they are not the only such threat in our state , ” said Shelton , D - Oklahoma City .
" In Oklahoma , we have seen the damage done by militia fanatics , ” said Shelton , referring to the truck bombing 15 years ago of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City .
" The Ku Klux Klan has a long history of violence and domestic terrorism , ” he said .
" Involvement in those types of organizations should be treated no differently than participation in an urban gang . ”
SB 2018 passed 98 - 1 .
It now goes to the Senate .
Shelton ’s amendment was filed about a week after news reports indicated some in Oklahoma tea party groups supported a volunteer militia to help defend the state ’s sovereignty against federal government infringement .
Several tea party leaders later said they had been talking about reinstituting a state guard , which would help with emergencies and would be under the direction of the governor and Legislature .
Shelton ’s amendment defines an unauthorized militia as a group not recognized nor authorized by the commander - in - chief of the state ’s militia .
He said on the House floor that would be the governor .
Rep . Mike Reynolds , R- Oklahoma City , asked Shelton if he characterized the Black Panthers as an unauthorized militia .
" Are they going around terrorizing communities , doing drive - by shootings , using ammonium nitrate to blow up buildings ? ”
Shelton asked .
" When they start doing that , they would be considered ( that ) . ”
The percentage of American children who are overweight or obese has been growing for decades , and now nearly one in three has a body mass index that ’s greater than normal .
Although evidence suggests that obesity rates are leveling off overall , for some groups of kids — especially poor or minority kids — the problem continues to grow , according to a study published Tuesday in the journal Health Affairs .
Using data from the 2007 National Survey of Children ’s Health , the study showed marked regional differences .
The five states with the highest rates of overweight and obese kids are all in the Southeast — top- ranked Mississippi ( 44.4 % ) , Arkansas , Georgia , Kentucky and Tennessee .
Minnesota and Utah were tied with the lowest rates ( 23.1 % ) .
But when researchers further divvied up state - level numbers by race and socioeconomic status as well as things such as TV - watching behavior and access to parks , they found even greater disparities .
In an interview , lead study author Christina Bethell , a health policy expert at Oregon Health and Science University in Portland , explained the significance of her new findings and the questions they raise .
Here is an edited transcript of that interview .
Advertisement
What are some of the biggest factors that are linked to kids becoming overweight and obese ?
We found the highest rates of overweight or obesity in kids who were black ( 41.1 % ) , Spanish - speaking Hispanic ( 45 % ) , living below the poverty level ( 44.8 % ) , publicly insured ( 43.2 % ) and those who did not participate in activities outside of school ( 40.3 % ) .
The likelihood of being overweight or obese was greater if a child has a TV in his bedroom or watches more than two hours a day ( 41 % greater odds ) , if he ’s from a single - mom family ( 25 % greater odds ) or if he lives in a neighborhood without a park or recreation center ( 21 % greater odds ) .
What were some of the biggest surprises in your study ?
Advertisement
National obesity rates can mask what ’s happening in minority populations .
So while the overall prevalence of kids who are overweight or obese did n’t change between 2003 and 2007 , our study showed that it increased for publicly insured children .
It ’s somewhat of a surprise to the extent that there have been efforts to reduce childhood obesity , and a good amount of that funding has been targeted to vulnerable populations .
One could argue that we would have expected to see a decrease .
Another surprise was how much disparities varied across states .
In Alaska , poor children were only 1.2 times more likely to be overweight or obese than better - off children .
But in Arizona , the difference in rates was 3.8 .
Why would it be different to be poor in Alaska than in Arizona ?
That ’s basically what it amounts to — it ’s not the same being poor in one state as it is in another .
What does the future hold if obesity levels continue to rise in disadvantaged populations ?
Advertisement
For vulnerable children , the picture can start to look bleak .
It means adding the physical health burden of obesity to the already existing burdens of poverty and discrimination .
The majority of overweight or obese children in our study already had at least one of the other chronic health conditions we asked about , such as diabetes , asthma , attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and depression .
Our study also found that obese children were twice as likely to have had to repeat a grade in school compared with children who are neither overweight or obese .
Over time these types of impacts can really add up to impact the lifetime health and success of a child .
On a societal level , the projected loss of years of quality of life and added costs of future healthcare costs due to continued effects of childhood obesity into adulthood are astounding .
Another paper in the same journal projected costs and years of quality of life lost and concluded that even large investments with small impact on numbers of children who are obese would be well worth the investment — that ’s how big the lifetime impact and societal costs are .
One way or another , everyone pays dearly for this epidemic — except perhaps specific companies that gain by marketing their unhealthy products to children .
What other factors might contribute to kids becoming overweight or obese ?
Advertisement
I think it ends up pointing to a lot of other issues that we do n’t measure and could n’t take into account — things like norms of physical activity at schools and the quality of preventative health services .
And , of course , there ’s a lot of things going on inside the home where day - to - day decisions are made about eating and activity .
Given the higher overall rates of overweight and obese kids in Southeastern states , it is hard to escape the idea that it ’s related to culture or community norms .
One of the original titles of our paper was “ Beyond Socioeconomic Status . ”
It ’s a key point because , even though it is true that you ’re more likely to be overweight or obese if you ’re in one of those lower socioeconomic groups , the biggest proportion of children who are overweight or obese in the country are not in one of those so - called disadvantaged groups .
Most of them have private insurance , most of them have access to parks and recreation centers and most of them are not poor .
How can public health officials and policymakers use your findings to address the problem ?
All this data is available for each state in the U.S. through the national Data Resource Center for Child and Adolescent Health at https://www.childhealthdata.org.
My team runs this , and it ’s supported by the federal Maternal and Child Health Bureau .
Advertisement
For example in California , 30.5 % of children are overweight or obese — very close to the national average of 31.6 % .
By race , 39.9 % of Hispanic kids are overweight or obese , as are 34.4 % of black kids and 18.4 % of white kids .
Each state should be looking at what ’s going on : How big is the problem ?
With whom ?
Does it vary , and why ?
How might public health , health insurance and school programs play a role ?
What about parks and recreation centers and transportation and community safety ?
All of it matters , and all of it works together .
health@latimes.com
Last year , thought - provoking independent film District 9 swept the box office and blasted its way into the Oscars .
Was this a fluke , or could it happen again ?
Here are eight new science - fiction underdogs that could be the next sleeper hit .
Advertisement
To be sure , some of the films in this list have A - list stars , like Matt Damon and Robert Downey Jr.
But they 're still smaller projects , without the budgets of a Tron Legacy or a Transformers 3 .
Oh , and there are minor spoilers in this post , but nothing major .
Advertisement
1 ) Source Code
This is Duncan Jones ' next project after the critically acclaimed Moon .
Source Code still has n't released an official plot synopsis besides this : " A sci - fi story centered on a soldier who wakes up in the body of a commuter who witnesses a train explosion . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Jake Gyllenhaal plays the soldier , whose detective work includes letting the government " insert " his mind into the body of a passenger on the doomed train .
He keeps visiting the scenario again and again , until he uncovers the source of the accident .
It sounds like an incredibly cerebral film , and hopefully after Inception , with its own brain - boggling premise , is unleashed on the masses , the general public will be more apt to be interested in mind - bending scifi films .
It 's got the makings of a great break - out film : a recognized actor , two buzz - worthy actresses ( Vera Farmiga and Michelle Monaghan ) , and a director who richly deserves his moment in the sun .
Before The Trailer " />
Advertisement
2 ) The Darkest Hour
Emille Hirsch just signed on to star in this $ 40 million alien invasion flick .
Hirsch , an exceptionally talented actor in spite of the negative Speed Racer buzz , joins director Chris Gorak .
Gorak directed Right At Your Door , a brilliant genre film that never quite took off .
This story takes place in Russia and follows a group of American tourists struggling to deal with the aftermath of an alien invasion .
The film has a big - time producer , Timur Bekmambetov , to help give it wings .
Let 's hope they spend some money — and some brain - power — on making exciting but believable aliens .
Advertisement
3 ) The Adjustment Bureau
This film might not need any help from genre fans , since it already stars Matt Damon and Emily Blunt .
But it does happen to be based on a Philip K . Dick short story , " Adjustment Team , " about an affair between a politician and a ballerina and the mysterious forces keeping these two lovers apart .
This film could stumble into a " Richard Kelly " - like mess , leaving it up to the cognoscenti to explain the ending to everyone else .
But nevertheless , if you made a movie that was just Damon demonstrating how to recaulk your bathtub , people would still buy tickets to it .
Advertisement
Advertisement
4 ) Skyline
Alright so they 're not exactly the Coen Brothers , but the Strause brothers , who are directing this film , do have a great background in visual effects .
And they swear they 're going to make up for their debut film , Aliens Vs. Predator : Requiem .
Here 's the premise :
After a late night party , a group of friends are awoken in the dead of the night by an eerie light beaming through the window .
Like moths to a flame , the light source is drawing people outside before they suddenly vanish into the air .
They soon discover an otherwordly force is swallowing the entire human population off the face of the earth .
Now our band of survivors must fight for their lives as the world unravels around them .
Advertisement
Sure , it 'll probably be closer to Independence Day than District 9 — but this low - budget indie still might pack some strong characterization , thanks to Scrubs ' Donald Faison , Brittany Daniel , and Eric Balfour .
Plus let 's not forget , a lot of District 9 was very video game - esque .
This image was lost some time after publication .
Advertisement
Bloody Disgusting " />
Advertisement
5 ) Battle : Los Angeles
Actually the Strause brothers also worked on the visual effects for this alien - invasion film as well .
Battle : L.A. , though , has slightly better actors , including Aaron Eckhart in a long - awaited leading man action role , as the leader of a group of soldiers dealing with yet another successful alien invasion , where the aliens are rounding up the survivors .
Producer Neal Moritz told Collider the other day :
I 've now seen the movie .
I think it 's groundbreaking .
I think Jonathan Liebesman has done an incredible job for a manageable budget .
I think that the movie 's turned out better than I could have expected .
I think the aliens look incredible .
And I know on a page I read humans fight aliens , but when I watched it on - screen and to actually see basically Black Hawk Down type fighting where they 're not fighting … they 're fighting aliens was incredible .
It was just an incredible visual experience .
Advertisement
He also mentioned that the film might be going 3D .
Bridget Moynahan and Michelle Rodriguez join Eckhart on his alien mission .
Advertisement
6 ) Paul
Simon Pegg manged to take Shaun of The Dead to international heights , so there 's no reason his next project , an alien road - trip comedy , can't do the same .
Pegg teams up once again with his Shaun co-star Nick Frost , and the duo also co-wrote this film .
They 're also bringing along a massive list of comedian cameos , including Kristin Wiig , Jason Bateman , Bill Hader and Jane Lynch .
Genre queen Sigourney
Weaver is also rumored to be making a cameo , and is listed on the imdb page .
But the biggest mystery is Seth Rogen 's character , the mysterious alien Paul — who catches a ride in Pegg and Frost 's RV .
We still have no idea what Paul looks like , but he 's rumored to be completely CG .
With an alien in the passenger seat and the government hot on their tail , will Pegg and Frost will reach their nerdy destination , San Diego Comic Con ?
Either way , with this amount of comedic talent , it should at least be fun to watch .
Advertisement
7 ) The Host
Stephenie Meyer 's post - alien - invasion novel — yes , that Meyer — was a optioned a few months ago , and might even begin production as early as next year .
In Meyer 's world , the alien invaders have already won , and the main character is an alien who inhabits the body of a young human girl who was a member of the resistance .
The alien accesses her host 's memories and falls in love with the human 's boyfriend .
Thus beginning a strange alien / human love triangle .
Andrew Niccol , writer of The Truman Show , is currently working on the screenplay adaptation and will stay on to direct — although his newly announced project I'm .
Mortal might have to come first .
Advertisement
Advertisement
8 ) Gravity
Children of Men's Alfonso Cuaron cast Robert Downey Jr. in the lead role of his latest space epic , Gravity .
This might already be a success just because of the pairing of Downey and Cuaron .
The film , which Cuaron co-wrote with his son Jonas , is about a space commander , Downey , who has to make some difficult decisions when an asteroid busts up his space ship and kills off most of his crew .
He has to find a way to pilot his ship back with only one crew member .
The film is probably getting more cash than the rest of the above films , due to the director 's reputation , Downey 's involvement , and their desire to shoot the whole thing in 3 - D .
Advertisement
[ Picture via 2001 : A Space Odyssey ]
During a discussion today about potential iPad sales , a friend and I got distracted by reflecting on the tremendous value delivered by a vanilla PC .
Over on the Dell Web site right now , a basic 15 ″ laptop costs $ 499 and includes 320 GB of hard drive and 3 GB of RAM .
So for the same price as an iPad , you ’ve got a machine that can do the following :
give each family member his or her own private and personalized set of files , programs , and bookmarks
support the creation of almost any kind of document , plan , or project
run nearly all of the world ’s software development tools
function as a videophone
function as a television , DVD player ( and burner ) , radio , and videogame
be used almost anywhere in the world ( multi- voltage power supply and standard 802.11 wireless adapter )
The machine exacts a price in terms of learning and administration , but it does a lot for $ 499 !
So … can Apple sell a huge number of machines at the same price that do a lot less ?
Sure , at least to those who have an extra $ 499 for an indulgence .
Let ’s look at Apple ’s track record :
Macintosh : substantially more expensive than competition , 2 - 5 percent market share
i Pod : comparable price / megabyte to competition , 55 - 70 percent market share
i Phone : slightly higher price than other smart phones , 16 percent market share of smartphones ( source ) , negligible market share of all mobile phones
There have been enough spendthrifts worldwide to keep Steve Jobs in Gulfstreams , even when an Apple product carries a premium price , but Apple has only touched the mass market with products that are close in price to competitors ’ products .
The best predictor of iPad world dominance may therefore be how much it costs to buy a similar tablet from a competitor .
I.e. , if the competition costs about the same ( see “ Zune ” ) , Apple could end up with most of the market .
Architect David Denton spends much of his time on a lush tropical island , where he experiments with cutting - edge building designs and creates spaces for artists to showcase their work .
Never mind that the island only exists in the virtual - reality world of Second Life , a popular online venue where people interact via digital avatars .
Denton , 62 , said he purchased the island for about $ 700 — real money , not virtual cash — from its former owner , and considers it his property .
“ I own it , ” he told me .
“ I have the exclusive right to develop it .
It ’s mine . ”
Maybe not .
The creator of Second Life , a San Francisco company called Linden Lab , is being sued in federal court by some of the virtual world ’s “ residents , ” who claim that their property rights have been taken from them .
Advertisement
The lawsuit , which was filed this month in Pittsburgh and seeks class - action status , could have broad ramifications for similar online worlds that offer users open - ended adventures in cyberspace .
Its backers see it as a first step toward defining actual rights in virtual places .
“ It ’s a unique case , ” said Robert Bracken , an attorney at the Pittsburgh law firm representing plaintiffs in the lawsuit .
“ It shows how the Internet has come to dominate our lives . ”
The lawsuit alleges that Linden Lab tried to differentiate Second Life from other virtual worlds by repeatedly emphasizing that users would have indefinite ownership of any property purchased online .
“ What you have in Second Life is real and it ’s yours , ” the suit quotes Linden founder Philip Rosedale as saying .
“ It does n’t belong to us .
We have no claim to it . ”
Advertisement
The lawsuit alleges that Linden Lab induced up to 50,000 Second Life users to spend as much as $ 100 million — again , in real money — buying and developing virtual property , and maintaining that property through monthly fees that the company likened to property taxes .
But , it says , Linden quietly changed its contract terms to remove the concept of ownership and has confiscated the property of some users without compensation .
The lawsuit seeks more than $ 5 million in damages for what it says was fraud and violations of California consumer protection laws .
A spokeswoman for Linden said the company does n’t comment on pending litigation .
She declined to answer any questions about ownership of Second Life property .
I do n’t mind saying this is all a bit weird .
Spending real money on make - believe property strikes me as a pretty dubious investment , like playing Monopoly with actual greenbacks .
Advertisement
But I ’m sympathetic to the central point of the lawsuit :
If a company makes promises about a product , even if that product exists only online , then users of that product are entitled to certain protections .
“ There are laws that protect consumers from deceptive practices , ” said Bracken , the Pittsburgh lawyer .
“ You ca n’t tell people that they can own something and then turn around and snatch it back .
In this day and age , virtual property rights are important . ”
The lawsuit cites a 2003 press release issued by Linden in which the company acknowledges the role played by Second Life users in developing the virtual world .
It says users “ should be able to both own the content they create and share in the value that is created . ”
“ The preservation of users ’ property rights is a necessary step toward the emergence of genuinely real online worlds , ” it says .
Advertisement
But “ at an unknown date , ” the suit says , Linden began removing references to ownership from its website and began characterizing Second Life users as having “ a license to computing resources , ” not actual ownership of virtual terrain .
A new Second Life user contract took effect Friday .
It specifies that “ virtual land is available for purchase or distribution at Linden Lab ’s discretion ” and that “ Linden Lab may revoke the virtual land license at any time without notice , refund or compensation . ”
Aside from millions of dollars in damages , the lawsuit seeks a judge ’s determination that Second Life users do indeed own the property they purchase online , and as such they enjoy the same rights as real - world property owners .
I have no idea how all this will shake out .
But if I owned any virtual real estate , I ’d be kind of freaked by the notion that my cyber - holdings were actually a license to someone else ’s servers .
Advertisement
Denton , the architect , is now in the process of moving from Santa Monica to Tennessee , where he plans to retire from brick - and - mortar building projects but to remain active in virtual property development .
He is n’t a plaintiff in the lawsuit — at least not yet — but he says he ’ll fight to protect his island , which he views as an ideal ( albeit unreal ) location to confab with avatar - equipped clients and demonstrate design ideas .
“ As long as Second Life exists , that property is mine , ” Denton said .
I imagine he ’ll be keeping a close watch on the virtual horizon from now on .
Advertisement
Lines of credit
I wrote last week about a pair of West Hollywood homeowners who were among potentially millions of former Countrywide customers whose home equity lines of credit were n’t being renewed by Bank of America .
The bank had sent out letters saying it was taking the action not because of anything the homeowners did , but because of “ current conditions in the financial markets . ”
Michelle Mindlin , 55 , told me she was flabbergasted that BofA would pick on her and her partner .
She said they ’d never missed a mortgage payment on their condo and had never been late with an interest payment on their credit line .
Here ’s an update : Mindlin said that after the column ran , she received a call from a BofA rep .
“ The bank now wants to help us , ” she said .
“ They ’ve decided to unfreeze our credit line . ”
Advertisement
David Lazarus ’ column runs Tuesdays and Fridays .
He also can be seen daily on KTLA - TV Channel 5 .
Send your tips or feedback to david.lazarus@latimes.com .
Drought has prevented millet plants from forming grains Niger is threatened with total crop failure in some areas and the situation is worse than the 2005 crisis , the UN humanitarian chief has told the BBC .
But John Holmes said the new government is co-operating in aid efforts .
Ex -President Mamadou Tandja , toppled in a coup in February , was criticised for doing too little then and saying the crisis had been exaggerated .
Nearly 8 m people are affected by the drought this year and the UN says up to $ 130 m ( £ 85.5 m ) is needed to help them .
' Alarm sounded '
On a visit to the West African country , Mr Holmes said aid agencies had identified - and were dealing with - the problem early enough to make a difference .
I have a daughter who attends school ; she can't eat every day
Zinder resident
In pictures : Niger 's food crisis " We have sounded the alarm much earlier , " he told the BBC's Network Africa programme " And we are tackling it much earlier so I hope that we can avoid the worst , and avoid the kind of scenes we 've seen before in Niger or in Ethiopia in the 1980s . "
The UN emergency relief co-ordinator was visiting the Zinder area of southern Niger , where he said rates of malnutrition in children had increased because of the lack of food .
People in Zinder told the BBC about how the food shortages were affecting their lives .
" I do n't have any food because this year has been very hard , " said Nana Mariama .
" I seldom have one meal a day : my breakfast .
I have a daughter who attends school ; she can't eat every day .
My husband has gone to Nigeria to fetch food . "
Another man said he had lost more than 80 cattle .
" The remaining donkeys are so weak that we have to help .
We have to lift them up every time , because there is no food .
No pasture . "
Mr Holmes said he was optimistic that the current military junta was serious about dealing with Niger 's food crisis .
" But we have some advantages in that the government is much more open about it and cooperative about it [ the food crisis ] than they were in 2005 , " he told the BBC .
Elizabeth Byrs , spokesperson for the UN Office for the Co-ordination of Humanitarian Affairs in Geneva , said the government had already taken some action .
" Current activities implemented by the state and its partners include cash - for - work programmes , low - price sales , cattle - feed distribution , cereal banks and targeted nutritional blanket feeding programme to prevent malnutrition , " she said .
But a lot still remains to be done , she added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Rory McCarthy in Jerusalem
Israeli human rights groups say that Palestinians and any foreigners living in the West Bank could be deemed ‘ infiltrators ’ and deported within 72 hours or jailed for seven years if they are found without the correct permit under the new orders .
Photograph : Musa Al - Shaer / AFP / Getty Images
Israel ‘s leading human rights groups are trying to stop two new Israeli military orders which will make any resident of the occupied West Bank who does not have an Israeli - issued permit liable for deportation or jail .
The new Order Regarding Prevention of Infiltration and Order Regarding Security Provisions , which comes into force on Tuesday have “ severe ramifications , ” the rights groups say .
Palestinians , and any foreigners living in the West Bank , could be labelled infiltrators and deported within 72 hours or jailed for seven years if they are found without the correct permit .
It does not define what Israel considers a valid permit .
“ The orders … are worded so broadly such as theoretically allowing the military to empty the West Bank of almost all its Palestinian inhabitants , ” said the 10 rights groups , which include Ha-Moked , B’Tselem , the Association for Civil Rights in Israel , and Rabbis for Human Rights .
Until now the vast majority of Palestinians in the West Bank have not been required to hold a permit just to be present in their homes , the groups say .
“ The military will be able to prosecute and deport any Palestinian defined as an infiltrator in stark contradiction to the Geneva conventions , ” they said .
The law broadens the definition of an “ infiltrator ” and could allow Israel to transfer some Palestinians from the West Bank to Gaza , or to deport foreign passport holders married to West Bank Palestinians , or to deport Israelis or foreigners living in the West Bank .
The groups said tens of thousands of Palestinians were in those categories .
Israel effectively controls the Palestinian population register and since 2000 , apart from once in 2007 , the Israeli authorities have frozen applications for renewal of visitor permits for foreign nationals , or applications to grant permanent status in the occupied territories .
As a result , many Palestinians live in the West Bank without formal status and are now vulnerable under the new orders .
The human rights groups wrote to the Israeli defence minister , Ehud Barak , today asking him to delay or revoke the orders , which they said were “ unlawful and allow extreme and arbitrary injury to a vast number of people ” .
The Israeli military said the purpose of the orders was “ the extradition of those residing illegally in Judea and Samaria , ” an Israeli term for the West Bank .
The orders had been “ corrected ” in order to “ assure judicial oversight of the extradition process , ” it said .
However , Saeb Erekat , the chief Palestinian negotiator , said the orders would make it easy for Israel to imprison or expel Palestinians from the West Bank .
“ These military orders belong in an apartheid state , ” he said .
“ They are an assault on ordinary Palestinians and an affront to the most fundamental principles of human rights .
Israel ’s endgame is not peace .
It is the colonisation of the West Bank . ”
Source
F orget dire economic buzzwords — we see the financial crisis in stark relief every time the cashier rings up our weekly groceries .
So what can you do ?
Here are ten food ingredients to make the most of your budget and help fill your family up for less .
You 'll find hearty pantry staples , inexpensive proteins , and flavor - adders that prove that a little can go a long way .
Of course , you 'll need to add veggies ( choose what 's in season where you live for the best buys , or flash - frozen varieties , which are loaded with nutrients ) and other fixings to round out meals .
Before you even hit the supermarket , be sure to check out our Budget Shopping Tips and money - saving posts in our blog .
Potatoes
( 73 ¢ per pound for white potatoes ) *
The simple spud sure is versatile : Use low - starch waxy ones , such as red - skinned types , for dishes where they must hold their shape , like potato salad or scalloped potatoes .
High - starch russets are great for baking or for airy mashed potatoes .
Store spuds in a cool , dark place for up to several weeks .
Exposure to light is what turns them green — if that happens , simply cut off the bitter green sections before cooking .
Stretch your food budget and cut fat by using potato instead of cream as a base for thick , smooth chowders , or try unusual dishes such as potato nachos or potato lasagna .
recipes to try :
New England - Style Cod and Potato Cakes with Tartar Sauce
Portobello Mushrooms Stuffed with Parmesan Whipped Potatoes
Cheddar and Mashed Potato Gratin
Grilled Sweet Potatoes with Lime Cilantro Vinaigrette
see more potato recipes ›
Rice
( 86 ¢ per pound for white long - grain , uncooked rice ; $ 1.23 for brown rice )
White rice may be a familiar and inexpensive starch , but brown rice ( just a few extra cents per pound ) is healthier , nuttier , and has three times the fiber of white rice .
Better yet , it can be used in almost any recipe calling for white rice .
Make sure you budget for extra time , though , as it does take longer to cook .
Brown rice can stretch meatball or meatloaf mixtures , make crispy rice cakes , or create the base for a hearty pilaf .
Bulk - buying rice is an easy way to cut costs .
It should be stored in a well - sealed container .
White rice lasts , but the bran in brown rice will turn rancid after about six months .
Refrigerating or freezing uncooked rice will make it last longer .
recipes to try :
Vegetarian Brown Rice Sushi Rolls
Wild Rice and Brown Rice Cakes with Roasted Vegetable Ragu
Zucchini Rice Gratin
Brown Rice Pudding
see more rice mains & sides ›
Pasta
( $ 1.19 per pound for spaghetti and macaroni )
Everyone has a box of dry pasta in the pantry .
In addition to its convenience , price , and long shelf life ( you can store it for up to a year ) , pasta comes in a variety of shapes and flours .
Some brands have added fiber , others are made from fortified white flour ; whole - wheat pasta and couscous are also healthy choices .
Buy it when it's on sale , then set aside a day to prepare several batches of ziti or lasagna ; baked pasta dishes like these freeze well , so just thaw a pan as you need it and throw it in the oven for a fast , filling dinner .
Do n't know your cavatelli from your riccioli ?
Check out our handy visual guide to pastas .
recipes to try :
Spicy Pasta , Bean , and Sausage Soup
Vegetable Lasagna
Warm Pasta Salad with Roasted Corn and Poblanos
Pasta with Bolognese Sauce
see more pasta dishes ›
Chicken
( $ 1.21 per pound for fresh , whole chicken )
Buying a whole bird is far more cost - effective than purchasing individual parts .
Our technique video illustrates how to break them up .
While the breast is moist and tender , you can slow - cook the thighs and legs , boil the bones for a delicious soup stock , and turn extra meat into a hearty curry or chili .
Leftover cooked chicken can be stored in the fridge for three to five days , according to the USDA .
Buying in bulk helps cut the cost , too .
Either split a pack with friends , or freeze what you want to save for later use .
Wrap the meat in foil , plastic wrap , or freezer paper , and then place in a freezer bag to prevent freezer burn .
recipes to try :
Roast Chicken with Rosemary Garlic Paste
Chicken and Dumplings
Chicken Soup with Loads of Vegetables
see more chicken recipes ›
Beans
( $ 1.34 per pound for dry legumes )
Canned beans are a time - saver , but you can cut costs — and sodium intake — by purchasing dried beans .
Just soak them overnight in a couple of inches of cold water before cooking ( if you 're worried about gassiness , discard the soaking water ) .
Do n't add salt ; it prevents them from absorbing water .
How do you know when they 're rehydrated ?
When they do n't absorb any more water , and a bean sliced in half no longer looks opaque .
In a rush ?
Pop them in a pot , immerse in water , boil for three minutes , then cover the pot and let them soak for an hour .
( No matter what , you still need to boil the beans for an hour or two until they 're soft . )
You can use beans in great soups , as a filler in meatloaf or chili , or to stretch casseroles .
Protein - packed and high in fiber , they make you feel full long after you eat them .
recipes to try :
Black Bean Soup
Tuscan Beans
White Turkey Chili
Curried Red Lentil and Swiss Chard Stew with Garbanzo Beans
see more bean dishes ›
Apples
( $ 1.40 per pound for Red Delicious )
Apple varieties and prices fluctuate by season ( and depending on where you get your fruit ) , yet apples are generally a good buy and will last for up to a month , depending on the variety , when kept in a cool , dry place with a constant temperature .
Tip :
Put them in the fridge to make them last longer .
If apples are on sale , buy them up and cook them into sauce ; you can freeze mini portions in muffin tins and then put them together in a freezer bag so you can take out one or two at a time .
Apple sauce , jams , and preserves are great ways to use imperfect apples , and you 'll often find those on the sale shelf in the supermarket .
recipes to try :
Chicken and Apple Curry
Pork Loin Stuffed with Fuji Apples
Apple Chutney
Upside - Down Butterscotch Apple Sour Cream Cake
see more apple recipes ›
Canned Tuna
( Chunk light in water or oil , 89 cents to 95 cents ; albacore in oil or water , $ 1.49 to $ 1.89 )
While you can't beat the taste of fresh fish , canned tuna wins over folks for its price and convenience .
You may keep cans on your pantry shelf for up to three years , though check the date and make sure the tin has no dents ( a leak could let air in and thus spoil the food ) .
Shelf life is the same whether the fish is packed in oil or water .
Some fish varieties are on the endangered list , but U.S. and Canadian albacore tuna is fine to eat without guilt , according to the Environmental Defense Fund 's Seafood Selector .
And note :
One or two cans will go a long way toward feeding four if you find the right recipes .
recipes to try :
Tuna Noodle Casserole with Mushrooms and Fresh Herbs
Crunchy Tuna Salad
Grilled Swiss Cheese , Tuna , and Red Pepper Sandwiches
Linguine with Tuna , Capers , and Raisins
see more tuna recipes ›
Eggs
( $ 1.85 per dozen grade A large eggs )
Eggs star in recipes sweet and savory , but behind the scenes , they 're used to bind other ingredients and as a leavener .
Store eggs in their carton so they do n't absorb smells from other foods — it 's best to keep them in the body of the fridge rather than on the door , so their temperature is constant .
Use them by the " best by " date on the box .
Cracked too many eggs ?
Use them within two to four days .
Hard - boiled eggs can be kept in their shell for up to a week .
Use leftovers within four days .
Eggs on sale ?
Buy them up !
You can freeze beaten eggs for up to three months ( when you 've defrosted them , simply add three tablespoons of the liquid for each egg called for in a recipe ) .
Thaw frozen egg in the fridge and use immediately .
recipes to try :
Scrambled Egg , Potato , and Bacon Tostadas
Crustless Quiche
Curried Egg Salad
Easy Egg Custard
see more egg recipes ›
Cheese
( $ 5.02 per pound for natural cheddar cheese )
Cheese adds flavor , along with protein and calcium , and you do n't need much to get a noticeable boost ( extra - sharp varieties are a good buy ) .
Parmigiano - Reggiano and Pecorino Romano are great for grating ; freeze the rinds to add rich , earthy flavor to soup stock .
It 's much cheaper to buy block cheese and grate it yourself , and if you buy in bulk , just chop the cheese into handy sizes and freeze for up to three months .
Use it to jazz up pasta , bean chili , or baked potatoes , or pack a few cubes along with crackers for lunch .
recipes to try :
Baked Penne with Broccoli and Three Cheeses
Cannellini Soup with Parmesan
Lavash Vegetarian Pizza
Baked Cheese Grits
see more cheese recipes ›
Flank Steak
( $ 7.29 per pound ; top round steak , $ 3.48 per pound )
Though leaner than many finer cuts of beef , flank steak tastes best when dry rubs and marinades have been applied .
Thinly sliced against the grain , a little flank steak will go a long way .
These steaks can be broiled or grilled , but you must be careful not to overcook them or they will become dry .
Top round steak ( London Broil ) is another good - value cut :
Like flank steak , it 's easy to prepare and you do n't waste purchase weight with having to trim fat .
Another option : Spread stuffing on the steak then roll it up to bake .
Got leftovers ?
Treat yourself to a tasty sandwich for lunch , or toss pieces in with veggies and rice or noodles for an easy , quick stir -fry .
recipes to try :
Grilled Flank Steak with Rosemary
Spinach and Carrot Stuffed Flank Steak
Asian Steak and Noodle Salad
Steak Sandwiches with Horseradish Mustard Butter and Watercress
see more flank steak recipes ›
* Price information for average national prices during the month of October 2008 is taken from the U.S. Department of Labor , Bureau of Labor Statistics .
Tuna price ranges come from Starkist .
Parents across the Lone Star State are in an uproar after the Texas Tribune found that the Department of State Health Services covered up the donation of blood samples from 800 newborn babies to a forensic database created by the US military .
Although the blood was taken as part of routine disease screening , the state gave the blood away without the consent of the parents , to help the Armed Forces DNA Identification Laboratory create a mitochondrial DNA database .
If the rest of the leadership at the Fed came out in support of breaking up firms deemed too big to fail , then I would have a far easier time supporting its getting the role of systemic risk regulator .
If its directive is to make sure firms do n't grow too large , break them up if they already are and prevent mergers when systemically risky firms might be created , then I would be less worried about its other conflicts of interest .
Of course , Congress would also have to give the Fed its blessing to have that power .
Could this happen ?
The House version of financial regulation that passed does contain some language providing break up authority .
The Senate 's original version did too .
But it 's unclear at this time whether whatever bill that the Senate finally comes up with will still contain this authority .
Given the challenge Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd ( D - CT ) faces in getting anything controversial in there , I kind of doubt we 'll see break up authority included .
And that 's a problem .
Even though larger firms could create failure plans to detail how they would be wound down by a resolution authority if they ran into trouble , there 's no guarantee these plans would actually work .
It sounds great in theory , but only in theory .
Until the economy enters another financial crisis , it 's impossible to know if these failure plans will really hold up when the economic landscape looks very different .
Breaking up systemically risky firms is the most direct way to address the too big to fail problem .
It would be messy , but it's also the only way we can have some certainty that firms can collapse without taking the entire economy down with them .
It 's nice to see another Fed president join the cause , but unless others follow , it might not much matter .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
ComradeDover Profile Joined November 2009 Bulgaria 758 Posts # 1
I 'm not the greatest player , so my thinking might be completely off here , but ...
With regard to macro mechanics , it seems like Supply Drop ( If you can call Supply Drop a macro mechanic , I would ) seems to be really undervalued .
Part of the reason is obvious -- Scan is an old favorite with a myriad of uses and MULES are useful as well , but I can't help but feel there 's something to Supply Drop that a lot of people are missing .
Consider a hypothetical scenario that happens all the time in many games featuring a Terran player ;
You have 50 or more energy on your Orbital Command and have no immediate need to scan .
You 're also close to being supply capped , and it 's time to build a new depot .
You can either :
1 ) Call down a MULE ( Which mines about 300 minerals during it's lifetime , right ? ) , have it and your SCVs mine 100 minerals and build a new supply depot .
If you do this , total income = ( 300 - 100 ) = 200 + whatever your SCVs mine .
Of course , you do n't actually get any more resources than you would have without MULE -- the amount in the mineral fields remains constant , regardless of how fast you drain it .
2 ) Use supply drop .
Your income remains unchanged , but you now have 100 minerals that you would have spent on supply to spend on something else .
Furthermore , unlike MULE which is a benefit with a drawback ( faster mining = being mined out faster ) , the 100 minerals that you " gain " from supply drop are pretty much permanent ( unless the target depot is destroyed , obviously ) .
A 2 - base terran who 's mined out on all his bases who used supply drop will have 100 x ( times supply drop used ) more minerals worth of stuff compared to one who used MULE .
Still , even on paper , it seems like option 1 is a no - brainer , right ?
You get 200 minerals you would n't have had before , and I grant that in many cases you could find many uses for those more immediate 200 minerals , including make more CCs / workers to expo with , or units to help secure more expos .
But that can't last forever , and from what I 've noticed other races are far better at expanding than Terran is .
By the time you reach that point , though , you 're pretty much done making supply depots ...
I guess what I 'm getting at is I 'm questioning if Supply Drop is really quite as bad as people make it out to be in the long run .
Can someone smarter than me shed some light on this ?
Am I totally misguided here ?
Bring back 2v2s !
Tinithor Profile Joined February 2008 United States 1552 Posts # 2
Most people are more concerned with the short term and just survivng and / or killing their opponent instead of trying to win the resource battle when the entire map is mined out .
I do n't think its AWFUL but i certainly think the extra units sooner you would get from the mule is more helpful , it will allow you to take more bases and stop the enemy from doing the same .
" Oh - My - GOD " ... " Is many mutas , Yes ? "
A3iL3r0n Profile Blog Joined October 2002 United States 2196 Posts # 3
Supply drop probably would n't be that bad if you had 3 CC 's to give you 24 free supply .
In general , it 's an obvious third to MULE and scan .
My psychiatrist says I have deep - seated Ragneuroses :(
Cade ) Flayer Profile Joined March 2010 United Kingdom 279 Posts # 4 Supply Drop is great when you screw up and hear that dreaded warning about needing more supply though :p
That boys a monster
ArvickHero Profile Blog Joined October 2007 10379 Posts # 5 I 'm sure Supply Drop will be figured into some elaborate 2 - base all - in play sometime into the future Writer ptrk
SilentCrono Profile Blog Joined March 2010 United States 1420 Posts # 6 i never really do supply drop unless i have excess energy with any of my CC's ( which is a bad sign in and of itself because that means i'm not macroing well enough ) ♞
Your soul will forever be lost in the void of a horse . ♞
ComradeDover Profile Joined November 2009 Bulgaria 758 Posts # 7 On March 27 2010 12:49 Tinithor wrote :
Most people are more concerned with the short term and just survivng and / or killing their opponent instead of trying to win the resource battle when the entire map is mined out .
I do n't think its AWFUL but i certainly think the extra units sooner you would get from the mule is more helpful , it will allow you to take more bases and stop the enemy from doing the same .
I suppose everyone hopes for a fast conclusion to a game , and the goal of StarCraft is to win , not be efficient .
I understand what you 've said is the prevailing feeling on the matter , but I just can't shake the feeling that there 's more to it than that .
I suppose everyone hopes for a fast conclusion to a game , and the goal of StarCraft is to win , not be efficient .
I understand what you 've said is the prevailing feeling on the matter , but I just can't shake the feeling that there 's more to it than that .
On March 27 2010 12:51 A3iL3r0n wrote :
Supply drop probably would n't be that bad if you had 3 CC 's to give you 24 free supply .
In general , it 's an obvious third to MULE and scan .
I 'm not sure I understand .
In what situation would I need to build three supply depots at once ?
And if I did for whatever reason , would n't a single orbital command with energy saved up serve me just as well ?
I 'm not sure I understand .
In what situation would I need to build three supply depots at once ?
And if I did for whatever reason , would n't a single orbital command with energy saved up serve me just as well ?
On March 27 2010 12:56 Cade ) Flayer wrote :
Supply Drop is great when you screw up and hear that dreaded warning about needing more supply though :p
Of course , but that can't be it 's only use .
If it was , it would be nothing more than a crutch for bad players , and at high level play it really would be as bad as it's portrayed on the forums .
Of course , but that can't be it 's only use .
If it was , it would be nothing more than a crutch for bad players , and at high level play it really would be as bad as it's portrayed on the forums .
On March 27 2010 12:56 ArvickHero wrote :
I 'm sure Supply Drop will be figured into some elaborate 2 - base all - in play sometime into the future
So the potential is there , right ?
I 'm not crazy ?
So the potential is there , right ?
I 'm not crazy ?
Bring back 2v2s !
Annihilator_ Profile Joined March 2010 United States 4 Posts # 8
Do n't you also have to factor in the the minerals your supply depot SCV misses out on when he 's building it ?
Granted its probably like 50 minerals but it 's still something .
MULE and Scan are still better I think and I 'm guessing supply drop is only there for those " oh shit " moments .
Raven ... online
Tinithor Profile Joined February 2008 United States 1552 Posts # 9 Even for like ... a timing attack i feel like the extra minerals a mule brings in would be better for getting out more units FAST than the supply drop .
I really do n't see its uses in high level play ( great for new players tho really , cause they already have trouble spending the minerals they have ) " Oh - My - GOD " ... " Is many mutas , Yes ? "
ComradeDover Profile Joined November 2009 Bulgaria 758 Posts # 10 On March 27 2010 13:10 Annihilator_ wrote :
Do n't you also have to factor in the the minerals your supply depot SCV misses out on when he 's building it ?
Granted its probably like 50 minerals but it 's still something .
Oh shit , I had completely forgotten about that .
And you 're right , it 's minor but it 's still something , as as SC2 becomes more and more " figured out " , small things like that will matter more and more .
It would be pretty difficult to figure out the exact amount lost , though , and would depend on a number of factors like distance from mineral field to depot location , etc ...
Oh shit , I had completely forgotten about that .
And you 're right , it 's minor but it 's still something , as as SC2 becomes more and more " figured out " , small things like that will matter more and more .
It would be pretty difficult to figure out the exact amount lost , though , and would depend on a number of factors like distance from mineral field to depot location , etc ... Bring back 2v2s !
ComradeDover Profile Joined November 2009 Bulgaria 758 Posts Last Edited : 2010-03-27 04:27:24 # 11 On March 27 2010 13:13 Tinithor wrote :
Even for like ... a timing attack i feel like the extra minerals a mule brings in would be better for getting out more units FAST than the supply drop .
I really do n't see its uses in high level play ( great for new players tho really , cause they already have trouble spending the minerals they have )
I guess it 's because , contrary to popular opinion , I firmly believe that Blizzard is not dumbing down StarCraft in SC2 , and this is making me look for possible high - level applications of Supply Drop .
Maybe I 'm wrong , and they do n't exist , although I 'd really like to believe otherwise .
Assuming you 're right , and Supply Drop is only useful in lower - level play , what changes could potentially " fix " this ?
( I 'm also loath to ask this since I believe that there is n't a big need for lots of drastic balance changes ... )
Perhaps if MULES were changed so they could n't mine from already - saturated minerals ?
That would be a sizable nerf to MULES , but they would still remain useful for getting immediate income out of newly - established expansions ( Particularly the juicy gold mineral expos , where MULES are being called down when possible anyway ) , and at the same time it would free up Orbital Command energy for Scan and eventually Supply Drop ?
Of course such a change would affect the entire Terran race taken as a whole , and not just the energy tension of the Orbital Command ...
I guess it 's because , contrary to popular opinion , I firmly believe that Blizzard is not dumbing down StarCraft in SC2 , and this is making me look for possible high - level applications of Supply Drop .
Maybe I 'm wrong , and they do n't exist , although I 'd really like to believe otherwise .
Assuming you 're right , and Supply Drop is only useful in lower - level play , what changes could potentially " fix " this ?
( I 'm also loath to ask this since I believe that there is n't a big need for lots of drastic balance changes ... )
Perhaps if MULES were changed so they could n't mine from already - saturated minerals ?
That would be a sizable nerf to MULES , but they would still remain useful for getting immediate income out of newly - established expansions ( Particularly the juicy gold mineral expos , where MULES are being called down when possible anyway ) , and at the same time it would free up Orbital Command energy for Scan and eventually Supply Drop ?
Of course such a change would affect the entire Terran race taken as a whole , and not just the energy tension of the Orbital Command ...
Bring back 2v2s !
Divinek Profile Blog Joined November 2006 Canada 4043 Posts # 12 On March 27 2010 13:26 ComradeDover wrote :
Show nested quote +
On March 27 2010 13:13 Tinithor wrote :
Even for like ... a timing attack i feel like the extra minerals a mule brings in would be better for getting out more units FAST than the supply drop .
I really do n't see its uses in high level play ( great for new players tho really , cause they already have trouble spending the minerals they have )
I guess it 's because , contrary to popular opinion , I firmly believe that Blizzard is not dumbing down StarCraft in SC2 , and this is making me look for possible high - level applications of Supply Drop .
Maybe I 'm wrong , and they do n't exist , although I 'd really like to believe otherwise .
.
I guess it 's because , contrary to popular opinion , I firmly believe that Blizzard is not dumbing down StarCraft in SC2 , and this is making me look for possible high - level applications of Supply Drop .
Maybe I 'm wrong , and they do n't exist , although I 'd really like to believe otherwise .
they are dumbing it down , auto mine , auto split , mbs , smart casting , auto surround etc etc .
But that 's not the point , supply drop really would be only useful for bad players , though that 's a pretty large application right there isnt it .
MULE and scan are just better in every way , supply drop can't ever be used in some high level way except for maybe some all in build where this gives you extra supply really fast ... even then im sure a MULE would give you the same thing if you just build a supply depot with the resources you get on top of everything else .
they are dumbing it down , auto mine , auto split , mbs , smart casting , auto surround etc etc .
But that 's not the point , supply drop really would be only useful for bad players , though that 's a pretty large application right there isnt it .
MULE and scan are just better in every way , supply drop can't ever be used in some high level way except for maybe some all in build where this gives you extra supply really fast ... even then im sure a MULE would give you the same thing if you just build a supply depot with the resources you get on top of everything else .
Never attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by stupidity .
Oh goodness me , FOX tv where do you get your sight ?
Ca n't you keep track , the puck is black .
That 's why the ice is white .
RatherGood Profile Joined March 2010 Canada 147 Posts Last Edited : 2010-03-27 04:39:48 # 13 On March 27 2010 13:26 ComradeDover wrote :
I guess it 's because , contrary to popular opinion , I firmly believe that Blizzard is not dumbing down StarCraft in SC2 , and this is making me look for possible high - level applications of Supply Drop .
Maybe I 'm wrong , and they do n't exist , although I 'd really like to believe otherwise .
.
Agreed , and I think you 're on the right track .
Here 's another way to look at it for other people .
Every other ability , unit , and building has a purpose in this game .
Nothing is designed to be a crutch for low level or incompetent players .
Following this logic , why do you automatically assume that Supply Depot is ?
I mean , that may be the case , I 'm certainly not the voice of authority here , but it does n't follow the trend of the game .
I just can't see a team of developers , especially Blizzard , spending half a decade on a game and just deciding that one of the race 's core abilities is for inept or forgetful players when the others are not .
I feel like there 's something more to it too , I just have n't put much thought into yet as I 'm learning all the other mechanics of the game still .
Agreed , and I think you 're on the right track .
Here 's another way to look at it for other people .
Every other ability , unit , and building has a purpose in this game .
Nothing is designed to be a crutch for low level or incompetent players .
Following this logic , why do you automatically assume that Supply Depot is ?
I mean , thatbe the case , I 'm certainly not the voice of authority here , but it does n't follow the trend of the game .
I just can't see a team of developers , especially Blizzard , spending half a decade on a game and just deciding that one of the race 's core abilities is for inept or forgetful players when the others are not .
I feel like there 's something more to it too , I just have n't put much thought into yet as I 'm learning all the other mechanics of the game still .
Orome Profile Blog Joined June 2004 Switzerland 9064 Posts # 14 I 'm sure we 'll find uses for supply drop eventually , but builds will have to get a little more sophisticated first .
Its main advantage over mule is of course that you get the 100 minerals instantly ( or rather , you do n't have to spend the 100 minerals ) which could be extremely important for some tight build orders .
On a purely personal note , I 'd like to show Yellow the beauty of infinitely repeating Starcraft 2 bunkers .
- Boxer
Rice Profile Blog Joined July 2007 United States 1251 Posts Last Edited : 2010-03-27 04:43:59 # 15
The thing is you can't really prepare to be mined out and even if you are mined out there are probably other bases on the map that are n't mined out .
You can't really develop a strategy to bring every single game to 100 % mined out maps .
( If you can by all means go for that ! )
Any games where you are using supply drop instead of MULE that do n't go to the mined out stage , a mule would 've been a better use of energy .( aside from a few scenarios ) Freedom will be defended at the cost of civil liberties .
Funchucks Profile Joined June 2007 Canada 2113 Posts # 16 On March 27 2010 13:10 Annihilator_ wrote :
Do n't you also have to factor in the the minerals your supply depot SCV misses out on when he 's building it ?
Granted its probably like 50 minerals but it 's still something .
MULE and Scan are still better I think and I 'm guessing supply drop is only there for those " oh shit " moments .
Compare :
take SCV off mining
spend 100 minerals up front
start building supply depot
wait 30 seconds ( loss of ~ 50 minerals , possibility of a probe picking off your builder )
increase supply by 8
So there 's a starting cost of 100 , and an ongoing cost of ~50 .
More importantly , you do n't get your supply until 30 seconds
Or :
calldown supplies
increase supply by 8
This does n't pay as much as getting a mule , but it pays off before you use it .
By the time you use it , you 've already had an extra 150 minerals to spend as a result , 100 minerals can be spent 30 seconds before your calldown , and 50 additional minerals are gathered in the time between your decision not to build a supply depot , and the calldown .
The mule does pay off better , giving 240 - 270 minerals , but they come in minutes later .
You 've waited 2 minutes and lost 170 - 220 minerals out of your base 's reserve , to get 70 - 120 more minerals .
The mule is more of a mid-term investment , while the supply calldown is better in both the short term ( faster payoff ) and the long term ( your profit does not come at the expense of mining out sooner ) .
Compare : take SCV off miningspend 100 minerals up frontstart building supply depotwait 30 seconds ( loss of ~50 minerals , possibility of a probe picking off your builder ) increase supply by 8So there 's a starting cost of 100 , and an ongoing cost of ~ 50 .
More importantly , you do n't get your supply until 30 seconds
Or : calldown suppliesincrease supply by 8 This does n't pay as much as getting a mule , but it pays off .
By the time you use it , you 've already had an extra 150 minerals to spend as a result , 100 minerals can be spent 30 seconds before your calldown , and 50 additional minerals are gathered in the time between your decision not to build a supply depot , and the calldown .
The mule does pay off better , giving 240 - 270 minerals , but they come in minutes later .
You 've waited 2 minutes and lost 170 - 220 minerals out of your base 's reserve , to get 70 - 120 more minerals .
The mule is more of a mid-term investment , while the supply calldown is better in both the short term ( faster payoff ) and the long term ( your profit does not come at the expense of mining out sooner ) .
I serve my houseguests slices of butter .
P00RKID Profile Joined December 2009 United States 424 Posts # 17 A good use of a supply drop :
When the enemy targets and kills off some of your supply depots , dropping you into Red supply , it is better to use Supply drop so you do n't have a stall in Unit Production .
Sure , you could use mule , and wait for SCVs to build more supply depots , but if you NEED those units SOONER than LATER , supply drop is your fast fix .
No need in having extra money from the mule if you can't spend it from supply block .
" Does your butt hurt ?
' cause you fell from heaven once the cast was over ? "
Artosis
Flames Profile Blog Joined March 2010 United States 105 Posts # 18
As of now , Supply Drop seems to be useful only when you mess up and are about to be capped on supply .
I 'm sure in the future however , people will start using supply drop to save money for a quick rush tactic .
Save the 100 minerals for a new production building or upgrades .
Mule is great and all , but if the the 300 minerals come over 90 seconds and a quick 100 mineral boost maybe all you need .
Maybe fast tech to banshees ?
=P
Do unto others as you would have others do unto you .
I reject your reality and substitute my own !
Tinithor Profile Joined February 2008 United States 1552 Posts # 19 On March 27 2010 13:37 RatherGood wrote :
Show nested quote +
On March 27 2010 13:26 ComradeDover wrote :
I guess it 's because , contrary to popular opinion , I firmly believe that Blizzard is not dumbing down StarCraft in SC2 , and this is making me look for possible high - level applications of Supply Drop .
Maybe I 'm wrong , and they do n't exist , although I 'd really like to believe otherwise .
.
Agreed , and I think you 're on the right track .
Here 's another way to look at it for other people .
Every other ability , unit , and building has a purpose in this game .
Nothing is designed to be a crutch for low level or incompetent players .
Following this logic , why do you automatically assume that Supply Depot is ?
I mean , that may be the case , I 'm certainly not the voice of authority here , but it does n't follow the trend of the game .
I just can't see a team of developers , especially Blizzard , spending half a decade on a game and just deciding that one of the race 's core abilities is for inept or forgetful players when the others are not .
I feel like there 's something more to it too , I just have n't put much thought into yet as I 'm learning all the other mechanics of the game still .
Agreed , and I think you 're on the right track .
Here 's another way to look at it for other people .
Every other ability , unit , and building has a purpose in this game .
Nothing is designed to be a crutch for low level or incompetent players .
Following this logic , why do you automatically assume that Supply Depot is ?
I mean , thatbe the case , I 'm certainly not the voice of authority here , but it does n't follow the trend of the game .
I just can't see a team of developers , especially Blizzard , spending half a decade on a game and just deciding that one of the race 's core abilities is for inept or forgetful players when the others are not .
I feel like there 's something more to it too , I just have n't put much thought into yet as I 'm learning all the other mechanics of the game still .
Look , if you have any ideas then i'd be glad to listen to them , but really the ONLY time i can see it would be better is when the entire map is mined out or very close to it , and very few games ever reach this stage .
I guess it could also be usefull to like ... recover from supply depot snipes faster ( on your front door or from a drop or whatever ) , but to build a strategy around them does n't help at ALL in the short term ( cause mules will get your more money and stuff faster ) .
Its not good for timing attacks like i said cause the mule gets more units out , perhaps if you INSIST on going all in on one base you could potentially eek out a handful more units by the end , but that just gives the enemy more time to prepare for it and fend you off .
Look , if you have any ideas then i'd be glad to listen to them , but really the ONLY time i can see it would be better is when the entire map is mined out or very close to it , and very few games ever reach this stage .
I guess it could also be usefull to like ... recover from supply depot snipes faster ( on your front door or from a drop or whatever ) , but to build a strategy around them does n't help at ALL in the short term ( cause mules will get your more money and stuff faster ) .
Its not good for timing attacks like i said cause the mule gets more units out , perhaps if you INSIST on going all in on one base you could potentially eek out a handful more units by the end , but that just gives the enemy more time to prepare for it and fend you off .
" Oh - My - GOD " ... " Is many mutas , Yes ? "
Nao Profile Joined October 2008 Poland 164 Posts # 20 I used supply drop several times when i got rushed or dropped on in main and one of my supply depots fell , making me unable to produce units to fend off the attack , it was quite effective .
This extra wave of units can really decide the game sometimes , especialy since depots are often used for wall - in 's and as Dimaga showed recently are quick to fall .
But it only applies in emergency situations .
They could be somewheat viable if it costed 25energy
One cannot out - kwanro Kwanro .
- Trap
1 2 3 4 5 8 9 10 Next All
I have not yet seen " Wonders of the Solar System " , because it has n't aired in America yet .
It 's a BBC astronomy documentary hosted by my friend Brian Cox , and from what I have heard is an extraordinary event .
I can't wait to see it .
Some folks , though , have a different opinion .
Brian , like me , is an outspoken skeptic , and will brook no nonsense .
In one episode of the show , he said , " ... astrology is a load of rubbish . "
This is , of course , completely accurate .
Astrology has no mechanism , no predictability , and no physical way of working .
When tested even using its own standards it fails miserably .
Astrology does n't work , and anyone telling you otherwise is selling something .
Just as obviously , those people who are selling something have taken umbrage at Brian 's impolitic uttering of truth .
They have started a Facebook page where they can get together and reinforce their silliness , make fun of Brian , and grossly misrepresent science .
My favorite bit is this , in the page description :
His careless assertion was unresearched , unsubstantiated and unscientific .
Has he done any empirical studies ?
Has he explored his birth chart ?
Can he cite any scientific studies disproving astrology that are not fundamentally flawed ?
Of course not .
I have certainly never seen him at an astrology conference or read anything written by him about astrology .
Cox is simply not qualified to speak on astrology and his comments amount to no more than prejudice .
Yes .
Brian , a PhD physicist with decades of training in the scientific method , research , analysis , logic , and critical thinking , who has written a book on relativity and works at CERN on the Large Hadron Collider , is not qualified to speak on astrology .
Heh .
By the way , astrologers : in the link above I do cite scientific studies that are not flawed and show astrology to be nonsense , just as they trash flawed studies that support astrology .
I have explored birth charts and found them to be nothing more than tarot cards / Ouija boards / tea leaves / cold reading tools .
I have seen empirical studies , and they all show astrology = nonsense .
And " prejudice " ?
No , it 's not prejudice .
You just assume that because we disagree with you .
But I 've studied astrology , and I conclude that it 's garbage .
That 's not prejudice .
That 's reality .
And do n't forget :
Back in the day , the first thing I learnt about vi was how to get into insert mode .
It was really quite essential , because without knowing how , you could n’t actually type anything .
The secret was in the `i` command .
The i command was what made vi useable , it was the alpha and the omega , vi’s be - all end - all — and whenever the editor would magically exit insert mode , panic would ensue and I ’d frantically press ’ i ’ to go back to insert - land .
I mean , what else would you want to do in a text editor , besides entering text ?
It puzzled me for a long time .
The i key turned this rather archaic and obtuse program into a text - editor which would respond predictably to keystrokes .
I remember being asked from time to time :
So what ’s the deal with vi ? ; I ’d answer in the lines of : Vi ? you have to press `i` to start typing .
Also , try not to press ` Esc` .
But that was then , and this is now .
Today , vi ( vim actually ) is my primary editor .
What I ’d like to show you , is how to stay the hell out of insert mode .
Why stay out ?
Insert mode is vi’s weakest mode .
In this mode , it ’s no better than any other editor , and you may as well be using any other editor .
Vi ’s true power lies in its ‘ Normal mode ’ .
Yes , inserting text is not normal in vi-land .
The more time you spend in Normal mode , the more super - powers you will have .
Trust me , it does n’t get any less normal than Normal mode .
Someone once argued that insert mode was actually vi’s most powerful mode , because it was the only mode in which you could insert text .
He obviously was n’t familiar with :r .
How do you get the frack out ?
Common knowledge states that pressing the Esc key will get you out of insert mode .
This is correct .
This is also not very useful .
If you ’re going to move in and out of insert mode all the time , you ’re going to want it to be as seamless as possible .
There are two other ways to get out of insert mode :
Ctrl -[
and
Ctrl -C
The other alternative , which I have chosen , is to map a key sequence to Esc .
Vi lets you map arbitrary sequences of keys to anything you like .
For instance , you could map jj to Esc .
j is on the home row , so you do n’t need to move your fingers to exit insert mode .
I tried this out for a while , as well as a couple of other alternatives .
In the end , I settled for kj , as it was the fastest to type .
To create this mapping , add this to your .vimrc file :
inoremap kj < Esc >
So what if I actually wanted to write jj or kj ?
For example if I wanted to write a blog post such as this one ?
Well , I ’d just have to wait for the first letter in the sequence to be inserted .
The length of time vi waits for you to complete such a sequence of characters is controlled by the timeoutlen setting , which defaults to 1000 ms .
You can change this as such :
set timeoutlen=200
Another really useful trick is switching to normal mode for a single command .
You can do this with Ctrl - O .
For instance , say you ’re typing away and you want to quickly save your work , you can type Ctrl - O :w , which will write the file and put you back in insert mode .
Learning , the hard way
How do you stop yourself from spending too much time in insert mode ?
Well , you could add these key mappings to your .vimrc :
inoremap < Left > < NOP > inoremap < Right > < NOP > inoremap < Up > < NOP > inoremap < Down > < NOP >
This would make sure you do n’t get your little fingers on the arrow keys , and start navigating ( gasp ) in insert mode .
During your stay
Even though staying out of insert mode is safest , knowing what you can do in this mode can be useful for the duration of your stay .
I know I criticized it a little , but it deserves some recognition for these useful commands :
Ctrl - Y : insert the character right above the cursor — you can see how this can be useful …
: insert the character right above the cursor — you can see how this can be useful …
Ctrl - U : delete the current line from the cursor position .
: delete the current line from the cursor position .
Ctrl - A : re-insert the text inserted in the previous insert session .
Can your microwave oven really measure the speed of light ?
Yes , it can be done .
And since many of the suggested experiments also involve chocolate , it will be done .
Oh yes , it will be done .
Advertisement
First , a brief summary of the facts :
Fact One :
Microwaves are part of the electromagnetic spectrum .
The electromagnetic spectrum includes radio waves , infrared waves , visible light , and ultraviolet , and can best be described as a bunch of things that behave the way visible light does , even though we can't see them , which is a shame , since that would eliminate the need for recreational drugs .
Microwaves move at the same speed that light does .
Advertisement
Fact Two :
Microwave ovens produce microwaves in a special configuration , called a standing wave .
A standing wave .
A standing wave is a wave that so perfectly fits its container that it looks like it looks like it 's standing still .
Most people have created standing waves as children playing with jump ropes .
If you lift and push at just the right times , the jump rope will have one place that moves into peaks and valleys , while staying still at the two ends .
If you put a little more effort into it , you can make the jump rope have two places that form peaks and valleys , and three points where it seems to be holding still .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
This s- like curve is one wave , and the length of it is one wavelength .
( Yes , I know that that 's obvious .
Just bring that up whenever people complain that physics is hard . )
Advertisement
Inside the microwave , the peaks and valleys of a standing wave translate to big time oscillation , and that oscillation cooks the food .
The nodes , or places where the jump rope seems to stand still , translate to no oscillation .
That 's why the microwave tray rotates .
It has to move the food in order to make sure that every part of your frozen dinner is exposed to the places of highest oscillation .
If it just stayed still , the peas would be roughly at the temperature of the center of the sun , and be little green time bombs waiting to nuke your tongue , while the tater tots would be frozen , ready to break your teeth when you bite into it .
Because frozen foods hate us as much as we hate them .
It 's inarguable .
That 's why I put it in the ‘ facts ' section .
Advertisement
Fact three :
The number of waves that blow by a certain point per second is said to be the frequency of the waves .
The frequency , the wavelengths , and the speed of waves have been established as having a set relationship with one another .
Advertisement
( Frequency ) x ( Wavelength ) = Speed
This makes sense both logically and experimentally .
For example , if you were sitting on the side of a one mile loop trail , and a runner ran past you once every ten minutes , you could determine their speed like this :
( 6 loops per hour ) X ( 1 mile per loop ) =
A speed of six miles per hour .
If six full waves cycled past you in one hour , the speed would be the same .
And so , we are armed with all the theoretical knowledge we need .
Into the fray !
Every site I 've been to agrees that you 'll need a metric ruler and a microwave with the product label still attached , but the rotating tray brutally ripped out .
They disagree , however , on the proper experimental material to nuke .
Some sites say you 'll need whipped egg whites on a plate .
Others favor marshmallows in a dish .
I 'm going to recommend you go with the ones that recommend either wide chocolate bars or a layer of chocolate chips over a tray .
Unless you can find chocolate marshmallows .
Advertisement
The brandy snifter is optional .
Whatever sacrificial material you use – put it in the microwave and nuke it .
Keep an eye on it as it cooks , and take it out just as you see spots on it start to melt .
Advertisement
Since the tray is n't moving , it wo n't melt evenly .
Certain points will have begun to bubble and smoke while leaving the rest of the food unharmed and undeservedly smug .
Use the ruler to measure the distance between those two points .
That is half the wavelength of the microwaves that the oven produces .
Advertisement
( Melty - bits shown in red . )
Double that distance , and you 'll have the wavelength of the waves emitted by the microwave .
Advertisement
This is the tough part .
I kept it from you until now because I did n't want you to bail on your education .
The information of label on most microwaves is on the back .
Yes , I know that 's where the spiders and rotting pieces of tuna are , but you have only yourself to blame .
You should have cleaned more regularly .
On the label , there will be information as to what frequency the microwave emits waves at .
After that , it 's simple .
Advertisement
( Frequency ) x ( Wavelength ) = Speed of Light .
And then you get to eat the chocolate .
Via : Orbiting Frog and Superpositioned .
YELLOWKNIFE , NT - APRIL 2010 - High in the Mackenzie Mountains , scientists are finding a treasure trove of ancient hunting tools being revealed as warming temperatures melt patches of ice that have been in place for thousands of years .
Tom Andrews , an archaeologist with the Prince of Wales Northern Heritage Centre in Yellowknife and lead researcher on the International Polar Year Ice Patch Study , is amazed at the implements being discovered by researchers .
" We 're just like children opening Christmas presents .
I kind of pinch myself , " says Andrews .
Ice patches are accumulations of annual snow that , until recently , remained frozen all year .
For millennia , caribou seeking relief from summer heat and insects have made their way to ice patches where they bed down until cooler temperatures prevail .
Hunters noticed caribou were , in effect , marooned on these ice islands and took advantage .
" I 'm never surprised at the brilliance of ancient hunters anymore .
I feel stupid that we did n't find this sooner , " says Andrews .
Ice patch archeology is a recent phenomenon that began in Yukon .
In 1997 , sheep hunters discovered a 4,300 - year - old dart shaft in caribou dung that had become exposed as the ice receded .
Scientists who investigated the site found layers of caribou dung buried between annual deposits of ice .
They also discovered a repository of well - preserved artifacts .
Andrews first became aware of the importance of ice patches when word about the Yukon find started leaking out .
" We began wondering if we had the same phenomenon here . "
In 2000 , he cobbled together funds to buy satellite imagery of specific areas in the Mackenzie Mountains and began to examine ice patches in the region .
Five years later , he had raised enough to support a four - hour helicopter ride to investigate two ice patches .
The trip proved fruitful .
" Low and behold , we found a willow bow . "
That discovery led to a successful application for federal International Polar Year funds which have allowed an interdisciplinary team of researchers to explore eight ice patches for four years .
The results have been extraordinary .
Andrews and his team have found 2400 - year - old spear throwing tools , a 1000 - year - old ground squirrel snare , and bows and arrows dating back 850 years .
Biologists involved in the project are examining dung for plant remains , insect parts , pollen and caribou parasites .
Others are studying DNA evidence to track the lineage and migration patterns of caribou .
Andrews also works closely with the Shutaot'ine or Mountain Dene , drawing on their guiding experience and traditional knowledge .
" The implements are truly amazing .
There are wooden arrows and dart shafts so fine you can't believe someone sat down with a stone and made them . "
Andrews is currently in a race against time .
His IPY funds have run out and he is keenly aware that each summer , the patches continue to melt .
In fact , two of the eight original patches have already disappeared .
" We realize that the ice patches are continuing to melt and we have an ethical obligation to collect these artifacts as they are exposed , " says Andrews .
If left on the ground , exposed artifacts would be trampled by caribou or dissolved by the acidic soils .
" In a year or two the artifacts would be gone . "
###
NOTE : Photos available on request
For media interviews with Tom Andrews :
Tel : 867 873-7688 , Email : tom_andrews@gov.nt.ca
For information on Arctic Science Promotion program :
Ruth Klinkhammer , Director of Communications
Arctic Institute of North America
Tel : 403 220-7294 , Email : r.klinkhammer@ucalgary.ca
This media release is part of the Promotion of Arctic Science , an Arctic Institute of North America project made possible with the generous support of the Government of Canada Program for International Polar Year .
The mission of the Arctic Institute of North America at the University of Calgary is to advance the study of the North American and circumpolar Arctic and to acquire , preserve and disseminate information on physical , environmental and social conditions in the North .
More information can be found at www.arctic.ucalgary.ca
According to Tim Tebow , the best part about being the " NCAA Football 11 " cover athlete is n't seeing his face plastered on the front window of every video game store in the country .
It 's the chance to play his favorite game before anyone else .
" I 've been playing this game since I was 6 , " Tebow told me during his photo shoot .
" But they made so many big changes this year , I needed to find out the secrets before it came out . "
That 's why Tebow made the trip to EA Sports ' Orlando studio , spending half his day posing for pictures , the other half hunkered down in various gameplay producers ' cubicles learning the ins and outs of this year 's groundbreaking title .
The difference ?
Try a brand - new locomotion physics engine that allows players to move and react realistically on the field , including running with momentum and leaning forward to truck defenders .
Best of all , the game finally nails the difference between a player 's speed and acceleration , giving guys with higher acceleration ratings the ability to burst out of their stances at the snap .
But playing games and smiling for cameras was n't all Tebow was up to in Florida .
The quarterback 's other mission was to hunt down " Madden NFL 11 ' " ratings guru Donny Moore .
Tebow wanted to put in a good word for his cyber self in hopes of boosting his stock a few points , especially when it comes to his speed and trucking ability .
And it looks like the face - to - face time with Moore worked to Tebow 's advantage .
" Tebow will be the best trucking quarterback in ' Madden ' this year , " said Moore after the meeting .
" He 's not the most elusive , but in terms of breaking tackles and power , he will be able to put down his shoulder and run over a few defenders .
A lot of this is fluid , but right now in ' Madden 11 , ' we have Tebow at 80 speed and 92 acceleration .
Trucking , carrying the ball , like I said , he 's going to be better than any quarterback coming into the league . "
I had the chance to sit down with Tebow after his grueling day in the gaming spotlight ( the photographer made the poor guy dive toward the camera about a hundred times ) to get his thoughts on working with EA Sports , his new throwing motion , and whether or not his leadership skills will transfer over to an NFL locker room .
As for Tebow 's review of " NCAA Football 11 " ?
" Awesome , " he said with a wide grin after throwing a touchdown on Heisman difficulty .
" The game is so much better than last year , I ca n't even believe it . "
Tebow gets loose for the EA Sports photo shoot .
Jon Robinson / ESPN
Jon Robinson :
Are you a big gamer ?
Tim Tebow : I 've been playing the college football game since I was about 6 years old , and I still really enjoy playing the game .
I do n't play too much during the season , but in the offseason and summer , I definitely like to sit down and enjoy the games .
Jon Robinson :
What was your reaction the first time you saw yourself in a video game ?
Tim Tebow : First thing I thought was , I 'm faster than that .
[ laughs ]
I wanted to call some people and get my speed rating bumped up a little bit .
But it 's fun to be a part of the game .
It 's something that exciting , and it's a little surreal to be honest , because you 're playing as yourself in a game that you grew up playing .
As a kid , I always looked up to these guys who were on the cover of the college game , so it 's a really fun experience for me just to be involved .
Jon Robinson :
What did you think the first time you saw your video game character throw an interception ?
Tim Tebow :
To be honest , I do n't actually play as Florida a lot .
Even the last four years I have n't played as them too often because they 're really good in the game and it's too much of an advantage for whoever is playing as them .
Usually we pick lesser teams .
But the other day I was playing against my brother and he was playing as Florida , and he was trying to scramble around , he was running to his left and threw all the way back down the field to his right like 80 yards .
I was like , " There 's no way I could 've made that pass . "
So sometimes the video games exaggerate a little bit .
But my brother was like , " What , are you doubting yourself ?
You do n't have confidence ? "
It was pretty funny .
Jon Robinson :
Not very many people know this , but video games are also a big part of your charity work .
Can you explain how they use games like " NCAA Football " at hospitals ?
Tim Tebow :
It 's exciting to be with EA Sports because when you look at their brand , it 's very positive .
It 's great for young kids , it 's great for everyone to sit down and play a good video game .
That 's something that 's uplifting and something everyone can have fun with .
We spent the last year building a play room at Shands Hospital in Gainesville , and these games are going to be a big part of it .
These games give these kids who are going through some of the most dramatic things in their lives -- they have brain tumors , they have cancer , they 're going through radiation and chemo -- but these games give these kids the opportunity to get them out of their lives for a few minutes and just dream and have fun and play and put smiles on their faces .
That 's what it 's all about for me .
That 's why I wanted to partner with EA Sports .
It just gives these kids the chance to have fun .
If a sick kid can just get away for a few hours , you have no idea how much that can just brighten his spirits .
That can give them the confidence and the strength to keep fighting whatever they 're going through .
See ?
Tebow can throw , rush and catch .
Jon Robinson / ESPN
Jon Robinson :
As a quarterback , is the game realistic enough to where you can sit back and actually read the defense ?
Tim Tebow :
That 's what I try to do , but then when you 're playing against the gamer gamers , where that 's all they do is play , all they see is like ' The Matrix ' in there .
They 're not playing the same game .
They 're having defensive ends or linebackers making crazy plays that they never would in real life , so that can be frustrating .
But it is realistic enough to where you can look and see , is it one - high , is it two - high , is it man - to - man , is it zone ?
You can get a little bit of a read .
Jon Robinson : Your success on the field at Florida led you to the cover of the video game .
Is there a play you think back on that defines your career ?
Tim Tebow :
Oh man , I think it depends on who you ask .
Some memories and moments stand out more for some people and they 're different from others .
I think people look at the jump pass or maybe the games against FSU .
Jon Robinson :
When I think about your career , two things stick out :
The jump pass and the time you got knocked out .
Tim Tebow :
How does me getting knocked out stand out to you ?
[ laughs ]
Jon Robinson :
To me , that 's what makes football so popular .
On one hand , you have the jump pass , the national championship and all its glory .
On the other , there 's that danger where any play could be your last .
Tim Tebow : I think what makes football so popular goes so much more beyond that .
You 're going to have injuries , danger and glory in every sport .
What makes football unique is that every person on that team needs to count on everybody else .
It 's the ultimate team game and you have to depend on your coaches , you have to depend on your support staff , you have to depend on your teammates .
There 's not many sports where you have to do that .
Think about the big sports .
If you have a great pitcher in baseball , you do n't have to have the best team to win .
In basketball , if you have one great player , you have a chance to win just about any game .
But in football , it does n't matter .
One single great player does n't make anything for a team ; it has to be a team .
I think football is the greatest team sport there is because you have to depend on your brother next to you .
Tebow tests out the virtual goods .
Jon Robinson / ESPN
Jon Robinson : Everyone always describes you as a locker room leader .
How do you see your role evolving in the NFL ?
Is it different leading a bunch of college kids than trying to lead a group of grown men ?
Tim Tebow :
When you go to an NFL locker room , I think the first thing you need to do is earn the players ' respect .
That 's my No. 1 objective , to go in there , work hard , keep my mouth shut , and grind as I try to understand the offense .
I 'm just going to go in there and work hard , work to earn their respect , and then I 'll go from there .
Jon Robinson :
At the combine , the teams always like to ask players a bunch of strange questions , like would you rather be a dog or a cat .
What 's the strangest question somebody asked you at the combine ?
Tim Tebow :
Whether I 'd rather be the quarterback for their team or the governor of Florida .
Jon Robinson :
You can always run for governor after you retire .
Tim Tebow : [ laughs ]
Jon Robinson :
You 've recently adjusted your throwing motion in order to release the ball quicker .
How tough is it for you to change something like that when you 've been throwing the same way since you started playing ?
Tim Tebow :
It was n't like I was totally changing everything .
It 's just making a few adjustments like holding the ball a little higher and making my release a little bit quicker .
Those adjustments take muscle memory , so it 's all about practicing it over and over and over .
You find the drills you need to work on , then you do it every day , over and over and over again until you do it thousands and thousands of time so you create that muscle memory .
That way , when you go out and throw , you go out to practice , you 're not thinking about it .
It 's just muscle memory .
It 's locked in so when you go out there , that 's just how you naturally throw .
Jon Robinson :
Do you think this is something the coaches at Florida should 've worked with you on , helping prepare you more for the NFL ?
Or do you see their job as trying to prepare you for your college season and the NFL is your business ?
Tim Tebow :
The coaches at Florida are great coaches and they did an incredible job with me and the rest of my teammates .
They 're the reason why we had so much success at the University of Florida and they did a great job .
I truly believe that they are the best coaches in college football .
Me moving on , that 's something that I need to work on personally , but that does n't reflect on the coaches at Florida .
Jon Robinson :
So you do n't think they should 've changed your throwing motion ?
Tim Tebow :
They were probably just worried about trying to beat Alabama .
[ laughs ]
Spraying water in Tebow 's face to make him look sweaty .
Jon Robinson / ESPN
Jon Robinson :
Why do you think you 're such a polarizing figure ?
Tim Tebow : I just think I 've been truly blessed to be at the University of Florida and have had a little bit of success .
In today 's society , people look up to football players .
Do n't ask me why ; that 's just how it is right now , so I 've been blessed to have a platform .
And I think that platform is more than just a platform ; it 's a responsibility , an obligation to be a good role model to young kids growing up in today 's society .
I hope people are out there saying positive things about what I 'm doing , but I know that 's not always the case .
I honestly just try to worry about what I can control , and I can't control all of that .
Jon Robinson :
So what 's the best thing about being a video game quarterback as opposed to playing the position in real life ?
Tim Tebow :
You can always find those plays in every game that work for a touchdown or a big gain all the time and no matter what the defense tries , they can't stop you .
Only downfall is sometimes you might cramp up a little on the thumbs .
Why it 's admired
( Previous rank : 2)7.95 Steve
Jobs does it again : Apple is keeping its Most Admired crown for the third year in a row .
With 250 million iPods , 43 million iPhones , and 32 million iPod touches sold to date , plus the promise of a game - changing iPad , Apple won this year 's vote by the highest margin ever for a No. 1 . Two more years as champ and Apple will match GE for most appearances in the top spot .
What makes Apple so admired ?
Product , product , product .
This is the company that changed the way we do everything from buy music to design products to engage with the world around us .
Its track record for innovation and fierce consumer loyalty translates into tremendous respect across business ' highest ranks .
As BMW CEO Norbert Reithofer puts it , " The whole world held its breath before the iPad was announced .
That 's brand management at its very best . " --
Nowadays specialized programming catering to the esoteric pursuits of enthusiasts survives on cable , or sometimes on public broadcasting , and the larger viewing public is fractured , fickle and increasingly likely to satisfy its tastes online .
“ At the Movies , ” dwelling in odd time slots in some markets and moving around in others , had a hard time finding or holding onto a big enough audience .
But even if it had done better in the ratings , a 30 - minute chunk of non-prime - time air was never going to be a very lucrative proposition .
Which was what the Disney corporate statement confirming the cancellation meant when it called the program “ unsustainable , ” a word more commonly used to describe destructive farming or fishing practices .
We were a very small fish or maybe a cash crop planted in dry , degraded soil .
I ’m sorry “ At the Movies ” is over .
I had a good time doing it and wish it could have kept going , but I have no scores to settle , no blame to assign , no might - have - beens to explore .
Maybe if Mr. Phillips and I had agreed less or fought more , we could have replicated the combative , thin - line - between - love - and - hate dynamic that had characterized the Siskel - Ebert partnership .
Maybe if we had stuck closer to the old format , or discarded it entirely , or been better looking , or liked “ The Blind Side ” ...
Image Michael Phillips , left , of The Chicago Tribune , and A. O. Scott of The New York Times .
Credit ...
Disney - ABC Domestic Television
Or maybe not .
As the eulogies for “ At the Movies ” flow into the larger threnody lamenting the death of criticism , it is worth remembering that the program , now inscribed on the honor roll of the dead , was once implicated in the murder .
Movie criticism on television ?
Movie criticism with thumbs ?
You ca n’t be serious !
That was more or less the message of an impassioned , anxious essay by Richard Corliss , published in Film Comment in 1990 ( and reprinted , with characteristically impish generosity , by Roger Ebert in an anthology of his own work ) .
The article was called “ All Thumbs , or , Is There a Future for Film Criticism ? , ” and Mr. Corliss ’s point was that sound bites , video clips and glib quantification threatened to dumb down the critical enterprise and to dilute the impact of thoughtful analysis and good writing .
Twenty years ago , the agent of that decline was a kind of television program  two guys trading opinions on the movies of the week  that now , in its twilight , looks exalted and heroic .
The threat Mr. Corliss identified has migrated to the Internet , where self - credentialed commenters snark and snipe and where the simple binary code of the thumbs - up or thumbs - down voting that Mr. Siskel and Mr. Ebert trademarked has been supplanted by the crunched numbers of the Metacritic score .
483 U.S. 219
107 S.Ct. 2802
97 L.Ed.2d 187
PUERTO RICO , Petitioner ,
v .
Terry E. BRANSTAD et al .
No. 85-2116 .
Syllabus Respondent Ronald Calder , who had been released on bail after being arraigned in a Puerto Rico court on felony charges , was declared a fugitive from justice when he failed to appear at a preliminary hearing .
Believing that Calder had returned to his family 's home in Iowa , Puerto Rico officials notified local authorities in Iowa , and Calder surrendered .
The Governor of Puerto Rico submitted to the Governor of Iowa a request for Calder 's extradition .
After a hearing conducted by the Governor 's counsel , and after unsuccessful negotiations between officials of the two jurisdictions for a reduction of the charges against Calder , Iowa 's Governor denied the extradition request .
Puerto Rico then filed suit in Federal District Court , seeking mandamus relief and a declaration that failure to deliver Calder upon presentation of proper extradition papers violated the Extradition Clause of the Federal Constitution and the Extradition Act .
The court dismissed the complaint on the ground that the action was barred by the holding in Kentucky v. Dennison , 24 How .
66 , 16 L.Ed. 717 , that federal courts have no power to order a Governor to fulfill the State 's obligation under the Extradition Clause to deliver up fugitives from justice .
The Court of Appeals affirmed .
Held : 1 . Dennison 's holding that the federal courts have no authority under the Constitution to compel performance by an asylum State of the mandatory , ministerial duty to deliver up fugitives upon proper demand can stand no longer .
Pp. 224-229 . ( a ) When Dennison was decided in 1861 , the practical power of the Federal Government was at its lowest ebb since the adoption of the Constitution .
Secession of States from the Union was a fact , and civil war was a threatening possibility .
Pp. 224—225 . ( b ) The other proposition for which Dennison stands — that the Extradition Clause 's commands are mandatory and afford no discretion to executive officers of the asylum State — is reaffirmed .
However , the , Dennison holding as to the federal courts ' authority to enforce the Extradition Clause rested on a fundamental premise — that the States and the Federal Government in all circumstances must be viewed as coequal sovereigns — which is not representative of current law .
It has long been a settled principle that federal courts may enjoin unconstitutional action by state officials .
Considered de novo , there is no justification for distinguishing the duty to deliver fugitives from the many other species of constitutional duty enforceable in the federal courts .
Because the duty is directly imposed upon the States by the Constitution itself , there is no need to weigh the performance of the federal obligation against the powers reserved to the States under the Tenth Amendment .
Even assuming , as respondents contend , that there is an " executive common law " of extradition , developed under Dennison , which provides a superior alternative to the " ministerial duty " to extradite provided for by the Constitution , no weight can be accorded to it .
Long continuation of decisional law or administrative practice incompatible with the Constitution 's requirements cannot overcome this Court 's responsibility to enforce those requirements .
Pp. 226-229 . 2 .
It need not be determined what applicability the Extradition Clause , which refers only to " States , " may have to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico , since the Extradition Act clearly applies .
Puerto Rico may predicate its mandamus action on the Act , without regard to the Clause 's direct applicability .
Pp. 229-230. 787 F.2d 423 , reversed .
MARSHALL , J. , delivered the opinion of the Court , in which REHNQUIST , C.J. , and BRENNAN , WHITE , BLACKMUN , and STEVENS , JJ. , joined , in Parts I , II - A , II -C , and III of which POWELL and O'CONNOR , JJ. , joined , and in which SCALIA , J. , joined in part .
O'CONNOR , J. , filed an opinion concurring in part and concurring in the judgment , in which POWELL , J. , joined , post , p. ----.
SCALIA , J. , filed an opinion concurring in part and concurring in the judgment , post , p. ----. Lino J. Saldana , Santurce , P.R. , for petitioner .
Brent R. Appel , Des Moines , Iowa , for respondents .
Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the Court .
1 This case requires that we reconsider the holding of Kentucky v. Dennison , 24 How. 66 , 16 L.Ed. 717 ( 1861 ) , that federal courts have no power to order the Governor of a State to fulfill the State 's obligation under the Extradition Clause of the Constitution , Art. IV , § 2 , to deliver up fugitives from justice .
2 * On January 25 , 1981 , respondent Ronald Calder , then a civilian air traffic controller employed by the Federal Aviation Administration in San Juan , Puerto Rico , struck two people with his automobile .
One of the victims , Antonio de Jesus Gonzalez , was injured ; his wife , Army Villalba , was killed .
Villalba was eight months pregnant ; her unborn child did not survive .
App. 3a .
The incident occurred in the parking lot of a grocery store in Aguadilla , Puerto Rico , after what was apparently an altercation between Calder and de Jesus Gonzalez .
According to two sworn statements taken by police , one from de Jesus Gonzalez and one from a witness to the incident , after striking the couple Calder backed his car two or three times over the prostrate body of Villalba .
App. to Pet. for Cert. A34-A41 .
3 On the basis of these statements , Calder was arrested , charged with homicide , arraigned before a municipal judge , and released on $ 5,000 bail .
On February 4 , 1981 , Calder was arraigned before a District Court of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico , charged with first - degree murder and attempted murder .
Calder failed to appear at a preliminary hearing on March 4 , 1981 , and bail was increased to $ 50,000 .
Despite representations by counsel that Calder would appear at a preliminary hearing on April 13 , 1981 , he did not do so .
At that time Calder was declared a fugitive from justice , and bail was increased to $ 300,000 .
The Puerto Rican police , having reason to believe that Calder had left Puerto Rico and returned to his family 's home in Iowa , notified local authorities in Iowa that Calder was a fugitive wanted in Puerto Rico on murder charges .
On April 24 , 1981 , Calder surrendered to local authorities in Polk County , Iowa , posted the $ 20,000 bond set by an Iowa Magistrate , and was released .
Id. , at A18 - A19 .
4 On May 15 , 1981 , the Governor of Puerto Rico submitted to the Governor of Iowa a request for Calder 's extradition .
The requesting papers included the arrest warrant , the fugitive resolution , the charging documents , and three sworn statements of witnesses , including one in which the affiant identified a photograph of Calder as depicting the driver of the car .
Counsel for Calder requested that the Governor of Iowa hold an extradition hearing , which was conducted by the Governor 's counsel on June 17 , 1981 .
Id. , at A19 .
This hearing was only partially transcribed , but the record does show that one of Calder 's counsel was permitted to testify to his belief that " a white American man . . . could not receive a fair trial in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico , " App. 32a , while Calder himself testified to his understanding that " on numerous occasions " witnesses in Puerto Rican courts had been " bought . "
Id. , at 47a .
5 After the extradition hearing in Iowa , discussions between and among Calder 's counsel , the Governors of Iowa and Puerto Rico , and the prosecutorial authorities in Puerto Rico were held , apparently with a view to negotiating a reduction of the charges lodged against Calder .
These discussions were unavailing , and on December 28 , 1981 , Iowa 's Governor , Robert Ray , formally notified the Governor of Puerto Rico that in the absence of a " change to a more realistic charge , " the request for extradition was denied .
App. to Pet. for Cert. A44 .
A subsequent extradition request made to Governor Ray 's successor in office , respondent Terry Branstad , was also denied .
Id. , at A21 .
6 On February 15 , 1984 , petitioner Commonwealth of Puerto Rico filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Iowa against respondents Governor Branstad and the State of Iowa , seeking a declaration that failure to deliver Calder upon presentation of proper extradition papers violated the Extradition Clause and the Extradition Act , 18 U.S.C. § 3182 ( Act ) .
The complaint further requested the issuance of a writ of mandamus directing respondent Branstad to perform the " ministerial duty " of extradition .
App. 7a -8a . Respondents stipulated before the District Court that the extradition papers fully complied with the requirements of the Act. App. to Pet. for Cert. A20 .
The District Court dismissed the complaint , agreeing with respondents that this Court 's holding in Kentucky v. Dennison , 24 How. 66 , 16 L.Ed. 717 ( 1861 ) , absolutely barred any attempt to invoke federal judicial authority to compel compliance with the Clause or the Act.
Civil No. 84-126-E ( SD Iowa , May 22 , 1985 ) , App. to Pet. for Cert. A10 .
The Court of Appeals " [ r] eluctantly " affirmed .
787 F.2d 423 , 424 ( CA8 1986 ) .
We granted certiorari , 479 U.S. 811 , 107 S.Ct. 60 , 93 L.Ed.2d 19 ( 1986 ) , to consider whether the propositions concerning the limitation of federal judicial power stated in Kentucky v. Dennison in 1861 retain their validity today .
We reverse .
II
A .
7 Kentucky v. Dennison was an action brought under this Court 's original jurisdiction to compel by writ of mandamus the extradition of a fugitive felon .
The grand jury of Woodford County , Kentucky , returned an indictment in October 1859 charging Willis Lago , a " free man of color , " with the crime of assisting the escape of a slave .
24 How. , at 67 .
The defendant was a resident of Ohio , and papers requesting his extradition were served upon William Dennison , the Governor of that State .
Dennison secured an opinion from Ohio's Attorney General , who took the view that the Extradition Clause covered only those acts which were crimes under the law of the asylum State , or which were " regarded as malum in se by the general judgment and conscience of civilized nations . "
Id. , at 69 .
On this basis Dennison refused extradition , and Kentucky brought its mandamus action in this Court .
8 The case was heard in February 1861 , and decided on March 14 .
On that date secession was a fact , and civil war a threatening possibility .
The Representatives of the States of the Deep South had withdrawn from the Congress .
Justice Campbell was reputedly engaged in mediation efforts between the seceding States and the Lincoln administration , but his resignation from the Court and departure from Washington were imminent ; he resigned on April 30 , 1861 .
See 5 C. Swisher , History of the Supreme Court of the United States : The Taney Period 688-689 ( 1974 ) .
It was in these circumstances , with the practical power of the Federal Government at its lowest ebb since the adoption of the Constitution , that Chief Justice Taney delivered the opinion of the Court .
9 The Court firmly rejected the position taken by Dennison and the Governors of other free States that the Extradition Clause required only the delivery of fugitives charged with acts which would be criminal by the law of the asylum State .
" Under such a vague and indefinite construction , " the Court said , " the article would not be a bond of peace and union , but a constant source of controversy and irritating discussion . "
24 How. , at 102 .
Interpreting for the first time the language of the Clause , the Court looked to the fundamental role of the right to request extradition in binding the individual States into a nation :
10 " Looking , therefore , to the words of the Constitution — to the obvious policy and necessity of this provision to preserve harmony between States , and order and law within their respective borders . . .— the conclusion is irresistible , that this compact engrafted in the Constitution included , and was intended to include , every offence made punishable by the law of the State in which it was committed , and that it gives the right to the Executive authority of the State to demand the fugitive from the Executive authority of the State in which he is found ; that the right given to ' demand ' implies that it is an absolute right ; and it follows that there must be a correlative obligation to deliver , without any reference to the character of the crime charged , or to the policy or laws of the State to which the fugitive has fled . "
Id. , at 103 .
11 The Court then turned to the Extradition Act of 1793 , 1 Stat. 302 .
In the procedures for the regulation of extradition established by that Act , the Court found the same absolute right to demand and correlative obligation to deliver .
As to the Governor of the asylum State under the Act , the Court determined that " [t ] he duty which he is to perform is . . . merely ministerial — that is , to cause the party to be arrested , and delivered to the agent or authority of the State where the crime was committed . "
24 How. , at 106 .
But the Court concluded that " the words ' it shall be the duty ' were not used as mandatory and compulsory , but as declaratory of the moral duty " created by the Constitution .
Id. , at 107 .
Such a construction was necessary , in the Court 's view , to avoid constitutional infirmity .
12 " The act does not provide any means to compel the execution of this duty , nor inflict any punishment for neglect or refusal on the part of the Executive of the State ; nor is there any clause or provision in the Constitution which arms the Government of the United States with this power .
Indeed , such a power would place every State under the control and dominion of the General Government , even in the administration of its internal concerns and reserved rights .
And we think it clear , that the Federal Government , under the Constitution , has no power to impose on a State officer , as such , any duty whatever , and compel him to perform it . "
Ibid .
B
13 Thus , for over 125 years , Kentucky v. Dennison has stood for two propositions : first , that the Extradition Clause creates a mandatory duty to deliver up fugitives upon proper demand ; and second , that the federal courts have no authority under the Constitution to compel performance of this ministerial duty of delivery .
As to the first of these conclusions , the passage of time has revealed no occasion for doubt .
The language of the Clause is " clear and explicit . "
Michigan v. Doran , 439 U.S. 282 , 286 , 99 S.Ct. 530 , 534 , 58 L.Ed.2d 521 ( 1978 ) .
Its mandatory language furthers its intended purposes : " to enable each state to bring offenders to trial as swiftly as possible in the state where the alleged offense was committed , " and " to preclude any state from becoming a sanctuary for fugitives from justice of another state . "
Id. , at 287 , 99 S.Ct. , at 534 ; see Biddinger v. Commissioner of Police , 245 U.S. 128 , 132-133 , 38 S.Ct. 41 , 42 , 62 L.Ed. 193 ( 1917 ) ; Appleyard v. Massachusetts , 203 U.S. 222 , 227 , 27 S.Ct. 122 , 123 , 51 L.Ed. 161 ( 1906 ) .
The Framers of the Constitution perceived that the frustration of these objectives would create a serious impediment to national unity , and the Extradition Clause responds to that perception .
" It would have been far better to omit it altogether , and to have left it to the comity of the States , and their own sense of their respective interests , than to have inserted it as conferring a right , and yet defining that right so loosely as to make it a never - failing subject of dispute and ill - will . "
Kentucky v. Dennison , 24 How. , at 102 .
We reaffirm the conclusion that the commands of the Extradition Clause are mandatory , and afford no discretion to the executive officers or courts of the asylum State .
See California v. Superior Court of California , 482 U.S. 400 , 405-406 , 107 S.Ct. 2433 , 2437 , 96 L.Ed.2d 332 ( 1987 ) .
14 The second , and dispositive , holding of Kentucky v. Dennison rests upon a foundation with which time and the currents of constitutional change have dealt much less favorably .
If it seemed clear to the Court in 1861 , facing the looming shadow of a Civil War , that " the Federal Government , under the Constitution , has no power to impose on a State officer , as such , any duty whatever , and compel him to perform it , " 24 How. , at 107 , basic constitutional principles now point as clearly the other way .
Within 15 years of the decision in Dennison it was said that " when a plain official duty , requiring no exercise of discretion , is to be performed , and performance is refused , any person who will sustain personal injury by such refusal may have a mandamus to compel its performance , " and it was no objection that such an order might be sought in the federal courts against a state officer .
Board of Liquidation v. McComb , 92 U.S. ( 2 Otto ) 531 , 541 , 23 L.Ed. 623 ( 1876 ) .
It has long been a settled principle that federal courts may enjoin unconstitutional action by state officials .
See Ex parte Young , 209 U.S. 123 , 155-156 , 28 S.Ct. 441 , 452 , 52 L.Ed. 714 ( 1908 ) .
It would be superfluous to restate all the occasions on which this Court has imposed upon state officials a duty to obey the requirements of the Constitution , or compelled the performance of such duties ; it may suffice to refer to Brown v. Board of Education , 349 U.S. 294 , 75 S.Ct. 753 , 99 L.Ed. 1083 ( 1955 ) , and Cooper v. Aaron , 358 U.S. 1 , 78 S.Ct. 1401 , 3 L.Ed.2d 5 ( 1958 ) .
The fundamental premise of the holding in Dennison — " that the States and the Federal Government in all circumstances must be viewed as coequal sovereigns — is not representative of the law today . "
FERC v. Mississippi , 456 U.S. 742 , 761 , 102 S.Ct. 2126 , 2138 , 72 L.Ed.2d 532 ( 1982 ) .
15 Yet , with respect to extradition , the law has remained as it was more than a century ago .
Considered de novo , there is no justification for distinguishing the duty to deliver fugitives from the many other species of constitutional duty enforceable in the federal courts .
Indeed the nature of the obligation here is such as to avoid many of the problems with which federal courts must cope in other circumstances .
That this is a ministerial duty precludes conflict with essentially discretionary elements of state governance , and eliminates the need for continuing federal supervision of state functions .
The explicit and long - settled nature of the command , contained in a constitutional provision and a statute substantially unchanged for 200 years , eliminates the possibility that state officers will be subjected to inconsistent direction .
Because the duty is directly imposed upon the States by the Constitution itself , there can be no need to weigh the performance of the federal obligation against the powers reserved to the States under the Tenth Amendment .
16 Respondents contend , however , that an " executive common law " of extradition has developed through the efforts of Governors to employ the discretion accorded them under Dennison , and that this " common law " provides a superior alternative to the " ministerial duty " to extradite provided for by the Constitution .
Tr. of Oral Arg. 21 .
Even assuming the existence of this tradition of " executive common law , " no weight can be accorded to it .
Long continuation of decisional law or administrative practice incompatible with the requirements of the Constitution cannot overcome our responsibility to enforce those requirements .
See , e.g. , Brown v. Board of Education , 347 U.S. 483 , 74 S.Ct. 686 , 98 L.Ed. 873 ( 1954 ) ; Green v. New Kent County School Board , 391 U.S. 430 , 88 S.Ct. 1689 , 20 L.Ed.2d 716 ( 1968 ) .
Though not articulated in these terms , respondents ' argument is in essence a request that we reconsider our construction of the Extradition Clause to establish as a matter of constitutional interpretation a discretion which has hitherto been exercised solely because the Constitution 's explicit command has gone unenforced .
This , for the reasons previously stated , we decline to do .
C
17 Respondents further contend that even if the holding in Kentucky v. Dennison cannot withstand contemporary scrutiny , petitioner would not profit from its demise because Puerto Rico is not a State , and has no right to demand rendition of fugitives under the Extradition Clause .
It is true that the words of the Clause apply only to " States , " and we have never held that the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico is entitled to all the benefits conferred upon the States under the Constitution .
We need not decide today what applicability the Extradition Clause may have to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico , however , for the Extradition Act clearly applies .
The Act requires rendition of fugitives at the request of a demanding " Territory , " as well as State .
It was decided long ago that Puerto Rico , as a Territory of the United States , could invoke the Act to reclaim fugitives from its justice , see New York ex rel .
Kopel v. Bingham , 211 U.S. 468 , 29 S.Ct. 190 , 53 L.Ed. 286 ( 1909 ) , and respondents do not challenge the correctness of that holding .
The subsequent change to Commonwealth status through legislation , see 64 Stat. 319 , 48 U.S.C. §§ 731b-731d , did not remove from the Government of the Commonwealth any power to demand extradition which it had possessed as a Territory , for the intention of that legislation was " to accord to Puerto Rico the degree of autonomy and independence normally associated with States of the Union . "
Examining Board of Engineers , Architects and Surveyors v. Flores de Otero , 426 U.S. 572 , 594 , 96 S.Ct. 2264 , 2277 , 49 L.Ed.2d 65 ( 1976 ) .
Since the Act applies to Puerto Rico , the Commonwealth may invoke the power of federal courts to enforce against state officers rights created by federal statutes , including equitable relief to compel performance of federal statutory duties .
See Maine v. Thiboutot , 448 U.S. 1 , 100 S.Ct. 2502 , 65 L.Ed.2d 555 ( 1980 ) .
Accordingly , Puerto Rico may predicate its mandamus action on the Act , without regard to the direct applicability of the Extradition Clause .
III
18 Kentucky v. Dennison is the product of another time .
The conception of the relation between the States and the Federal Government there announced is fundamentally incompatible with more than a century of constitutional development .
Yet this decision has stood while the world of which it was a part has passed away .
We conclude that it may stand no longer .
The decision of the Court of Appeals is
19 Reversed .
20 Justice O'CONNOR , with whom Justice POWELL joins , concurring in part and concurring in the judgment .
22 Justice SCALIA , concurring in part and concurring in the judgment .
Forestry officials in Pursat province have been arrested after being accused of involvement in illegal logging , authorities said , in what appears to be a continuation of a recent effort to crack down on the illicit practice .
The three officials were arrested last week on suspicion of being involved in the transportation of logs into Koh Kong province from neighbouring Pursat , a provincial government official in Koh Kong told the Post .
The official , who asked not to be named because he is not permitted to speak to the media , said authorities arrested the head of a district Forestry Administration office and an associate Saturday , as well as another official last Monday .
Military police spokesman Kheng Kito would only confirm that two Pursat forestry officials had been arrested for alleged involvement in illegal logging .
Contacted by the Post on Sunday , Koh Kong provincial court prosecutor Top Chhun Heng , who is handling the case , declined to comment .
The arrests come after Prime Minister Hun Sen warned military commanders in January that he would no longer tolerate illegal logging committed by high - ranking officials .
Since then , authorities have publicised seizures of illegal wood throughout the Kingdom .
Last Thursday , four forestry officials in Kampong Cham province were questioned by the provincial court after they were accused of illegal logging as well , according to Vong Sam Ath , a Memot district council member .
Officials prosecuted in previous crackdowns have not always been punished .
In 2006 , former Ratanakkiri provincial governor Kham Khoeun was sentenced to 17 years in prison after being convicted of involvement in an illegal logging ring , but officials have said they believe he is currently living in Laos .
And though six other officials were convicted in the same case , only one is behind bars , according to Adhoc .
Source : Illegal Logging
The Penn State climate professor who has silently endured investigations , hostile questioning , legislative probes and attacks by colleagues has finally spoken out .
He says he 'll sue the makers of a satirical video that 's a hit on You Tube .
Their response : Bring it on .
Michael Mann , one of the central figures in the recent climate - data scandal , is best known for his " hockey stick graph , " which was the key visual aid in explaining how the world is warming at an alarming rate and in connecting the rise to the increase in use of carbon fuels in this century .
E-mails stolen from a university in England were released online , revealing exchanges between climatologists and a reference to a " trick " that Mann had used to get the graph to portray what global warming scientists wanted to see .
The parody video , titled " Hide the Decline , " had more than 500,000 viewers on YouTube and received national attention when Rush Limbaugh played it on his radio show .
It features a cat with a guitar , a talking tree , and a dancing figure sporting the image of Professor Mann .
It 's the use of his image that Mann is complaining about , arguing that the video supports " efforts to sell various products and merchandise . "
" The guy is crazy to threaten legal action , " said Jeff Davis , the President of No Cap and Trade , a large organization that includes the group Mann is threatening to sue , Minnesotans for Global Warming .
" A lawsuit would give us full discovery -- and there 's a lot to look at in his work . "
The revelations of the leaked e-mails brought into question the methodology used to prove the Earth is getting hotter , and the phrase " hide the decline " became a catchphrase for questioning a human role in global warming .
Mann faced investigations both by Penn State and in England .
While both found his work acceptable , critics have nevertheless charged that the probes were superficial and have prevented a closer analysis of the science upon which his view of global warming is based .
In his letter Mann threatened legal action , claiming the spoof video " illegally used his image and defamed him . "
Neither Mann nor Penn State responded to requests for comments .
Mann 's lawyer , Peter J. Fontaine of the Washington D.C. law firm of Cozen O'Connor , told FoxNews.com " we do n't comment on any pending legal matters for clients . "
Davis and No Cap and Trade said they welcome the lawsuit .
The group is eager to conduct an in - depth probe of Mann 's work and " finally look at how it was done .
We understand why Michael Mann is eager to silence public discussion of the hockey stick scandal , but truth is an absolute defense . "
According to Davis , the video was created in the wood - warmed RV that is the " world headquarters " for Minnesotans for Global Warming and its three members , who jokingly think that Minnesota could use a little more heat .
When the letter first arrived , they quickly pulled the video from You Tube and their website because they could n't afford to defend against a lawsuit .
But , as word spread of the legal threat to the jokesters , a number of groups , including No Cap and Trade , rallied to their defense .
They even backed a newer version of the video titled " Hide the Decline II " and re-posted on You Tube and the No Cap and Trade site .
" It is hard to believe in global warming when you live in Minnesota .
During last winter we all wished we had some global warming , " Elmer Beauregard , a nom de plume of one of the members of the group , said at a press conference announcing the new video on Tuesday .
Torture is wrong because …
The holding of prisoners of conscience is wrong because …
The oppression of women is wrong because …
If you finish these sentences with anything other than ... because it violates universal human rights , you leave yourself wide open to attack by your opponents .
Although I am sure that Britain is a happier country than Saudi Arabia and that a sensible person would rather live in France than Cuba , the case for basing societies on liberties is not a utilitarian one .
Listen to the current debate on rights , however , and you will find that virtually everyone involved pretends that we can enjoy them without paying a price ; that a cost - benefit analysis will always show gain without pain .
On the face of it , the Court of Appeal upheld universal human rights when it decided to release a summary of US intelligence that showed American interrogators had shackled Binyam Mohamed , a suspected supporter of the Taliban , and subjected him to sleep deprivation .
But a closer examination shows that the judges did not say that Mohamed was entitled to evidence that supported his allegation that MI5 was complicit in his mistreatment , regardless of the consequences for the relationship between the British and US intelligence services .
Instead , they comforted themselves with the Pollyannaish notion that there could be no bad consequences for the espionage agencies .
David Miliband warned them that intelligence sharing between the two countries would suffer if they ordered the publication of information given in confidence by an ally .
The Master of the Rolls , Lord Neuberger , pooh - poohed his concerns .
Because an American judge had already released details of the Mohamed case , he found it " impossible to believe that the US government would object to the publication " by the English courts .
No sooner had he ruled than a " deeply disappointed " Obama White House objected most forcibly .
" As we warned , the court 's judgment will complicate the confidentiality of our intelligence - ­sharing relationship with the UK , and it will have to factor into our decision - making going forward . "
Fiat justitia ruat caelum – " let justice come though the heavens fall " – but many will tolerate justice only if it leaves the heavens undisturbed .
According to the Mohamed judgment , a man 's right to obtain evidence that he has been tortured depends on whether the judges think that it may harm the intelligence services .
If the Court of Appeal has got it wrong , and it seems to have got it very wrong , then the policy could change .
The judges are not alone in their desire for an easy life .
Most of today 's assumptions about human rights in wartime rest on the dangerous belief that they entail no risks .
Writers on torture insist that it " does not work " , as if the argument against torture depended on its efficacy , and as if the case for torture could be made if a torturer proved in an experiment on unwilling victims that it could be remarkably persuasive .
Jonathan Evans , the head of MI5 , added a further complication when he said that the Mohamed ruling provided a propaganda victory for our enemies .
And I am sure he was right .
Press TV and the other propaganda organs of the Iranian and jihadi causes will not be balancing tales of Mohamed 's torture with glowing descriptions of how kind Britain was to allow the Ethiopian to live here , even though he had lost his claim to be a refugee .
If you want to be an accountant , you must take Evans 's concern seriously , and put the effect that decisions in human rights cases have on boosting the enemy 's morale in wartime into a profit - and - loss register .
But therein lies the problem .
Most of the British do not behave as if they are at war .
Every third - rate political pundit has ruled that we cannot say that we are in a " war on terror " .
Meanwhile , politicians will not allow us to say that we are in a " war against radical Islam " because they have to pretend that religion does not motivate religious extremists .
Few argue , because although Jihadists have slaughtered tens of thousands , the dead are buried in Afghanistan , Iraq and Pakistan .
The only British civilian casualties died in the 7/7 bombings , almost five years ago .
Only the atmosphere of phoney war can explain how Amnesty International , once the most principled defenders of human rights , has shown the truth of Robert Conquest 's maxim that " the behaviour of any bureaucratic organisation can best be understood by assuming that it is controlled by a cabal of its enemies " .
All it had to do in the case of Guantánamo Bay was stick to the idea that suspects should not be held without trial and without the protections of the Geneva Convention .
Instead , it collaborated with former Guantánamo inmate Moazzam Begg , whose Cageprisoners organisation promotes the supporters of ultra-reactionary ideals .
More disgracefully , when Gita Sahgal , head of Amnesty 's gender unit , and one of the most principled feminist writers I have read , complained that her employers were treating " Britain 's most famous supporter of the Taliban " as a " human rights defender " , Amnesty suspended the feminist and stuck by the Islamist .
Assuming that the far left has not taken control of Amnesty , and that may be a generous assumption , its managers must believe at some level that messianic religion is not a threat to the liberal values of feminism , anti-racism and freedom from tyranny they think they hold .
To put it another way , Amnesty is living in the make - believe world of a phoney war , where it thinks that liberals are free to form alliances with defenders of clerical fascists who want to do everything in their power to suppress liberals , most notably liberal - minded Muslims .
I worry about what will happen when they realise that promoting human rights is n't a one - way bet , and that the Islamists they embrace are n't nice metrosexuals who support women 's rights and want an end to bigotry .
I hope that they and the judges will return to where they were before and remember that promoting human rights is a hard and often thankless task that has to be done regardless of the consequences .
But there are no guarantees .
They could equally become so disillusioned that they give up , and in a time of liberal betrayal that would be the greatest betrayal of all .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Consumer advocates filed a class- action suit against Anthem Blue Cross on Monday , accusing California ’s largest for - profit health insurer of illegally using drastic rate hikes to force customers into inferior health plans .
The suit comes two days before top executives from several major U.S. health insurers , including Anthem ’s parent company , WellPoint Inc. , were to meet in Washington with Obama administration officials to discuss escalating premiums .
Anthem ’s plan to boost its individual premiums by as much as 39 percent has spawned inquiries by state regulators and congressional committees .
The White House and Democrats on Capitol Hill also have seized on Anthem ’s proposed rate hikes in seeking to bolster support for a renewed drive to overhaul the nation ’s health care system .
The lawsuit in California claims
Anthem violated state law by closing certain blocks of its individual health plans to new members without offering comparable coverage to policyholders who opted to remain .
Over time , the pool of older , sicker customers who choose to stay end up trapped in the closed policies , prevented by pre-existing medical conditions from finding affordable plans elsewhere and subjected to rising rates until finally forced to accept lesser insurance or to drop coverage altogether .
If they do switch , it is often to plans with fewer benefits , higher deductibles or both , the suit says .
‘ GUN TO OUR HEADS ’
“ Blue Cross has a gun to our heads , ” Mary Feller of San Rafael , Calif. , one of the named plaintiffs in the suit filed in Ventura County Superior Court by the advocacy group Consumer Watchdog on behalf of policyholders .
“ We could either stay with our old coverage or switch to a new policy with much lower benefits .
What Blue Cross did not tell us was that staying with our better policy would mean a 39 percent rate increase , ” Feller said in a statement announcing the class - action complaint .
There was no immediate comment from the insurance company , or from the state Department of Managed Health Care , which regulates Anthem Blue Cross policies .
But industry executives have said climbing premiums reflect soaring medical costs .
Since 1993 California law has required insurers to protect individual policyholders from being caught in circumstances the industry refers to as a “ death spiral , ” the suit says .
Insurers must either offer customers of closed plans a comparable alternative or pool the risk of those individuals with customers in policies that remain open in order to minimize their premium hikes , the suit says .
About 800,000 Californians hold health insurance policies with Anthem Blue Cross , accounting for the biggest share of some 2 million people with individual coverage in the state , said Jerry Flanagan , health care policy director for Consumer Watchdog .
By comparison , health maintenance organizations ( HMOs ) make up the bulk of California health plans , covering some 21 million patients .
But individual policies are often the only option for those who are self - employed or do not receive health care coverage through their jobs .
The lawsuit , Feller and Freed vs. Anthem Blue Cross , Case No. 56-2010-00368587-CU - BT -SIM , seeks unspecified restitution for the plaintiffs and a court order barring future alleged violations of the state health and safety code .
Four women I know — none of whom know one another — are building chicken coops in their backyards .
It goes without saying that they already raise organic produce : my town , Berkeley , Calif. , is the Vatican of locavorism , the high church of Alice Waters .
Kitchen gardens are as much a given here as indoor plumbing .
But chickens ?
That ups the ante .
Apparently it is no longer enough to know the name of the farm your eggs came from ; now you need to know the name of the actual bird .
All of these gals — these chicks with chicks — are stay - at - home moms , highly educated women who left the work force to care for kith and kin .
I do n’t think that ’s a coincidence : the omnivore ’s dilemma has provided an unexpected out from the feminist predicament , a way for women to embrace homemaking without becoming Betty Draper .
“ Prior to this , I felt like my choices were either to break the glass ceiling or to accept the gilded cage , ” says Shannon Hayes , a grass - fed - livestock farmer in upstate New York and author of “ Radical Homemakers , ” a manifesto for “ tomato - canning feminists , ” which was published last month .
Image Credit ...
Data source : The National Gardening Association .
Hayes pointed out that the original “ problem that had no name ” was as much spiritual as economic : a malaise that overtook middle - class housewives trapped in a life of schlepping and shopping .
A generation and many lawsuits later , some women found meaning and power through paid employment .
Others merely found a new source of alienation .
What to do ?
The wages of housewifery had not changed — an increased risk of depression , a niggling purposelessness , economic dependence on your husband — only now , bearing them was considered a “ choice ” : if you felt stuck , it was your own fault .
What ’s more , though today ’s soccer moms may argue , quite rightly , that caretaking is undervalued in a society that measures success by a paycheck , their role is made possible by the size of their husband ’s .
In that way , they ’ve been more of a pendulum swing than true game changers .
New York - The Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) and other nonprofit groups asked a federal judge Monday to reject expansive copyright claims made in lawsuits pending against YouTube .
The amicus brief argues that the plaintiffs in those lawsuits are pushing for legal rulings that would undermine federal law and throttle free speech and innovation on the Internet .
Viacom and a variety of class action plaintiffs are suing YouTube , claiming that the online video service is liable for copyright infringements committed by its users .
YouTube has responded by arguing that its activities are shielded by the " safe harbor " provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) , which give legal protections to online service providers that host content on behalf of users .
Despite the DMCA , the plaintiffs have claimed that YouTube should be held responsible for infringements that occurred before May 2008 , when the site voluntarily implemented content filtering technologies .
In effect , the plaintiffs have urged the court to make content filtering mandatory for all online service providers that host content on behalf of users .
In the amicus brief filed Monday , EFF -- joined by the American Library Association , Association of College and Research Libraries , Association of Research Libraries , Center For Democracy and Technology , Computer and Communications Industry Association , Home Recording Rights Coalition , Internet Archive , NetCoalition , and Public Knowledge -- argues that Viacom 's theory would rewrite federal law and thwart Congress ' goal of reducing the legal uncertainties facing companies trying to innovate on the Internet .
" This case is not just about YouTube , " said EFF Senior Staff Attorney Fred von Lohmann .
" Nearly every online service that fosters free expression and commerce online -- like the Internet Archive , Blogger , Facebook , eBay , Amazon , Flickr , and Scribd -- depends on the very same DMCA safe harbors that YouTube is relying on here .
Viacom is trying to undo the law that Congress designed to provide a modicum of legal certainty for those who build these innovative online services . "
The cases against YouTube are pending in federal court in the Southern District of New York .
Additional briefs will be filed by the parties on April 30 and June 4 .
A hearing and decision will follow .
For the full amicus brief :
http://www.eff.org/files/filenode/viacom_v_youtube/YouTubeAmicusBriefFINAL.pdf
For more on this case :
http://www.eff.org/cases/viacom-v-youtube
Contact :
Fred von Lohmann
Senior Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
fred@eff.org
Let 's have fun !
Pitfalls and Penguins is a game where you and your friends will use your imagination to tell a story together .
Like many pen and paper role - playing games , the core of Pitfalls and Penguins is a book that explains all the rules , lists the funny playable classes and species , and has plenty of hilarious comics and illustrations that help you and your friends immerse yourselves in a goofy fantasy world with exotic cities like Topeka and Detroit .
Pitfalls and Penguins is optimized for fun rather than simulation , and several core mechanics of the game veer hilariously away from the Open Gaming Licensed SRD content we ’ve built upon .
When I first heard the story about James Murdoch and Rebekah Brooks arriving uninvited on the Independent 's news floor launching a vigorous and allegedly uninhibited verbal assault on editor - in - chief Simon Kelner , frankly I found it scarcely believable .
Can you imagine ?
All that shouting and bawling from two of News Corporation 's most senior executives ?
In front of witnesses ?
Surely not .
And why ?
Because they were upset about some Murdoch references in the adverts accompanying the Indy 's current relaunch ?
Hardly seems likely does it ?
Well maybe , but continuing in the vein of " scarcely believable " , try this .
As Michael Wolff – Vanity Fair writer and Murdoch biographer – wrote yesterday , there are good reasons why Murdoch 's senior UK management might be starting to feel the strain .
It is claimed they spent many months – and presumably much of their personal corporate political capital – persuading Murdoch senior , against his own better judgment , to switch sides and back David Cameron .
Events of the last week , unexpected as they were , have made it entirely possible that Cameron will not be Britain 's next prime minister .
For the Murdoch empire ( as David Yelland wrote on Monday ) this would be the first time in decades they'd be without a direct and sympathetic line to No 10 .
And it 's not the first time it 's happened either .
Murdoch senior was reportedly persuaded by two very senior US executives , again , against his better judgment to back McCain rather than Obama for president .
The result of that election has left Murdoch dangerously short of the kind of political influence he 's used to in a media marketplace where there is so much to play for in regulatory and legislative terms .
And if Cameron fails to win in the UK , Murdoch and News Corp will have done the double – and not in a good way .
Now , if this is bad for News Corp it 's unimaginably terrible for the senior executives who having apparently so misread the public mood then persuaded the boss to make the wrong call .
And indeed , following the McCain fiasco it was one of those executives – Fox News chief Roger Ailes – who found himself on the wrong end of a remarkably personal public attack .
The Murdoch family were said to be " ashamed and sickened ... " by Ailes ' " horrendous and sustained disregard of the journalistic standards that News Corp , its founder and every other global media business aspires to " .
The message was clear – Ailes was not the sort of man to be running such an important part of News Corp .
And who delivered it ?
Step forward Matthew Freud – husband of Elizabeth Murdoch and son - in - law of you know who .
And what has that got to do with events closer to home ?
Well , who introduced Simon Kelner to the Indy 's new Russian owners and is deeply involved in the paper 's relaunch campaign ( which has included those anti-Murdoch posters and TV adverts ) ?
None other than the very same Matthew Freud .
So maybe it 's knowing it came from him , from inside the family so to speak , that made the Indy 's adverts saying " Rupert Murdoch will not decide the outcome of the election – you will " just so annoying .
Of course it might also be a rather direct if unwelcome reminder – especially to the very senior executives who will surely get the blame – that News Corp might well have backed the wrong electoral horse .
And that might be seen to have some potential impact on the biggest question of all : who will succeed Rupert Murdoch at the top of the world 's most successful media business ?
As I said , scarcely believable .
PS .
Check out this morning 's free Independent wrap - around cover – " Lebedev wo n't decide this election … "
Hard to believe he was part of the Indy campaign before the Wednesday newsrooom visit .
• More Guardian election comment from Cif at the polls
• More election media coverage at mediatheguardian.com
It is an " increasingly remote possibility " that human activity is not the main cause of climate change , according to a major Met Office review of more than 100 scientific studies that track the observed changes in the Earth 's climate system .
The research will strengthen the case for human - induced climate change against sceptics who argue that the observed changes in the Earth 's climate can largely be explained by natural variability .
Climate scientists and the UN's climate body , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , have come under intense pressure in recent months after the IPCC was forced to admit it had made two errors in its fourth assessment report published in 2007 .
Emails hacked from climate scientists at the University of East Anglia in November have also sparked a series of inquiries into allegations of a lack of transparency by researchers and manipulation of the peer review process .
Asked whether his study was specifically scheduled as a fightback , Peter Stott , who led the review , said that the paper was originally drafted a year ago .
But he added : " I hope people will look at that evidence and make up their minds informed by the scientific evidence . "
Scientists matched computer models of different possible causes of climate change - both human and natural - to measured changes in factors such as air and sea temperature , Arctic sea ice cover and global rainfall patterns .
This technique , called " optimal detection " , showed clear fingerprints of human - induced global warming , according to Stott .
" This wealth of evidence shows that there is an increasingly remote possibility that climate change is being dominated by natural factors rather than human factors . "
The paper reviewed numerous studies that were published since the last IPCC report .
Optimal detection considers to what extent an observation can be explained by natural variability , such as changing output from the sun , volcanic eruptions or El Niño , and how much can be explained by the well - established increases in carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere .
According to Nasa , the last decade was the warmest on record and 2009 the second warmest year .
Temperatures have risen by 0.2C per decade , over the past 30 years and average global temperatures have increased by 0.8C since 1880 .
The evidence that the climate system is changing goes beyond measured air temperatures , with much of the newest evidence coming from the oceans .
" Over 80 % of the heat that 's trapped in the climate system as a result of the greenhouse gases is exported into the ocean and we can see that happening , " said Stott .
" Another feature is that salinity is changing - as the atmosphere is warming up , there is more evaporation from the surface of the ocean [ so making it more salty ] , which is most noticeable in the sub- tropical Atlantic . "
This also links into changes in the global water cycle and rainfall patterns .
As the atmosphere warms , it has been getting more humid , exactly as climate modellers had predicted .
" This clear fingerprint has been seen in two independent datasets .
One developed in the Met Office Hadley Centre , corroborated with data from satellites . "
Arctic sea ice is also retreating - the summer minimum of sea ice is declining at a rate of 600,000 km² per decade , an area approximately the size of Madagascar .
Again , decreasing sea ice is predicted by climate models .
Rainfall is also on the rise in the higher latitudes of the northern hemisphere and large swaths of the southern hemisphere , while in the tropics and sub- tropics , there are decreases .
" The already - wet regions are getting wetter and the dry regions are getting drier , " said Stott .
" We now have studies that can identify this fingerprint in the observational data . "
The review , published in Wiley Interdisciplinary Reviews : Climate Change , found that the natural causes of climate variation , including changing energy output from the sun and volcanic eruptions , could not explain the observed changes by themselves .
" There has n't been an increase in solar output for the last 50 years and solar output would not have caused cooling of the higher atmosphere and the warming of the lower atmosphere that we have seen , " said Stott .
If the observed climate change was entirely due to solar activity , the Earth 's atmosphere would have warmed more evenly - both the troposphere and stratosphere would have been affected .
Warming due to the Sun would also have meant temperatures should have increases more quickly early than late in the 20th century , which is the reverse of what was actually measured .
The review is published as scientists also report a rise in methane emissions from a section of the Arctic Ocean sea floor .
That study , published today in the journal Science , shows that the permafrost under the East Siberian Arctic shelf , once considered an safe store of methane , is leaking large amounts of the gas into the atmosphere .
Release of even a fraction of the methane stored in the shelf could trigger abrupt climate warming as this is a greenhouse gase around 30 times more potent than CO2 .
" The amount of methane currently coming out of the East Siberian Arctic shelf is comparable to the amount coming out of the entire world 's oceans .
Sub -sea permafrost is losing its ability to be an impermeable cap , " said Natalia Shakhova , a researcher at the University of Alaska Fairbanks 's International Arctic Research Centre .
" The release to the atmosphere of only one percent of the methane assumed to be stored in shallow hydrate deposits might alter the current atmospheric burden of methane up to three to four times .
The climatic consequences of this are hard to predict . "
Courtesy BikePortland via FlickrTwo weeks ago , Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood climbed on a table and told a group of bike advocates that federal transportation planners were finished raising the almighty auto above cyclists and walkers .
“ I ’ve been all over America , and where I ’ve been in America I ’ve been very proud to talk about the fact that people do want alternatives , ” he said ( video below ) .
“ They want out of their cars , they want out of congestion , they want to live in livable neighborhoods and livable communities …
You ’ve got a partner in Ray LaHood . ”
He followed up on his blog : “ Today , I want to announce a sea change .
People across America who value bicycling should have a voice when it comes to transportation planning .
This is the end of favoring motorized transportation at the expense of non-motorized . ”
This is great stuff , particularly from a 65 - year - old Republican from downstate Illinois who was never expected to be one of the Obama cabinet stars .
Progressive transportation advocates were clearly underwhelmed when Obama chose him .
But when I watched him announce a new Smart Growth partnership with top EPA and HUD officials in Seattle last month , he fit right in with the sustainable - urbanism types there .
Seemed to be making friends .
And now he ’s making enemies .
A National Association of Manufacturers ( NAM ) advisor , speaking for grownup business people everywhere , bashed the new policy : “ Treating bicycles and other non-motorized transportation as equal to motorized transportation would cause an economic catastrophe . ”
Rep. Steven LaTourette ( R - Ohio ) complained that a bike lane never created a job .
Matthew DeBord at The Big Money , in a cynical take on the tabletop speech , essentially said the hell with trying to improve this country : “ A more over - the - top example of shameless pandering you wo n’t find anywhere in the halls of our current government .
The transportation system of the United States is set up to accommodate one thing and one thing only : the automobile .
I ’m not going to say whether that ’s good or bad .
It just is .
We can talk all we want about light rail and urban mass - transit and even flying cars and jetpacks — when push comes to shove , we ’re Americans and we drive . ”
Now that he ’s catching flak from NAM and Republican lawmakers , maybe LaHood feels like he ’s really one of the Obama team .
Green Inc. and Wired both have good stuff about what the new policy means on the ground .
From Wired :
This does n’t mean you ’ll see bike lanes on that new expressway through town .
The feds are still going to bankroll conventional roads and highways and so forth .
But you ’ll see bicycle connection points to these roads , such as trails and shared use pathways to create multimodal transportation .
Beyond making it easier for cyclists and pedestrians to get around , the move is intended to make it safer for them to get around .
A report released late last year by Transportation for America and the Surface Transportation Policy Partnership found more than 43,000 pedestrians nationwide have died since 2000 on roads the authors complain do n’t provide adequate crosswalks and other safety features .
The authors say states are n’t spending enough to make roads safer for people who are on foot , on a bike or in a wheelchair .
Watch LaHood ’s tabletop speech :
Top 10 : Lesbian Sex Secrets
OK , admit it :
The thought of two women together turns you on .
Yeah , we knew it .
But have you really thought about what women do together — sexually ?
Have you ever wondered if you might be able to learn something from lesbians about what turns women on ?
Well , you ’re in luck , because this Valentine ’s Day brings with it an awesome new book called Love Her Right : The Married Man ’s Guide to Lesbian Secrets for Great Sex !
Authors and lovers Dr. Joni Frater and Esther Lastique have graciously offered to share their top 10 lesbian secrets in this exclusive article for AskMen.com just in time for turning the heat up this Valentine ’s Day .
A JUDGE has slammed a 000 operator 's reaction to an Afghan woman who called complaining of domestic violence days before her death .
Soltan Ahmad Azizi , 46 , strangled his wife Marzieh Rahimi with her veil after complaining she had become " too Australian ' ' .
Sentencing Azizi to a minimum of 17 - and - a- half years behind bars , Justice Betty King said police should have been there for Ms Rahimi after she called 000 for help just days before her death .
Ms Rahimi , a mother of five , was killed in front of the couple 's three - month old baby and toddler , 22 months , in their Hampton Park home in November 2007 .
" It is most unfortunate that no assistance was forthcoming as a result of a very disappointing reaction by the telephone operator to your wife 's inability to speak English in anything other than a broken English manner , '' Justice King said .
" Your wife was extremely distressed and kept asking why the police had not come ... a question that I would pose to this day . ''
Wayne Debernardi , spokesman for the Emergency Services Telecommunications Authority , said phone records had confirmed a call was made from Ms Rahimi ’s address at 1.46 am on November 20 , 2007 .
Mr Debernardi said the 000 operator did the right thing and referred the call to police .
" A triple 000 call was received by a female caller from the victim ’s address , ’’ he said .
" The ESTA operator identified the need for an interpreter but the caller hung up in the process of us getting that assistance .
" As per our standard operating procedures , the contact details were provided to Victoria Police for appropriate follow - up . ”
Ms Rahimi had told her sister and social workers her husband was violent and she wanted a divorce .
The cousins had an arranged marriage in Afghanistan in 1995 and came to Australia as refugees in 2005 .
The court heard Azizi believed he could dominate his wife and at times had locked her out of their Hampton Park home .
Just days before killing his wife , he complained she was becoming " too Australian ' ' in a phone call to his sister - in - law .
Azizi admitted killing his wife and even called the police afterwards , saying , " I 'm ready for the handcuffs ' ' .
However , he pleaded not guilty to murder with his lawyers claiming Azizi had not meant to kill her .
A jury dismissed this and found Azizi guilty of murder .
Justice King said Azizi demonstrated no genuine remorse and made untruthful claims his marriage was a happy one .
" Your treatment of your wife over a period of time was not what would be normally acceptable in this country , but you are not here to be punished for that , you are to be punished for your ultimate treatment of your wife which was that you killed her , '' she said .
Azizi was sentenced to 22 years in jail with a non-parole period of 17 - and - a - half years .
Originally published as Victim 's 000 call for help ignored
Why is the weather so often presented by attractive women and is weather forecasting one of the major bastions of global sexism ?
Lets begin with some serious weather forecasting before exploring the glamour end of the international weather spectrum !
So are weather presenters chosen primarily for their expert knowledge of meteorology or just for their good looks ?
Is the weather forecasting game more about being good with figures or is it really about having a figure that looks hot in shorts ?
In the UK , BBC weather presenters are highly professional meteorologists from the UK Met Office , a government sponsored organisation with links to the Ministry of Defence .
Obviously an ability to present the weather to camera is also required and being attractive and photogenic is always an advantage .
However , the BBC is not an organisation to expect its weather presenters to wear mini-skirts or crop tops .
HORSHOLM , Denmark —
The lawyers and engineers who dwell in an elegant enclave here are at peace with the hulking neighbor just over the back fence : a vast energy plant that burns thousands of tons of household garbage and industrial waste , round the clock .
Far cleaner than conventional incinerators , this new type of plant converts local trash into heat and electricity .
Dozens of filters catch pollutants , from mercury to dioxin , that would have emerged from its smokestack only a decade ago .
In that time , such plants have become both the mainstay of garbage disposal and a crucial fuel source across Denmark , from wealthy exurbs like Horsholm to Copenhagen ’s downtown area .
Their use has not only reduced the country ’s energy costs and reliance on oil and gas , but also benefited the environment , diminishing the use of landfills and cutting carbon dioxide emissions .
The plants run so cleanly that many times more dioxin is now released from home fireplaces and backyard barbecues than from incineration .
With all these innovations , Denmark now regards garbage as a clean alternative fuel rather than a smelly , unsightly problem .
And the incinerators , known as waste - to - energy plants , have acquired considerable cachet as communities like Horsholm vie to have them built .
your email
Cancel
Thank you for subscribing to our daily updates .
We promise not to use your e-mail address for any other reason .
You can unsubscribe at any time .
__1994 : __Members of more than 6,000 Usenet discussion groups find themselves the recipients of a message imploring them to use the legal services of Laurence Canter and Martha Siegel to ensure their place in line for a green card from the U.S government .
It did n't matter that most recipients had no need for such services .
They 'd just been spammed by a company – for the first time in the net 's history .
Not surprisingly , some lines of the message were in ALL CAPS .
Canter and Siegel went on to notoriety , claiming they 'd made $ 100,000 from their Perl - script spamming .
The two remained unrepentant , despite the backlash which led them to lose their hosting and even get Canter disbarred .
The husband - and - wife duo went onto to create a spam - advertising company and pen a how - to titled How to Make a FORTUNE on the Information Superhighway : Everyone 's Guerrilla Guide to Marketing on the Internet and Other On - Line Services , still on sale at Amazon.com .
But an outdated online marketing guide is not the duo's true legacy .
That would be spam .
Depending on who is counting , spam now accounts for nearly 90 percent of e-mail traffic – much of it sent through botnets or unscrupulous hosting companies and e-mail firms .
And if there 's a medium worth communicating in , it 's worth spamming .
Message boards , blog comments and social networking sites all have to fight the scourge unleashed by the infamous green - card spam of 1994 .
Thankfully spam filters have gotten much better , but those tedious and unreadable captchas are also a reaction to the flood of spam unleashed by Canter and Siegel .
Thanks for reading , and click here to help us collect the millions of dollars we inherited in Nigeria so we can buy some genuine Viagra Rolexes .
See Also :
By Janet Fang
Soils around the globe have increased their emissions of carbon dioxide over the past few decades , according to an analysis of 439 studies .
The findings , published in the March 25 issue of Nature , match predictions that increasing temperatures will cause a net release of carbon dioxide from soils by triggering microbes to speed up their consumption of plant debris and other organic matter .
Ben Bond - Lamberty and Allison Thomson , terrestrial carbon research scientists at the University of Maryland 's Joint Global Change Research Institute in College Park , conducted the study by stitching together almost 50 years of soil - emissions data -- 1,434 data points -- from 439 studies around the world .
To compare measurements , the researchers accounted for differences between the studies , such as mean annual temperatures and techniques used to gauge carbon dioxide levels .
They totaled the data for each year to create a global estimate of soil respiration -- the flux of carbon dioxide from the ground into the atmosphere .
The researchers found that soil respiration had increased by about 0.1 percent per year between 1989 and 2008 , the span when soil measurement techniques had become standardized .
In 2008 , the global total reached roughly 98 billion tons , about 10 times more carbon than humans are now putting into the atmosphere each year .
The change within soils " is a slow increase , but the absolute number is so large , even a small percentage increase is quite a bit , " says Bond - Lamberty .
" There are a few plausible explanations for this trend , but the most tempting , and perhaps most likely explanation is that increasing temperatures have increased rates of decomposition of soil organic matter , which has increased the flow of CO2 , " says Eric Davidson , a biogeochemist at the Woods Hole Research Center in Falmouth , Massachusetts .
" If true , this is an important finding : that a positive feedback to climate change is already occurring at a detectable level in soils . "
Unknown cause
The extra soil emissions could come from two types of sources : microbes and plants .
If plant roots are emitting more carbon dioxide , the additional flux could be balanced by increasing rates of photosynthesis , resulting in no net increase in atmospheric carbon dioxide .
In contrast , warming soils could prompt microbes to break down old sources of carbon that have been locked away for a long time .
This would cause a net increase in the atmosphere 's store of carbon dioxide .
Although the study shows an increase in respiration , it can't distinguish between the two potential causes .
Researchers who study soil carbon say they are impressed with the huge undertaking .
" It 's extremely difficult to compare soil respiration measurements between different experiments , let alone different regions of the world , " says Dustin Bronson from the University of Wyoming in Laramie .
William Schlesinger , president of the Cary Institute of Ecosystem Studies in Millbrook , N.Y. , says the new study should motivate further work on the response of the carbon cycle to a warmer world .
Thomson and Bond - Lamberty agree that their work is just a beginning .
They have started an online global soil respiration database to which researchers can contribute additional studies as they are completed .
Over time , says Thomson , " we can see if this relationship holds up . "
SANTA ANA – A serial child molester from Costa Mesa set to be freed Friday wo n’t be released because federal authorities have filed a warrant for his arrest , county prosecutors said .
The announcement about George Joseph England , 65 , came during a news conference on Thursday organized by Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas , which was intended to warn the community about England ’s impending release .
England spent 29 years as a fugitive after being found guilty of sexually assaulting three girls in Costa Mesa in the mid-1970s .
He was captured and arrested in Florida in 2006 , and was sentenced to four consecutive one - year - to - life terms in prison that September .
But , because the crimes happened in the 1970s , England was eligible for parole after serving only three years in custody .
Rackauckas opposed England ’s scheduled release from Corcoran State Prison , which was approved by the state ’s mental health evaluators .
“ Prison is where he belongs .
Not in our neighborhoods .
Not on our streets , ” he said .
During his speech , Rackauckas ’ spokeswoman Susan Kang Schroeder informed him that federal authorities just called and said England will not be released .
The new charges involve allegations of child pornography and the Mann Act , which prohibits interstate transportation of a minor for sexual purposes , regarding one of England ’s alleged victims : a Vietnamese girl whom he purchased from her mother during the Vietnam War , Rackauckas said .
England was never charged in state court for those alleged crimes because she did not report the assaults until the statute of limitations had expired .
The prosecutor did not have additional details on the new case .
Rackauckas did say the charges could mean a life sentence for the convicted molester .
“ If the people of Orange County share my mind , they are relieved that the U.S. Attorney ’s Office have come in and pursued this new case , ” he said .
Late Thursday , federal charges were filed late against England in Palm Beach , Fla. , Schroeder said .
The federal case alleges that England transported a minor from Orange County to Florida in 1977 and possessed child pornography on his computer , according to Schroeder .
England served in the U.S. Army during the 1960s , and his tour of duty took him to Korea .
After being honorably discharged in 1966 , he moved to Vietnam to work as a civilian contractor .
In 1972 , England met a Vietnamese woman , and bought her 5 - year - old daughter , prosecutors said .
After purchasing the girl from her mother , England moved her to Costa Mesa in the mid-1970s .
While living in Costa Mesa in the mid-1970s , England was arrested for molesting three girls , ages 9 and 10 , who had been playmates with the young Vietnamese girl , after one of the victims disclosed the assault to her mother .
He was convicted of those charges in Orange County Superior Court in 1977 , but was allowed to remain free in lieu of bail pending his sentencing so that he could tidy up his affairs .
But instead of showing up in court , England removed the Vietnamese girl from protective custody and fled , spending the next 29 years as a fugitive until he was captured in Florida in 2005 .
Orange County District Attorney Supervising Investigator Clint McCall discovered that England was living on a yacht in West Palm Beach .
England assumed the identity of Stephen Arthur Seagoe , who had been born a year after England but died at 11 months old , prosecutors said .
He worked as an electrician .
England was then taken into custody , and told authorities his real name , and “ said he was sorry for all the things he had done in his life , ” according to a prosecution investigative report .
“ Jackie ( Zudis ) lived this case since he bought her in 1972 , ” McCall said .
“ With him facing a potential life sentence , he would never victimize children again … it ’s a huge relief for society . ”
A videotaped interview with Zudis was played during the news conference .
Zudis said England told her to invite her schoolmates over to their home so he could molest them .
She also said she was repeatedly abused by England until she was 18 or 19 .
She first became pregnant by England at age 13 , she said , and gave the baby up for adoption .
She later got between six to eight abortions after his assaults , she said .
Zudis said she was scared to report the abuse .
She said she did n’t trust any adults , and recounted how once , England chased her around the home and injected her with a hypodermic needle before raping her .
Additionally , he forced her to have sex with dogs , she tearfully said .
“ Who ’s to say anyone else is better than he was , ” she said , recalling her mindset .
Zudis said she decided to speak publicly to warn families everywhere about her abuser , a Canadian citizen who was supposed to have re-located to that country after his release because of an immigration hold .
“ I want Canada to know what kind of monster is being released into their country , ” said Zudis , identified as the girl England purchased in Vietnam .
“ Your little girls are in trouble and you need to protect them . ”
Zudis could not be reached for comment regarding the new charges against England .
Alicia Valle , special counsel to the U.S. Attorney ’s Office in Florida , declined to give details on the case .
Contact the writer : 714-834-3773 or rsrisavasdi@ocregister.com
Mathematical Model Analyzes Facebook Networks to Prioritize Who Should Receive Vaccinations
People who are " bridges " among different social groups appear as good vaccination bets
Today , in Tech Monitor : Dilbert on the iPhone scandal , how Europe took to the air after the ash cloud cleared and what hypnotizing chickens has to do with the US military and PowerPoint .
• In Germany , officials were " horrified " to discover that Google 's Street View cars map the location of wi-fi hotspots , as well as collecting information and pictures of roads and streets .
The Register reports that the UK's Information Commissioner 's Office is now also interested in finding out what Google does with the data :
A spokeswoman told The Register the ICO had been unaware the Street View fleet has been recording the MAC addresses and locations of Wi-Fi networks as they photograph national road networks - until its German counterpart launched an attack last week . "
• Google has also decided to try to fend off any more criticism by publishing a FAQ on what it does and does n't collect .
" We collect the following information -- photos , local WiFi network data and 3 - D building imagery .
This information enables us to build new services , and improve existing ones . "
• The firm and its maps are also in the news because of a new feature .
Google has added its 3D map application Google Earth to its web - based maps .
Mike Melanson at ReadWriteWeb is pleased :
So rarely do I install an actual application on my computer these days , when I run across a download dialog I have to consider whether or not I 'll actually open the program or if it will just clutter up my desktop and start menu .
Such is the reason , silly as it may be , I have yet to install Google Earth onto my netbook .
As of yesterday , my Google Earth - less days are over , as Google has released its all - encompassing 3D view of the earth as a browser plugin , making sure I never have to stray far from my workaday path to peruse Peru or browse Belize . "
• The New York Times has a piece about the US military command and its fondness for Powerpoint , Microsoft 's presentation tool .
The piece kicks off with a slide that was shown off by the leader of American and Nato forces in Afghanistan " that was meant to portray the complexity of American military strategy , but looked more like a bowl of spaghetti " .
The slide has since bounced around the internet as an example of a military tool that has spun out of control . "
The story also introduces readers to the intriguing , if bizarre , phrase " hypnotizing chickens " .
Supposedly , this describes a US military news conference that " lasts 25 minutes , with five minutes left at the end for questions from anyone still awake . "
• Currently , Apple stocks are at an all - time high .
Software engineer Kyle Conroy has calculated how much money people would have today if they had purchased stock instead of an Apple product .
Top of the table is the Apple PowerBook G3 250 .
If you had used your $ 5,700 to buy stocks back in 1997 instead of a computer , you would have $ 330,563 today .
If you 're an Apple - owner , check your cupboards now ... and perhaps be prepared to weep .
• Europe is still finding its feet after the eruption and subsequent ash cloud from the Eyjafjallajokull volcano in Iceland .
ITO has created a beautiful visualisation of the northern European airspace as it returned to use .
• And finally , the story occupying much of the tech press at the moment is the police seizure of computers belonging to Jason Chen , the editor of Gizmodo , which recently bought an iPhone prototype that a Apple employee had left in a California bar .
Amid the analysis and speculation , Scott Adams , the man behind the Dilbert cartoon strip , offers his take on the story .
Links in full
• Chris Williams |
The Register | UK data watchdog to quiz Google on Streetview Wi-Fi database
• Peter Fleischer | Google European Public Policy blog | Data collected by Google cars
• Mike Melanson | ReadWriteWeb | Google Earth Gets in Maps : Browser - Based & Embeddable
• Elisabeth Bumiller | The New York Times | We Have Met the Enemy and He Is PowerPoint
• Kyle Conroy | Kyle Conroy 's blog |
What if I had bought Apple stock instead ?
• Scott Adams | Dilbert.com | That Lost 4G Phone
It Burns When I Pee - WTF !?!
This is what can happen when you stop at the side of the road to relieve yourself , it can escalate very quickly into something bad , so it 's a good thing this guy manages to gain control over the situation , no matter how unorthodoxly that 's done
At last we have an answer to one of the nagging questions of British politics .
Lord Ashcroft , the deputy chairman of the Conservative Party and its biggest donor , released a statement yesterday revealing that he is a " non-domiciled " resident of the UK .
What this means is that Lord Ashcroft pays UK tax on his British earnings , but not on his income from abroad .
The Tory leadership expressed the hope yesterday that this will draw a line under the whole bothersome saga of Lord Ashcroft 's tax status .
Alas , this is wishful thinking .
For one thing , when Mr Ashcroft was made a peer in 2000 on the condition that he became a UK resident , there was no mention of the curious half - in half - out status of the " non-dom " .
Rather , the implication was that Mr Ashcroft would become a full British citizen and a full UK taxpayer .
Lord Ashcroft now claims he struck a deal with the Government a decade ago that his " long - term residency " as a non-dom would fulfil the requirement that he take up " permanent residency " in Britain .
This seems rather a stretch .
And even if Lord Ashcroft 's arrangements fit the letter of the 2000 agreement , they are hardly living up to the spirit of it .
Moreover , if becoming a non -dom was an entirely honourable course for Lord Ashcroft , why does he now apparently plan to become a full resident ?
Then there is the manner in which this information has emerged .
Lord Ashcroft says he has broken his silence because he does not want his affairs to become a distraction in the forthcoming general election campaign .
Yet the timing appears to be a response to the ruling last month by the Information Commissioner , Christopher Graham , that the Cabinet Office should release the precise terms of the 2000 agreement on the granting of the peerage .
Lord Ashcroft has gone public merely because he was forced to do so .
This whole business reflects badly on the Conservative leader , David Cameron .
Mr Cameron released a statement of his own yesterday , welcoming Lord Ashcroft 's revelation .
This typifies the supine position the Conservative leader has adopted throughout this affair .
Mr Cameron ought to have put an end to the farce years ago by demanding that his deputy party chairman come clean , rather than insisting that the peer 's tax status was a private matter .
Lord Ashcroft is hardly an obscure private individual .
As this newspaper 's investigation at the weekend made clear , the peer is in charge of a formidable operation within Conservative Party headquarters which is ploughing considerable sums of money directly into Conservative association coffers in marginal constituencies .
And the results of these marginal constituencies in the next general election could be of the highest importance .
Whether Lord Ashcroft likes it or not , he is a public figure .
And as the Information Commissioner argues , there is a " legitimate interest " in his tax affairs .
The late Oscar - winning director Stanley Kubrick held high esteem for years while he was still alive , and now that he has since passed , Hollywood is n’t ready to let his genius slip away .
Philco Films is prepping three properties based on scripts by Kubrick , according to Screen Daily , and they seem to reflect the late film - maker ’s varied career .
The first will be a large - scale Civil War film entitled Downslope .
The second , Lunatic At Large , will star Scarlett Johansson and Sam Rockwell , and the third is a TV series called God Fearing Man that revolves around a famous bank robber in the early 20th century .
Philco Films is n’t aiming low with any of these properties either , as they are targeting A - list casts and crew to bring these three pieces to life .
For a more detailed look at each project and the plans behind them , hit the jump .
The staple of the three upcoming properties is the Civil War drama , Downslope .
Philco will give the film a $ 100 million budget to work with and are building from the ground up .
The script , which Kubrick based on a short story by historian Shelby Foote , follows John Singleton Mosby ’s famous Confederate cavalry known as Mosby ’s Rangers , and will reportedly involves spies and toe the line between both sides of the war .
“ We are approaching A - list directors for the project because it is an A - list script , ” says Steven Lanning , co-founder of Philco Films , while speaking with Screen Daily .
While they are shooting for an A - list cast as well , he understands that they “ need the director first . ”
Although America would seem to be the obvious spot for shooting , the plan is to shoot next year in Europe instead .
Part of the reasoning is that the historic battlegrounds in which the period piece will focus on look vastly different today , but also because they are receiving heavy interest from European financiers .
The next project on the list is Lunatic At Large , which has a lengthy history and no director yet .
The script , which was adapted by pulp writer Jim Thompson back in the 1950s under Kubrick ’s direction , got buried after Kubrick took over directing duties on Spartacus .
The film , which will star Johansson and Rockwell , has this description :
“ The story of an ex-carnival worker and a barfly who strike up a relationship – although there are suspicions that one of them is an escapee from a mental asylum . ”
Finally , there is the $ 12 million TV series God Fearing Man , which is set to begin production sometime this year .
The show will follow Herbert Emerson Wilson , a famous safecracker who wrote his own book , I Stole $ 16,000,000 .
Wilson is an interesting character , and the title perhaps refers to the fact that he was a former Baptist minister .
While Philco has yet to tab a cast or crew , they are eyeing Germany as a potential shooting location due to tax breaks .
Pulling all of these projects together is the man adapting the scripts for each : Stephen R. Clarke , who might have limited experience , has pedigree to his name .
His father , Roy Clarke , is a well - known British sitcom writer ( Last of the Summer Wine ) who has also dabbled in film ( A Foreign Field ) .
Perhaps the pedigree will shine through , as Stephen has been given a grand opportunity to show what he can do .
Stay tuned as we expect more news to quickly emerge as these projects ramp up pre-production .
This is an e-mail that was sent to me last night by Americans for Safe Access – San Francisco .
I thought it was interesting and figured I would post it on TWB :
So how much pot do Californians smoke ?
According to a recent state Board of Equalization report prepared for the Legislature , its 16 million ounces a year .
That ’s a little less than one - half an ounce for each resident in California , in case you ’re counting every man , woman and child .
The analysis was prepared for legislation by Assemblyman Tom Ammiano , D - San Francisco that seeks to legalize , tax and regulate marijuana for use by California adults 21 and over .
Some other findings :
* California is America ’s top pot producing state , with an annual yield
of 8.6 million pounds of weed valued at $ 13.8 billion .
That ’s more than
one - third of the cultivation across the U.S .
* Legalization of marijuana in California would cause the street price
of pot to drop by 50 percent , but prompt 40 percent more Californians to
turn to marijuana use .
At least , that is , until a state tax kicks in .
* Once Ammiano ’s plan to impose a $ 50 per ounce tax is in effect , it
would reduce consumption by 11 percent .
http://www.sacbee.com/static/weblogs/weed-wars/2010/03/californias-annua\
l -weed -toke-estimated-at-16-millions-ounces.html
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Monday , April 12 , 2010 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH ICPP Copyright Foundation is Fake Posted by Mikko @ 08:47 GMT
There 's a new extortion trojan in circulation .
This one attempts to steal victims ' money by bullying them to pay a " pre-trial settlement " to cover a " Copyright holder fine " .
The victim is informed that an " Antipiracy foundation scanner " has found illegal torrents from the system .
If he wo n't pay $ 400 ( via a credit card transaction ) , he might face jail time and huge fines .
And the warnings will not go away .
They will reappear every time the user reboots his system .
All of this is completely fake .
There is no " ICPP Foundation " , and the messages will appear even if the system contains no illegal material whatsoever .
Most importantly : Refuse to pay money to these clowns !
If people pay them , the problem will only grow bigger .
The group behind this have even set up an official - looking website at icpp-online.com .
The domain is registered to Mr. " Shoen Overns " .
The same e-mail address ovenersbox@yahoo.com has been seen before in various other domains , connected to Zeus and Koobface scams .
If you click on the Reports shown by the application , you 'll end up on pages such as these :
We tried calling the ( Italian ) phone number listed on the page : +39 ( 06 ) 9028 0658 .
Unsurprisingly , it goes nowhere .
These pages are hosted at 91.209.238.2 , which according to WHOIS belongs to EBUNKER - NET , a " High protected Somalia network " .
It 's running in Moldova .
This is what the payment page looks like :
There is no obvious credit - card payment system connected to the site ; they just seem to collect the credit card information .
If you are hit by this trojan , DO NOT PAY .
Instead , use an antivirus program that is capable of detecting it to remove the trojan .
F - Secure Antivirus detects it as Rogue : W32 / DotTorrent .A .
You can use our free Online Scanner at ols.f- secure.com to check your system .
The malware is typically located in c:\documents and settings \USERNAME \application data\IQManager\iqmanager.exe .
We 've seen two versions so far .
MD5 hashes of them are cedc2c35bf967027d609df13e937946c and bca3226cc1cfea416c0bcf488082e5fd .
Family Law Protect your rights and interests during your family law dispute by hiring experienced professional Torrence L. Howell as your family law attorney in Upland CA .
Domestic Violence
Whether you are the victim of domestic violence or in need of a domestic violence defense attorney , you can rely on Torrence L. Howell to aggressively represent your interests .
Divorce
Get expert help at every step of the divorce process , to filing and serving the initial paperwork to securing a divorce decree .
Alimony
Whether you are the party seeking alimony or the one paying it , with Torrence L. Howell on the case you can rest assured the amount will be fair .
Child Custody Torrence L. Howell will help you protect the best interests of your children by fighting for fair custody and visitation agreements .
Child Support Need help with the California Guideline Child Support Calculation ?
Hire Torrence L. Howell as your family law attorney in Upland CA .
Business Law
Want an attorney who cares about the success of your business as much as you do ?
Hire Torrence L. Howell as your business law attorney in Upland CA .
Contract Law Resolve your contract law disputes through mediation , negotiation , or litigation with help from Upland CA business law attorney Torrence L. Howell .
The natural food for human babies is breastmilk .
However , at some point , children need to be weaned onto ‘ solid food ’ .
In the long term there is good reason , I think , for aiming for a childhood diet that is essentially ‘ primal ’ in nature .
That means a diet based on foods like meat , fish , eggs , nuts , seeds , fruits and vegetables .
What it does n’t mean is a diet rammed full of starchy carbs and dairy products .
Some would counter such a diet with the claim that dairy products are essential for bone health , and that carbs supply valuable ‘ energy ’ for active , growing children .
Let ’s take the first of these assertions first – is milk and specifically the calcium it supplies really important for bone health .
Thinking about this from an evolutionary perspective , this hardly makes sense .
We probably have n’t been consuming dairy products in any meaningful way until a few thousand years ago .
The paleontological record shows we , as a species , had a good , solid bone health until about 10,000 years ago ( around the time we introduced grain ) .
Apparently , we did fine without milk for about 2 million years , but now apparently we must have it for healthy bones .
Seems a little odd .
The idea that milk and / or calcium do not play a huge part in bone building is also supported by some science .
For example , in a review published in the journal Pediatrics , researchers cast a critical eye over 37 relevant studies , of which 27 found no relationship between dietary calcium or dairy product intake and measures of bone health [ 1 ] .
Of the remaining studies , any apparent benefit was small .
This review clearly deflates the notion that dairy products are ‘ necessary ’ for the normal growth and development of children .
Further evidence for the limited role of dairy products in building bone has come from a study published in the British Medical Journal which amassed evidence from 19 studies in the effects of calcium supplementation in children ranging from 3 - 18 years in age [ 2 ] .
This mass of evidence found that calcium supplementation had no effect on bone density in the hip or spine , and very marginal benefits for bone density in the arm .
This study was accompanied by an editorial which highlighted the lack of evidence for the ‘ benefits ’ of not only calcium , but also dairy products , for bone health [ 3 ] .
The editorial called for policy makers to revise calcium recommendations for young people and for a change in our assumptions about the role of calcium , milk , and other dairy products in the bone health of children and adolescents .
As for the idea that starchy carbs provide vital ‘ energy ’ for active growing bodies .
Well , first of all , the body ’s cells can run on carbohydrate ( glucose ) , but this can be formed from other ‘ macronutrients ’ including protein .
The absolute requirement for carbohydrate is , strictly speaking , none at all .
Plus , if we were concerned about children getting enough calories , surely it ’s fat we should be looking to to help here ( seeing as it contains about twice as many calories per gram as carbohydrate ) .
And finally , growing bodies rely mainly on protein to provide the raw materials necessary for this .
The idea that children somehow ‘ need ’ starchy carbs just does not stack up .
Not only are dairy and starchy carbs of limited nutritional and health value , they can be positively problematic .
For example , starchy carbs can upset blood sugar and insulin in a way that predisposes to issues such as weight gain and type 2 diabetes .
And then we have the issue of ‘ food sensitivity ’ .
Unwanted reactions to food can manifest in many ways including abdominal discomfort and bloating , irritable bowel syndrome , asthma , eczema and ear , nose and throat issues including enlarged tonsils , sore throat , glue ear and ear infections .
While any food can , in theory , trigger such symptoms , experience ( and some science ) reveals repeat offenders to be dairy products and wheat .
Within wheat , ‘ gluten ’ is often what gives rise to problem , and this protein is found in other grains such as oats , rye and barley .
Another potential symptom of food sensitivity is constipation .
There is some evidence , for example , that milk can cause constipation in children [ 4,5 ] .
And a study published recently has implicated gluten too [ 6 ] .
In this study , researchers looked to see if the timing of introduction of gluten into a child ’s diet appeared to have any bearing on risk of constipation at the age of 24 months .
Timing may be important because , generally speaking , the sooner a foodstuff is introduced into a child ’s diet , the more likely it is to provoke food sensitivity issues .
Constipation was defined as less than 3 bowel movement per week or the presence of mainly hard stools for two weeks or longer .
Constipation was more likely in children who had been introduced to gluten at 6 months or earlier , compared to those who had later introduction of gluten to their diets .
Earlier introduction was associated with a 35 per cent increased risk of constipation .
The researchers assessed the relationship between timing of introduction of cow ’s milk and risk of constipation and found no association .
However , they did find that a history of cow ’s milk sensitivity in the first year of life was associated with a 57 per cent increased risk of constipation , which is consistent with other work linking cow ’s milk with constipation ( see above ) .
This study is epidemiological in nature , and cannot be used to conclude that gluten ( or milk ) causes constipation .
However , my experience in practice leads me to believe that these foodstuffs are indeed a common cause of constipation and other gut symptoms in childhood ( and in older individuals too ) .
It is perhaps not too much of a surprise that these relatively recent additions to the human diet are common provokers of unwanted symptoms .
And as I pointed out above , despite dietary dictats to the contrary , such foods offer relatively limited nutritional value .
The problems with such foods and their lack of necessity in the diet should cause us to reconsider , in my opinion , if ‘ cereal and milk ’ really is a healthy , nutritious way to start the day .
References :
1. Lanou AJ , et al .
Calcium , dairy products , and bone health in children and young adults : a reevaluation of the evidence .
Pediatrics .
2005 ;115(3) :736-43
2. Winzenberg T , et al .
Effects of calcium supplementation on bone density in healthy children : meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials .
BMJ 2006;333:775-778
3. Lanou AJ .
Bone health in children .
BMJ 2006;333:763-764
4. Heine RG , et al .
Cow ’s milk allergy in infancy .
Curr Opin Allergy Clin Immunol .
2002 ;2(3) :217-25
5 . Daher S , et al .
Cow ’s milk protein intolerance and chronic constipation in children .
Pediatr Allergy Immunol .
2001;12(6):339-42
6. Kiefte -de Jong JC , et al .
Infant nutritional factors and functional constipation in childhood : the Generation R study .
Am J Gastroenterol .
2 March 2010 [ Epub ahead of print ]
Britain's Ministry of Defense unveiled a robot hand that could defuse bombs and a luminous goo that flows around soldiers ’ moving bodies but hardens to protect them if they are hit and a uniform that conducts electricity .
The innovations were among the first fruits of the initiative that aims to harness scientific innovation for rapid use on the battlefield .
They are being funded by grants from the MoD 's Center for Defense Enterprise , which encourages private companies to bring their products straight to the government for development .
Officials say that 15 in every 100 applications are tested and about two are then developed .
But , the event held in Oxford on Friday looked more like a convention for dreadlocked and ponytailed Dungeons and Dragons enthusiasts than a Ministry of Defence event .
Among the companies to have received funding is d3o Lab , which has developed an " intelligent " liquid polymer that is easily malleable when moved slowly but whose molecules lock together and absorb force when hit by a projectile .
To demonstrate its properties , which have uses in a new generation of helmets and types of body armor , members of the d3o team wrapped the luminous orange goo round their hands and then struck them repeatedly with hammers .
" The way that the material responds to your body movements , you get a duality of flexibility and protection , " Floria Antolini said .
Other innovations on show included the " Little Owl " , a lightweight drone that its developers hope will carry 20kg of surveillance equipment and power itself on solar energy for up to three months .
The project has received £ 44,000 of funding for development .
Intelligent Textiles received £ 49,500 to help it to develop an army uniform that conducts electricity and computer data through internally woven " conductive yarns " .
It allows troops to attach electrical equipment to powerpoints on their uniform , and to run internal heaters to keep them warm .
The uniform runs off a central battery pack .
The MoD believes that it will remove 2 kg from the weight of equipment for troops in combat and is also being considered by the Canadian military .
Even if the material is pierced , officials claim , it will still conduct electricity around the damaged area without loss of power .
Crib Gogh , which makes extreme survival equipment , has already developed a durable solar - panel mat that folds into a backpack pouch and delivers enough power to run a computer .
It is to be delivered to forward bases in Afghanistan .
Currently the MoD runs small generators at such bases whose fuel costs are 17 times the market price because of transport costs .
The MoD also spends millions of pounds on the purchase and transport of batteries for soldiers who use an average of eight AA batteries a day .
In a corner of yesterday ’s event , Sergeant Alex Simpson , 26 , a bomb disposal expert with 11 Explosive Ordnance Disposal Regiment , the unit that tackles Taliban roadside bombs , tested a robotic hand developed by the Shadow Robot Company .
The hand mimics the movements of a controller wearing a sensory glove and can be used at a range of hundreds of meters .
" Without a shadow of a doubt this could be used in the bomb disposal world , " he said , " and it would obviously be a massive leap forward from what we have at the moment . "
" Thanks man , " said the hand ’s dreadlocked designer , Rich Walker , 39 , a self - confessed Dungeons and Dragons fan .
The company is also developing robotic limbs for use in radioactive environments .
He expects the hand to be picking apart bombs on the battlefield within two years .
Are you a video gamer looking to play with girls ?
A new website lets you do just that , if you can afford it .
GameCrush.com is a dating site for gamers , but one built on an overtly commercial model that makes guys pay to play , while girls get paid to play with them .
Adrianne Curry , America 's Next Top Model winner , posted a picture of herself playing World of Warcraft on Twitter .
On GameCrush guys ( called " Players " ) choose a girl ( called " PlayDates " ) to play with .
Players then pay $ US6.60 ( $ 7.20 ) for about 10 minutes of gaming , and PlayDates keeps 60 per cent of the money , gaming website IGN reported .
GameCrush said PlayDates can earn up to $ US30 an hour .
June 1 , 2020 Safe Streets for Everyone # BlackLivesMatter Equity by League of American Bicyclists
Safe streets for everyone means more than bike lanes and sidewalks .
It means that everyone is free to move on our streets , in our neighborhoods , and throughout our cities without fear of violence , racial profiling , or police brutality .
September 29 , 2020 Lessons from the 2020 BUILD grant selections Federal News , Advocacy by Caron Whitaker
The 2020 round included two projects that were just bike / ped , one in Alabama and one in Florida .
The two combined equaled $ 39 million , or 3.9 % of the grant funding .
September 23 , 2020 Help us defeat the SELF DRIVE Act by Ken McLeod Automated Vehicles need federal legislation to realize their full potential .
But the SELF DRIVE
Act does not address the safety of the most vulnerable people on our roadways and deserves to be defeated .
New York City is plagued by its antiquated sewer system that channels both waste and stormwater runoff into the same pipes .
Anyone who has experienced subway delays due to flooding or walked by the Gowanus Canal after a heavy rain knows that our sewers are easily overloaded , a problem exacerbated by the 6,000 miles of impervious roadways that send stormwater streaming directly into the pipes .
Combined sewer overflows ( CSOs ) are responsible for a staggering 27 billion gallons of untreated wastewater — bodily fluids , trash , industrial waste , you name it — spilling into our city ’s waterways .
Opportunities to mitigate the problem abound in New York City and small stormwater management interventions can make a huge difference .
But the implementation of even small changes can turn out to be an insurmountable challenge .
Kate Zidar and the North Brooklyn Compost Project learned this the hard way — but used their defeat as inspiration to develop an interdisciplinary ideas competition , exhibition , panel discussion and continuing forum for new ideas , collectively known as Minds in the Gutter .
Here , Kate Zidar explains why stormwater management is crucial to our health , our waterways and our city , and illustrates the challenges of implementing an idea when everyone likes it , but nobody has the authority to say yes .
– V.S .
Stormwater in New York City is everybody ’s and nobody ’s problem .
Rain falls everywhere : on public property , on private property , everywhere .
But even with PlaNYC in the works and ambitious stormwater management initiatives inching closer to home via Chicago , Pittsburgh and Philadelphia , New York has yet to make a dent in the approximately 27 billion gallons of stormwater - induced sewer overflow that contaminate our waterways every year .
In the summer of 2009 , members of the North Brooklyn Compost Project , a volunteer - run compost pile in McCarren Park , Brooklyn sought permission to retrofit a section of vegetation on N. 12th Street to manage the stormwater from the road .
Compost , in addition to literally bringing dead city soil back to life , can help absorb and detox polluted urban runoff .
We had noticed a long grassy strip between the sidewalk and gutter where the old slate curb had already sunken to the level of the roadway .
Here , water pooled into the vegetated area during rainstorms whereas an intact curb would have hurried the rain down to the storm drain on the corner .
This eureka moment led to a game of “ What If ? ”
What if we took out a section of the curb and brought the water into the vegetated area on purpose ?
What If we planted a rain garden there ?
What If all gutters around the city had similar depressions in them where soil and plants could thrive and drink up some of the extra rain ?
What if the air was cooler and cleaner ?
What if the sewers no longer overflowed when it rained ?
Most runoff flows directly into the city ’s combined sewer , and once the stormwater is in the sewer , you ’ve pretty much lost your chance to do anything useful with it .
And one way or another , we have to pay : we either pay to treat it like sewage – which it is not – at the sewage treatment plant , pay for it ecologically when it overflows with a mixture of sewage into local waterways , or pay for it in that big picture way when , by breaking natural environmental cycles , we perpetuate chronic ills such as urban heat island effect .
So what can we do ?
Interventions that might help alleviate the problem require the support and approval of multiple agency gatekeepers .
The Department of Transportation has to uphold the integrity of the curb , the Department of Parks and Recreation has to sign off on planting , and the Department of Environmental Protection has to inspect specific stormwater overflow mechanisms .
In short , when North Brooklyn Compost Project became interested in testing a stormwater management strategy on a block in Williamsburg , we found that everybody liked the idea , but nobody could say yes .
To get an idea of what this small - scale intervention might accomplish , we enlisted the help of experts from NYC Soil and Water Conservation to analyze the site as though it were a mini watershed .
We learned that our gutter received water from just under .2 acres of roadbed , a “ micro watershed ” indeed .
But as a 100 % impervious paved area , that area can shed almost 5,000 gallons during a 1 - inch storm .
This is what 5,000 gallons of water looks like , more or less :
According to Dr. Paul Mankiewicz at The Gaia Institute , “ every 33 gallons of water captured by natural landscapes and evaporated through green plants each day provides a ton of air conditioning , displacing the amount of energy needed , and the energy cost , of cooling urban areas .
…
About every ten gallons of water captured and fed to trees , shrubs , and herbaceous plants can capture one pound of carbon .
There is no way for plants to capture or fix carbon without this water .
Stormwater capture is essential to the carbon balance of the landscape . ”
Basically , we could look at the 5,000 - gallon storm as a swimming pool - sized problem for our watershed , or we could see it as an opportunity to generate 150 tons of air conditioning and capture 500 pounds of carbon , and rehabilitate the soil ecology .
That ’s how we ended up in the gutter , contemplating the wastes of the city as something potentially incredibly productive .
Unfortunately , good intentions only get you so far .
The Department of Parks and Recreation , in charge of all things vegetated , would not permit existing tree roots to potentially be disturbed or road salt to enter the soil ( despite promises to excavate by hand or the rationale that the curb was already sunken ) .
The Department of Transportation could not permit a curb inlet where cars would parallel park ( again , despite the curb ’s already sunken state ) .
We offered stepping stones in response to concerns over egress , subterranean French drains in response to predictions of turned ankles on varied terrain , but finally , begrudgingly , we had to abandon the site .
In retrospect , our little project never stood a chance .
Even if we arrived at a concept design that appeased both Parks and DOT concerns and still did what we aimed to do in the beginning , who would guarantee maintenance ?
Not to mention the tens of thousands of dollars required for construction grade drawings that the city wanted to even continue the conversation .
So who , if anyone , would be able to implement a project like this in New York City ?
Through the Stormwater Infrastructure Matters ( S.W.I.M. )
Coalition , a network of local community - based organizations and environmental groups , we learned of a handful of gutter projects that had been implemented in New York City , and a larger handful that were struggling just like ours .
Together we wondered , how is the implementation process influencing design ?
How can barriers to implementation be removed ?
And how can we deal with the specific design challenges related to stormwater management in the public right - of - way , a rough third of the entire city ’s surface that is 100 % impervious ?
Minds in the Gutter | Exhibiting Designs
The jury recognized the top designs in the following categories : professional firms with comprehensive or prototypical streetscape designs , specific treatments for sidewalks , designs generated within city agencies , designs submitted by groups of classmates or collaborators , designs generated by collaborations between ongoing community initiatives and technical allies , and finally , an outlier submission involving public education that peaked the jury ’s interest enough to warrant an honorable mention .
Click on any image to launch a slideshow of the selected designs .
The Firms
ARUP | A phased transition from existing conditions to “ shared city ” goal of multi-modal streets for Chambers St. in Manhattan Recognizing the city ’s capacity for change , ARUP developed a phased approach to bring our stormwater system from passive conveyance into active resource .
Starting today , in Phase 0 , the design rolls out on Chambers Street from Centre Street to the Hudson River in Lower Manhattan , through Phase 1 : Porous City , Phase 2 : Botanical City , and finally Phase 3 : Shared City .
dlandstudio | Gowanus Canal Sponge Park
The Sponge Park™ plan from dlandstudio proposes a “ strategy of urban stitching , connecting the public and private lands adjacent to the water , to create a continuous esplanade with recreational spaces ” spanning the Gowanus Canal .
This design calls attention to the complex site control aspect of stormwater management .
Robin Key | Minetta Creek Revisited Robin Key Landscape Architecture selected Carmine Street as their Minds in the Gutter site for its historical hydrologic significance to the island of Manhattan .
An overlay of a 1609 Townsend MacCoun map of Manhattan reveals Minetta Creek as it once flowed south and west along modern day Carmine Street eventually entering a tidal wetland on the banks of the Hudson River .
“ Minetta Creek Revisited ” aims to restore elements of the natural hydrological system that once existed on Carmine Street .
Using a matrix of load bearing modular structures that create voids for uncompacted soils below sections of the sidewalk and street , rainwater is captured , filtered and recharged locally .
W Architecture and Landscape Architecture , LLC | A LIVING MARINE EDGE : a new street prototype for NYC W Architecture and Landscape Architecture identifies the underutilized street ends along 25 % of the city ’s shoreline as an opportunity to apply their prototypical “ marine streets , ” a new edge typology that would mitigate both the upland urban runoff and climatic tidal surges .
Sidewalk Group
Brooklyn Greenroof | Permeable corridor in sidewalk on DeGraw Street in Brooklyn Brooklyn Greenroof proposes retrofitting a percentage of sidewalks with a permeable patchwork of cobbles and various patterned steel grates .
With almost 700 million square feet of sidewalk surface in NYC , modifying just 25 % of the city ’s sidewalk area could capture three hundred million gallons of water annually .
e Design Dynamics LLC in collaboration with Sustainable South Bronx and Drexel University | Capturing stormwater with enhanced tree pits on a sloped street in Hunts Point In collaboration with Sustainable South Bronx and Drexel University , eDesign Dynamics designed this street tree pit to capture 100 cubic feet of runoff , the quantity of runoff that flows by this gutter during a 0.25 inch storm .
Water that has entered the tree pit will spread out virtually unrestricted to cover the entire planting area , allowing for maximum infiltration and evaporation .
Currently , runoff generated from street and sidewalk surfaces rushes down this steepish hill along curbside gutters and into two catch basins located at the lower end of the block , where it enters the combined sewer system .
NYC Department of Environmental Protection with The Gaia Institute | Enhanced tree pits and street - side swales stormwater demonstration project in the Jamaica Bay watershed The Department of Environmental Protection worked with The Gaia Institute on this project as part of a three - year pilot study program to implement and monitor several stormwater management techniques within the Jamaica Bay watershed .
The results of this pilot study will be used by the DEP to develop design guidelines .
Greenstreets |
Two sites from this inter-agency entity ’s roster , one that is built in Brooklyn and one designed for Queens Greenstreets is a citywide greening and urban beautification program created by the New York City Department of Parks & Recreation that converts unused spaces within the right - of - way into small gardens .
Several Greenstreets actively collect stormwater runoff while providing safe thoroughfare for pedestrians and improved urban habitat .
This site , on Church Avenue in Brooklyn , contains a bioswale in the north bed , while the south bed is mounded and planted like a standard Greenstreet .
Previously , the intersection of Church Avenue , 14th Avenue , and 35th Street in Kensington , Brooklyn contained a large striped triangle in the roadbed .
The intersection was being used as a makeshift parking zone for idling MTA buses , making it difficult for pedestrians to cross .
NYC Department of Environmental Protection with Biohabitats / HydroQual / Hazen and Sawyer | Shoelace Park stormwater demonstration concept in the Bronx This design , by the New York City Department of Environmental Protection and a joint venture of consultants , brings water from catch basins along Bronx Boulevard and 224th Street in the Bronx to a series of bioretention areas in Shoelace Park , to direct peak flow from a trouble spot on the road into this permeable area .
The Classmates
HAKA team |
An elevated greenway on Highbridge that irrigates itself from a group of former classmates Former classmates on team HAKA retrofit the Harlem River span Highbridge with a design that repurposes the former aqueduct as a self - irrigating greenway and a stormwater management system that would capture approximately one million gallons of water per year .
Sang-ayunan Team | Rockefeller Plaza ‘ Curbolution ’ from a Cornell student team Team Sang - ayunan , classmates from Cornell University , calls their design a “ Curbolution . ”
They create a pedestrian - friendly new curb for Rockefeller Plaza that tucks a compact bioswale right into the gutter .
The Engineers
Joseph G. and Nicholas Lione | Mini sand columns for catch basins from a father - son engineering duo Joseph G. and Nicholas Lione observed that stormwater is presently collected through storm drains into catch basins , where it rests before flowing into the sewers .
The father - son engineering team asks , “ what if , at the bottom of these basins , there was a hole through which the stormwater could enter the soil beneath ? ”
Collaborations
WE Design with Regional Plan Association and Brooklyn Greenway Initiative | A comprehensive look at West Street in North Brooklyn
When complete , the Brooklyn Waterfront Greenway will be a 14 - mile route connecting neighbors and neighborhoods to four major parks and over a dozen local open spaces on Brooklyn ’s historic waterfront .
WE Design , together with the Regional Plan Association and Brooklyn Greenway Initiative , propose pairing the greenway with “ treatment trains ” that mimic natural hydrology , capturing and treating rainwater .
The design focuses on the northernmost section of the BWG , along West Street in Greenpoint .
North Brooklyn Compost Project in collaboration with NYC Soil and Water Conservation District |
A tree lawn retrofit and subwatershed delineation along the edge of McCarren Park The North Brooklyn Compost Project proposes a tree lawn retrofit that will allow stormwater to enter the lawn and infiltrate through a rain garden on N. 12th Street in Brooklyn .
Partners at the NYC Soil and Water Conservation District delineated the site ’s subwatershed and estimated the garden would need to gulp down 5,000 gallons of stormwater during a 1 - inch storm .
Honorable Mention
Connecting.nyc |
A special nod for this concept for an education program targeting the Flushing Bay community
This design took Minds in the Gutter figuratively , proposing a way to get people thinking about stormwater and the pollution it triggers when it matters most .
Connecting.nyc seeks to organize a “ Flushing Community ” ( starting with Flushing , Queens … of course ) to stop pollution at its source by creating awareness of the consequences of flushing during periods of rain , when combined sewer overflow delivers the contents of your toilet bowl directly to your local waterway .
The first viewing of the Minds in the Gutter designs took place on Earth Day , Thursday , April 22 , 6:30 pm at the Museum of the City of New York .
Deborah Marton , Executive Director of the Design Trust for Public Space , moderated a panel discussion about the submissions , featuring some of the competition ’s jurors , exhibiting designers and representatives of the S.W.I.M. Coalition .
Minds in the Gutter was made possible by the New York City Environmental Fund
Kate Zidar is an Environmental Planner working on soil , water and food issues in New York City .
She coordinates the Stormwater Infrastructure Matters ( S.W.I.M. )
Coalition , teaches at Pratt Institute ’s Graduate Center for Planning and the Environment , and runs the North Brooklyn Compost Project .
Listed at a cool $ 280,000,000.00 THB ( Thailand Baht ) or approx .
$ 8.66 million USD , this gorgeous 4 - bedroom villa can be yours today !
A beautiful oceanfront property on the beach of Kamala in Phuket , Thailand ; this property resides on a secluded stretch of coastline on the western part of the coast .
I could n’t find much information on the residence beyond what was available from the listing and most of the content was just fluff about tranquility and the timelessness of the design ( insert rolly - eyes ) .
Thankfully there ’s plenty of pretty pictures for you to draw your own conclusions !
It makes me want to go back to Thailand that ’s for sure !
Various tidbits of information sprinkled throughout , enjoy 🙂
Love the chandelier , unsure of the artwork hanging on the right
To infinity and beyond !
PROPERTY OVERVIEW
Type : Villa
Location : Kamala , Phuket , Thailand
Bedrooms : 4
Bathroom : 4
Interior : 739 sq meters ( 7,955 sq ft )
Terraces : 796 sq meters ( 8,568 sq ft )
Lot Size : 3,760 sq meters ( 0.93 acres )
Built : < 1 year
Direct waterfront access
Orientation : South - West
Sweet headboard , I can only assume there are automatic blinds
Nice wide basin and lovely faucet
Not my style of chair but works with the room
ADDITIONAL HIGHLIGHTS
– Comes furnished
– Nestled within a gated community
– Guard House
– Guest house
– In - ground pool
– Sauna
– Wine room
– Cinema room
Incredible !
Is the rock real ?
Flawless victory
Almost 8,600 sq ft of terraces !
FINISHING TOUCHES
– Features a Minotti minimalist kitchen
– Black hardwood terracing , marble tiles and granite floors throughout
– Plate glass vanities and shower screens with pebble and bamboo inclusions
– Iridescent beaded bathtubs and glass stairways
– Bespoke , hand crafted , fibre optic installations by Sharon Marston in the living / dining space , and again in the master bedroom pavilion
Probably just the angle , but the fan looks tiny !
Amazing walk - out in the morning wow
ALL INFORMATION AND IMAGES VIA HUNTER SOTHEBY ’S PROPERTY LISTING
Love the glass wall and bamboo !
Just beachy !
If you enjoyed this article , the Sifter highly recommends : HOW TO BUILD A MANSION WHEN THE LAW PROHIBITS IT
The CERN Directory
Search for what you need , or browse CERN websites .
Looking for the Scientists or CERN Community sections , or just curious about CERN ?
People on a skiff shot at the USS Ashland approximately 330 nautical miles off the coast of Djibouti .
The Ashland shot back , the U.S. Fifth Fleet said .
The skiff caught fire and the people abandoned the skiff .
The Ashland deployed rigid - hull inflatable boats to assist the six suspected pirates in the water near their skiff .
They were brought on board the Ashland and received medical care .
There were no injuries to the Ashland crew and no apparent damage to the ship , the U.S. Fifth Fleet said .
Updated : New iPhone Developer Agreement Bans the Use of Third - Party Analytics and Services
The updated iPhone Developer Agreement includes stringent clauses around the acceptable use of storing , transmitting , and processing user data .
Here is the updated section 3.3.9 in its entirety .
I have added emphasis to clauses I would like to highlight :
3.3.9
The following requirements apply to You and Your Application ’s use , collection , processing , maintenance , uploading , syncing , storage , transmission , sharing and disclosure of User Data : – All use of User Data collected or obtained through an Application must be limited to the same purpose as necessary to provide services or functionality for such Application .
For example , the use of User Data collected on and used in a social networking Application could be used for the same purpose on the website version of that Application ; however , the use of location - based User Data for enabling targeted advertising in an Application is prohibited unless targeted advertising is the purpose of such Application ( e.g. , a geo- location coupon application ) .
–
You may only provide or disclose User Data to third parties as necessary for providing services or functionality for the Application that collected the User Data , and then only if You receive express user consent .
For example , if Your Application would like to post a message from a user to a third party social networking site , then You may only share the message if the user has explicitly indicated an intention to share it by clicking or selecting a button or checking a box that clearly explains how the message will be shared .
– Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement , Device Data may not be provided or disclosed to a third party without Apple ’s prior written consent .
Accordingly , the use of third party software in Your Application to collect and send Device Data to a third party for processing or analysis is expressly prohibited .
–
You must provide information to users regarding Your use and / or Transmission of User Data and explain how Your Application will use User Data , e.g. , by providing information in the App Store marketing text that accompanies Your Application on the App Store , by adding an About box within Your Application , or by adding a link to Your privacy policy on Your website .
–
You and the Application must take appropriate steps to protect any User Data from unauthorized disclosure or access .
If a user ceases to consent to Your use and / or Transmission of User Data , You must promptly cease all such use and / or Transmission and destroy any such information from Your records ( except to the limited extent necessary for Your Application back - ups and record - keeping or as otherwise prohibited by law ) .
Location Based Advertising
The first emboldened clause states that location based advertisements can only be included in advertisements whose only goal is providing location based advertising .
My interpretation of this clause is that unless an application ’s sole purpose is providing location based advertisements in the form of nearby coupons , offers , or sales , then location based advertisements are not allowed .
This is interesting , because the promise of applications like FourSquare , Gowalla , and Loopt is that through a social network of seeing where your friends are , businesses will be able to add value to the experience by targeting users most likely to make a real - world purchase – if I check in to a store at the mall , what better opportunity for a business five stores down to promote their sale .
The line here is unclear in that I do n’t use FourSquare ( or any other check - in service ) for the sole purpose of finding nearby deals , but rather to see where my friends are .
The language in the Developer Agreement suggests that check - in services like the aforementioned will not be able to provide auxiliary location based ads .
Ad networks looking to capitalize on the promise of location based advertisements will undoubtedly have a lot of qualms with this clause as it effectively eliminates the ability to provide fine - grained location targeting with GPS or AGPS , leaving the traditional city - level IP - Table lookups as the only means of approximating a user ’s location .
One has to question whether iAd will adhere to these same targeting guidelines .
Third - Party Data Providers
The second emboldened clause spells trouble for third - party providers building services on top of the iPhone ecosystem , including analytics companies , data stores like SimpleGeo , and potentially third - party ad networks .
The clause states that an application can not include a third - party library which sends data to their servers for “ processing ” .
I put processing in quotes because it ’s an overloaded term that could mean a lot of things –
If I throw some data into a database and count how much disc space I ’ve used , that could be considered “ processing ” .
It is unclear whether this bans third - party ad networks as all of them receive data from the device and run optimization analysis in some capacity .
Whether or not Apple will enforce all current applications running networks like AdMob or MediaLets to switch to iAd remains to be seen , but the move would be highly controversial and would spark a giant clusterfuck of anti-trust violations from Google and the like .
The clause all but signals the death of third - party analytics software built to provide application developers information about how their applications are being used ( Disclaimer : I was the co-founder of AppLoop , which we shut down about 14 months ago ) .
The web example of these services is Google Analytics , which provides millions of people with useful information to optimize their websites and provide better user experiences .
Apple previously did n’t make a public stance forbidding the use of third - party analytics tools like Flurry ( which acquired Pinch Media a few months ago ) , MediaLets , or MobClix , but it is hard to put a spin on this agreement which would allow these services to operate under the new agreement .
This move comes at somewhat of a surprise given how important customer feedback is in the product development cycle – iPhone AppStore review quality is mediocre at best , and there really is no other way to optimize how applications are used to improve quality ( something Apple has previously touted ) .
If this is enforced , it will leave a gaping opportunity for Android developers to listen to their customers , improve application quality , and bring the Android ecosystem on par with the AppStore in terms of content quality , quantity , and diversity .
In all , the updates to section 3.3.9 allow Apple to selectively enforce whatever they want on whoever they want .
Although they ’re already doing this to some extent , the updated terms allow them to do so legitimately .
Update 4/14/2010
Venturebeat has posted an email received from an iPhone developer who received a response from Apple regarding Flurry , which was one of the analytics companies mentioned in this post :
We ’ve reviewed your application and determined that we cannot post this version of your iPhone application to the App Store .
It is not appropriate for applications to gather user analytics .
Specifically , you may not collect anonymous play data from a user ’s game .
A screenshot of this issue has been attached for your reference .
In order for your application to be reconsidered for the App Store , please resolve this issue and upload your new binary to iTunes Connect .
It appears as if Apple is calling an audible on the new agreement as they do n’t yet have definitive standards internally for what they will and will not allow :
They basically said the new clauses are for 4.0 ( not accepting 4.0 apps yet ) and they have n’t decided what will be allowed and what wo n’t be allowed .
They said they will discuss with guys like [ mobile analytics vendor ]
Flurry , etc .
This will be one to watch .
It ’s almost certain that Analytics companies just got shot in the foot , but the real question will be whether Apple forces developers to switch from Admob or MediaLets to its own proprietary iAd advertising network .
I will reiterate this from my original post : the updates to section 3.3.9 allow Apple to selectively enforce whatever they want on whoever they want .
Published online 25 February 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.121
News
Non-infectious form of prion protein could cause brain degeneration .
Prion proteins may react with amyloid -β peptides inside the brain cells of Alzheimer 's patients .
Thomas Deerinck NCMIR / Science Photo Library
Non-infectious prion proteins found in the brain may contribute to Alzheimer 's disease , researchers have found .
The surprising new results , reported this week in Nature1 , show that normal prion proteins produced naturally in the brain interact with the amyloid -β peptides that are hallmarks of Alzheimer 's disease .
Blocking this interaction in preparations made from mouse brains halted some neurological defects caused by the accumulation of amyloid -β peptide .
It was previously thought that only infectious prion proteins , rather than their normal , non-infectious counterparts , played a role in brain degeneration .
The results have yet to be confirmed in humans , but suggest that targeting the non-infectious prion protein ( PrPc ) could provide an alternative route to treating Alzheimer 's disease .
" The need is huge , " says Paul Aisen , an Alzheimer 's researcher based at the neurosciences department of the University of California , San Diego .
" And it 's great news for the field when a new idea is brought forth with strong evidence that can lead to new therapeutic strategies . "
Proteins misbehaving
Alzheimer 's disease has long been linked to the build - up of amyloid -β peptides , first into relatively short chains known as oligomers , and then eventually into the long , sticky fibrils that form plaques in the brain .
The oligomeric form of the peptide is thought to be toxic , but exactly how it acts in the brain is unknown .
Stephen Strittmatter and his colleagues at Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut searched for brain cell proteins that interact with amyloid -β oligomers .
To their surprise , they found PrPc , the normal , non-infectious prion protein .
Normal prion proteins are produced naturally in the brain , but can cause disease when they come into contact with an infectious form of the protein ( PrPSc ) that folds into an unusual conformation .
These infectious prions convert innocuous prion proteins into the infectious form , which forms clumps and leads to neurodegenerative diseases , such as variant Creutzfeldt - Jakob disease , the human form of mad cow disease .
Strittmatter 's team found that in brain slices taken from mice that were engineered to lack the prion protein , amyloid -β did not cause defects in a process called long - term potentiation , which is important for long - term memory formation .
Similarly , using an antibody to block the prion protein also prevented damage caused by the errant amyloid -β peptides .
Therapeutic potential
Researchers have struggled to determine what prion proteins normally do in the brain .
Mice that lack the protein appear largely normal , with possible minor deficits in the generation of new neurons and responses to stress .
A recent study found evidence that the prion protein may also be necessary for mice to have a normal sense of smell2 .
Nevertheless , the results in mice suggest that blocking the protein may have unwanted side - effects , says Lennart Mucke , a neurologist at the Gladstone Institute of Neurological Disease in San Francisco , California .
Although some are already at work to develop drugs that target the prion protein , these programmes target the infectious form of the protein and may not be useful in warding off Alzheimer 's disease .
ADVERTISEMENT
But Strittmatter and his colleagues mapped the region of the prion protein that interacts with amyloid -β , giving researchers a clear target in the search for inhibitors of this interaction .
Mucke , meanwhile , points out that an enzyme called α- secretase can cleave the prion protein at a site that would prevent it from binding to amyloid -β.
This same enzyme can also cleave amyloid -β itself , meaning that enhancing that enzyme's activity could yield two strikes against Alzheimer 's disease .
Although more work needs to be done to confirm the results in animal and human studies , Aisen says Alzheimer 's disease researchers will welcome a new target in the fight against the frustrating disease .
Clinical trials are underway to test drugs that aim to reduce the levels of amyloid -β in the brain , but researchers are pessimistic about ever driving amyloid -β levels down to zero .
Meanwhile , treatments already on the market target symptoms of the disease , and not it 's underlying cause .
" The treatments we have for Alzheimer 's disease today are symptomatic and entirely inadequate , " says Aisen .
" There 's no question that we need treatments that target the mechanisms behind neurodegeneration in Alzheimer 's disease . "
Castros Forever
When Fidel Castro stepped down in 2008 , handing over power officially to his brother Raúl , few were surprised .
But the effortless manner of the transition caught everyone off guard :
After nearly a half - century as Cuba ’s strongman leader , Fidel largely disappeared from view , popping up only occasionally to prove his good health or comment on international developments .
Ann Louise Bardach , a journalist who has spent the last two decades following the ins and outs of Cuban politics , spending hours with the Castro family over that time , may have been the person best - placed in the world to chronicle the transition , which Fidel himself had prophesied to her years earlier in an interview .
Bardach ’s recently released Without Fidel : A Death Foretold in Miami , Havana , and Washington is now the authoritative book about Cuba under Raúl .
She spoke to Foreign Policy about how the two brothers differ , Cuba ’s dependence on Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez , and why there ’s no end in sight to the Castro era .
Foreign Policy : I want to start by asking about Raúl Castro .
What distinguishes his leadership from that of his brother ?
Ann Louise Bardach :
He is a below - the - radar guy .
As much as Fidel craved the limelight , Raúl eschews the limelight .
After the revolution , Fidel told Raúl that he was n’t much of a speaker , and so Fidel got [ his brother ] a speech teacher .
But it never took .
Raúl sort of delights in having almost a charisma deficit .
It may be for the Cuban people that they ’ve had too much charisma , so I ca n’t say that it ’s to his [ detriment ] .
The Cuban people may have heard all they need to hear for quite a while .
FP : What was the motivation behind the " purge " that happened last year , in which several prominent members of the government were removed ?
ALB : A lot of people do n’t realize that there ’s been a purge of the government about every 10 years since the revolution .
They always say [ that ] these purges are being done for corruption , but the people who are expelled are always regarded as " insufficiently revolutionary , " which means there are doubts about their loyalty to the Castros .
With this one last March , they took out 20 of the top members of the Cuban government in one fell swoop , including [ cabinet secretary ]
Carlos Lage and [ head of the Communist Party ’s foreign - relations department ]
Fernando Remírez de Estenoz , who was the point man on Elián González .
These were huge figures .
They took them down with the stroke of a pen , and they had them under surveillance for over a year .
Two of these men — Lage and Felipe Pérez Roque , who was the foreign minister — were forced to write these letters apologizing to Raúl and apologizing for their sins against the government .
It was truly a Stalinist moment .
FP : Let ’s talk about Ramiro Valdés , whom you mention in your book as an important figure .
ALB : Valdés is one of the last of the original Moncadistas [ the small group of revolutionaries who began the Cuban Revolution with an attack on the Moncada barracks ] , but it ’s more than that .
Valdés quickly ascended to the top by becoming in charge of seguridad — what we would think of in our country as the secret police .
And particularly , he took over an arm called G - 2 for domestic surveillance .
He was very notorious for his ruthlessness against civilians and for a program he started called UMAP in the 60s .
Thousands of people were rounded up and sent to rehabilitation camps .
It was one of the darkest periods in Cuban history , and it was the first time the international intelligentsia turned against Cuba .
Valdés then went on to become hugely powerful and feared in Cuba in all intelligence matters and [ later served as ] minister of the interior .
I ’ve been in rooms in Cuba where you say the name " Ramiro Valdés " and it will literally clear the room .
It ’s a name to be feared .
Valdés was supposed to have fallen from power [ in the 1990s ] .
[ But ] he came back , and now he ’s been given a slot in the Council of Ministers and the Council of State .
I would say he ’s the third - most powerful man in Cuba .
In Cuba , whoever serves as No. 3 has a history of going to the pokey .
My advice to Valdés would be cuidado : Be careful .
You may have history , you may have 55 years with the brothers , but you would be the first to survive being No. 3 .
Raúl [ recently sent Valdés ] to Hugo Chávez to serve as Chávez ’s Cuban baby sitter and make sure he does n’t lose control in Caracas .
Because if Chávez does lose control , then Cuba is toast .
Cuba is surviving on the 100,000 barrels of oil they get every day from Chávez .
That ’s how important Valdés is .
He ’s there to tell Chávez how to run an authoritarian state and get rid of these pesky democratic intuitions , people who want to run against you , banks that want to own their own banks , and these companies that want to own their own companies .
FP : There ’s been so much stuff about a Cuban infiltration of the Chávez government .
What ’s going on here ?
ALB : The relationship between Hugo Chávez and Fidel Castro is one of the rare authentic , personal relationships in politics .
Chávez has a personal , deeply felt self - devotion to Castro .
He ’s referred to him as a surrogate father .
And that ’s Fidel ’s favorite role : the patriarch of the country .
Castro once told me that if he ’d made any mistakes — and he said that he had n’t — it would be that he had been too patriarchal .
Fidel truly saved Chávez ’s bacon during the attempted coup [ against the latter in 2002 ] .
Chávez owes a lot to Fidel , but that said , he ’s paying for it through the nose , and it ’s not making him popular in Venezuela .
He ’s providing oil on terms that would rival Santa Claus .
But on the other hand , Chávez entirely trusts Fidel and is willing to let him dispatch Ramiro Valdés to Caracas to basically supervise him and teach him the lessons — the perils — of playing with democratic reform .
Clearly , I think Raúl and the [ Cuban ] army are a little worried about Chávez .
I think they regard him as a man who lacks discipline .
I do n’t want to say that they think he ’s bipolar , but there are concerns about his mood swings .
If his mood swings the wrong way , what does that mean for Cuba ?
FP : You have reported on Cuba for such a long time .
How do you see it changing ?
What direction do you see things moving for the everyday Cuban ?
ALB : Raúl and his men , with Fidel serving as the " convalescent in chief , " are digging in .
They ’re in a tight spot because the country is bankrupt .
It has not been paying its bill to its foreign investors .
It has eliminated the ration cards , workers ’ lunches … and many Cubans have really depended on these to survive .
We ’re in a global economic recession , and it ’s just harder on Third World countries , much less a country that already had a failed economic system like Cuba .
[ But ] the government has decided , rather than to provide more openings , to ratchet down .
You can see that in the rhetoric with [ U.S. President Barack ] Obama .
It started out very warm and fuzzy .
Obama offered the olive branch .
Next thing you know , the foreign minister is calling him " arrogant . "
That ’s not to say that this is like a Stalinist gulag .
It ’s a very repressive , authoritarian country .
There are some openings .
You can always complain in Cuba .
And you can always have a lot of sex .
Sex , baseball , and complaining are the national pastimes of Cuba .
And they encourage these things in a very personal , private way — except of course , baseball — which gives Cubans just enough space to let off enough steam .
The problem is when you start complaining publicly , [ and then ] you go to the pokey .
FP : You talk in your book about how meticulously planned the succession from Fidel to Raúl was .
ALB : Fidel told me himself .
When I first interviewed him in 1993 for Vanity Fair , he told me — and I do n’t know if I paid attention to it at the time — he said , " Never doubt for a moment that the government will stop .
The transition is planned and it will be seamless . "
And he ’s absolutely right .
Of course , he did n’t come out and say , " It will be my brother . "
FP : What about after Raúl and [ Fidel ] Castro are both gone ?
Is there a plan for who might be a possible successor ?
ALB : I ’m banking on more Castros .
I know a lot [ of ] people do n’t want to hear this , but I ’m looking at Alejandro Castro Espín , Raúl ’s son .
He ’s got two portfolios — intelligence and China — and those are major portfolios .
And I ’m looking at the son -[ in ] - law of Raúl [ his daughter Déborah ’s husband ] , Col. Luis Alberto Rodríguez López - Callejas .
He ’s a hugely powerful man .
And then you have Mariela Castro , who would of course be the great white hope .
All democrats and progressives are pining for Mariela because she is the bohemian .
She has talked about opening up , about democracy .
She ’s instituted rights for homosexuals ; she ’s provided for free transgendered sex surgery .
You ca n’t get an aspirin in Cuba , but thanks to Mariela , you can get free transgender surgery .
God help you if you ’re looking for a Band - Aid .
He believes that chances for passage are good .
A similar bill was incorporated into legislation that passed the House in 2008 , but it was not taken up by the Senate .
Now , with Obama offering many more leases for bidding than were at stake in the 2008 bill , advocates hope that the political environment is riper for passage .
Markey has drafted legislation that would require any company seeking to bid on the new offshore sites to first renegotiate the disputed leases — and resume payments to federal coffers .
“ We ’ve not been happy about this , ’’ David Hayes , the second - ranking official at the Department of the Interior , said in an interview .
“ We need congressional action to deal with it . ’’
Oil companies contend they are playing by rules that Congress wrote to encourage exploration for oil ; the Obama administration counters that lawmakers never intended to forgo royalties for drilling in federal waters once the price of oil spiked .
But one of the oil companies challenged the price trigger , and won a long - fought court case last year that is forcing the government to refund $ 2 billion in royalties that had already been paid .
Moreover , because of the ruling , the government wo n’t get up to $ 53 billion in future royalties — a major hit for taxpayers .
Deep - water drilling is both difficult and expensive .
It takes place up to 220 miles offshore and at depths that can exceed 7,500 feet .
In 1995 , Congress sought to spearhead deep - water oil exploration by granting companies relief from some royalties .
The government interpreted the law as allowing royalties to be collected once the price of oil reached a certain price .
“ As oil prices are high and rising , this is an outrage and something that is completely unjustifiable , ’’ he said .
“ What most people do n’t know is that under a poorly drafted law in the 1990s , oil companies [ that ] received leases between 1996 and 2000 in the Gulf of Mexico are now drilling on public land for free , ’’ said Markey , chairman of the House subcommittee on Energy and Environment .
At issue is a hotly contested law that , as read by the court , has allowed companies to avoid paying royalties on oil drilled in the Gulf of Mexico .
Critics , including Representative Edward J. Markey of Malden — who plans to introduce legislation next week — now seek to force companies such as ExxonMobil and Shell to begin paying on those existing leases as a condition of obtaining new ones .
WASHINGTON — President Obama ’s pledge last week to open huge areas for offshore drilling does more than expand potential oil and gas production .
It creates an opportunity to pressure oil companies to pay billions of dollars for past deep - water oil production if they want to drill in the new areas .
The Obama administration has not yet taken a position on the legislation .
It is reviewing the proposal and other options before deciding how it wants to proceed .
The government typically extracts payments from companies that remove energy resources from federal holdings , from Rocky Mountain mines to federal waters .
Oil companies pay upfront bidding fees to obtain leases and pay taxes on profits if the leases reach production .
But the biggest revenue stream to the government typically is the royalty based on the value of the oil and gas discovered .
The court decision that suspended payment of royalties on the 1996 - 2000 deep - water leases was a bonanza for oil companies .
Of more than 1,000 leases at stake , at least 70 are in production , with more expected , the Interior Department said .
The leases are expected to be even more lucrative as the economy improves and the price of oil goes up , while the cost of such drilling technology goes down .
After losing its appeal , the government began several weeks ago to refund $ 2 billion in royalties already paid , including $ 31 million to ExxonMobil and $ 102 million to Shell oil company .
A spokesman for ExxonMobil declined to comment and officials at Shell did not respond to a request for comment .
Government officials say the loss of future royalties will have the biggest impact , estimated to be between $ 20 billion and $ 53 billion , depending on the price of oil .
The leases last as long as the site is productive , which can be several decades .
“ We are losing tons of money .
Those leases turned out to be immensely profitable , ’’ said Frank Rusco , director of the Natural Resources and Environment branch of the Government Accountability Office , the investigative arm of Congress .
The oil industry says it plans to fight efforts by Markey and others to revive royalty payments .
Cathy Landry , spokeswoman for the American Petroleum Institute , which represents many of the nation ’s oil companies , said it is unfair for members of Congress to try to change the rules after the court decision .
“ They did it at the time when prices were really low and they were trying to encourage development , ’’ she said .
“ Maybe this was an oversight on their part , but at the time , I do n’t think too many people would have thought oil prices would have gotten to $ 130 per barrel or $ 50 a barrel .
But you ca n’t say , ‘ Well , we meant this all along . ’ ’’
Oil industry representatives stress that , aside from questions about royalty payments , the program to kick - start deep - water drilling has been a resounding success , creating thousands of jobs , spurring new technologies , and producing large amounts of oil and natural gas .
Hayes , the deputy secretary of the Interior Department , said that the administration is also focusing on fixing other problems in the lease program .
For example , federal investigators last year told Congress that the US government has one of the world ’s lowest royalty rates for oil and gas leases , ranking 93d out of 104 governmental agencies in different countries .
Moreover , unlike in some other countries , the US government does not automatically change its royalty rates according to market conditions , according to the testimony from an official of the GAO .
“ We are looking at this really across the board :
Is the American taxpayer getting fair value for use of these resources ? ’’
Hayes said .
Companies that bid on the leases to the newly opened areas are likely to have to pay at least the current royalty rate of about 18 percent .
The Obama administration , meanwhile , has suggested that one way to make up for the lost royalties is to impose a new tax on companies that successfully challenged payments .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
The U.S. electrical grid is the largest interconnected machine on Earth : 200,000 miles of high - voltage transmission lines and 5.5 million miles of local distribution lines , linking thousands of generating plants to factories , homes and businesses .
The National Academy of Engineering ranks it as the greatest engineering achievement of the 20th century .
What it cannot do is support the massive shift to low - carbon power that scientists warn will be needed to avoid catastrophic climate change impacts .
To shrink the electricity sector 's carbon footprint , experts say , the nation needs to build thousands of miles of new transmission lines over the next 20 years to connect more renewable resources to electricity demand centers .
A 21st - century grid will also have to balance fluctuating power flows from wind and solar generation , small - scale distributed sources , and plug - in electric vehicles .
And it must be interactive so that customers can manage their electricity use .
The transition is already under way , although it means different things for different companies .
Firms that operate long - distance transmission lines , such as the Independent System Operators that manage regional grids in New York , New England and the Midwest , are adding sensors , phasors , and other devices invisible to non-engineers , that give them much more precise control over the system .
Better control will help utilities add more renewable power , a challenge now because wind and solar energy are intermittent sources , and grid operators can't always react quickly when their output fluctuates .
" The whole power system is engineered to balance demand and supply at every second , which means that control over generators is really important , " said energy consultant Peter Fox -Penner , a principal with The Brattle Group and author of Smart Power : Climate Change , the Smart Grid , and the Future of Electric Utilities ( Island Press , 2010 ) .
" But if you have really up - to - date information on all the flows on your grid , you can tolerate a little more variability .
The smart grid will monitor everything at a very , very fine level of detail and reacts really fast , so operators will have time to fire up another plant if wind speed drops or a big cloud formation reduces solar output . "
Suppliers such as utilities that deliver power directly to homes and businesses are focusing on a more visible element of the smart grid : meters .
Today the grid transmits information one way - from utility to customer - and most meters only show power usage for the current billing period .
What 's more , power companies charge the same rate for every kilowatt - hour of electricity that 's consumed , even though the cost of generating electricity can change dramatically during the day .
Since users do n't see how much power they are using or how much it costs in real time to generate it , they have little incentive to conserve energy or shift their use to off - peak hours .
To crack this problem retail power suppliers are installing advanced metering systems ( smart meters and wireless communications systems and databases to support them ) .
Advanced metering lets utilities show customers how much electricity they use at different times of day and how much that power costs .
With regulators ' approval , power companies can also use time - based pricing , charging customers based on the actual cost of power .
There are many ways to structure time - based pricing : some suppliers charge more for certain blocks of time when demand is typically high , like weekday afternoons , while others raise prices sharply on selected days when the grid is under heavy stress , as on the hottest days of summer .
But all of these programs aim to shift consumption away from high - demand periods .
Baltimore Gas and Electric Co. expects to reduce peak demand by 2014 by about 1,500 megawatts , or more than 20 percent of total peak load .
" That 's the equivalent of a new nuclear power plant , at a fraction of the cost of building new generation , " said Mark Case , senior vice president for strategy and regulatory affairs for the utility , which is preparing to deploy two million smart meters and other energy management devices across its central Maryland territory over the next four years and initiate time - based pricing .
Last fall BGE received $ 200 million in stimulus funds from the Obama administration , part of $ 4.3 billion in national smart grid stimulus grants .
The company expects to spend about $ 500 million in total on the program and projects that it will save BGE customers more than $ 2.6 billion .
The main reason for peak - shifting is economic , Fox -Penner said :
It reduces the utility 's cost to provide power at high - demand times .
But peak - shifting can also reduce carbon emissions , although the climate impact depends on what kind of plants utilities would otherwise call into service to meet peak demand .
BGE 's peak reductions , for instance , will reduce the need to call on old and relatively dirty coal plants , eliminating significant carbon emissions , Case said .
The bigger climate payoff from smart metering comes as customers reduce electricity consumption throughout the year .
Studies in the U.S. , Canada and Australia have shown that providing real - time information about electricity use and costs can reduce energy use , although some customers are more receptive than others to smart metering and time - based pricing .
Manufacturers are designing smart thermostats and appliances that will adjust power use automatically in response to price signals from smart meters , an approach known as " prices to devices . "
General Electric is already marketing hot water heaters that can link to smart meters .
Whirlpool plans to manufacture one million smart clothes dryers by 2011 , and has pledged that by 2015 all of its electronically controlled appliances will be smart grid - compatible worldwide .
Although utilities are running smart grid pilot projects across the U.S. , including cities in New York , Texas , Florida , Colorado , and California , recent polls show that only about 20 to 30 percent of Americans know what the smart grid is .
But large majorities of those who have heard about it think that seeing data on their power usage will help them save energy .
Bearing out those views , studies show that consumers who have real - time information about their energy use reduce their total consumption by about five percent on average .
" When customers get enough data about how their electricity use affects their bill , they get interested , " said Ellen Vancko , a senior advisor with the Union of Concerned Scientists who has also worked in the electric power industry .
" You can see it with other purchases - people will drive past three service stations to buy gas from one that charges a cent less per gallon , because they can see the prices .
The more information customers get and the more ability they have to act on it , the more successful smart metering programs will be . "
As electric vehicles start to penetrate the market , smart metering will also help utilities manage growing power requirements to charge cars at homes and workplaces .
" A single vehicle charging at 220 volts can double a household 's peak power usage , so it will be critical to make sure they do n't all plug into the grid at 6 p.m. , " said Case .
" That will become part of home energy management packages , and we also will probably be able to interrupt charging if it 's needed to make sure that the grid is operating reliably . "
In January the Energy Department 's Pacific Northwest National Laboratory released a study estimating that developing a full - scale smart grid in the U.S. by 2030 could reduce annual carbon emissions from the electric power sector by some 442 million metric tons , about 12 percent , equivalent to the output from 66 average coal - fired power plants .
The smart grid would reduce emissions in many ways , including linking in more renewable power sources and educating consumers about their own energy use .
Partial deployment of a smart grid in some areas would yield proportionally smaller payoffs .
Some interest groups are less enthusiastic , especially advocates for low - income and elderly consumers , who worry that advanced metering will make it easier to cut off customers ' electricity and that managing home energy use will be too difficult for their members .
For example , the American Association of Retired Persons argues that ratepayers should be able to choose whether to shift to dynamic pricing , and that retirees , the ill and the disabled may not be able to move their energy use to off - peak periods .
" Unaffordable home energy poses a serious and increasing threat to the health and well - being of a growing number of older people in low - and moderate - income households .
For many of these households , high and volatile home energy prices jeopardize the use of home heating and cooling and increase the prospect of exposure to temperatures that are too hot in summer and too cold in winter , " said Dean Sagar , AARP 's director of livable communities .
Smart grid advocates say that carefully designed pilot programs and extensive testing - backed by strong oversight from public utility commissions - can minimize negative impacts like these .
Moreover , they argue , utilities have no choice : without a more sophisticated grid that can integrate low - carbon sources , the power industry will not be able to meet state renewable energy targets ( which mandate a fivefold increase in renewable electricity use by 2030 ) or accommodate large numbers of electric vehicles .
" The smart grid is coming , inevitably , " said Fox -Penner .
" The only question is how bumpy the transition will be . "
Jennifer Weeks is a freelance reporter based near Boston , Mass .
DailyClimate.org is a nonprofit news service that covers climate change .
February 2 - 5 . The Dramatic Rise of Anxiety and Depression in Children and Adolescents : Is It Connected to the Decline in Play and Rise in Schooling ?
Another question is : why exactly are kids being more and more controlled ?
I think it has something to do with ratcheting :
For some reason , we humans find it easier to gradually tighten than to gradually loosen .
This terrible habit has led to almost every unbearable tightening and catastrophic loosening in history .
I do n't know what to do about it .
The article also mentions that kids are being trained to have extrinsic goals : money , status , material possessions , power over others .
In almost any time and place in history , that value system would be foolish .
But in the USA from 1950 - 1985 , it actually made sense .
Americans had so much power that you could reasonably expect to set and achieve extrinsic goals .
Now that the Empire is declining , extrinsic goals are no longer realistic , and we need to shift back to an intrinsic value system , where we do what we find most meaningful and follow it where it leads .
Here 's the Amazon page for Alfie Kohn , who has spent his life researching how much better people perform when they have freedom to do what they love .
February 7 . Today I watched the Super Bowl ads , because I believe they are a window into the American collective unconscious .
Of course , the surface message , that the meaning of life is to purchase products , is pure top - down propaganda .
But there can also be a bottom - up message , if the ads are resonating with popular feelings .
The big theme I noticed was people overcoming dangers and disasters , usually by doing nothing or being completely irresponsible .
A guy gets away from a Road Warrior gang by throwing his wife out of the car .
A guy sleepwalks past deadly wild animals .
Montgomery Burns loses his entire fortune but becomes happy when someone gives him the advertised product .
Astronomers discover that an asteroid is about to strike , and spend their final hours partying , and then the asteroid turns out to be tiny and harmless .
In the most troubling ad , a plane crashes on an island , a woman finds a radio to call for rescue , and everyone ignores her to happily consume the advertised product .
Again , I see this as a glimpse of how people are feeling :
We find ourselves in the middle of a catastrophe , cut off from the rest of the world , but rather than try to reconnect with it , we want to indulge in shallow pleasures and not think about our long term needs .
February 8 - 10 .
Everyone is talking about the Audi Green Police Super Bowl ad .
Here 's the reddit / environment comment thread about it , which covers the popular reaction , " Yes , we 're headed for a green police state , " the green reaction , " Oh no , this is discrediting our whole movement , " and many other perspectives .
I do n't think the people who made the ad had any sinister plans at all .
They were simply noticing a popular sentiment , fear of an ecological police state , and going with it .
So the deeper question is : why are Americans so horrified of a police state justified by saving the Earth , when they have happily accepted a police state justified by fear of the enemy tribe ?
I can think of three answers .
First , the story of the war - on - terror tightens and solidifies the tribal identity , or you could call it the collective ego .
It makes people more certain of their existing ideas about who they are .
But the story of save - the - earth challenges the tribal identity .
It asks people to dissolve and expand their sense of who they are , and most Americans find that painful .
February 12 .
Google is in trouble for Google Buzz , some kind of Facebook thingy in which they enrolled all gmail users without our consent .
A reader comments :
How much privacy a person has , is often an indication of what position they hold in a hierarchy .
Who gets the corner office ?
Who gets a desk in the middle of an open area ?
Who gets nothing like any of that ?
Who will spend most of their work hours on some kind of service counter , right out in the middle of everyone ?
What do they do with new army recruits ?
Boarding school students ?
Cult members ?
They even sleep together in big open dorms , right ?
All the way down to the homeless , forced to eat , sleep , and piss right out in public view , all the time .
Now , what does all of this constant twittering and face - booking and beeping and cell - phoning teach the generations who are growing up accepting that they must always be available , to 100 different people and organizations all at the same time ?
It has nearly nothing to do with efficiency or profit or anything except making sure that everyone knows their place .
February 19 .
Mind - blowing reddit comment on mythical oil :
In the future , even if there is n't a collapse , there will be no crude oil from the ground .
Records will exist of it , but future people will have no material example of the substance our society runs on .
Crude oil might be seen as a mythical , magical substance , something made up .
Corollary : what non-renewable resources might precursor civilizations have used up that we 'll never know about ?
What " mythical " materials actually existed but do n't anymore ?
February 22 - 23 .
I 've been thinking more about why exactly I do n't save everything I post , and why even my favorite posts get edited down for archiving .
It 's not to save myself work , because it would be less work to just keep everything .
And it 's not because I do n't care about preservation .
It 's because I care more about preservation , and I understand that preservation is not a function of storage space , but a function of human attention .
How much storage space do you have for physical stuff ?
A few closets ?
Maybe a big house ?
What if you had a magical extra-dimensional space , on the outside as small as a closet , and on the inside as big as a warehouse ?
And what if almost all physical items were dirt cheap or even free ?
Suppose you also had a genie who could instantly store and retrieve anything you put in there .
Then how much stuff would you have ?
Maybe you would fill the warehouse and get another storage unit the size of a jet airplane hangar .
And then what would happen when you died ?
The genie can store and retrieve but it cannot judge quality or usefulness .
Who 's going to sort through it all ?
What if your heirs have their own magic warehouses , and they have the option to fold yours up and throw it in the trash ?
And then what happens when they die ?
Also , what if the lifespan of genies is only 10 - 20 years , and the new generation can't recognize the stuff stored by the old ?
Obviously , I 'm talking about the way we treat information .
I know someone who works in the field of information archiving and retrieval , and she says we are now living in a lost age : when historians look back at our time , they will have no idea what happened .
The ancient Maya carved their records in stone .
Medieval scholars wrote on vellum , which can easily last 1000 years .
How long does a CD last , or a flash drive ?
And who will be able to read it ?
After only 20 years , with no tech crash , it 's already very difficult to recover data from 5 ¼ inch floppies .
Even our books are almost always written on self - consuming acidic paper .
And there is little or no effort to sort out what 's most important .
According to my source , book - archiving warehouses file them by size and date of arrival .
What if you took a handful of diamonds , scattered them in a massive pile of gravel , mixed it all up , and then took a few handfuls out ?
What are the odds you would get a diamond back ?
What if the diamonds were disguised as gravel and could only be identified by close examination ?
What if the whole pile gradually disappeared ?
This is what we 're doing with our information .
We need to do three things : 1 ) practice sorting information and editing it down to the very best stuff ; 2 ) put it in a form that will be readable in the remote future ; 3 ) if possible , build a human tradition of keeping track of the archives .
This is a cool idea : the Rosetta Disk is 13,000 pages of text and images , micro-etched into a small piece of metal , and readable after 2000 years with just a few lenses .
I 'm also wondering if there 's any way to store music for thousands of years .
Turntable records made of titanium ?
There are also different categories of information .
One is instructions for how to do things , which I think is overrated .
Anne points out that the best way to preserve how - to - do - it information , maybe the only way , is to make it part of a living culture .
And since we 're talking about thousands of years , and not ten years , there 's really no point in telling people how to grow squash or tan hides .
Another category is history .
On the broad scale , it will be obvious to everyone that we mined all the metal and built giant steel - framed buildings .
But what about medium - scale history , the stuff historians write about ?
If we find it helpful to read Herodotus , people of the future will want to know the same kind of thing about us .
What I find most interesting is human - scale history .
If you imagine going back in a time machine , what exactly is exciting about it ?
Most of us are not looking for the technical details of Damascus steel .
We 're wondering what it 's like to live in a different time .
And if you could go thousands of years in the future , what would you want to talk about ?
And what would they ask you about ?
Diane points out that everyone will know how wasteful we were by digging up our landfills .
But will they know how we felt about it ?
Will they see us wallowing in hedonistic pleasure , or will they know how many of us were depressed ?
Will they know that people went to jail for taking food out of the garbage ?
Will they guess that at the all - time peak of energy consumption and individualism , so many of us felt individually powerless ?
February 28 .
Rain of fish in Australia .
This kind of thing has happened many times , and Charles Fort covered it in 1919 in The Book of the Damned , chapter 7 .
He points out that if falling creatures or objects were sucked up in tornadoes , they would be sorted and distributed by weight , not by species ; that small frogs have fallen but never large frogs or tadpoles ; and that the tornado explanation is never backed up by any observation of a tornado .
Notice how narrow - minded we are : a statement that closes doors -- " it must have been a tornado " -- requires no evidence at all , while a statement that opens doors -- " our present model of reality cannot explain this " -- requires such a massive amount of evidence that the same anomalies can be swept under the rug decade after decade .
If you want to read Fort , the key is the first chapter of his first book , where he scorns all our explanations and definitions and categories and laws , comparing them to drawing a circle in the sea .
So when he offers his own explanations , like the planet Genesistrine or the Super - Sargasso Sea , he 's mostly joking .
March 3 .
Last week when I wrote about saving knowledge , everyone agreed that how - to - do - it knowledge is easier to preserve alive than dead -- through a living community of people teaching each other , rather than through written instructions .
This is because if a skill is at all difficult , it contains subtleties that are easy to understand and transmit through hands - on practice , but almost impossible to transmit through words and pictures .
Dameon had the idea to take this basic principle and do some quantitative thinking .
Over the last few centuries , as western civilization has grown more complex , it has depended on a larger and larger number of living skills .
We are now orders of magnitude above the number of living skills that a forager - hunter tribe depends on .
How was this possible ?
Through increasing population , and through specialization .
There are people who know how to design a computer chip , but have no ability to feed themselves without a massive industrial infrastructure -- which now depends on computer chips .
Now , what happens when the population stops rising ?
Can we rein in and stabilize complexity so it does n't overshoot our ability to know how to do everything ?
I doubt it .
And what happens when some crisis forces specialists to generalize ?
If fiber optic technicians have to grow potatoes to survive , key skills for maintaining fiber optic networks could be lost .
There are probably tens of thousands of skills equally obscure and important .
And if a skill dies , even if there are still books about it , the human attention required to resurrect it from books is much greater than the human attention that would have been required to keep it alive in the first place .
So if we want to bring back a dead skill , without an increase in population or specialization , we have to sacrifice some living skills .
What we 're looking at is catabolic collapse -- a loss of complexity that feeds back and causes more loss of complexity , and so on until the system finds a new point of equilibrium .
March 4 .
The other day Jeff Vail made a great little post about surge capacity .
His context is the law business , where lawyers are expected to work at maximum capacity all the time , so then when a case needs extra work , they can't do it without a big drop in quality .
As a general rule : " When a system seeks to maximize output , it reduces its resiliency to perform and to adapt to stresses . "
This reminds me of Chris Davis 's Idle Theory .
There 's much more on the site , but here are a few tastes .
Idle Theory on evolution :
Zero idleness , or complete ' busyness ' , is the threshold of death .
The nearer any creature approaches this threshold , the more endangered its life becomes .
In a time of difficulty , when all creatures must work harder , some varieties or types may be reduced to zero idleness , and driven to extinction .
It is the busiest , most hard - working creatures which face extinction , and the idlest which survive .
In Idle Theory , natural selection means the regular extinction of the least idle creatures , and the survival of the idlest .
On politics , from the 2009 preface :
... busy human societies are ones in which few people have the idle time in which to consider the overall direction of human society , and political decisions which affect everyone are taken by the minority who have sufficient idle time to frame such policies .
And so busy societies tend to be authoritarian in nature ...
The transition of a society from a monarchy to a democracy is a consequence of increasing social idleness .
On economics
The primary purpose of economic activity is the maintenance and increase of idle time .
It is only when there is sufficient idle time made available by this primary economy that it becomes possible for a secondary economy to emerge , in which a variety of luxuries and amusements and pastimes are manufactured and traded .
Before idle time can be disposed of in making and enjoying these luxuries , this idle time first has to primarily be produced .
And on ethics
Ethics is not so much about what human free agents should and should not do , but rather what part - time free agents should and should not do in order to become as far as possible completely free agents .
...
In weighing up whether some behaviour is right or wrong , do not ask whether you like it or dislike it , whether it is normal or abnormal , whether it is legal or illegal : ask whether it gains or loses anyone their time .
March 11 .
The Savanna Principle explains how " the human brain has difficulty comprehending and dealing with entities and situations that did not exist in the ancestral environment . "
My favorite example is that we have no ancestral experience of large businesses and governments , so we try to understand them by projecting something we 're familiar with : the family .
Now , a very small business or government might behave like a family .
But a large one is a completely different thing .
It behaves much more like something else in our ancestral environment : a fire !
Would we be outraged if a fire burned down a community garden ?
Would we try to stop a fire by lying down in its path ?
Would we pass a law against a fire ?
Of course not !
Likewise , all of these tactics , even laws , are ignored and overrun by the logic of large centralized systems , their drive to leverage power - over into more power - over until everything in their path is consumed .
When we see these systems as fires , our strategy becomes clear : stop moralizing , get out of their way , and starve them of fuel .
And in the long term , we can prevent " fires " by designing our culture , our fundamental values , to prevent positive feedback in power - over .
We already know how to do this on the human scale .
Suppose you borrow a hammer from your neighbor and forget about it .
Years later , your neighbor 's lawyer informs you that you owe him ten hammers .
That 's ridiculous , and yet we think it 's normal and fair for large systems to operate by those rules , and then we 're surprised that they behave like psychopaths .
There 's a simple rule that would greatly reduce economic domination : universal negative interest .
If anything is borrowed , the borrower pays back less .
Or to come at the same thing from a different direction : a non-user can never be an owner .
The owner of anything is whoever is using it in a respectful way .
To get rules like this , I hope we do n't have to wait until big systems have been around so long that they 're part of our ancestral environment .
March 25 .
I 've often said that I do n't think civilization will collapse all the way to the stone age , but now I 'm not so sure .
The only way to stop a slide to the stone age is to focus human attention on intermediate technologies .
This principle is independent of peak oil or any other mechanism of collapse .
If you do n't believe that technological complexity will magically keep increasing forever , then you have to accept that it goes up and down .
So the next time it goes down , if we want to save computers , cars , bicycles , shovels , anything , we have to learn to build and maintain them with simpler tools and fewer resources .
I call this The Garage Principle : during a fast drop in overall complexity , the best test of whether a given technology will survive is whether it can be kept alive by dedicated amateurs working at home .
Last night I hung out with Adam , and he mentioned a guy who made a computer at home using no silicon chips , just massive numbers of transistors ( link ) , which could also be made in a garage .
If the complex and fragile fiber optic system goes down , we could still have an internet with wires strung through trees , or wifi signal amplifiers powered by solar panels .
And check out this Kevin Kelly post on Garage Biotech .
I can imagine a steampunk renaissance , where you have a horse with bioengineered gut bacteria that allows it to eat plastic , and you ride it to the next town to trade a load of ball bearings for a bolt of spider silk to make the wings of an ultralight airplane to carry 50 terabytes of data over the mountains .
But will this happen ?
Right now , how many engineers are working on stripped - down garage tech , and how many are working on feature bloat ?
How fast can we adapt ?
Joel comments :
I was a student instructor in an undergraduate - level microfabrication class .
Two people in a garage could definitely make transistors .
I can see no reason for them to dice them all apart and package them separately , rather than fabricating an integrated circuit .
Microchips designed for garage fabrication would be different from what we 're familiar with .
There are ways to design the circuit to tolerate faulty devices so that if a speck of dust destroys one transistor , its neighbor takes over and the whole circuit still works .
There are also tremendous gains in efficiency and capabilities possible when human attention is focused on circuit design , as seen in the Parallax Propeller .
I 'm also excited by some of the circuit designs that are re-thinking the ways that computers work .
Some of these are not entirely deterministic .
They 're still fully digital , but they 're designed to do noise - tolerant work like audio and video , and their function somewhat resembles an analog device .
There are also interesting things being done with field - programmable gate arrays .
Many of these designs would translate better to homebrew electronics than , say , an 8088 clone .
Finally , technologies like electron - beam lithography and dip - pen lithography are extremely labor - intensive , but have the potential to make one - of - a - kind circuits that are not just designed better , but built more capably than mass - produced microchips .
On a related note : I work with scientists and engineers , and there 's a general tone of respect for intermediate technology among every group of practical people I 've met from that field .
Any contact with the real world of high technology illustrates how important its predecessors are , partly because it 's often necessary to backtrack in order to build up the capacity to advance .
I guarantee you that the best half of the engineers who now work on feature bloat , are dreaming about more meaningful work .
As the market for bloat deflates , they 'll spend more time in garages .
Do n’t bogart that , Obama .
An upcoming Los Angeles “ pot party ” celebrating President Barack Obama ’s first year in office has chosen the leader of the free world as the star of an ad campaign for the event .
The ad features Obama Photoshopped smoking a fake joint above the words , “ GET MEDICATED CALIFORNIA / 420 . ”
Obama is n’t known for toking , though his doctor did tell him he needed to permanently quit smoking when he went in for a check - up last week .
ADVERTISEMENT
The ad and the event ’s organizers plan to “ celebrate Obama ending DEA raids ” on medical marijuana dispensaries .
According to the popular blog TMZ , which posted the image of the ad above , a White House spokesman said they — not surprisingly — did n’t sign off on the use of the president ’s image , and that they have a policy “ disapproving of the use of the President ’s name and likeness for commercial purposes . ”
The White House apparently declined to say whether they ’d take on the ad ’s creators .
TMZ quipped : “ Either way … we ’re guessing the wave of paranoia that ’s about to engulf the tokers responsible for messing with the Most Powerful Man on the Planet will be punishment enough . ”
“ U.S. fiscal policy is unsustainable , and unsustainable to an extent that it can't be solved through minor changes , ” Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) Director Douglas Elmendorf told reporters at a Christian Science Monitor breakfast .
Spending on Medicare , Medicaid and Social Security , plus defense programs and debt interest , will exceed the rest of the federal budget in 10 years if most of the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts are extended , as President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaUnseemly brawl unlikely to change a thing
It 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach MORE has proposed , Elmendorf said .
“ It 's a matter of arithmetic , ” Elmendorf said of getting record deficits under control .
“ Government would need to make changes in some set of the large programs , large parts of the tax code that we think of as the fundamental parts of the budget . ”
Elmendorf 's remarks come a day after Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke also called on policymakers to put in place a plan to reduce deficits .
“ Unless we as a nation demonstrate a strong commitment to fiscal responsibility , in the longer run we will have neither financial stability nor healthy economic growth , ” Bernanke said in a speech Wednesday .
The CBO projects that Obama 's policies would produce deficits averaging nearly $ 1 trillion for the next decade .
The deficit would bottom out in 2014 at a level equal to 4.1 percent of gross domestic product , which is higher than the 3 percent level considered to be sustainable by the White House and independent economists .
Deficits would again rise after 2014 .
The debt - to - GDP ratio would go from 63 percent this year to 90 percent by 2020 , the CBO said .
A “ select group of countries , ” including Greece , which is facing a fiscal crisis , have debt levels that high , which is “ worrisome , ” Elmendorf said .
Elmendorf cautioned against a fiscal retrenchment that is too quick and could hamper an economic recovery .
The deficit levels are expected to drop from 10 percent this year to nearly 4 percent within four years , “ the most rapid withdrawal of fiscal stimulus since the Second World War , ” he said .
The ideal timing for deficit reductions would be “ at some point beyond the next few years , ” he said .
103 : The number of months it would take to sell off all the foreclosed homes in banks ’ possession , plus all the homes likely to end up there over the next couple years , at the current rate of sales .
How much should we worry about a new leg down in the housing market ?
If the number of foreclosed homes piling up at banks is any indication , there ’s ample reason for concern .
As of March , banks had an inventory of about 1.1 million foreclosed homes , up 20 % from a year earlier , according to estimates from LPS Applied Analytics .
Another 4.8 million mortgage holders were at least 60 days behind on their payments or in the foreclosure process , meaning their homes were well on their way to the inventory pile .
That “ shadow inventory ” was up 30 % from a year earlier .
Based on the rate at which banks have been selling those foreclosed homes over the past few months , all that inventory , real and shadow , would take 103 months to unload .
That ’s nearly nine years .
Of course , banks could pick up the pace of sales , but the added supply of distressed homes would weigh heavily on prices — and thus boost their losses .
The government is understandably worried about the situation , and its Home Affordable Modification Program has made an impact by helping people stay in their homes and avoid foreclosure .
As people who enter the program catch up on their payments , the number of homeowners 60 or more days delinquent has fallen 9 % over the past two months .
Now , though , the effect of modifications could be on the wane .
According to Goldman Sachs , HAMP started less than 80,000 trial modifications in March , less than half the number in the peak month of October 2009 .
At the same time , a growing number of modifications are being canceled as borrowers prove unable to pay .
By Goldman ’s count , about 68,000 were canceled in March .
All this means that little can stop banks ’ inventory of distressed homes from growing .
Too many people owe too much more on their homes than they can afford .
For the housing market , that could mean a long - lasting hangover .
Today ’s post is an answer to a Twitter request , from a faithful listener of a podcast I do every weekend .
Today I ’ll be telling you about Festival , a text to speech ( TTS ) system for Linux that runs from the command line .
Yes , I said command line — relax , it does a whole more too …
I should point out that this is n’t meant as a definitive how - to by any means ; it ’s just what I ’ve done on my new Linux rig to replicate the system - wide TTS functionality on my Mac .
I should also point out that I ’m not visually impaired — I use TTS software for proofreading .
For accessibility there are other more suitable options available .
I was once told that the best way to proofread was to have someone read aloud to you while you follow along , looking at what you ’ve written .
Since I do n’t want to burden my friends and neighbours with the daily task of proofreading my blog posts , what I ’ve been doing for some years is copying and pasting the text into SimpleText ( the Mac version of WordPad ) and using the text to speech ( TTS ) functionality in that app to get the job done .
It ’s best to think of Festival ( also eSpeak , and others ? ) not as an app but as a system - wide framework , like the speech synthesis engine in OS X — with one notable exception : this TTS engine is not limited to a single manufacturer ’s apps .
Finding and installing Festival is as simple as searching for it in your package manager of choice ( or installing from the terminal if you want to show off ) .
I had read here that the actual voices needed to be installed separately but this was n’t the case for me .
I did have an issue with playback at first , but finding a solution was as easy as copying and pasting the error message into a Google search , which brought me to this handy fix .
It ’s something to do with the sound I/ O in my particular distribution but whatever , it worked .
I learned the proper syntax and was fully prepared to copy large blocks of text into the terminal — that is until I found two very handy plug-ins :
Read
Text – an extension for OpenOffice which immediately brings my Linux install up to TTS parity with OS X ;
Read2Me – an add - on for Firefox so that I never have to leave my web browser to proofread again !
There ’s also a plug - in for the Pidgin IM client that uses Festival , along with a multitude of other connectors for it across your system , I imagine .
So , there you have it — TTS solved .
If any Linux users have other ingenious uses for Festival post ’em below !
A dispute with Disney over the release window could see Alice in Wonderland barred from Odeon , Vue and Cineworld screens
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The UK 's biggest cinema chains are set to boycott Tim Burton 's Alice in Wonderland , due out on 5 March , because of a dispute with Disney over the release window .
Disney wants to cut the gap between the theatrical opening and the DVD release to just 12 weeks , down from the standard 17 weeks .
The big exhibitors refuse to book any film that does n't have a guaranteed four - month theatrical run .
If neither side climbs down , the 3D film will not play at any Odeon , Vue or Cineworld site across the country , representing 95 % of the UK's 3D screens .
That means Disney would forfeit a substantial amount of the film 's projected £ 40 m UK box - office gross .
It will be tricky for the studio to explain that to Burton , who lives in London and shot Alice In Wonderland largely in Devon and Cornwall .
The film stars Johnny Depp , Mia Wasikowska and a largely British supporting cast , including Helena Bonham Carter , Matt Lucas , Stephen Fry , Michael Sheen , Alan Rickman , Christopher Lee and Barbara Windsor .
However , Disney said the royal charity premiere at the Odeon Leicester Square will go ahead regardless , because that is n't a commercial booking .
The studio previously attempted to shorten the theatrical run of Up in order to release the DVD before Christmas , but changed its mind after the exhibitors threatened to pull A Christmas Carol from their screens in retaliation .
This time , however , Disney has given the exhibitors advance warning of its intentions .
A studio source described the 12 - week deal as a " take it or leave it " proposition that is not up for negotiation .
Disney 's distribution chiefs , Bob Chapek and Chuck Viane , have flown in from Hollywood to talk to British exhibitors over the next couple of days .
" We feel that it 's important for us to maintain a healthy business on the exhibition side and a healthy business on the home video side ...
We remain committed to theatrical windows , with the need for exceptions to accommodate a shortened timeframe on a case - by - case basis , such as with Disney 's Alice in Wonderland , " said Chapek .
But sources say the studio is not offering more favourable revenue - sharing terms to tempt them to accept the shorter window .
Odeon and Vue have already pulled all trailers and promotional materials for Alice in Wonderland from their cinemas , and have stopped selling advance tickets .
Cineworld , as a public company , is taking a more cautious line and is still promoting Alice in Wonderland on its website , but is understood to be equally robust in its rejection of the shorter window .
Disney is also cutting the theatrical run for Alice in Wonderland in the US and Italy , where most exhibitors look likely to accept the studio's terms .
This is part of a global strategy by Disney CEO Bob Iger to shorten some of its theatrical releases , in a bid to maximise its home entertainment revenues , combat piracy and minimise its marketing costs .
The studio says that films take 97 % of their box office in the first eight weeks of release , after which they largely disappear from cinemas .
It argues that making consumers wait another two months before they can buy the DVD legitimately just presents the pirates with an " exclusive window . "
Exhibitors counter that bringing forward the DVD release will reduce the audience appetite to see films on the big screen , which could lead to cinema closures , particularly in smaller towns .
Disney is using this summer 's football World Cup as its pretext for cutting short Alice 's theatrical run .
It argues that audiences wo n't go to the cinema during the World Cup in their usual numbers , so it makes sense to pull Alice in Wonderland early .
But UK exhibitors argue that a family film such as Alice in Wonderland is less threatened by the World Cup than other titles
A popular demand post ... for Guy , Andy , Rob , and everyone else who wanted to hear it again .
Here 's Jarvis explaining why , physiologically , Led Zeppelin's John Bonham sounds so sweet on the drums .
It 's taken from Greg Milner 's book ' Perfecting Sound Forever : The Story of Recorded Music '
Download the mp3 ( 16.5 Mb )
To download , right click on the links below and choose ' Save Target As ' ( If you 're using a Mac it's Ctrl+click )
Germany ’s Federal Constitutional Court has rejected cuts to the welfare state , ruling that all citizens , even the poor , have a right to a “ minimum level of participation in social , cultural , and political life . ”
That ’s a much higher standard than providing for food and other basic needs .
Christian Science Monitor :
Last month , the federal constitutional court said that a sweeping reform established five years ago to reduce what was then seen as an overburdened welfare system was unconstitutional .
The reason :
It failed to ensure its 6.7 million recipients , especially children , “ a dignified minimum income ” and give less privileged citizens a “ minimum level of participation in social , cultural , and political life . ”
The court gave Chancellor Angela Merkel ’s coalition until year ’s end to create a better model .
And it unleashed heated debate over the future of Germany ’s social model at a time when , from France to Greece , social unrest in Europe is widespread .
“ The court said that it ’s not enough to have food , clothes , and a roof – people also have to be able to participate in society , otherwise they become outcasts , ” says Christoph Butterwegge , a poverty expert at the University of Cologne .
“ For the constitutional court to define social participation as a right , that ’s unprecedented . ”
Read more
When building a website , using a CSS framework is a real time saver as it provides you with tools every web designer and front - end developer needs when crafting a site ( other than good web hosting ) .
A CSS framework is a software framework created to allow for easier , more standards - compliant web design using HTML / CSS .
Many popular CSS frameworks are design - oriented and contain elements that can be re-used in the creation of any website or app , as well as a grid system designed to provide a responsive CSS layout to webpages .
All the frameworks listed in this article are free and open source .
Bootstrap
Without a doubt , Bootstrap is the most widely used free and open source CSS framework .
Created in 2011 by developers Mark Otto and Jacob Thornton , Bootstrap is now used by millions of websites .
Bootstrap features
Sass variables and mixins , a responsive grid system , extensive prebuilt components for building layouts , and powerful plugins built on jQuery .
Interested in Bootstrap ?
Check out our Check out our Bootstrap Forms guide .
Bootstrap is one of my tools of choice when it comes to building responsive websites or a WordPress theme .
It ’s extremely easy to learn and the documentation is very complete .
If you want to become a web developer , learning Bootstrap is a must .
→ Info & download : https://getbootstrap.com/
Pure CSS
Only 3.8KB minified and gzipped , but packed with tons of features for your web design needs .
Created by Yahoo in 2014 , Pure specializes in providing a very lightweight set of responsive CSS layouts and components to act as a foundation for creating a responsive design .
→ Info & download : https://purecss.io/
Bulma
With 21 kB minified and gzipped , Bulma is n’t the most lightweight of this list , but this open source CSS framework is so interesting that it totally deserves a mention .
Bulma is built with a mobile - first approach , which makes every element optimized for vertical reading , and its grid system is fully built with Flexbox .
Achieving flexible layout with same - size columns is as simple as adding a .column class to any of your HTML elements .
Bulma is also built with Sass , which allows you to only use the features you really need in your web development tasks .
→ Info & download : https://bulma.io/
Tailwind
Tailwind is a relatively new CSS framework , designed to be different from its competitors .
Instead of predesigned components , Tailwind provides low - level utility classes that let you build your own designs .
Let ’s have a quick look to some HTML used with Tailwind :
< button class = " bg - blue hover : bg - blue - dark text - white font - bold py - 2 px - 4 rounded " >
Button </button >
As you can see , the example is using many utility classes on a button element .
Those classes allow you to finely style any element :
We can easily spot classes named text - white , font - bold and rounded , defining the visual aspect of the button .
→ Info & download : https://tailwindcss.com/
Materialize
Material Design is a design language created in 2014 by Google .
It uses more grid - based layouts , responsive animations and transitions , padding , and depth effects such as lighting and shadows .
As of 2019 , Material Design has been implemented on most Google products as such as YouTube , Gmail , Google Drive , and Google Docs .
Materialize is a modern responsive front - end framework based on Material Design .
Easy to use , it provides components , as well as starter templates which allow you to start designing your website with minimal setup time .
→ Info & download : https://materializecss.com/
Mini.css
Mini is , as the name suggests , a lightweight ( 7 kb gzipped ) framework for crafting fast and responsive websites easily .
Standing in the gap between fully - featured frameworks like Bootstrap and very small frameworks as such as Pure .
CSS , Mini contains many features ( Responsive grid , components … ) in a small package .
The framework relies solely on modern CSS , so you do not have to worry about JavaScript conflicts and you can freely decide on which JavaScript library you will use in your project .
→ Info & download : https://minicss.org/
UIkit
UIkit is a lightweight and responsive CSS framework for developing fast and powerful web interfaces .
Consisting of compiled CSS and JavaScript , UIKit is easy to use and provides all the needed tools for modern web design : Grid , custom icons , components , animations , and a lot more .
UIKit is compatible with Less and Sass .
→ Info & download : https://getuikit.com/
Skeleton
With only 400 lines of code , Skeleton is light as a feather .
Yet , it features a responsive CSS grid system , typography , forms , media queries … all you need for building a quality site in no time .
Designed as a starting point for your projects , Skeleton only includes styles a handful of HTML elements and provides a simple but efficient grid system .
As no compiling or installing is required , this lightweight framework makes it easy to create any type of responsive design .
→ Info & download : http://getskeleton.com/
Base
Base is a very simple but robust responsive framework .
Built with lightweight and minimal code , Base is designed to provide developers and designers an easy way to built cross - browser , mobile - first websites and web applications .
This very handy framework will provide a solid foundation for creating quality responsive designs in no time .
→ Info & download : http://getbase.org/
Spectre
A lightweight ( ~10 KB gzipped ) starting point for your projects , Spectre provides elegantly designed elements , as well as a flexbox - based , responsive and mobile - friendly layout .
Much smaller in size and features than fully - featured frameworks like Bootstrap , Spectre is a great choice for single - page websites and small web applications .
→ Info & download : https://picturepan2.github.io/spectre/
Milligram
Milligram provides a minimal setup of styles for a fast and clean starting point .
With only 2 kb gzipped , this tiny but powerful framework is in the top three of the lightweight framework available .
Despite its very small size , Milligram provides a complete set of web development tools and fully exploits the possibilities offered by the CSS3 specification .
→ Info & download : https://milligram.io/
Dead Simple Grid
Dead Simple Grid is n’t really a framework .
As the name suggests , this tool only consists of a simple grid layout that can be used in every project .
With only 250 bytes of CSS code , Dead Simple Grid will be useful to web developers in need of a grid system , without the components usually provided by a more complete framework .
→ Info & download : https://github.com/mourner/dead-simple-grid
Picnic CSS
With a size of less than 10kb when gzipped , Picnic is for sure lightweight , but also has everything you need for creating a great looking , functional website .
Using Picnic is super easy , as you can simply embed the stylesheet by adding the following line in the < head > section of your page :
< link rel=" stylesheet " href = " https://unpkg.com/picnic " >
Tiny but very complete , the framework features all the needed components for crafting modern websites : Grid , forms , tabs , tooltips , alerts …
Picnic is written in Sass / SCSS with many variables and classes to make it easy to extend .
→ Info & download : https://picnicss.com/
The WikiLeaks video footage from Iraq taken from an Apache helicopter in July 2007 showing soldiers killing 12 people and wounding two children has caused an explosion of media coverage .
But many Iraq vets feel it is too little and too late .
In contrast to most of the coverage that favors the military ’s stated position of forgiving the soldiers responsible and citing that they followed the Rules of Engagement ( ROE ) , Iraq war veterans who have spoken to the media previously about atrocities carried out against innocent Iraqis have largely been ignored by the mainstream media in the United States .
This includes Josh Steiber , a former US Army specialist who was a member of the Bravo Company 2 - 16 whose acts of brutality made headlines with the WikiLeaks release of the video “ Collateral Murder . ”
Steiber told Truthout during a telephone interview on Sunday that such acts were “ not isolated incidents ” and were “ common ” during his tour of duty .
“ After watching the video , I would definitely say that that is , nine times out of ten , the way things ended up , ” Steiber was quoted as saying in an earlier press release on the video , “ Killing was following military protocol .
It was going along with the rules as they are . ”
Steiber was not with his unit , who were the soldiers on the ground in the video .
He was back at his base with the incident occurred .
While not absolving of responsibility those who carried out the killing , Steiber blames the “ larger system ” of the US military , specifically how soldiers are trained to dehumanize Iraqis and the ROE .
“ We have to address the larger system that trains people to respond in this way , or the same thing will probably happen again , ” Steiber told Truthout .
However , Steiber explained that during his basic training for the military , “ We watched videos celebrating death , ” and said that his leaders would “ pull aside soldiers who ’d not deployed , and ask us if somebody open fired on us in a market full of unarmed civilians , would we return fire .
And if you did n’t say ‘ yes ’ instantly , you got yelled at for not being a good soldier .
The mindset of military training was one based on fear , and the ability to eliminate any threat . ”
Steiber was released from the military as a conscientious objector , and is now a member of the group Iraq Veterans Against the War ( IVAW ) .
“ I saw many instances , frequently , of the military killing civilians , ” Steiber added , “ One thing we were told was that if a roadside bomb went off , anybody in the area was considered an enemy .
Obviously those are innocent civilians since most of them , if not all of them , are not involved with the bombing .
So I would consider those innocent civilians as lives lost .
That policy came down from high up [ the chain of command ] . ”
When Truthout asked Steiber how many times this happened with his unit , he said , “ Between five and ten times , and each time we ’d end up killing people . ”
The group to which Steiber belongs , IVAW , sponsored the Winter Soldier hearings that took place March 13 - 16 , 2008 , in Silver Spring , Maryland .
The hearings provided a platform for veterans from Iraq and Afghanistan to share the reality of their occupation experiences with the media .
While the hearings garnered major coverage from foreign media outlets , they were ignored by mainstream US media outlets .
The censorship of that event is reflective of an overarching censorship by the mainstream media in the US of veterans from both occupations who have tried to tell their stories to the public .
Garret Reppenhagen , who testified at the Winter Soldier hearings , served in Iraq from February 2004 - 2005 in the city of Baquba , 40 kilometers ( about 25 miles ) northeast of Baghdad .
“ There are so many incidents like this that happen in Iraq it ’s bound that eventually one of them hits the vein of public attention , like this one , ” Reppenhagen told Truthout of his opinion of the WikiLeaks footage , “ Film helps – like this , and Abu Ghraib – the video and film documentation helps spurn public attention .
So , it ’s sad that these instances happen , and they are occurring and it has to do with how we conduct ourselves in this conflict – clearly there are things that need to be done for soldiers to adhere to the Geneva Conventions . ”
Reppenhagen doubted the media uproar caused by the leaked video would change how soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan conduct themselves .
“ I still doubt enough support will be garnered to change how we operate in theater .
Eventually I hope there ’ll be a critical mass of people coming out and telling their stories about these things . ”
Bryan Casler , a corporal in the Marines , who served both in Iraq and Afghanistan , has also spoken out publicly about atrocities committed by US soldiers he ’d witnessed in Iraq .
“ First , my response to the video is utter disgust , ” Casler told Truthout , “ You watch it and the first thing you see is them blow away a group of men who are obviously not hostile – obviously breaking any ROE they had .
Then you watch them blow away a van coming to rescue the wounded people … a van that happens to have kids in it . ”
Casler admitted that he has experienced some frustration in not having had mainstream media coverage when he has spoken out about what he witnessed in Iraq .
“ You have to share this , because as an Iraq veteran , and talking with other vets , we know this is happening all the time .
This is damning video for a propaganda machine trying to say we ’re over there trying to save the Iraqi people .
But this is n’t happening just in Iraq , but anywhere the military is engaged in fighting with the local population . ”
The US military ’s response to the WikiLeaks video has been to claim that it was an isolated incident , and the soldiers were properly following their ROE .
In an interview on the ABC News “ This Week ” program on Sunday , US Secretary of Defense Robert Gates said the soldiers were operating in “ split second situations , ” and that , “ It ’s unfortunate .
It ’s clearly not helpful .
But by the same token , I think – think it should not have any lasting consequences . ”
Casler begs to differ with Gates ’ response .
“ The argument about this being just a few bad apples – pilots are known for keeping their cool in tough environments , but the whole time you have to remind yourself , it ’s not these pilots committing the atrocities – these guys had years of training and practice to do this , and loads of money making it happen , ” Casler told Truthout , “ This is what they are trained to do .
American taxpayer money was paid to make them into this .
This is not a few bad apples . ”
In a response similar to Steiber ’s , Casler added , “ I do n’t think anybody is murderous by nature – this is why the military trains you every day , both when you ’re deployed or not , because people are not naturally killers – so the training is to have no barrier to killing .
And that ’s what you see in the video . ”
When asked how he felt about the incident getting the coverage it has , Casler said he was pleased .
“ I ’m happy the average person might see this , ” he told Truthout , “ So I ’m happy this is finally getting the coverage it deserves , and every vets story coming back needs this type of coverage .
The military is censoring what is happening over there – but this video blows this apart .
I hope more videos like this get leaked to the media , because people need to know about this . ”
Casler may not have to wait long .
WikiLeaks.org is now poised to post another damning video of US forces slaughtering civilians – this time in Afghanistan .
On May 5 , 2009 , US aircraft bombed a number of homes in the Afghan village of Abdul Basir Khan in Farah Province .
According to Afghan officials , the death toll was upwards of 140 civilians .
The Pentagon initially claimed the entire incident was fabricated , but then later conceded that people were killed by the airstrike , but that “ no one will ever ” know the exact number .
They also claimed that the pilots had no idea civilians were in the area .
More recently , on April 12 , four Afghan civilians were killed in Kandahar when US troops fired on a bus in Afghanistan .
The slaughter sparked furious protests and an expression of “ regret ” from the military .
The Afghan government said a woman and child were among the dead , and that at least 18 others were wounded in the shooting .
After serving a tour in Iraq , Staff Sgt. Camilo Mejia became the first conscientious objector to the Iraq war .
Mejia claimed that he left his post in order to avoid duties that he considered to be war crimes , particularly citing the torture and abuse of Iraqi prisoners by US soldiers .
He was court - martialed and listed as a prisoner of conscience by Amnesty International while serving his prison sentence .
“ It was sad , ” Mejia said of his reaction to the WikiLeaks video from Iraq , “ You talk to other people , and they are shocked and ca n’t believe it .
The fact that people are surprised and it ’s getting so much coverage like it ’s isolated and new – this is stuff we ’ve been talking about for a long time , we know this is happening . ”
Mejia , in addition to talking with people about atrocities he committed and witnessed in Iraq , told Truthout he was surprised at the reaction to the video , given that he and others had shared similar information at the Winter Soldier hearings two years ago .
“ We ’re talking a couple of years from when we talked about this stuff and exposed it – and here it is getting coverage … it ’s like we live in a twilight zone where people do n’t pay attention to when things actually happen , but then longer after the fact , when somebody else says the same thing , it ’s huge news , ” Mejia added .
Two of the Iraqis shown being murdered in the WikiLeaks video were employees of the Reuters news agency : photographer Namir Noor - Eldeen and driver Saeed Chmagh .
While most mainstream media in the US has reported on the Pentagon ’s statements saying that two internal investigations have cleared the soldiers of any wrongdoing , and that they were following the ROE , international media like Al - Jazeera English have reported on reactions from the families of the victims of the attack .
In particular , the families of the slain Iraqi civilians are seeking justice for the deaths , and want the military personnel responsible for the deaths to be taken to court .
Two young children , whose father was killed in the attack , could not understand why they were targeted .
“ We were coming back and we saw an injured man , ” said Sajad Mutashar , whose father was killed in the attack while he and his sister were wounded , “ My father said , let ’s take him to hospital .
Then I heard only the bullets …
Why did they shoot us ?
Did n’t they see we were children ? ”
His uncle , Satar , is demanding that the pilot be taken to court .
“ Nobody gave the children anything , their rights are gone and the Americans did n’t even compensate for the destroyed car .
I sold it for $ 500 to spend the money treating them , ” Satar told Al Jazeera .
The family of Saeed Chamgh , one of the Reuters employees killed in the attack , is also demanding justice for his death .
“ The pilot is not human , he ’s a monster , ” Safa Chmagh , Saeed ’s brother , said , “ What did my brother do ?
What did his children do ?
Does the pilot accept his kids to be orphans ? ”
Salwan Saeed , Saeed ’s son , said , “ The American has broken my back by killing my father .
I will not let the Americans get away with it .
I will follow the path of my father and will hold another camera . ”
Mark Taylor , an international law expert and a director at the Fafo Institute for International Studies in Norway , told reporters the evidence so far “ indicated that there ’s a case to be made that a war crime may have been committed . ”
Taylor said US authorities , and especially the US military , have to take a closer look at this investigation .
“ There are questions about the way the investigation was conducted and whether or not it was done in a proper manner , ” he said , adding , “ There are precedents of US soldiers being prosecuted for crimes in Iraq , for crimes of murder , rape and manslaughter .
So it ’s not unprecedented that this could go forward both in military courts as well as in civilian criminal courts in the US . ”
Taylor believes the case raises larger questions about the laws of war , and added , “ I think what this video shows is really a case that challenges whether the laws of war are strict enough . ”
Marjorie Cohn is a former president of the National Lawyer ’s Guild , a professor of law at Thomas Jefferson School of Law and co-author of the book Rules of Disengagement : The Politics of Honor and Military Dissent .
She spoke with Truthout about possible war crimes committed by the soldiers in the WikiLeaks video .
“ I think there ’s clearly enough there to warrant an investigation , ” Cohn said , referring to the need for an investigation of war crimes committed by US soldiers in the video , “ I ’m distraught and disappointed the US government refuses to launch an investigation about whether or not there ’ve been violations of the law . ”
Cohn cited the three possible violations to Truthout .
“ What I thought after watching the video , is that it looks like there were three possible violations of the Geneva Conventions .
There were civilians standing around , there was no one firing at the US soldiers , and at least two people with cameras … there may have been people armed , like there are many people armed in the US , but this does not create the license to fire on people .
That ’s one violation of the Geneva Conventions – targeting people who are not a military necessity who do not pose a threat . ”
Cohn said that the second and third possible violation of the laws of war are evident in the scene on the tape when the van attempts to rescue the wounded and a later scene of a US tank rolling over a body on the ground .
“ The soldiers shot him and those in the van , another possible violation of the Geneva Conventions – preventing the rescuers , ” she added , “ Third , when the wounded or dead man was lying on the ground , and a US tank rolled over him , effectively splitting him in two – and if he was dead , that was disrespecting a body – another violation of the Geneva Conventions . ”
In that scene that occurs at 18:50 into in the full version of the WikiLeaks video , a soldier is heard saying , “ I think they just drove over a body . ”
To this another soldier is heard laughing before he respond , “ Really ? ”
Shortly thereafter , a soldier is heard saying , “ Well , they ’re dead , so . ”
Cohn concluded , “ So I see several possible violations , certainly enough to warrant an investigation by the US military . ”
This article originally appeared on Truthout .
Abstract
Compressed pattern matching refers to the process of , given a text in a compressed form and a pattern , finding all the occurrences of the pattern in the text without decompression .
To utilize bandwidth more effectively in the Internet environment , it is highly desirable that data be kept and sent over the Internet in the compressed form .
In order to support information retrieval for compressed data , compressed pattern matching has been gaining increasing attention from both theoretical and practical viewpoints .
In this article , we design and implement a dictionary - based compressed pattern matching algorithm .
Our algorithm takes advantage of the dictionary structure common in the LZ78 family .
With the help of a slightly modified dictionary structure , we are able to do `block decompression ' ( a key in many existing compressed pattern matching schemes ) as well as pattern matching on - the - fly , resulting in performance improvement as our experimental results indicate .
As much as social media broadens our horizons , be it through interpersonal or business relations , it creates a whole new universe of privacy issues .
Friendswood - area college student Ashley Marzullo found that out firsthand last week after making an off - hand remark on Twitter last week on a particularly nice day of weather .
Marzullo , 22 , currently enrolled at San Jacinto College 's south campus off Beamer , remarked out loud on Twitter that she hoped for someone to call in a bomb threat to the school .
The tweet went out to her seven followers , which is a cap - gun snap compared to the atomic amount of followers that celebrities and other media personalities can command on a daily basis .
The communications major thought nothing of the outgoing message and went on about her day at school .
Marzullo obviously did n't wish her college ill will ; she was merely suffering from late - semester stress .
Anyone who remembers their college days can attest to being frustrated .
The weather was pretty good that day in Houston , if Hair Balls remembers .
In today 's new world of spiderweb - like social networks and swiftly changing forms of communication , anything you type , tweet , or post can be held against you .
Whether that is in a court of law or a court of your peers depends on the severity and weight of your message .
Even if you are a joking , someone out there may not understand you are being humorous .
Wo n't someone just invent a punctuation sign for sarcasm already ?
Oh , they did .
On April 1 , Marzullo received a letter from Joanna Zimmerman , the Dean of Student Development at San Jac South that she was required to set up an appointment to meet Zimmerman on April 6 .
The missive went on to cite and describe Marzullo 's offense in vague terms , referencing a section focusing on disruptive conduct in the student handbook .
The note also said that Marzullo was not to return to classes until she had met with Zimmerman , effectively " suspending " her until the matter was resolved .
In the meantime , Marzullo was stumped as to what infraction the letter referenced , completely forgetting her previous tweet .
She did n't refrain from going to class with only a month left until final exams , especially if she had no clue what she was being brought in for .
Someone in the chain of command at San Jac had been alerted to the tweet -- that much is true .
Things got even weirder when Zimmerman and Marzullo finally met in the Dean 's office on Tuesday morning .
At the one - on - one meeting , Zimmerman produced a print - out of the student 's Twitter page , complete with the offending tweet .
Marzullo describes the conversation as terse and confusing .
" She asked me first if I knew what I had done , and I had no clue .
She asked me if I was at all serious about the bomb threat .
Of course , I had no intention of doing anything like that .
It was a nice day though " she says .
Where the wheels hit the road is when Marzullo claims Zimmerman remarked " We monitor all Twitter and Facebook accounts of our students . "
This brings a whole new shadowy demeanor to what should have rightfully been an open - and - shut case of making a bad joke .
Zimmerman would only say that the " police " had seen the tweet and reported it to them .
What police , though ?
None were specified .
Is it possible for a community college to track all the social networking activity of its students ?
San Jac is a working school , and they boast thousands and thousands of students , some who are out - of - state taking online courses .
Visions of some secret underground mission control filled with cigarette smoke and sweaty dudes with mustaches abound .
Furthermore , this could mean that Twitter or some other service could be looking after us by running searches on certain chains of phrasing , akin to the same technology you may hear people flailing madly about on their respective airwaves .
Words like " gun , " " president " and " bomb " are red flags obviously .
We spoke with Terri Fowle , the Associate Vice Chancellor Of Marketing for the San Jac system , yesterday afternoon and got the administration 's side of the story , but ended up with more questions unanswered in the process .
" The college has never suspended anybody due to anything on a social network .
We only monitor the college 's websites " Fowle said .
The college maintains a presence on Twitter , Facebook , MySpace , YouTube , and even Flickr .
Fowle also serves as the de facto social media coordinator of the college .
" We do not by any means follow our students , " Fowle added for extra emphasis .
We still do n't know why Zimmerman would make the remark , which can be horribly misconstrued .
Hopefully there is no cabal of techies reading each and every undergrad 's stray , drunken or otherwise lifted online communication .
For her part , Marzullo has to write an apology to the staff and students of the school to make peace with the administration .
The school was not evacuated on March 31 , oddly enough .
Let this be a lesson to everyone :
Just kill off a non-existent aunt or grandmother if you really need a day to yourself or your skin .
Mike Huckabee is claiming those terrible comments he made to a college newspaper about gay marriage — that it ’s a “ behavioral pattern , ” like drug using , that should n’t be tolerated — were taken out of context .
Except the student reporter recorded the whole thing .
Oops !
In an interview published April 9 , Huckabee spoke about gay marriage in this way : “ You do n’t go ahead and accommodate every behavioral pattern that is against the ideal .
That would be like saying , well , there are a lot of people who like to use drugs , so let ’s go ahead and accommodate those who want who use drugs .
There are some people who believe in incest , so we should accommodate them .
There are people who believe in polygamy , so we should accommodate them . ”
He spoke about gays adopting in this way : “ I think this is not about trying to create statements for people who want to change the basic fundamental definitions of family .
And always we should act in the best interest of the children , not in the seeming interest of the adults .
Children are not puppies .
This is not a time to see if we can experiment and find out , how does this work ? ”
But now Michael Tracey , editor of the College Of New Jersey ’s newspaper The Perspective , has suddenly become Huckabee ’s Enemy No. 1 , with claims of the paper taking Huckabee ’s remarks out of context .
In a statement , the former governor and potential GOP presidential candidate says :
The young college student hopefully will find a career other than journalism .
I would ask that he release the unedited tape of our conversation .
I believe that what people do as individuals in their private lives is their business , but I do not believe we should change the traditional definition of marriage .
Not only did he attempt to sensationalize my well known and hardly unusual views of same - sex marriage , he also inaccurately reported my views on Michael Steele as GOP chairman – I offered my support and did n’t “ Rip into Steele ” as his article asserted .
I had a candid and frank conversation with the group about health care , education , the economy and national security while the young journalism student , instead , chose to focus on the issue of same - sex marriage and grossly distort my views .
The newspaper responded in kind :
It is telling that nowhere in his statement did Huckabee suggest he was misquoted in the article , and rightfully so ; we have the audio and transcripts to prove that everything reported is accurate .
Huckabee ’s problem seems to lie more in the focus of the article , which is centered partially on LGBT issues .
We feel that same - sex marriage , laws prohibiting gays and lesbians from adopting children , and ‘ Do n’t Ask Do n’t Tell ‘ are legitimate policy concerns about which to question national political figures .
Gov. Huckabee may disagree .
And released the audio , which is actually more damning than the original published remarks .
Among Huckabee ’s comments :
In a perfect world , in the ideal world , people would recognize that having a child is heavy duty responsibility and you engage into a relationship with somebody sexually as a permanent expression of your commitment to that person .
You do n’t use another person a sexual toy and toss them away , leaving them with the burdens of a child .
That to me is what ’s so recklessly irresponsible and ridiculous immature .
When people use another person as their sexual object of pleasure without any regards to the ultimate consequences of it .
That ’s not mature sexuality , that ’s immature , selfish lifestyle .
…
The ideal world is a man and a woman .
You do n’t go ahead and accommodate every behavioral pattern that is against the ideal .
You ’ll notice Huckabee refuses to say gays and lesbians fall outside of this ideal world , claiming Tracey is putting those words in his mouth .
But by grouping these so - called alternative lifestyles into the groups of other terrible behaviors — i.e. drug users — he is tacitly categorizing them together .
That is n’t the same thing as taking his words out of context ; it is , in fact , putting them in context .
Ahem .
An Australian Sea Lion with a critter cam attached to her attacks and eats a huge octopus in South Australia .
As many as 85 per cent of teachers have reported the use of CCTV in their schools and one - in - 10 said cameras had even been placed in toilets .
Credit : Photo : PA
Ok …
Why ?
No seriously , why ?
[ via Bacon Today ]
Seeking $ 335,000 in unpaid advertising bills , Google Inc. filed suit against a small Internet site in Ohio in October .
The complaint was so routine it was just two sentences long .
Google never expected the response it got .
Last month , the small Internet site countered with a 24 - page antitrust lawsuit against Google , accusing the search - engine giant of a litany of monopolistic abuses .
But ...
Iceland volcano from space :
The dramatic ash plume engulfing Britain and ' nightmarish face ' seen from above
Advertisement
Created deep in the volcanic bowels of Iceland , this is the dramatic plume of ash engulfing the UK as seen from space .
The hazy cloud spewing from the Eyjafjallajökull Volcano was captured by the Modis instrument on board Nasa 's Terra and Aqua satellites , which view the entire Earth 's surface once every two days .
Modis was designed to respond rapidly so it can track natural disasters such as floods and forest fires in near real time .
The plume from the Icelandic volcano - seen as a grey - brown streak drifting across the middle of the image - is visible from space .
It was imaged by the Modis instruments on two Nasa satellites as it blew towards the Shetland Islands
In this natural - colour image taken yesterday , we can see the volcanic plume moving south - easterly from southern Iceland .
It blows past the Faroe Islands and arcs slightly towards the north near the Shetland Islands .
The tan hue indicates a fairly high ash content .
The spread of volcanic ash prompted authorities in the UK , Ireland , France , and Scandinavia to close airspace over their countries .
The airspace closure had a ripple effect , disrupting flights all over the world .
Unlike the soft , fluffy material that results from burned vegetation , volcanic ash consists of tiny jagged particles of rock .
Once sucked into an aeroplane ’s turbines , the abrasive material can easily cause engine failure , but an aircraft ’s weather radar ca n’t spot the ash because it is dry .
It is not known how long the airspace closures will last because it depends on how long the volcano continues to erupt as well as wind direction .
The scream : A radar image shows the crater of Eyjafjallajokull in southeast Iceland , which looks like the nightmarish face painted by Edvard Munch
Meanwhile , a radar image of the volcanic crater appears to show a nightmarish face , which is reminscent of Edvard Munch 's painting ' The Scream . '
Coincidentally , it is thought that the masterpiece was inspired by the blood red skies caused by the powerful volcanic eruption of Krakatoa in 1883 .
In his diary Mr Munch wrote : ' I was walking along a path with two friends - the sun was setting - suddenly the sky turned blood red - I paused , feeling exhausted , and leaned on the fence - there was blood and tongues of fire above the blue - black fjord and the city - my friends walked on , and I stood there trembling with anxiety - and I sensed an infinite scream passing through nature . '
The picture was taken by the ELTA radar from an Icelandic Coast Guard airplane .
Poll
Is the closure of British airspace an overreaction ?
Yes No Is the closure of British airspace an overreaction ?
Yes 5292 votes
No 16900 votes
Now share your opinion
Eyjafjallajökull is a stratovolcano composed of alternating layers of ash , lava , and rocks ejected by earlier eruptions .
This volcano rises to a height of 5,466ft above sea level .
It began erupting for the first time in 190 years on March 20 , 2010 .
The eruption opened a 2,000 ft fissure , and also produced lava fountains that built several hills of bubble - filled lava rocks , called scoria , along the vent .
Experts fear that the current eruption could trigger a much larger explosion of nearby Mount Katla .
Katla is described as ' enormously powerful ' , and because it lies under a glacier its eruption would cause a huge glacial outburst flood and could spread its shadow over a much larger area .
Cookies on the Ski Club GB website
We use cookies to help you get the most from our site .
If you continue without changing your settings , we ’ll assume that you ’re happy to receive all cookies on our site .
However , you can change your cookie settings at any time .
Get ready for fame , tweeters of the world : the Library of Congress is archiving for posterity every public tweet made since the service went live back in 2006 .
Every .
Single .
Tweet .
The LOC announced the news , appropriately enough , on Twitter .
Twitter is n't just about being pretentious and notifying the world about the contents of your lunch ( though it 's about those things too ) .
Matt Raymond , one the Library 's official bloggers , notes that " important tweets in the past few years include the first - ever tweet from Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey , President Obama ’s tweet about winning the 2008 election , and a set of two tweets from a photojournalist who was arrested in Egypt and then freed because of a series of events set into motion by his use of Twitter . "
But even those billions of other tweets and retweets , the ones about how you just got back from the worlds ' most epic jog or how you 're sick at home with the crocodile flu or how your crappy Internet connection just went down again and you can't take it any more — those matter too .
There 's been a turn toward historicism in academic circles over the last few decades , a turn that emphasizes not just official histories and novels but the diaries of women who never wrote for publication , or the oral histories of soldiers from the Civil War , or the letters written by a sawmill owner .
The idea is to better understand the context of a time and place , to understand the way that all kinds of people thought and lived , and to get away from an older scholarship that privileged the productions of ( usually ) elite males .
The LoC's Twitter archive will provide a similar service , offering a social history of hipsters , geeks , nerds , and whatever Ashton Kutcher is .
As Twitter continues its march into the mainstream , the service really will offer a real - time , unvarnished look at what 's on people 's minds .
Digital technologies pose a problem for the Library and other archival institutions , though .
By making data so easy to generate and then record , they push archives to think hard about their missions and adapt to new technical challenges .
While archiving the entire Web and all its changes is simply impossible , the Library of Congress has collected a curated , limited subset of Web content " since it began harvesting congressional and presidential campaign websites in 2000 . "
Today , it has 167TB of Web data .
Raymond sums up the Library 's goal : " In other words , if you ’re looking for a place where important historical and other information in digital form should be preserved for the long haul , we ’re it ! "
People seem to agree that this is big news ; as Raymond noted when I contacted him for details , " I 'm already getting flooded .
This is already our biggest re-tweeted tweet ever ! "
So if you do n't want history to remember that burrito you had for dinner last night ( and its aftermath ) , tweet carefully — now it 's for posterity .
( CNN ) -- Contaminated and polluted water now kills more people than all forms of violence including wars , according to a United Nations report released Monday that calls for turning unsanitary wastewater into an environmentally safe economic resource .
" At the beginning of the 21st century , the world faces a water crisis , both of quantity and quality , caused by continuous population growth , industrialization , food production practices , increased living standards and poor water use strategies , " the report by the U.N. Environmental Program says .
As a result , " it is essential that wastewater management is considered as part of integrated , ecosystem - based management that operates across sectors and borders , freshwater and marine . "
The report defines wastewater as a combination of fertilizer runoff , sewage disposal and other animal , agricultural and industrial wastes .
Wastewater a deadly threat
According to the report -- titled " Sick Water ? " -- 90 percent of wastewater discharged daily in developing countries is untreated , contributing to the deaths of some 2.2 million people a year from diarrheal diseases caused by unsafe drinking water and poor hygiene .
At least 1.8 million children younger than 5 die every year from water - related diseases , the report says .
But with proper management , the report notes , " wastewater can be an essential resource for supporting livelihoods . "
For example , some of the chemicals that make wastewater a pollutant , such as nitrogen and phosphorous , can also be useful as fertilizers for agriculture .
" If the world is to thrive , let alone to survive on a planet of 6 billion people heading to over 9 billion by 2050 , we need to get collectively smarter and more intelligent about how we manage waste , including wastewaters , " said Achim Steiner , U.N. under - secretary general and executive director of UNEP .
Despite the staggering statistics included in the report , it " also points to the abundant Green Economy opportunities for turning a mounting challenge into an opportunity with multiple benefits , " Steiner said , citing reduced fertilizer costs , incentives for conserving such ecological infrastructures as wetlands and salt marshes , and business opportunities in engineering and natural resource management .
The report acknowledges that such opportunities will require large - scale investments , such as multimillion dollar sewage treatment plants .
" Financing and investment are urgently needed and must address design , ecosystem restoration construction , operation and maintenance of wastewater infrastructure , " the report says .
But it also offers up simpler solutions , such as education " to ensure water , nutrients and future opportunities for employment and development are not wasted . "
The report 's release was timed to coincide with World Water Day , an initiative started in 1992 that aims to raise the profile of water quality .
Federal Communications Commissioner Mignon Clyburn solidified her role as the agency 's tail gunner on Wednesday with a warning to the big ISPs that the FCC 's patience with rising broadband subscription rates is wearing thin .
" When prices rise across the industry , and where there are only a limited number of players in the game , we have to ask ourselves whether there is any meaningful competition in the marketplace , " Clyburn declared in a public statement .
" Moreover , when executives from major broadband providers indicate that they will only roll out faster speeds in the few markets where they have competition , our fears about whether meaningful competition exists should grow . "
" Across - the - board price increases , " she added , " especially on those who can least afford it , should raise a red flag for the Commission . "
The commentary comes following Comcast 's disclosure that the company plans to boost broadband and TV rates .
" So , just as we are in the process of proposing steps to ensure that more people are comfortable signing up for broadband service , providers of that very service are raising prices , " Clyburn complained .
It also follows the Commissioner 's pointed warning in late December to Verizon about its $ 350 Early Termination Fees , and her public smackdown of civil rights groups that oppose the Commission 's Open Internet proposals .
Digital ambassadors
The FCC 's newest Democrat is n't always in combat mode .
At Tuesday 's Digital Inclusion Summit , held at the Newseum and cosponsored by the Knight Foundation , Clyburn cheerfully laid out a host of proposals to speed up broadband adoption , all of which will appear in the agency 's National Broadband Plan , scheduled for unveiling next week .
These include extending the agency 's Universal Service Fund low - income programs to cover broadband subscription costs , and " exploring using spectrum for a free or very low cost wireless service " ( an idea which , as we 've reported , the agency has actually been exploring for a while ) .
Plus , the Commission is going to propose a " National Digital Literacy Corps , " Clyburn announced , somewhat similar to AmeriCorps and SeniorCorps .
The NDLC will mobilized " digital ambassadors " across the nation .
" This is about neighbors helping neighbors get online , " she explained .
" The Corps can target vulnerable communities with below - average adoption rates , like low - income housing developments , rural towns , Tribal lands , and areas populated primarily by racial and ethnic minorities . "
The same day
But all that lovey dovey " neighbors helping neighbors " stuff was nowhere to be found in Clyburn 's statement about the ISPs on Wednesday .
" The same day we announced these important recommendations designed to usher more Americans into the digital age , " Clyburn continued , " I learned that another major broadband provider is raising its rates for its lowest tiers of broadband service .
So , just as we are in the process of proposing steps to ensure that more people are comfortable signing up for broadband service , providers of that very service are raising prices . "
This warning comes in the context of a series of government studies that report that the main factor discouraging low income Americans from embracing high speed Internet is n't disinterest so much as the monthly price of the service and equipment .
Clyburn cited statistics from these surveys : 36 percent of non-adopters say cost is the main barrier — about two thirds cite the monthly fee and the rest are intimidated by long - term service contracts or installation costs .
" If we are serious as a nation . . . " she concluded , " then we should be very concerned about these ominous signs . "
Too long
The question , of course , is what is the FCC actually going to do about these " ominous signs . "
It 's unclear whether we 'll get any serious pushback against ISP price boosting or the competition problem in the National Broadband Plan —its point guy Blair Levin has already told us that he's not particularly keen about proposals like wholesale line sharing .
But the Commissioners themselves , especially the agency 's three - Democrat majority , can propose new rules and initiate inquiries about pressing problems .
Shortly after Clyburn went after Verizon , the agency sent out a battery of letters to the big wireless companies , asking them to justify their early termination fee policies .
And shortly after that , the " early return fee " that Google charges Nexus One users dropped by $ 200 .
Sooner or later , the FCC is going to have to back this kind of rhetoric up with some action .
Or at least that 's the hope .
" We applaud Commissioner Clyburn for tackling the issue of competition in the broadband market head - on , " the latest missive from the reform group Free Press declares .
" For too long , the FCC has avoided confronting the competition problem , leaving American consumers and business at the mercy of the phone and cable companies . "
— North Carolina pilot Jonathan Trappe flew across the sky Saturday attached to a specialized cluster - balloon chair .
The cluster balloon was launched Saturday afternoon from the Wings of Carolina Flying Club in Sanford .
By 9 p.m. , Trappe was flying over Pittsboro , and by 6:15 a.m. Sunday , he was northwest of Goldsboro .
At one point , he reached a height of 7,000 feet .
" Flying a gas balloon is unlike any other experience .
There is no sound .
No propellers , no jet engines .
No burner , no heart - thumping rotors of a helicopter .
Not even the wind that gliders experience .
This is true , silent flight , ” Trappe wrote on ClusterBalloon.com .
Trappe ’s helium balloon flights are conducted in compliance with Federal Aviation Administration regulations .
His in - flight safety equipment includes two - way aircraft radios , altitude encoding transponder , aviator ’s breathing oxygen , pilot parachute , GPS and an emergency locator beacon .
Organizers said Trappe landed shortly after 7 a.m. Sunday in Fremont .
Trappe is planning to fly over the English Channel in late May or early June , organizers said .
Protesters angry at rising prices , a crumbling economy , and the authoritarian leadership of President Kurmanbek Bakiyev took to the streets of Bishkek , Kyrgyzstan 's capital , on Wednesday and tried to storm the presidential office and a number of other government installations .
The Kyrgyzstan protests also took place in other cities , and the Associated Press reports that at least 17 protesters have been killed and 180 wounded by government troops so far .
Reuter 's quoted a local official as saying the death toll could be as high as 50 .
The instability highlights both Kyrgyzstan 's vital role for the US war in Afghanistan and the compromises both Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama have made to deal with an increasingly unsavory regime .
Critics of Mr. Bakiyev inside and outside of the country charge that US reliance on the Manas Air Base means that Bakiyev feels little pressure to make democratic reforms or hold free elections .
A key air base
The US relies on Manas Air Base ( renamed the " Transit Center at Manas " in 2009 ) to supply NATO forces in Afghanistan .
Russia also has an air base in Kyrgyzstan .
Bakiyev 's parliament voted to kick the foreigners out of the base in 2009 , but Bakiyev later relented after the US promised to increase its annual rent for the base to $ 60 million .
At around the same time , Russia provided $ 2 billion in loan guarantees for Kyrgyzstan , which some analysts say was an inducement to convince Bakiyev to close the US base .
The US contributes a further $ 90 million or so annually to the Kyrgyz government .
While that may reflect political reality -- Manas is the only air base the US has access to in Central Asia – it has meant dealing with a regime accused of a host of human rights abuses .
A litany of abuses
Mr. Bakiyev took power in the so - called " Tulip Revolution " of 2005 , raising hope for democratic reform .
But , as the International Crisis Group put in in 2008 , " instead of opening up politics Bakiyev ... is creating a system whose hallmarks are overweening control by the ruling family , widespread corruption and , most significantly , a monopoly over economic and political patronage . "
The 2009 US State Department Human Rights report , released this March , listed a litany of abuses by Bakiyev 's government :
" The following human rights problems were reported : restrictions on citizens ' right to change their government ; arbitrary killing , torture , and abuse by law enforcement officials ; impunity ; poor prison conditions ; arbitrary arrest and detention ; lack of judicial independence ; pressure on nongovernmental organizations ( NGOs ) and opposition leaders , including government harassment ; pressure on independent media ; government detention of assembly organizers ; authorities ' failure to protect refugees adequately ; pervasive corruption ; discrimination against women ... child abuse ; trafficking in persons ; and child labor , " the report says .
Bakiyev was reelected last year with 76 percent of the vote .
The State Department wrote that " local and international independent observers concluded that the election failed to meet many of the country 's international commitments and was marred by widespread ballot box stuffing , multiple voting , and misuse of government resources . "
Will the protests spread ?
How far the protests could extend , or what the repercussions will be for the regime , were unclear at mid-morning eastern time on Wednesday .
Wire reports from the capital said that about 1,000 protesters had stormed and were trashing the prosecutor general 's office and that protesters had seized government buildings in at least three other towns .
While it would appear that Bakiyev could muster enough force to put down the protests – particularly if key donors like the US , Russia , and China signal they will turn a blind eye – that will not address the widespread poverty and deteriorating economic conditions that have fueled the country 's latest crisis .
( This article was corrected after posting to clarify the Russia role in Kyrgyzstan ) .
Modern Warfare 2's story put a frowny face on the writer of Crysis 2 .
To Richard Morgan , the sci - fi author hired to pen Crysis 2 , Modern Warfare 2 is not the game it should have been .
At a recent Crysis 2 event held in New York ( covered by The Escapist here ) , Morgan told CVG that the story of Modern Warfare 2 just does n't cut the mustard .
" I thought Modern Warfare 2 was an immense disappointment , " he said .
Does n't he know that Modern Warfare 2 is the most popular game of all time , and therefore has no flaws ?
Ah , sarcasm .
He went on to say that Modern Warfare 2 is a " massive step down from Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare " and that the " story is worse and the game does n't really hang together , it 's just a bunch of mission levels . "
" It made no sense .
It was totally implausible .
It does n't resolve .
Basically , all the things that bad storytelling does .
I just think they were way too impressed with themselves and that 's always a danger .
It 's just unfortunate . "
The world does n't seem to have the same opinion as Morgan , or care as much , considering how people have already played Modern Warfare 2 for 200,000 years on Xbox Live alone up to this point .
It 's always nice to see a dissenting opinion of a game that is so popular , but it 's a little harder to accept from someone working on a competing product .
However , Morgan 's impartiality could be shown in later comments made about Uncharted 2 .
" Everything that did n't work very well , they fixed or ramped up or did something with , " he said of Naughty Dog 's recent effort .
Is this just one man 's opinion , or did Modern Warfare 2 really disappoint as far as the single - player game goes ?
Source : CVG
I ’m not exactly sure if this is a shopped job or not , but this French lord vader condom envelope , translated word for word to “ I will not be your father ! ” , is so full of win , it makes the geek in me feel like squealing in glee !
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
Professor Suspended After Joke About Killing Students on Facebook
More workers getting fired over social media rants .
March 3 , 2010  --
The list of Facebook faux - pas just grew longer .
Gloria Gadsden , a sociology professor at East Stroudsburg University in Pennsylvania , says she was suspended last week after updating her Facebook status with complaints about work that alluded to violence .
In January , she wrote : " Does anyone know where I can find a very discrete hitman ?
Yes , it 's been that kind of day … "
Then in February : " had a good day today .
DIDN'T want to kill even one student . :-) .
Now Friday was a different story . "
Gadsden says she posted the comments in jest , on a profile she thought could only be seen by friends and family .
She says officials were notified of the posts by a student -- even though she says she had no students in her " friend " list .
Just a Bad Day
" I was just having a bad day , and I was venting to family and friends , " says Gadsden , who says she did n't realize her comments could be read by the public after Facebook relaxed its privacy standards in December .
" My friends and family knew I was being facetious .
They knew I was n't targeting anyone . "
Nevertheless , university officials were unhappy about the allusions to violence in the posts , she says , and in a meeting with her even mentioned the recent shooting spree by a disgruntled biologist at the University Alabama - Huntsville .
" Given the climate of security concerns in academia , the university has an obligation to take all threats seriously and act accordingly , " Marilyn Wells , ESU 's interim provost and vice president for academic affairs told The Chronicle of Education last week .
Wells and other university officials did not return calls from ABC News seeking comment .
Boss ' Hurt Pride
Workers have been getting in trouble often over their online vents .
Not only do employers want to control their online image as closely as they can , but they are also vulnerable , like anybody else , to hurt pride .
" When you badmouth your boss and the boss is hearing , whether you 're doing it online or at the coffee maker , the boss is n't going to be happy , " says Jonathan Ezor , assistant professor of Law and Technology at Touro Law Center in Huntington , N.Y .
" The fact that it 's online makes it more easily findable and have a broader potential impact . "
Obscenities Draw Attention
The comments that provoke employers into action usually contain obscenities or exaggerations that could hurt relations with customers .
Last year , for example , Dan Leone , a stadium worker for the Philadelphia Eagles , was fired after he reacted with an online obscenity to news that one of the Eagles ' star players was leaving to join the Denver Broncos .
" Dan is [ deleted ] devastated about Dawkins signing with Denver .
Dam Eagles R Retarted , " was the comment that cost Leone his job .
Although he later apologized and tried to get his job back , his employer would n't budge .
'' If you know your boss is online , or anyone close to your boss is online , do n't be making comments that can be detrimental to your employment , '' Leone told The New York Times after the incident .
Virgin Workers Fired
In the U.K. , Virgin Atlantic Airlines fired 13 cabin crew members after they made fun of passengers in their postings and quipped about defective engines .
The discount airline , owned by Sir Richard Branson , told The Guardian at the time that the postings were " totally inappropriate " and " brought the company into disrepute . "
Social media mavens can even get in trouble before they 've been hired .
Remember the case of the Cisco fatty that went viral last year ?
Cisco Fatty's Lost Opportunity
One Twitter user posted an update last year saying " Cisco just offered me a job !
Now I have to weigh the utility of a fatty paycheck against the daily commute to San Jose and hating the work . "
A Cisco employee responded , " Who is the hiring manager ?
I 'm sure they would love to know that you will hate the work .
We here at Cisco are versed in the Web . "
Needless to say , the applicant did not end up working at Cisco .
Several Web sites , such as JobVent.com , have sprung up in recent years to make it easier for employees to vent their job frustrations online .
There 's even a website called IhateDell .
net that allows employees ( and customers ) to air their complaints about the computer maker .
In some cases , online postings by disgruntled employees can seriously damage a company 's bottom line .
Just ask Domino's Pizza .
Gross Misconduct
Domino 's sales dropped last year after an employee posed for five YouTube videos .
In one , he stuffed cheese up his nose and put it into a sandwich .
In another , he sneezed into a cheese steak sandwich .
Once the poser and the photographer -- also a Domino 's employee -- were identified , they were fired and sued by Dominos .
In this case , the transgression seemed very clear .
But employees often complain that their online posts are only used as excuses to fire them .
" It 's not unusual for an employee to allege that the real reason for adverse employment action is discrimination and and that the employer 's stated justification is a subterfuge , " says Philip Gordon , a lawyer with Littler , Mendelson who defends employers in privacy disputes .
Gadsden , the professor from East Stroudsburg , says that university officials have been discriminating against her ever since she wrote an essay in The Chronicle of Higher Education saying universities do n't do enough to retain minority faculty .
Ever since that essay ran , she says , some officials started making her life difficult .
" Their reaction ( to the posts ) was exaggerated , " says Gadsden , noting that she was not giving a warning or a chance to correct her actions before she was suspended .
" It was not for my essay they may have not responded in that way . "
Another day , another slew of articles about marriage .
Who 's doing it .
How successful they are .
( Turns out living together first decreases your chances !
Who knew ? )
And how " the path " to marriage " has been obscured " by icky , newfangled , lets - hang - out dating culture .
Advertisement
Marriages Last Longer Than Living Together , glowers the Reuters headline .
You have to read to the bottom of paragraph two before learning this CDC study reveals that the principal reason cohabitation is less enduring than marriage is ... because most cohabiting couples turn into married couples within three years of signing their first lease .
Also , most 13 - year - olds turn 14 within the year !
It 's hardly news that most people approach cohabitation as an interstitial stage — something you do because you love each other and share a commitment to the relationship , something you do until either the usual sorts of problems do you part , or the prospect of marriage solidifies and becomes mutually desirable .
( The number of couples , I think , who enter into cohabitation exactly as they would a marriage , that is , with the specific intention of the relationship lasting until death , but know also that they do not wish to ever marry , is small . )
People live together in good faith , you believe that what you have might last — but if it does n't , well , at least you do n't have to go through a divorce .
Advertisement
The same study reveals that for the average couple , living together before getting married actually decreases , by 6 % , the chance that their marriage will last ten years or more .
( The opposite is true of couples where both members are college - educated , suggesting the vast role class plays in this discussion . )
This seems to suggest that some relationships — wait for it — simply are n't going to last , no matter what .
Living together for long periods strikes me as an eminently logical option .
For one thing , even if a given relationship is ultimately unsuccessful , cohabitation socializes you into the ways of a partnership , sensitizes you to living full - time in the presence of another person , and their needs , and teaches you how to recognize your own needs , too .
( It can also make you aware of the unexamined beliefs about work , relationships , love , and gender roles that we all carry . )
Cohabitation teaches negotiation and relationship diplomacy .
Meanwhile , there is a mountain of evidence that marriage negatively impacts women .
While in the past , in exchange for this personal cost , women , as wives , were extended some small measure of social protection , at least in the West marriage is no longer the necessary precondition for sex , childbearing , or women 's economic security .
( Or even for being looked in the eye at the grocery store . )
We have control over our own fertility .
We have the right to maintain assets separate to any relationship .
And we have the means to rid ourselves of unsuitable partners — and while divorce and breaking up a live - in union can be financially costly , it mercifully retains almost no social stigma .
The market has been deregulated .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
And that freaks some people out , apparently .
Writes Hannah Seligson in the Wall Street Journal :
Unlike our boomer and hippie mothers who broke the rules of the ' 50s , my generation is marriage - minded .
But society 's messages to young women are so mixed that the path to that goal has been obscured and , at times , blocked .
Those of us in our 20s and 30s know that dating — and getting into a relationship that leads to marriage — is at turns ambiguous , arduous , perplexing and often heartbreaking .
Advertisement
Nobody warned me there would be heartbreak !
" People are desperately looking for order out there , because they want to be in committed relationships , " says 26 - year - old Jessica Massa , who runs WTFIsUpWithMyLoveLife , which names ours the age of " post - dating , " and sets about a superficial interrogation .
" But the lack of signposts and guidance is making it very hard to get to the point where you end up in one . "
The editor of Thrillist , 29 - year - old Adam Rich , says this : " This whole set of cliché indicators — call a girl to ask her out for drinks , then later a dinner date — are becoming less the dating norm .
What if he Facebook messages her to meet at a wine bar where they share small plates ?
Where does that put them on the roadmap to the altar ? "
Advertisement
Perhaps it 's naïve , but I do n't see the problem as relating to the small plates .
I think the problem is that people are still writing articles that refer to " the path " to marriage and " the roadmap " to the altar .
As if there were only one , and as if that were the goal of every man and woman on earth .
Whether you 're re-enacting the late - 1950s ritualistic courtship that was the American " date , " locking eyes across the happy hour crowd , or eating off plates of whatever size , the key is n't measuring your relationship against some ( historically and culturally specific , probably half - imagined ) gold standard and its various ( spurious , wholly constructed , kind of silly ) " signposts " and " indicators " — it 's whether or not you like each other .
If you do n't , then I think you know what to do .
( Turn the experience into a laceratingly self - deprecating exaggerated tale of woe for your friends and mine it for laughs , duh . )
If you did , great !
Then do whatever it was that you enjoyed with that person again , maybe a bunch of times ; stop and move on when it 's not so good anymore .
Advertisement
Either that , or get married and stay married for 11 months and 8 days .
I hear science proved it 's all down hill from there .
Image via
Forget " Committed " ; Women Want To Marry But Face New Obstacles [ WSJ ]
Living Together First Does n't Make Marriage Last , Says Study [ NYTimes ]
Marriages Last Longer Than Living Together [ Reuters ]
Survey : Couples happiest At Three - Year Mark [ UPI ]
Japanese voters are angry .
Last year , they elected a liberal - left reform party that promised to close the U.S. Futenma military base in Okinawa .
Last month , the voters in Nago , on the northern part of the island chain , elected a mayor who opposed the relocation of Futenma to their town .
The incumbent mayor who lost supported the construction .
Yet , the U.S. government is trying to bully the Japanese government with the threat of serious consequences if it does n’t accept relocating the base .
But the people of Japan are not backing down .
They want Futenma closed .
And the U.S. people should support them .
Japan ’s Akahata newspaper reports that at the planned construction site for relocating Futenma , Nago residents have been staging a sit - in struggle against the plan .
They have set up a a tent community on the place where the U.S. plans to build an on - sea heliport , destroying important marine habitat , including coral reefs , with a massive landfill .
The Futenma base opposition is not new .
Residents of Okinawa have argued against its relocation for more than a dozen years , according to activist Nishikawa Ikuo .
“ This mayoral election result shows a firm refusal of the construction of a new U.S. base , ” Nishikawa told Akahata .
“ We have argued against the construction plan for 13 years .
The election result accurately reflects the Nago people ’s opposition .
I want the government to respect our demand . ”
There are some 14 U.S. military bases on Okinawa , which have caused long - standing problems , among them pollution and crime .
U.S. soldiers have assaulted , and even raped , Okinawan residents over the years , infuriating the people there and leading to anti-American tensions .
In 2005 , the U.S. and Japan signed an agreement to move Futenma to Henoko ( near Nago ) .
But the will of the Japanese people has to be taken into account .
U.S. - based Just Foreign Policy is urging people to send a message to President Obama and Congress to “ respect democracy in Japan ” and close , not relocate , the Futenma Air Base .
Such a move would not endanger U.S. security .
It would enhance it by showing that the U.S. respects Japan .
It would also save billions of dollars a year – for both U.S. and Japanese taxpayers – that could be put to human and environmental needs .
It ’s the kind of change U.S. voters wanted too .
Photo : People join a protest rally against the U.S. Marine Corps base Futenma in Okinawa , Nov. 18 , 2009 .
Nathan Keirn/CC
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- The Securities and Exchange Commission on Friday charged Goldman Sachs & Co. GS , +2.12 % and one of its vice presidents for defrauding investors by misstating and omitting key facts about a financial product related to subprime mortgages .
The SEC alleges that Goldman Sachs structured and marketed a collateralized debt obligation that hinged on the performance of subprime residential mortgage - backed securities .
However , it failed to disclose the role that a major hedge fund , Paulson & Co. , played in the portfolio selection process as well as the fact that the hedge fund had taken a short position against the CDO .
" Goldman wrongly permitted a client that was betting against the mortgage market to heavily influence which mortgage securities to include in an investment portfolio , while telling other investors that the securities were selected by an independent , objective third party , " said Robert Khuzami , director of the division of enforcement , in a statement .
The legal debate over America ’s undeclared drone war in Pakistan is getting sharper :
In a congressional hearing yesterday , a prominent law professor suggested that drone operators could , in , theory , be liable to criminal prosecution for “ war crimes . ”
It 's just one of the many sticky legal issues raised by observers of the CIA 's ( and the military 's ) lethal drone operations .
" This is not an academic debate , " Shane Harris of National Journal noted earlier this year .
" Quietly , and with little apparent notice from the Obama administration , a broad range of important international actors are raising fundamental questions about the legality of drone strikes , particularly in countries where the United States does not have a military presence . "
Kenneth Anderson , one of the law professors involved in the discussion , stated in his testimony ( . pdf ) that the one of the main challenges to drone campaign comes from the “ international law community ” – an influential group of players that includes UN investigators , human - rights activists and other critics .
In in our comments section , Anderson elaborated a bit more on this point .
" I regard the participation of the CIA in this activity as well as covert action under orders from the President and as an exercise in legitimate ' self - defense ' in international law as both legal and , from a political and policy standpoint , a very good thing , " he said .
" The questions I raised were not from a belief that it was illegal or a bad idea , but that underlying many of the objections – whether from academics , activists , UN officials , and others – is a fundamental objection to the idea of a covert civilian service that in under certain circumstances uses force .
I think that covert civilian service is lawful and a good idea - but underlying many people ’s objections is an unstated premise that it is not . "
In an e-mail , Danger Room pal Peter Singer – who testified in the first hearing on this subject – amplified another point :
The drone war has blurred the traditional lines between contractors , uniformed military and intelligence personnel .
" Again , the problem is n't so much bad people in these roles or malicious intent , but that we are really flouting the original vision of dividing out roles in realms of policy and war , such as how Title 10 [ the military ] and 50 [ intelligence agencies ] were to be something different , and that difference used to be very important both politically and legally , " he said .
" Whether its doublehatting the NSA and military cyber command , the CIA recreating the 21st century equivalent of the force of B - 26 s it not so ' covertly ' used in the Bay of Pigs , or the rise of ' government owned - contractor operated ' weapons platforms , there is a lot of strange morphing of uniformed military , civilian intelligence , and private business roles going on . "
Under the Obama administration , the drone war in Pakistan has steadily escalated ; CIA Director Leon Panetta has described the Predator strikes as " the only game in town " in terms of trying to disrupt al Qaeda operations and decapitate its leadership .
But the tangle of legal and bureaucratic issues created by the campaign promises to have very real political consequences .
As Mike Innes of Current Intelligence writes Danger Room : " Intelligence and SF / SOF [ special operations ] targeting in general is a surprisingly ordinary , bureaucratic process .
Ca n't imagine there 's all that much that 's fundamentally different about the drones approach .
If I had to guess , there 's a long chain of individuals who take small decisions that add up to one big one .
Everyone 's responsible , so no one 's responsible ... which does n't mean someone somewhere wo n't be covered in sh*t once it hits the fan over all this . "
[ PHOTO : Noah Shachtman ]
See Also :
It was previously known that Mr. Goss had been told by his aides in November 2005 that the tapes had been destroyed .
But a number of documents released Thursday provide the most detailed glimpse yet of the deliberations inside the C.I.A. surrounding the destroyed tapes , and of the concern among officials at the spy agency that the decision might put the C.I.A. in legal jeopardy .
The documents detailing those deliberations , including two e-mail messages from a C.I.A. official whose name has been excised , were released as part of a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union .
The e-mail messages also reveal that top White House officials were angry that the C.I.A. had not notified them before the tapes were destroyed .
The e-mail messages mention a conversation between Harriet E. Miers , the White House counsel , and John A. Rizzo , the C.I.A. ’s top lawyer , in which Ms. Miers was “ livid ” about being told after the fact .
“ Rizzo is clearly upset , because he was on the hook to notify Harriet Miers of the status of the tapes because it was she who had asked to be advised before any action was taken , ” according to one of the e-mail messages .
Image Porter J. Goss , shown in May 2006 , joked with Jose A. Rodriguez Jr. , the former head of the C.I.A.'s clandestine service , after the latter offered to “ take the heat ” for destroying tapes that documented brutal interrogation of detainees , agency documents show .
Credit ... Andrew Councill for The New York Times
In 2002 , C.I.A. operatives in Thailand videotaped the interrogations of Abu Zubaydah and Abd al - Rahim al - Nashiri , two Qaeda suspects whom the C.I.A. was holding in secret in that country .
More than a hundred tapes were made , and many were kept in a safe in the C.I.A. station in Bangkok .
According to former C.I.A. officials , Mr. Rodriguez ordered the tapes destroyed in November 2005 because he feared that if the tapes were to become public it would put undercover C.I.A. officers in legal and physical jeopardy .
Russia rescued British energy consumers by ensuring a steady flow of gas into the power network as supplies from Norway faltered during the cold weather , industry customers users said today .
As the National Grid warned of a " high " possibility of shortages in the north - east and south - west owing to another cold snap , the Major Energy Users ' Council said Britain had been lucky to survive without shortages .
Eddie Proffitt , chairman of the council 's gas group , said : " The [ British ] gas industry has coped very well but we have been lucky .
It would have been desperate if we had seen the kind of disputes between Russia and Ukraine that have reduced gas flows on the continent in the past two or three Januaries . "
Politicians said four " gas balancing alerts " – warnings of pending shortages – in the space of a week meant it was time Britain reviewed its whole energy policy .
" This winter has shown the system we have devised does not have the resilience it should have .
It runs on a ' just - in - time ' principle which has economic benefits when it works but risks ending up in a ' just - too - late ' if all goes wrong , " said John Hemming , MP for Birmingham Yardley .
" If the Russians had hit the kind of problems with its neighbours seen in previous years then we would have toppled off the knife edge we have been sitting on with our gas supplies . "
The disruptions to supplies from Norway – normally seen as highly reliable – left Britain importing gas through the interconnector pipeline which runs from Zeebrugge in Belgium to Bacton in north Norfolk .
In previous years shortages from Siberia have led German and Dutch suppliers to halt gas exports to Britain .
The National Grid admitted that much of the stress in the gas supply system had been caused by technical problems on Norwegian fields such as Ormen Lange and Troll but said everything was back to normal .
A Grid spokeswoman insisted the gas alerts had worked as they were expected to : drawing new supplies from other sources , such as liquefied natural gas on board vessels and the continent .
She declined to comment on what would have happened if Russian gas had not been flowing normally .
The Major Energy Users ' Council also had serious concerns that changes to the regulatory regime next year could make the situation worse .
Proffitt said there were 1,250 customers around Britain on " interruptible " gas contracts , but this number would fall to 27 by October 2011 when new Ofgem regulations come into force .
" Some of our members are very concerned about this because they fear a supply shortage could lead to demands that sites lose their gas .
Many of those who choose to have interruptible contracts have back - up power sources such as diesel - fired generators , " he said .
Nearly 100 customers had their power cut at one stage last week , including the Vauxhall car plant at Ellesmere Port on Merseyside .
National Grid said none were cut off today though its website earlier in the day had said that there was a high risk of interruptions in the north - east and south - west .
This eased off later .
Asked about his technique , Banksy said : “ I use whatever it takes .
Sometimes that just means drawing a moustache on a girl ’s face on some billboard , sometimes that means sweating for days over an intricate drawing .
Efficiency is the key . ”
Oh , wait !
Maybe we should start by explaining who the heck is Banksy first of all ?
Who is Banksy ?
Banksy is a quasi- anonymous English graffiti artist .
According to Tristan Manco , Banksy “ was born in 1974 and raised in Bristol , England .
The son of a photocopier technician , he trained as a butcher but became involved in graffiti during the great Bristol aerosol boom of the late 1980s . ”
His artworks are often satirical pieces of art on topics such as politics , culture , and ethics .
He ’s gone from a teenage tagger to a well - known artist making multi-million dollar art .
His style and message have , ironically , been wholeheartedly embraced by the very type of people he mocks .
Can I buy one ?
According to Wikipedia , Banksy does not sell photos of street graffiti ( why should anyone be interested in buying PHOTOS of graffiti in the first place ? ) .
Art auctioneers have been known to attempt to sell his street art on location and leave the problem of its removal in the hands of the winning bidder .
Technique
He mentions in his book , ‘ Wall and Piece ‘ , that as he was starting to do graffiti that he was always too slow and was either caught or could never finish the art in the one sitting .
So he devised a series of intricate stencils to minimise time and overlapping of the colour .
Enough of the theory , I ’m sure most of you know more about him and will share it in the comment section .
Happy scrolling !
( Sources : banksy.co.uk | Wikipedia | www.briansewell.com | boredpanda| weburbanist.com |timesonline.co.uk )
Washing
( Image credits banksy via boredpanda )
“ Ignorance can be costly in the Banksy exploitation business .
It was reported that “ bungling workmen painted over a mural by famed street artist Banksy worth £ 100,000 ” .
Last week , 60 - year - old Sam Khan , purveyor of luggage and football scarves to the denizens of Tottenham Court Road , London , was inconsolable after flogging a Banksy that had been painted on his stall for £ 1,000 and discovering that it could be worth £ 500,000 .
Poor love . ”  ( guardian.co.uk )
Stream Roller Warden
( Image credits banksy via boredpanda )
Banksy ’s real name is not , as is commonly believed and has been widely reported , Robert or Robin Banks .
In July 2008 , it was claimed by The Mail on Sunday that Banksy ’s real name is Robin Gunningham
Maid in London
( Image credits canonsnapper via boredpanda )
Worthless
( Image credits banksy via boredpanda )
Virtual Play , Los Angeles
( Image credits : Cody Simms via boredpanda )
Guantanamo
( Image credits banksy via boredpanda )
Secured
( Image credits : Trois Tetes ( TT ) via boredpanda )
Cowboy Kid
( Image credits banksy via boredpanda )
Girl Sliding , London , UK
( Image credits : unusualimage via boredpanda )
You Looked Better on Myspace , Los Angeles , USA
( Image credits : Anya_ via boredpanda )
Not sure whether it ’s Banksy or not , anybody ?
Zorro
( Image credits banksy via boredpanda )
Snorting Copper
( Image credits : What What via boredpanda )
After following a white paint trail around the streets of shoreditch it ends up at this stencil .
No Ball Games
( Image credits banksy via boredpanda )
Barcode Escape
( Image credits : a_kep via boredpanda )
Peaches
( Image credits banksy via boredpanda )
Banksy ’s New Orleans Tour
Banksy ’s recent journey to America included a trip to New Orleans to decorate some of the buildings affected by Hurricane Katrina .
On his website , Banksy talks about his first impressions of Nola : “ I looked out the window of the taxi on the drive into New Orleans and remarked – “ There ’s still so much devastation – I ca n’t believe they have n’t cleaned this mess up . ”
To which the driver stared at me and said “ This part of was n’t affected by the hurricane – it ’s always looked like this . ” 
Girl With Umbrella
( image credits : artbymags via boredpanda )
Boy and Umbrella
( Image credits : Karen Apricot New Orleans via boredpanda )
No Loitering
( Image credits : unknown )
Abraham Lincoln
( Image credits banksy via boredpanda )
Rat and a Girl
( Image credits banksy via boredpanda )
Banksy Fridge Kite
( Image credits : Infrogmation via boredpanda )
It WAS on St. Claude Avenue .
Currently it looks like this : view
Simpsons
( Image credits : the lonely villein via boredpanda )
Boy on a Lifebuoy
( Image credits : lacraig819 via boredpanda )
Someone ruined it , view here .
Looters
( Image credits : Infrogmation via boredpanda )
Someone damaged it by sticking a big Obama ’s face on it , view here .
Banksy in Palestine
“ How illegal is it to vandalize a wall ” , asks Banksy in his website introduction to his Wall project , if the wall itself has been deemed unlawful by the International Court of Justice ?
The Israeli government is building a wall surrounding the occupied Palestinian territories .
It stands three times the height of the Berlin wall and will eventually run for over 700 km – the distance from London to Zurich .
The “ guerrilla artist ” 
Banksy has helped to transform the security barrier that surrounds the town with more than a dozen satirical images painted , plastered and sprayed on to the 8 m - high ( 26ft ) concrete .
The work winds a trail to the heart of the city at Manger Square , where more than a dozen pieces are housed directly across from the Church of the Nativity .
More info on the Wall project , here .
Wach video here .
Girl and a Soldier
( Image credits : unknown )
Located on the side of a building in Bethlehem , Occupied West Bank .
The piece is located on one of the main roads , leading out towards the Bethlehem checkpoint to Jerusalem .
It is drawn on the side of a building , not on the Wall itself , largely for security reasons .
The soldiers do not take kindly to professional entities spending a lot of time at one place on the Wall .
Such people are generally arrested for terrorist activity and accused of trying to destroy , blow up , or weaken the structure .
Tank
( Image credits : eddiedangerous via boredpanda )
Cut Out
( Image credits : unknown )
Dove
( Image credits : hazy jenius via boredpanda )
“ This wall marks the spot where over 40 people were killed during the first Intafada ( the little holes along the top are from bullets ) .
While Banksy was painting it a lot of people came over , some to shake his hand and others telling him to go away .
Eventually the local MP was called out to diffuse the eighty - strong crowd that had built up ( by which time Banksy had left and the piece was completed by the local kids ) .
” – eddiedangerous
Chairs
( Image credits banksy via boredpanda )
Rage
( Image credits : Paul Wood )
Girl with Balloons
( Image credits amerune via boredpanda )
Horse
( Image credits : briansewell.com via boredpanda )
Gap in the Wall
( Image credits : jamestraceur via boredpanda )
Snowman
( Image credits banksy via boredpanda )
Not a common graffiti , but it ’s on Banksy ’s official website .
Baby Bath
( Image credits banksy via boredpanda )
Eat the Rich
( Image credits banksy via boredpanda )
Kissing Coppers
( Image credits banksy via boredpanda )
Hunters
( Image credits banksy via boredpanda )
KKK
( Image credits : Dystopos via boredpanda )
Kentucky Fox
( Image credits banksy via boredpanda )
Phone Boxes , New York City , USA
( Image credits banksy via boredpanda )
BBoy
( Image credits banksy via boredpanda )
Take This Society
( Image credits : eddiedangerous via boredpanda )
Wider view
In February , 2008 a stencilled graffiti work appeared on Thames Water tower in the middle of the Holland Park roundabout , and it was widely attributed to Banksy .
It was of a child painting the tag “ Take this Society ”  in bright orange .
London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham spokesman , Councillor Greg Smith branded the art as vandalism , and ordered its immediate removal , which was carried out by H&F council workmen within three days
Flower
( Image credits banksy via boredpanda )
What Are You Looking at ?
( Image credits : nolifebeforecoffee via boredpanda )
One Nation Under CCTV
( Image credits : ogglog via boredpanda )
The Westminster City Council stated in October 2008 that the work “ One Nation Under CCTV ” , painted in April 2008 will be painted over as it is graffiti .
The council says it will remove any graffiti , regardless of the reputation of its creator , and specifically stated that Banksy has no more right to paint graffiti than a child .
The work was painted over in April 2009 .
Cashpoint Girl , London , UK
( Image credits : Trois Tetes ( TT ) via boredpanda )
Graffiti Area
( Image credits : What What via boredpanda )
Rat
( Image credits : Tal Bright via boredpanda )
Rat Mural on Canal Street , Chinatown , New York City
( Image credits : caruba via boredpanda )
Rude Boy Rat
( Image credits : What What via boredpanda )
Blank Walls
( Image credits : Broken Simulacra via boredpanda )
This one is in Melbourne , not sure if it ’s really Banksy .
Toxic
( Image credits : What What via boredpanda )
“ Ah rats !! spilt the nuclear waste . ”
Off the Wall
( Image credits : What What via boredpanda )
“ Rat Restaurant with red carpet . ”
Cave Painting
( Image credits : badjonni via boredpanda )
Rat , Liverpool , UK
( Image credits : Klara Kim via boredpanda )
Urban Education
( Image credits : wokka via boredpanda )
Oh wait , this is not Banksy !
Well , ok – lets leave it here .
Thug for Life
( Image credits : silverfox09 via boredpanda )
Tesco
( Image credits : jordi.martorell via boredpanda )
“ Hordes of photographers descended on Savemain pharmacy in Essex Road , Islington , after so - called “ guerrilla artist ” Banksy painted a large mural on the wall .
It depicts three children pledging allegiance to a flagpole with a Tesco plastic bag flying from it . ” – Islington Gazette
Girl Holding a Bomb
( Image credits : kai ( =herrner ) via boredpanda )
Jumping Girl
( Image credits : unknown )
Ice Cream Bomb
( Image credits : matski_98 via boredpanda )
Pulp
( Image credits : StefZ via boredpanda )
Rats with Signs
( Image credits : tiny_tear via boredpanda )
These are in 2 different locations .
Bored Panda ’s premise is , that the stencils are drawn over the messages , that were previously left by other “ street criminals ” .
Banksy Sniper & Boy , Bristol , UK
( Image credits : JOHN19701970 via boredpanda )
Anti-capitalism for Sale , Los Angeles
( Image credits : Cody Simms via boredpanda )
No Ball Games , London , UK
( Image credits : steve_w via boredpanda )
The Mild Mild West , Bristol , UK
( Image credits : Trois Tetes ( TT ) via boredpanda )
Rat Race , New Zealand
( Image credits : Riv via boredpanda )
Mona Lisa with Bazooka
( Image credits : unknown )
Hidden away on a wall overlooking the Thames at Trinity Buoy Wharf London
Mona Lisa Showing Her Bum
( Image credits : unknown )
Just found some info on that , and it appears that this graffiti was done by Nick Walker , not Banksy .
Caveman , Los Angeles
( Image credits : Lord Jim via boredpanda )
Man and Picture of a Dog , London , UK
( Image credits : atomicShed via boredpanda )
TV Thrown from a Window , London , UK
( Image credits : mermaid99 via boredpanda )
Girl with a Baloon , London , UK
( Image credits : David Boyle via boredpanda )
Artist , London , UK
( Image credits : unusualimage via boredpanda )
Naked Man
( Image credits : Ajuk via boredpanda )
Naked Man image by Banksy , on the wall of a sexual health clinic in Park Street , Bristol .
Following popular support , the City Council have decided it will be allowed to remain .
P.S. : if you like what you just saw you might be interested in Banksy ’s best selling book Wall and Piece .
Over 10 years ago , my wife and I decided to out TV from our lives .
We are not television snobs , far from teetotalers , and believe that many aspects of life can be enjoyed in moderation .
But television had become something of a negative for us , and we wondered what our lives would be like if we tried giving it up for a short period and then see what happened .
We did , choosing the period of Lent in 1995 , and that short period continues to this day .
I rank our disposing of the national pacifier among our most important joint decisions , right up there with deciding to get married or where to raise our children .
Our problems with television would be familiar for many .
Watching the tube was time consuming , taking us away from other activities .
We knew we ’d receive much more long - term benefit , in terms of living a fuller life , from reading books , being engaged with others socially , and bonding with our kids .
Also , we found it quite controlling .
We ’d catch ourselves being interested in television characters who in real life we would consider morons .
While there was often programming we found worthwhile — movies on American Movie Classics and the occasional Letterman monologue , for instance — such programming was rare .
But we ’d still watch .
I remembered an incident when I lived in an apartment complex in San Antonio .
Walking from the parking lot to our apartment involved passing over 20 identical living rooms , and one evening , after taking out the garbage during one of Clinton ’s televised addresses , I noticed that every one of these living rooms had the president ’s happy mug on a television screen .
Every one .
Having read Orwell in a high school English class — something that was common before the federalization of public education — I found this development appalling .
Was this Texas or Oceana ?
Also , our decision to out TV came from wanting to make a conscious choice not to live out lives watching other people live .
Life is vicarious enough .
Why add to it ?
So I called our cable company and asked to have our service disconnected .
The cable lady thought I was joking .
She then reacted as though we were on life support and asking to have the oxygen tube removed .
" Darlin ’ , " she said , " you ca n’t live life without TV . "
Nonetheless , we sold our 19 - inch television and put the proceeds toward a 13 - inch combination TV / VCR that we kept in a closet .
( This has since been replaced with a similar TV / DVD player combo . )
While we watch occasional movies and other offerings available on DVDs , we often watch television when staying in hotel rooms or relatives ’ houses , events that occur two or three times a year .
Nonetheless , over the last decade , we have been oblivious to several popular ( or notorious ) shows that have since come and gone .
I have never seen a reality show ( because these came about after we quit television ) , and only recently figured out what Bill O’Reilly looked like .
My son was 6 years old when he realized that television had uses that did n’t involve removable media .
This arrangement allows us to use television on our terms .
We use it .
It does n’t use us .
But that cable lady had a point .
She knew that we were consigning ourselves to a life of not getting the conversation at many dinner parties or of cutting away from a common bond that connects many people in society .
She was also right given the pervasiveness of television in the public square .
They are in bathrooms , restaurants , cars , sporting events , waiting rooms , airplanes , barber shops , and even Wal - Marts .
I do n’t know if they are in some churches , but I would n’t be surprised , given how many modern churches have taken on the appearance of television studios .
No one escapes television completely .
And she was right in terms of public discussion .
The small talk at most social gatherings center on what people are currently watching .
( Hint :
If you ever want some bore to leave you alone at a party , simply tell him you do n’t watch TV . )
My college students often support classroom arguments by referencing something they saw on CNN or the History Channel .
This is a particular area in which television ’s costs are great .
Becoming informed takes some work .
This traditionally involved reading books , newspapers , and magazines to develop opinions about what you believed ( or did n’t ) .
Unfortunately , some of the most uninformed people I meet each day receive their news solely from television , which reduces complex social problems into emotional , highly manipulative one - or two - minute segments .
And these people vote .
The Framers of the Constitution created a decentralized republic , and explicitly not a democracy , because they knew that the latter tended toward centralization and tyranny .
Even Jefferson believed that the small role actual voting would play in the new country would only be tolerable with an educated electorate .
Not only would he hate television , he ’d despair over a culture that promotes democracy and television as goods that must be universally available .
What does it mean for freedom when so many voters are only informed to the extent possible through CNN and Fox News ?
To take one example , consider some recent poll data .
Forty - seven per cent of Americans believed that Saddam Hussein helped plan 9/11 and 44 per cent believed that the hijackers were Iraqi ; 61 per cent thought that Saddam had been a serious threat to the U.S. , and 76 per cent said the Iraqis are now better off .
None of this is true , but it is understandable when so many in the electorate depend on television to be informed .
Do n’t think that the political class does not appreciate this development , because voters — whom the political class ostensibly serves — are much easier to manipulate when they develop opinions from what they see on TV .
No wonder the federal government plans to spend billions of dollars subsidizing the transfer from analog transmissions to digital ones .
Digital television has become the latest civil right , and a convenient one for holders of political power .
We chuckle when we hear friends rail against typical television fare , because we used to do that .
The same people often complain about there not being enough hours in the day to accomplish all that they want .
We chuckle at that too .
But when we suggest dropping the one or two hours each day spent in front of the tube , we ’re the ones to get chuckled at .
For many , going without television really is like going without oxygen .
My graceful wife gave up the tube easily .
Not me .
I remember doing things that my dad does when he gives up smoking .
( My dad quits smoking several times a year .
It ’s his hobby . )
I ’d become irritable and my mind would be on the corner of our house where that magnetic box used to be , sort of like how my dad thinks about the drawers where he stores his Terryton ’s .
Over time , however , that corner became smaller in my mind as the benefits that came from dropping television grew .
For me , the benefits are much greater than simply being more productive during the day , although that certainly is a plus .
On many weeknights , my 5 - year - old daughter and I play board games and go for walks .
After she goes to bed , my 9 - year - old son reads books while my wife and I sit down and engage in an activity called " talking . "
I think our family is closer than it would otherwise be , although I can never know for sure .
I am sure our kids are less aware of the material world than their television - watching peers — and they seem more innocent .
Surely this has something to do with the fact that they are not exposed , on a daily basis , to sex as a mere consumption good or to the sports - worshiping culture that pervades much television .
The Best of Christopher Westley
