RADAR ALERT :
McGill University Student Newspaper Smears RADAR
In December , The McGill Tribune , published by the McGill University Students ' Society , printed an article ( included below ) that made false statements about RADAR ( Respecting Accuracy in Domestic Abuse Reporting ) .
A few days later , the Tribune 's editor promised to retract the most offensive claim .
But even with that claim retracted , the article still paints a misleading portrait of RADAR .
So he also said he might consider publishing an op - ed by RADAR to correct the other misinformation about the reasons RADAR exists .
RADAR did submit a response , but of necessity it was much longer than the Tribune 's length limit for an op -ed .
That 's because the information RADAR knows about is not common knowledge , so for us to simply state a position without backing it up with facts would not make a credible case .
After weeks of inquiries as to whether or not the Tribune will be publishing our response , we learned just recently that they will not .
Here 's the article the Tribune will not be printing .
Why RADAR Is Needed
Mark Rosenthal
Respecting Accuracy in Domestic Abuse Reporting ( RADAR )
The 12/1/2009 article " OFF THE BOARD :
The fight for men's rights " 1 by Carolyn Gregoire repeated claims about RADAR ( Respecting Accuracy in Domestic Abuse Reporting ) from an article in Slate.com 's DoubleX .
Although the DoubleX article contained more misrepresentation than fact , at least that author interviewed her subjects .
Ms. Gregiore not only failed to do that , but also added embellishments of her own , which caused the Tribune 's editor to append an apology .
This article was composed to counter the misrepresentation and enlighten the Tribune 's readers about what RADAR is really all about , but the Tribune has declined to publish it .
First of all , we are not a Men 's Rights group , as those working against us like to claim .
As our mission statement says , RADAR is dedicated to improving the effectiveness of solutions to the problem of domestic violence .
RADAR has always been as concerned about women abused by the system as about men .
If we seem to be advocating more for men than for women , that 's a reflection of the ways that DV policies are badly broken , not a reflection of our underlying philosophy .
On a personal note , I must object to the statement , " RADAR chooses to undermine the prevalence of rape and domestic violence against women . "
Far from wishing to deny women protection , one of my primary motivations is to see to it that no other children suffer the fate that befell my sister – a matter I 've touched on in many of my compositions , 2 most notably " Do n't Put Your Trust In Movements " 3 .
Due to decades of one - sided reporting on domestic violence , explaining the issues RADAR is concerned about often feels like telling someone , " Everything you know is wrong ! "
In fact , DV policy in the U.S. ( and Canada too ) is not the solution its supporters claim .
All too often , it causes harm even as it fails to help those it purports to help .
Shelters are not the refuges from abuse that people think
Many shelters keep their beds full by taking in alcoholics and drug abusers who often place other residents at risk .
In Florida , Milaus Almore was killed by a knife - wielding shelter resident .
Shelter staff had ignored reports of earlier death threats made by the killer4 .
In Massachusetts , Nev Moore 's nightmare was not the time her husband got drunk and pushed her during an argument .
It was a year later when the Massachusetts DSS used that incident as an excuse to seize her 8 - year - old daughter and coerce the mother to attend a battered women 's support group under threat of permanent loss of her child .
Moore says the group 's facilitators " encouraged women to stay stuck in the victim mentality " 5 , and that the primary motivation is not to help the women heal and move on with their lives , but to maximize the shelter 's income .
One Ontario abuse victim describes how she and other residents were subjected to sexual advances by the staff6 , and penalized by the staff for spurning their advances .
( Watch 33:20 - 36:04 )
Canadian immigration sent a Russian immigrant who was not abused to a battered women 's shelter for the free food and lodging .
This woman also reports being sexually preyed upon by the shelter staff7 .
( Watch 16:46-20:15 )
A little girl who stayed at a battered women 's shelter with her mother found the shelter itself to be a violent place .
8. ( Watch 5:55 - 8:28 )
Safeguards against false claims have been weakened to the point of virtual non-existence
In 2005 , Coleen Nestler filed for a restraining order against David Letterman , claiming Letterman had used code - words , gestures , and " eye expressions " on his nationally televised show to send messages to Nestler alone .
Her application9 asked the court to order Letterman not to " Think of me , and RELEASE ME from his mental harassment & hammering . "
Despite the absurdity of the claims , Judge Daniel Sanchez granted the order .
When asked by a reporter if he might have made a mistake , he stated that he had read Nestler 's application10 .
Sanchez is no ordinary judge .
He 's Chairman of the Northern New Mexico Domestic Violence Task Force11 .
Sanchez ' actions are the model that other judges look to when deciding the appropriate way to handle an obviously absurd accusation .
In the Letterman case , the accuser was clearly out of touch with reality .
But what happens when unscrupulous people simply want the benefits the government intends for the abused .
A recent New York Times article12 headlined " Domestic Abuse Fraud : It 's Rarely Suspected and Rarely Detected " reported on women who lied about having been abused in order to move to the front of the subsidized housing queue .
Without providing any evidence to back the claim , the article asserts that such cases are rare .
At the same time , the article also quotes a shelter director admitting that the system is not set up to catch people committing fraud , so they can't possibly know that cases like this are rare .
If getting a break on housing costs is enough to induce some women to lie about being abused , there can be little doubt that the many benefits intended for women who truly have been abused also induce unscrupulous non-abused women to falsely accuse innocent men .
In his article " Erring on the Side of Hidden Harm " 13 N.J. attorney David Heleniak explains that in addition to the merits of any particular restraining order application , judges worry about the potential damage to their careers if their name should end up in the headlines because they denied a restraining order and the applicant was later harmed .
A restraining order often physically prevents children from having access to their father except under supervised visitation , an unnatural setting that clearly tells the child that their father is a dangerous person .
Princeton Sociology Professor Sara McLanahan has found that " Father absence clearly diminishes a child 's prospects for success in adult life .
" 14 So , when judges issue thousands of unnecessary restraining orders against innocent fathers , they 're not " erring on the side of safety " as they claim .
They 're choosing the harm that wo n't damage their careers over the harm that will .
Honest And Objective Scientific Research Has Been Warped To Produce Politically Desired Results
Fields of study like sociology and psychology are much more difficult to quantify than fields like physics and chemistry , making it much easier for " researchers " with an agenda to manipulate the results .
Unfortunately , such manipulation is commonplace in domestic violence research .
One researcher who strives to hold himself and his field of study to a higher standard is Murray Straus , one of the world 's leading authorities on family violence .
His work from the early 1970s onward is what made the study of family violence a legitimate topic for scientific research .
Straus recently published " Processes Explaining the Concealment and Distortion of Evidence on Gender Symmetry in Partner Violence " 15 which lists the following ways he 's seen researchers distort DV research over the past 40 years :
Suppress Evidence
Avoid Obtaining Data Inconsistent with the Patriarchal Dominance Theory
Cite Only Studies That Show Male Perpetration
Conclude That Results Support Feminist Beliefs When They Do Not
Create " Evidence " by Citation
Obstruct Publication of Articles and Obstruct Funding Research That Might Contradict the Idea that Male Dominance Is the Cause of Partner Violence
Harass , Threaten , and Penalize Researchers Who Produce Evidence That Contradicts Feminist Beliefs
Straus concludes the article :
" Finally , it was painful for me as feminist to write this commentary .
I have done so for two reasons .
First , I am also a scientist and , for this issue , my scientific commitments overrode my feminist commitments .
Perhaps even more important , I believe that the safety and well being of women requires efforts to end violence by women and the option to treat partner violence in some cases as a problem of psychopathology , or in the great majority of cases , as a family system problem . "
In 1975 and 1985 , Straus worked with Richard Gelles , and Suzanne Steinmetz to conduct the National Family Violence Survey for the National Institute of Health .
Gelles , now Dean of the School of Social Policy & Practice at the University of Pennsylvania , recalls16 :
" The response to our finding that the rate of female - to - male family violence was equal to the rate of male - to - female violence not only produced heated scholarly criticism , but intense and long - lasting personal attacks .
All three of us received death threats .
Bomb threats were phoned in to conference centers and buildings where we were scheduled to present .
Suzanne received the brunt of the attacks - individuals wrote and called her university urging that she be denied tenure ; calls were made and letters were written to government agencies urging that her grant funding be rescinded . "
Univ. of British Columbia Psychology Professor Donald Dutton is world - reknowned in the field of spousal violence , and has served as an expert witness in family violence cases , including testifying for the prosecution in the O.J. Simpson trial .
In his article " Transforming a flawed policy : A call to revive psychology and science in domestic violence research and practice " 17 Dutton criticizes the theory ( known as the Duluth Model ) that all domestic violence is a product of " patriarchal beliefs " .
He writes ( p. 477 )
" It is unfortunate that a once pioneering model has become an impediment to effective program and criminal justice responses to domestic violence .
...
The Duluth model ... maintains that unlike the bulk of similar aggressive criminal behaviors ( e.g. , assault , child abuse , elder abuse ) , violence perpetrated toward women is influenced in no way by social marginalization or psychosocial deficits , but rather is solely a product of gender privilege . "
Dutton concludes :
" Those with continued allegiance to the patriarchal view should stand back and ask themselves if their primary motivation is to advance the safety of women and families or to preserve a self - interested political stance . "
Discrimination
The OFF THE BOARD article accuses RADAR of attempting " to take funding away from ' discriminatory ' women 's - only shelters , rather than fighting for resources for male victims of domestic violence and sexual harassment " .
Had the writer done her homework , she'd have discovered that people have been " fighting for resources for male victims of domestic violence " for decades , and for just as long it's been the people running the women 's shelters who 've been playing the role of George Wallace standing in the schoolhouse door .
Since the late 1970s , women - only shelters have used their huge political clout to prevent the allocation of any resources for male victims , and have made it impossible for men in need of help to find any help .
One example of this is the experience of Pat Overberg , who ran the Valley Oasis Shelter ( VOS ) outside L.A. for much of the 1980s and 1990s .
In a 2002 affidavit18 , she recounts the hostile and unprofessional way she was treated by directors of other shelters for the transgression of offering help to men as well as women .
VOS was the only shelter in the nation that offered help to men , so many men traveled great distances to get help .
Overberg states , " During my tenure as director of VOS I was subjected to continuous abuse by other directors for sheltering battered men . "
At a government - sponsored fact - finding meeting , the chairwoman , who was also director of a battered women 's shelter tried to silence Overberg whenever she raised the issue of the need to provide services for battered men .
And although every other issue discussed in the meeting made it into the minutes , the minutes contained no indication that the issue had even been raised .
Besides their long history of obstructing the provision of help to battered men , existing battered women 's programs ' insistence on believing that women can never be abusive causes them to empower such women rather than giving them appropriate treatment , thereby putting the children of abusive mothers in grave danger .
Conclusion
RADAR is concerned about serious issues .
We 're hardly the caricature of intolerance that Ms. Gregoire portrays us as .
Far from it .
RADAR 's primary concern is that interventions are too often ineffective , inappropriate , or both .
The help offered to victims encourages them to stay stuck in a victim mentality rather than to heal .
The innocent are as likely to be penalized as the guilty .
And too many service providers are handsomely compensated for peddling snake - oil .
As our mission statement says , RADAR is dedicated to improving the effectiveness of solutions to the problem of domestic violence .
1 " OFF THE BOARD : The fight for men's rights " , Carolyn Gregoire , McGill Tribune , Dec. 1 , 2009 , http://media.www.mcgilltribune.com/media/storage/paper234/news/2009/12/01/Opinion/Off-The.Board.The.Fight.For.Mens.Rights-3842224.shtml
3 " Do n't Put Your Trust In Movements " , http://www.breakingthescience.org/DontPutYourTrustInMovements.php
4 Florida Coalition Against Domestic Violence , Safespace , Inc. Homicide Incident , Management Review , http://web.tcpalm.com/2007/11/10/safespace.pdf
5 Inside A ' Batterers Program ' for ' Abused ' Women , http://www.ifeminists.net/introduction/editorials/2003/0729moore.html
6 Interview with former resident of Ontario battered women 's shelter discussing being subjected to sexual advances by the shelter staff .
Watch 33 min. 20 sec. to 36 min. 4 sec. , http://www.vimeo.com/745927
7 Interview with Russian immigrant sent by Canadian immigration to a battered women 's shelter for the free food and lodging discussing being sexually preyed upon by the shelter staff .
Watch 16 min. 46 sec. to 20 min. 15 sec. , http://www.vimeo.com/790290
8 Interview with young shelter resident .
Watch 5 min. 55 sec. to 8 min. 28 sec. , http://www.vimeo.com/864606
9 Colleen Nestler vs. David Letterman , Application for a Restraining Order , http://volokh.com/files/lettermanapp.pdf
10 Letterman lawyers : End Santa Fe claim , Santa Fe New Mexican , Dec. 21 , 2005 , http://web.archive.org/web/20060101201517/http://www.freenewmexican.com/news/36651.html
11 Judge Daniel Sanchez , State of New Mexico , First Judicial District Court , Division VII , http://firstdistrictcourt.com/Division%207.htm
12 Domestic Abuse Fraud : It 's Rarely Suspected and Rarely Detected , New York Times , p. A28 , October 23 , 2009 , http://www.nytimes.com/2009/10/23/nyregion/23domestic.html
13 Erring on the Side of Hidden Harm , David Heleniak , Associated Content , March 20 , 2007 , http://www.associatedcontent.com/article/175557/erring_on_the_side_of_hidden_harm_the.html
14 Father Absence and the Welfare of Children , Sara McLanahan , MacArthur Research Network on the Family and the Economy , http://apps.olin.wustl.edu/macarthur/working%20papers/wp-mclanahan2.htm
15 Processes Explaining the Concealment and Distortion of Evidence on Gender Symmetry in Partner Violence , Murray Straus , European Journal of Criminal Policy Research , 2007 , pp. 13:227-232 , http://pubpages.unh.edu/~mas2/V74-gender-symmetry-with-gramham-Kevan-Method%208-.pdf
16 The Missing Persons of Domestic Violence : Battered Men , Richard J Gelles , The Women 's Quarterly , 1999 , Independent Women 's Forum , http://breakingthescience.org/RichardGelles_MissingPersonsOfDV.php
17 Transforming a flawed policy : A call to revive psychology and science in domestic violence research and practice , Donald G. Dutton & Kenneth Corvo , Aggression and Violent Behavior , 2006 , pp. 457-483 , http://www.mediaradar.org/docs/Dutton_Corvo-Transforming-flawed-policy.pdf
18 Affidavit of Patricia Overberg , MSW , Nov. 1 , 2002 , http://www.ncfmla.org/pdf/overberg.pdf
Here is the article showing how it originally appeared and the changes made after RADAR contacted the editor .
The McGill Tribune , 12/1/2009
OFF THE BOARD :
The fight for men's rights
by Carolyn Gregoire
Discrimination against men has , understandably perhaps , never occupied a prominent position on the feminist agenda .
Recently , however , the rise of the men's rights movement has led men's rights groups and feminists alike to call issues specific to male identity into question .
A recent article on Slate 's women - oriented webzine DoubleX entitled " Men 's Rights Groups are Becoming Frighteningly Effective " has spurred contentious debate extending beyond the feminist blogosphere as to whether feminism should encompass issues of men's rights .
The article was triggered by the actions of men's activist group RADAR ( Respecting Accuracy in Domestic Abuse Reporting ) who gathered in Washington this October to lobby against issues such as false allegations of rape and domestic violence , unrecognized domestic violence against men , and child custody rights for divorced fathers .
Many women , and not only those who identify as feminists , are outraged by the measures these groups have taken .
Rather than addressing the negative impact that patriarchy and gender stereotypes have on men and calling for change , RADAR chooses instead to undermine the prevalence of rape and domestic violence against women .
Relying on hyperbolic claims and sensationalism - suggesting , for instance , that domestic violence laws represent " the largest regression in civil rights since the Jim Crow era " - RADAR succeeded in blocking the passage expansion of several domestic violence bills , such as the Violence Against Women act .
[ * Correction appended ]
It is also worth noting that many of the movement 's leaders are themselves accused batterers .
Though issues of men's rights and injustice towards men deserve attention , the anti-feminist approach employed by RADAR and many other men's rights groups in battling these issues is counterproductive and alarmingly reactionary .
RADAR 's attempt to take funding away from " discriminatory " women 's - only shelters , rather than fighting for resources for male victims of domestic violence and sexual harassment , epitomizes this ineffectual methodology .
While it 's true that all human rights are men's rights and that history is essentially a men's rights movement , discrimination against men should be a feminist concern because male and female rights are inextricably intertwined .
Though a patriarchal society operates for male benefit , societal standards of masculinity are also harmful to men in real ways which deserve to be acknowledged .
Rigid definitions of masculinity which narrowly cast men into aggressive , machismo , bread - winning roles are damaging to men , and further , they are damaging to men in ways that are also damaging to women .
Following this line of reasoning , many feminists fight for fathers ' rights as a means of countering the socially sanctioned notion that nurturer or caregiver must be a female - occupied role .
A central objective of the feminist movement is debunking gender stereotypes , even when they apply only to men .
Male victims of sexual harassment , domestic violence , and rape deserve to be recognized and taken seriously , mothers should not be unjustly favoured over fathers in child custody proceedings , and individuals of both genders do not deserve to be systemically limited and harmed by rigid social definitions of masculinity .
Feminist concerns and men's rights are not mutually exclusive , and should meet on the common ground of seeking gender equality - the irony of it all is that we 're both fighting the same battle .
As feminist Gloria Anzaldua suggests , " Men , even more than women , are fettered to gender roles ...
We need a new masculinity and the new man needs a movement . "
Correction :
The article 's original version claimed that RADAR had blocked the passage of several domestic violence bills , including the Violence Against Women act .
In fact , RADAR helped block the expansion of these bills .
Also , the Tribune apologizes for previously claiming that many of RADAR 's leaders were accused batterers .
Date of RADAR Release : March 1 , 2010
R.A.D.A.R. – Respecting Accuracy in Domestic Abuse Reporting – is a non-profit , non-partisan organization of men and women working to improve the effectiveness of our nation 's approach to solving domestic violence .
http://www.mediaradar.org
I kissed a boy ... and I liked it : Katy Perry cosies up to teen sensation Justin Bieber
He 's the new teen pop sensation who has sent the hearts of millions of young girls across the world all aflutter .
But 16 - year - old Justin Bieber has also landed himself an admirer in the shape of one Miss Katy Perry , who made a beeline for the star this weekend .
But before concerns arise over the 25 - year - old I Kissed A Girl 's singer 's intentions towards this young man , it turns out that all she wanted was a kiss on the cheek .
Gotcha !
Katy Perry lands a kiss on Justin Bieber 's cheek backstage at the Nickelodeon Kids ' Choice Awards last night
And a kiss she got , as she tracked him down backstage at the Nickelodeon Kids ' Choice Awards last night .
The singer , who was gunged with green slime as she presented an award , announced on her Twitter page that she was to be sharing a green room with the young pop star , who performed at the event .
She wrote : ' Heard Justin Bieber 's gonna b here 2 night , can't wait to tap that .'
Doing it for the kids : Katy and Justin arrive at the Nickelodeon Kids 's Choice awards
And ' tap ' that she did , as she approached the young Canadian after the event , and got him to pose for a picture .
As she posted the snap of her kissing him on her Twitter page , she wrote : " Told you I would tap that .
Yummy . '
RELATED ARTICLES
Previous
1
Next Blue - haired Katy Perry sees the funny side after getting slimed at the Nickelodeon Kids ' Choice Awards Share this article Share
And there was no escape for Bieber when , just a few hours later , their paths crossed again at Perez Hilton 's birthday party .
No doubt to the envy of all his friends - and possibly Katy 's fiance Russell Brand - Justin grabbed the chance to pose once more with the singer .
' Tapped ' : Katy tracks Justin down again , this time at Perez Hilton 's birthday party last night
In chunky purple trainers , the young lad leaned in close to Katy who was wearing a revealing red ringmaster 's leotard , and could n't contain the big grin on his face .
Justin burst onto the music scene last summer with his debut single One Time , which made the top thirty in over ten countries .
His debut album , My World 2.0 , reached number 1 in his home country , went platinum in the US and silver in the UK .
As we celebrate the 40th anniversary of Earth Day , the most serious environmental problem that we face is not global warming or the pollution of our air , water , land and food .
It is whether or not our country moves forward in developing public policy based on science or whether we make decisions based on politics and fear mongering .
When Americans walk into a doctor ’s office to get treated , they usually do n’t worry whether the physician ’s politics is progressive or conservative , Democrat or Republican .
They want to know that the doctor they are seeing has been well trained in a scientifically accredited institution .
They want to know that their treatment is based on the latest and most effective peer - reviewed methodology .
When our highly - trained NASA scientists and engineers work on the exploration of Mars , nobody I know in Congress challenges their credibility or honesty as they study and draw conclusions about that planet ’s surface and origin .
That is also true with the work of our scientists at the National Institutes of Health , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , and other governmental research agencies .
Get Grist in your inbox
Always free , always fresh The Beacon Other choices Ask your climate scientist if Grist is right for you .
See our privacy policy
Yet when it comes to global warming , the situation is very different .
Here , radio and TV entertainers such as Rush Limbaugh , Glenn Beck , and a host of others in the right - wing echo chamber , with no scientific training in climate science , are spouting off to tens of millions of people every day about a subject they know little about .
Let ’s set the record straight .
There is no serious dispute within the scientific community and in peer - reviewed journals that global warming is real and that it is significantly caused by anthropogenic greenhouse gas emissions .
Virtually the only people who disagree with this conclusion are representatives of the oil and coal companies , their apologists in the media , and those on Capitol Hill who are stubborn defenders of their big polluter patrons .
As Congress debates global warming , it reminds me of those congressional hearings where tobacco company executives swore under oath that the nicotine they put in cigarettes was not addictive .
Some people in Congress believed them .
Despite overwhelming scientific evidence , the wealthy and powerful tobacco lobby had many allies in Congress toeing the company line .
Like the evidence that tobacco kills , the science on global warming is overwhelming .
NASA just reported that the decade from 2000 - 2009 was the warmest on record .
Carbon dioxide levels are increasing because we are burning fossil fuels and cutting down forests at a rate that is unsustainable .
How do we know that carbon dioxide pollution causes global warming ?
Among the researchers who reached that conclusion are scientists at NASA , EPA , the National Science Foundation , and the departments of Energy , Commerce , Defense , Interior , State , Health , Transportation , and Agriculture .
They say , through the U.S. Global Change Research Program , that “ global warming is unequivocal and primarily human - induced . ”
The CIA and many military leaders have warned that climate change threatens our national security and international stability .
If anything , we have underestimated the problem .
Our own National Academies of Science released findings last year that “ climate change is happening even faster than previously estimated ” and “ the need for urgent action to address climate change is now indisputable . ”
U.S. average temperatures have already increased by 2 degrees Fahrenheit in the last 50 years , and a Massachusetts Institute of Technology report found a very high probability that unless we act now temperatures could rise by 9 degrees Fahrenheit by the end of this century .
That would be catastrophic .
We already have seen sea levels rise by as much as nine inches in some areas .
As ice sheets and glaciers continue to melt , rising sea levels will put coastal cities at risk of increased flooding and island nations in danger of being submerged .
Our top U.S. scientists tell us that unchecked global warming also means increased risks of regional flooding and drought , increased risk to human health and more extreme weather events .
Despite the scientific evidence , some of my colleagues in Congress still tell the public that global warming is a “ hoax . ”
They recently grasped onto a series of stolen emails from a few climate scientists , which they say undermines the science .
Well , according to exhaustive reviews throughout the world , the emails do no such thing .
The truth is that there is a real global warming scandal , but it has nothing to do with the emails of a few scientists .
The real scandal is that the oil companies and the coal industry and others with an economic stake in the status quo are using the tobacco - industry playbook to confuse the public and prevent Congress from taking strong action .
ExxonMobil , for example , has spent more than $ 24 million since 1998 to fund organizations that are willing to dispute the consensus on global warming .
Oil and gas companies spent $ 154 million lobbying Congress in 2009 alone trying to block legislation to move our county away from fossil fuels and toward sustainable energy .
As we celebrate this Earth Day , we can make this the year when we stop arguing about the science , and start doing something truly significant about global warming .
That would make 2010 a year to celebrate for generations to come .
U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders , independent of Vermont , is chairman on the Senate Green Jobs and the New Economy Subcommittee .
He is the only member of the Senate majority caucus to sit on both the energy and environment committees .
" The earth was given to man , with this condition , that he should occupy himself in its cultivation ...
The custody of the garden was given in charge to Adam , to show that we possess the things which God has committed to our hands , on the condition that , being content with the frugal and moderate use of them , we should take care of what shall remain .
Let him who possesses a field , so partake of its yearly fruits , that he may not suffer the ground to be injured by his negligence , but let him endeavor to hand it down to posterity as he received it , or even better cultivated .
Let him so feed on its fruits , that he neither dissipates it by luxury , nor permits it to be marred or ruined by neglect .
Moreover , that this economy , and this diligence , with respect to those good things which God has given us to enjoy , may flourish among us ; let everyone regard himself as the steward of God in all things which he possesses .
Then he will neither conduct himself dissolutely , nor corrupt by abuse those things which God requires to be preserved . "
- John Calvin on Genesis 2.15 in Commentary on Genesis ( 1554 ) .
The earth was given to us .
And , at the same time , we were given to the earth , to till it and keep it .
A recent study found that one quarter of the earth 's arable land has been degraded through soil erosion , salinisation , desertification or nutrient exhaustion .
American skier Lindsey Vonn , one of the potential stars of the 2010 Winter Olympics , told her nearly 35,000 Twitter followers that she would not be posting to the social network until after the Games were over , perhaps based on a faulty understanding of the International Olympic Committee ’s rules on blogging and social networking .
Vonn wrote that “ because of the Olympic rules ( blackout period ) I will not be able to post any updates from now until march 3rd .
Sorry , it bums me out too ! ”
In the update , which was also posted to Vonn ’s Facebook account , she encouraged fans to keep sending her messages .
But there is no Olympic rule that sets up a blackout period for athletes according to Bob Condron , the Director of Media Services for the United States Olympic Committee .
“ Athletes are free to blog during the Games , ” says Condron .
“ And Twitter is just a blog that ’s written 140 characters at a time . ”
There are some restrictions on what athletes can do online during the Olympics .
According to the IOC Blogging Guidelines for the 2010 Games , athletes and other accredited people must keep their posts confined to their personal experiences .
“ You ca n’t act as a journalist if you are n’t , ” says Condron .
“ You need to do things in a first person way . ”
Rule 49 of the Olympic Charter says that “ Only those persons accredited as media may act as journalists , reporters or in any other media capacity . ”
The other most significant restriction on athletes posts is a ban on references to sponsors or advertisers who are n’t official Olympic partners .
Vonn ’s Facebook page , which pictures her wearing logos of sponsors like Red Bull and Sprint , could break those rules , and be part of the reason for her break from posting .
Speedskater Nick Pearson also posted on Twitter that “ Due to Olympic regulations I can no longer post pics on Twitter through the Olympics . ”
But the IOC guidelines state that athletes may post photos of themselves as long as they do n’t show any of the actual sporting action during the Games .
Despite these restrictions , and the obvious confusion among athletes , Condron expects heavy social media activity among U.S. athletes in Vancouver .
“ These are going to be the Twitter Olympics , ” says Condron .
“ There ’s no telling where the updates will come from .
It could be the bench during a hockey game , or even on the medal stand . ”
Photo : tkellyphoto / flickr , CC
See Also :
Just as you can be slim and sedentary , it 's possible to be overweight and active .
But which is better for your health ?
Two months ago , an awful lot of us decided it was time to get off our ever - spreading backsides and do some exercise .
This new year 's resolution was n't just about vanity , oh no .
The government tells us that obesity has a " severe impact " on our health , and places a " significant burden on the NHS " , so slimming is practically our patriotic duty .
If the lard is already melting away , then lucky you .
But what if the exercise does n't seem to be working ?
What if you can now run a kilometre in a minute and a half , yet your weight has hardly changed ?
Are you a lost cause ?
Or is it possible to be both fat and fit – not just fit enough to exercise , but fit enough to live as long as someone a lot lighter ?
Not according to a 2004 study from the Harvard School of Public Health , which looked at 115,000 nurses aged between 30 and 55 .
Compared with women who were both thin and active ( ie , who reported taking 150 minutes or more of exercise a week ) researchers found that obese but active women had a mortality rate that was 91 % higher .
Though far better than the inactive obese ( 142 % higher ) , they were still worse off than the inactive lean ( 5 % higher ) .
" This data does not support the hypothesis that if you are physically active , you do n't have to worry about your weight , " was the verdict from Frank Hu , who led the study .
A similar picture emerged in 2008 after Harvard - affiliated researchers examined 39,000 women with an average age of 54 .
Next to active women of normal weight , the active but overweight were 54 % more likely to develop heart disease , while the active but obese were in 87 % greater danger .
" Even high quantities of physical activity are unlikely to fully reverse the risk of coronary heart disease in overweight and obese women without concurrent weight loss , " the authors concluded .
That 's that settled , then .
Or is it ?
Steven Blair is professor of exercise science at the University of South Carolina .
He describes the official focus on obesity as an " obsession ... and it's not grounded in solid data " .
Blair 's most fascinating study , in the Journal of the American Medical Association in 2007 , took 2,600 people aged 60 and above , of various degrees of fatness , and tested their fitness on the treadmill , rather than asking them to quantify it themselves .
This is an unusually rigorous approach , he claims , since many rival surveys ask participants to assess their own fitness , or ignore it as a factor altogether .
Proper tests ,
Blair suggests , demonstrate no hard and fast link between excess weight and increased mortality .
" There is an ' association ' between obesity and fitness , " he agrees , " but it is not perfect .
If you look at the normal - weight men and women aged 60 and older , for example , about 90 % are fit as demonstrated by a ' maximal exercise ' test in the laboratory .
This is not asking them if they 're fit , or guessing that they 're fit – they 've proved it on the treadmill .
As you progress towards overweight , class I obesity and class II obesity , the percentage of individuals who are fit does go down .
But here 's a shock : among class II obese individuals [ with a body mass index , or BMI , of between 35 and 39.9 ] , about 40 % or 45 % are still fit .
You simply cannot tell by looking whether someone is fit or not . "
But does n't that only prove that some fat people can hold their own on the treadmill ?
Not at all , Blair says .
" In all of these studies , we typically see higher rates of mortality , chronic diseases , heart attacks and the like , in people with high BMI – we see the same thing that everybody else sees .
But when we look at these mortality rates in fat people who are fit , we see that the harmful effect of fat just disappears .
" If we look at individuals who are obese and just moderately fit – we 're not talking about marathon runners here – their death rate during the next decade is half that of the normal weight people who are unfit .
So it 's a huge effect . "
One day – probably about a hundred years from now – this fat - but - fit question will be answered without the shadow of a doubt .
In the meantime , is there anything that all the experts agree on ?
Oh yes : however much your body weighs , you 'll live longer if you move it around a bit .
You already know that February new home sales were a disappointment , but here 's a little more perspective courtesy of Calculated Risk .
Seasonally adjusted , this was the worst month of all time .
Ever .
We 're talking 6 % worse than January of 2009 .
Elizabeth Warren , chair of the TARP congressional oversight panel , pens an op -ed on financial reform , the importance of a Consumer Finance Protection Agency , and the American Bankers Association curious flip - flop on the issue .
ABA lobbyists now aggressively insist that separating consumer protection and safety and soundness functions would unravel bank stability .
Yet just a few years ago , they heatedly argued the opposite — that the functions should be distinct .
In 2006 , the ABA claimed to act on principle as it railed against an interagency guidance designed to exercise some modest control over subprime mortgages .
It criticized the proposal for “ combin[ing ] safety and soundness guidance with consumer protection guidance , creating confusion that is best addressed by separating them . ”
The ABA went on to argue that the “ marriage of inconvenience between supervision and consumer protection appears to blur long - established jurisdictional lines . ”
And then : “ ABA recommends that the safety and soundness provisions relating to underwriting and portfolio management be separated from the consumer protection provisions . ”
Read that again :
The ABA in 2006 said that policymakers should separate safety - and - soundness and consumer protection — exactly the opposite of its position today .
This 2006 memo illustrates the ABA ’s real consistency — consistent opposition to meaningful reform .
If there is a smoking gun in the battle over financial regulatory reform , the 2006 ABA memo is it ....
In the weeks ahead , the Senate does not need to decide between safety and soundness and consumer protection .
But the ABA is right about one thing :
The Senate does need to decide between banks and families .
Business Card Business Card / Transistor Amplification
You may be wondering why I have included a video of my business card on the website .
It 's on the site because I designed the business card to be a type of small interactive exhibit , the card is a demonstration on how transistors work .
The user can also experimentally use the card in different environments to see the effects the environment has on transistor circuits .
Transistors amplify current .
Let 's take a moment to define current ; in our definition current will be flowing though a wire .
In a simplified way current is the number of electrons ( the particles of atoms that flow through the wire ) that pass though a cross section of wire within a given amount of time .
Current is measured in amps , and one amp is equal to about 6.24*10^18 ( or about 6,240,000,000,000,000,000 electrons ; this also gives you an idea as to how small electrons are ) electrons passing through our cross section of wire in one second .
One amp is relatively a lot of electrons , to put it in perspective your home outlets will only let you use 15 amps .
The introduction of a small amount of current into a transistor alters the material within the transistor .
The material within the transistor essentially becomes more conductive allowing more current to flow through it , thus a small amount of current into the transistor allows a large amount of current to flow thought the transistor .
So when I touch the business card a small and imperceivable ( I can't feel it ) amount of current flows from the battery into my fingers and out to the transistor .
Upon entering the transistor the small amount of current makes the transistor more conductive , allowing a greater number of electrons to flow through the transistor .
This greater number of electrons passes thought the light making it glow .
To clarify the silver circles are very thin batteries connected in series , which just means they are connected in such a way that one can think of them as one single battery .
The little black rectangles with two silver sides are resistors , check out To clarify the silver circles are very thin batteries connected in series , which just means they are connected in such a way that one can think of them as one single battery .
The little black rectangles with two silver sides are resistors , check out this project for a bit more information about resistors .
The yellow rectangle is a LED ( light emitting diode ) , it 's sort of like a really efficient light bulb .
I should mention that this diagram shows electrons flowing from negative terminals to positive terminals .
If you look at electronic schematics ( it 's just a fancy name for diagrams of electronic parts ) you get the impression that things should be reversed .
This is because scientists pretty much guessed which way electrons flowed , then made schematics before they could test to see if they were correct .
Unfortunately they were not correct , but it does n't really matter that much because it does n't matter which way electrons flow , positive to negative or negative to positive , current still behaves the same way .
You may be wondering why I have included a video of my business card on the website .
It 's on the site because I designed the business card to be a type of small interactive exhibit , the card is a demonstration on how transistors work .
The user can also experimentally use the card in different environments to see the effects the environment has on transistor circuits .
Transistors amplify current .
Let 's take a moment to define current ; in our definition current will be flowing though a wire .
In a simplified way current is the number of electrons ( the particles of atoms that flow through the wire ) that pass though a cross section of wire within a given amount of time .
Current is measured in amps , and one amp is equal to about 6.24*10^18 ( or about 6,240,000,000,000,000,000 electrons ; this also gives you an idea as to how small electrons are ) electrons passing through our cross section of wire in one second .
One amp is relatively a lot of electrons , to put it in perspective your home outlets will only let you use 15 amps .
The introduction of a small amount of current into a transistor alters the material within the transistor .
The material within the transistor essentially becomes more conductive allowing more current to flow through it , thus a small amount of current into the transistor allows a large amount of current to flow thought the transistor .
So when I touch the business card a small and imperceivable ( I can't feel it ) amount of current flows from the battery into my fingers and out to the transistor .
Upon entering the transistor the small amount of current makes the transistor more conductive , allowing a greater number of electrons to flow through the transistor .
This greater number of electrons passes thought the light making it glow .
There are also two transistors inside the blue square .
You can think of it as one transistor amplifying the current a little and the other transistor amplifying the current some more , so the combined result of all that amplification is more current than one transistor could amplify on its own .
The two transistors attached like this are effectively treated as one transistor , so from here on out I will just pretend the blue square is one transistor .
When I touch the two " touch " spots on the card a small amount of current ( small arrows ) travels from the negative battery terminal ( violet square with red boarder ) through the transistor to my finger on the " touch " pad ( on the back of the card ) then through my hand and to the other finger on the positive terminal " touch " pad ( on the front of the card ) .
When the small amount of current travels though the transistor it alters the medium of the transistor and allow it to conduct more current ( big arrows ) .
Now that the transistor can conduct a lot more current , most of the electrons travel from the negative terminal through the transistor then through the light and to the positive terminal .
The violet squares outlined in red and the red circles simply indicate where I have drilled holes though the card allowing current to flow through the card .
I should mention that this diagram shows electrons flowing from negative terminals to positive terminals .
If you look at electronic schematics ( it 's just a fancy name for diagrams of electronic parts ) you get the impression that things should be reversed .
This is because scientists pretty much guessed which way electrons flowed , then made schematics before they could test to see if they were correct .
Unfortunately they were not correct , but it does n't really matter that much because it does n't matter which way electrons flow , positive to negative or negative to positive , current still behaves the same way .
This is my sister 's eye .
Thanks for the idea Neal !
I tried to get one of mine , but I did n't get any that were well - focused .
Another day .
Loading contexts ...
By the International Socialist Organization , United States
April 14 , 2010 -- Socialist Worker --
The US has repackaged its strategy -- but the terrible threat of nuclear war remains .
The administration of US President Barack Obama is out to upgrade the US nuclear arsenal and pressure world leaders into imposing sanctions against countries -- like Iran -- that allegedly harbour ambitions to develop nukes of their own .
That 's the agenda behind the April 12 - 13 Washington summit on nuclear security , which followed the announcement of a supposedly less belligerent US nuclear strategy and the signing in Prague of the new Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty ( START ) with Russia .
The START treaty was billed as a first step towards fulfilling Obama 's call a year ago to rid the world of nuclear weapons .
In fact , START would leave the US and Russia with the means to blow up the world many times over .
If Washington is willing to make a deal with Moscow to cut the number of nukes today , it 's because politicians in both countries -- especially Russia -- want to minimise the prohibitive cost of building such weapons .
So the total number of warheads will be limited under the treaty to 1550 apiece .
Or maybe not .
As Ivan Oelrich of the Federation of American Scientists noted :
In fact , the treaty contains a peculiar counting rule that increases the importance of bombers : each bomber counts only as one nuclear bomb , although the B - 52 can carry 20 nuclear - armed cruise missiles and the Russian bombers , for example , the Backfire and Blackjack , have similar payloads .
If we define corn as a type of tree , then suddenly Iowa would be covered in forests .
If we define a bomber with 20 bombs as a single bomb , then suddenly we get a substantial reduction in the number of nuclear weapons .
In any case , the deal does nothing to reduce the risk of accidental nuclear war .
Aircraft are still flying , armed with nukes , and missiles remain minutes away from launch .
And the US is pressing ahead with its " Reliable Replacement Warhead " program , in which scientists will use existing materials to modernise the weapons .
So while the US wo n't be able to build new nukes if START is ratified , it can still create a more technologically advanced nuclear arsenal .
Moreover , the new START agreement wo n't revive the Anti-Ballistic Missile ( ABM ) treaty scrapped by George W. Bush in 2002 .
During the Cold War between the US and the old USSR , the ABM treaty was seen as an important part of arms control .
The theory was that if neither country possessed the technology to shoot down incoming nuclear missiles , neither would be tempted into making a nuclear first strike .
Thus , the Russians were infuriated -- not only by Bush 's decision to scrap the ABM , but his moves to install a US missile defence system in Eastern Europe .
Although ostensibly designed to protect Europe from Iranian missiles , everyone beyond kindergarten understood that Russia was the real target .
To ease relations with Moscow , Obama did cancel plans for such a system to be placed in Eastern Europe .
But the US , no longer constrained by the ABM , has a free hand to develop other , much more sophisticated missile defences elsewhere .
In fact , the US defence department 's Nuclear Posture Review explicitly calls for " avoiding limitations on missile defenses " .
Russia 's leaders , President Dmitri Medvedev and Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , have no choice but to accept the end of the ABM treaty .
And Russia , hard hit by the economic crisis , is unlikely to be able to match US nuclear weapons modernisation efforts -- therefore , START appears as a reasonable deal to them .
While Russia 's weapons systems may be aging , they still confer superpower status on the country .
Less than meets the eye
There 's also than meets the eye in Obama 's Nuclear Posture Review , which was released days before Obama went to Europe to sign the START .
Certainly the US pledge not to use nuclear weapons against non-nuclear states sounds different from George W. Bush 's crude doctrine of pre-emptive war .
And the Republican Party right is screaming that Obama has gone soft on rogue states .
But the Nuclear Posture Review is , in fact , a threat to use nuclear weapons on countries that fail to comply with the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) .
Since that 's exactly what the US accuses Iran of doing , Obama is essentially putting Tehran on notice that it could find itself in the US nuclear crosshairs .
Liberal defence specialist William Hartung , who is actually sympathetic to Obama 's policies , pointed out in the Huffington Post that " going forward , the two nations cited as the greatest potential nuclear threats to the United States -- Iran and North Korea -- would also be liable to nuclear threats from the United States under the Obama policy " .
Meanwhile , Israel , which has an estimated 200 nuclear weapons -- the country 's government will neither confirm nor deny their existence -- was discretely allowed to opt out of the summit on nuclear security in order to avoid the kind of scrutiny reserved for Iran .
Scaremongering
At the summit , Obama and other world leaders trumpeted agreements about limiting the spread of " loose nukes " and the material to create them .
To sell the effort , Obama resorted to Bush - style scaremongering : " Two decades after the end of the Cold War , we face a cruel irony of history -- the risk of a nuclear confrontation between nations has gone down , but the risk of [ a ] nuclear attack has gone up " , he said .
In fact , there 's no evidence whatsoever that al Qaeda or any other group has attempted to obtain nuclear materials , much less figure out how to make a bomb .
Certainly anyone opposed to the horrors of nuclear war wants to see the use of such weapons banned .
But what the Pentagon has in mind is something fundamentally different : the preservation and extension of the nuclear domination by the US and its allies .
So while the US threatens sanctions -- and worse -- against Iran , it is helping India , which is not a signatory to the NPT , expand its civilian nuclear program .
The US - India effort will include the production of separated plutonium , something that will directly benefit India 's military .
Even John Brennan , Obama 's chief counterterrorism adviser , admitted the contradictions in US policy : " I think one of the concerns is that , by definition , as you have expansion of nuclear programs , peaceful programs , there is going to be an increase in the nuclear byproducts that come out of those facilities , as well as the expertise that is available to run them . "
In other words , the US is using nuclear weapons to bribe India and bully Iran and North Korea .
Essentially , Obama is trying to reorganise what Bush called the " coalition of the willing " to isolate Iran and other " rogue states " and bend them to Washington 's will .
By organising a summit outside the parameters of the United Nations , the US hoped to use its many allies and clients to maneuver Russia and China into accepting tougher restrictions on the spread of nuclear technology .
That , in turn , will be used by the US to press for sanctions on Iran or any other country that stands up to US dictates .
Obama said as much to reporters when he described his conversation with China 's President Hu Jintao about the need for sanctions against Iran .
Obama said he told Hu , " Words have to mean something .
There have to be some consequences " for any country -- meaning Iran -- that flouts the NNP .
Double standards
These US double standards about nuclear weapons should n't be surprising .
It was Obama , in his speech accepting the Nobel Peace Prize , who basically declared that war actually means peace -- as long as the right people are pulling the triggers and dropping the bombs .
The US is out to ensure that it will continue to have the most guns and biggest bombs .
Obama 's nuclear policy fits in with that of his predecessors in the White House , going back to the days when Democratic Party 's President Harry Truman ordered the military to drop two atomic bombs on Japan in the closing weeks of the Second World War .
As authors and activists Joseph Gerson and Walden Bello wrote in their book Empire and the Bomb : How the US Uses Nuclear Weapons to Dominate the World :
Without an understanding of U.S. history , especially the growth and development of its empire , the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki and Washington 's subsequent practice of nuclear terrorism are incomprehensible .
In fact , the U.S. nuclear arsenal has been the " big stick " used by three generations of leaders to enforce U.S. global dominance .
Whatever Barack Obama 's promises about ridding the world of nuclear weapons , the threat of nuclear war will remain a lynchpin of US military power .
Rather than add to the applause that has greeted the White House new nuclear policies , antiwar activists should step up their efforts against the US military machine -- from the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq to the Pentagon 's latest repackaging of nuclear war threats .
[ Reposted under a Creative Commons licence : http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/3.0]
Overview
4 Videosoft FLV to Video Converter is the world - class FLV converter which enables you to convert FLV to other popular video formats like MP4 , MOV , M4V , AVI , WMV , MKV , VOB and more with blazing - fast speed and original quality .
In the meantime , you 're able to take out the audio files from the source video and then convert them to MP3 , AAC , M4A , WAV , WMA , etc with no quality loss .
After the conversion , you 're free to enjoy the output video and audio files on mainstream digital players like iPhone 11 Pro Max / 11 Pro/11 , iPhone XS / XS Max , iPhone XR / X , iPhone 8/8 Plus , iPhone 7/7 Plus , iPhone 6/6 Plus , iPhone 5s / 5 c , iPhone 5 , iPhone 4S , iPhone 4 , iPad Air , iPad Mini 2 , iPad 4 , iPod nano , Samsung Galaxy S4 , Nokia Lumia , BlackBerry and HTC one and so on .
Equipped with the creative and practical video editing functions , it allows you to optimize the video according to yourself .
For instance , you can beautify the video by adjusting the video brightness , saturation , contrast , hue and volume , cut off the undesired video part , modify the video screen size , add watermark to the video as well as join several video files into a new file .
This fantastic FLV video converter offers you the easier solution to convert FLV to other popular video formats .
Convert FLV to other popular video formats with high quality
As the first - class FLV video converter , 4 Videosoft FLV to Video Converter enables you to convert FLV to MP4 , MOV , MKV , AVI , VOB , etc with incomparable speed and incredible quality .
Besides , it allows you to customize the video with multiple editing functions , like Effect , Trim , Crop , Merge and Watermark .
You 're able to modify the video and audio settings as well .
It 's very easy to use for both rookie users and advanced users .
Thanks to the advanced acceleration technology , you can complete the whole conversion in a short while .
Optimize the video effect
With this fantastic FLV to Video Converter , you 're able to adjust the video brightness , saturation , contrast , hue and volume in order to get a satisfying video for playback on popular portable digital players .
Cut off undesired video part
If you just want to enjoy the part you like most , you can cut off the undesired part with Trim function .
Drag the slide blocks at both ends to set the start time and end time .
After the conversion , you 're able to enjoy your favorite part over and over again .
Merge several videos into one With Merge function , joining several video files into a new single file is pretty easy .
You can put a few videos into a new file for a successive enjoyment after the conversion .
Adjust the video screen size
Thanks to the Crop function , you can get the proper video screen size for your digital player .
Well , you 're allowed to cut off the black edges of the source videos for your need .
Add watermark for the video Watermark function enables you to add text or image watermark to the video .
The logo , pictures or your comment can be added to the video as watermark .
The font size , font color as well as the position of the watermark can be modified according to yourself .
Preview and snapshot
You 're able to preview the source FLV videos in the preview window owing to the built - in player .
When previewing the videos , you can capture your favorite video image with Snapshot function .
Blazing - fast speed Equipped with the fabulous acceleration technology , it 's capable of converting FLV to other video formats within a short while , and then you can enjoy the converted videos at will .
Ultra initial user experience
With the simple design , anyone can operate it very easily .
It 's totally clean and safe .
No ads will pop up when converting the videos .
It lets you enjoy the conversion process freely .
Screenshot
Reviews
I like this software very much for it can convert FLV videos to MP4 with high quality .
I like its simple design and thank you so much !
- Hal
Reference
OS Supported : Windows 10 , Windows 8/8.1 , Windows 7 , Windows Vista , Windows XP ( SP2 or later )
Hardware Requirements : 800MHz
Intel or AMD CPU , or above ; 512MB RAM or more
Revealed : Image of the ravaged young man who became the first person in the world to undergo a full face transplant
Barely living :
An MRI image showing the ravaged face of a man who accidentally blew his jaw , mouth and nose away with a shotgun .
He has since become the first person in the world to undergo a full facial transplant
The nose is gone , the jaw has been blown away , and where the mouth should be there is only a gaping hole and scar tissue .
This is a Magnetic Resonance Image ( MRI ) of the young man who made medical history last month when he became the first person in the world to undergo a full facial transplant - taken before his life - changing surgery .
Before the operation , described as the ‘ holy grail of plastic surgery ’ , the man , a farmer in his 30s , was unable to breathe , swallow or talk properly .
He accidentally blew most of his face off , including his nose and jaw , with a gun five years ago .
Nine earlier surgical attempts to rebuild his face had failed .
A handful of partial transplants have been carried out since Isabelle Dinoire had her face repaired by French surgeons in 2005 .
But until now , no one has had the skill or courage to replace an entire face .
The 24 - hour operation involved 30 surgeons , anaesthetists , nurses and other medical experts at the Vall d’Hebron hospital in Barcelona .
The man , who has not been named , received new facial muscles , skin , nose , lips , jaw , teeth , palate and cheekbones .
The full - face transplant operation took place on March 20 but details have only just been made public .
Medical history : Dr Joan Pere Barret with X - rays showing the shattered face of the man prior to the op
The recipient is said to be recovering well and has already glimpsed his new face .
Joan Pere Barret , the hospital ’s head of plastic surgery , said : ‘ The patient has scars on his forehead and his neck but they will become invisible in the future .
‘ He has seen himself when he told us he wanted to and psychologists said he was ready .
It was a week after the operation and he reacted well , saying he was satisfied with the result . ’
A computer - generated image released by the Vall d'Hebron hospital in Barcelona showing the area of the face that was transplanted
These computer - generated images show the sequence of the procedure by surgeons for the world 's first full face transplant
Although the man has been given someone else ’s face , he will not take on the looks of the donor , who died in a road crash .
Instead , his new face will be a hybrid , identical to neither his old one nor the donor ’s but reminiscent of both .
He is expected to remain in hospital for another two months .
Dr Barret said : ‘ Our aim is that in a few weeks , he begins to talk and eat as well as smiling and laughing . ’
The biggest concern now is that the man ’s body will reject the transplant .
He will have to take powerful immunosuppressant drugs for the rest of his life and faces an increased risk of cancer as a result .
The drugs can also trigger other illnesses such as diabetes .
Miss Dinoire ’s body tried twice to reject the transplant and a Frenchman who was given a new face in two stages died after an infection triggered a heart attack .
There are also fears that patients who have already gone through the trauma of a major accident , plus countless operations , will struggle to cope psychologically with the effects of losing their identity .
However , many believe the risks are worth taking .
British surgeon Peter Butler , who had hoped to carry out the world ’s first total face transplant at London ’s Royal Free Hospital , believes the technique could one day benefit millions .
Mr Butler has said : ‘ There are a quarter of a million people in the UK with severe facial disfigurement for whom reconstructive surgery has not worked .
‘ Their quality of life is indescribably poor and many seldom leave their homes .
‘ They live an almost twilight existence , hiding in shadows and afraid to expose themselves to unforgiving public scrutiny .
‘ Nobody underestimates the challenges of what we propose to do , but if facial transplantation is successful , it will be the first option offered to those who live in that awful twilight zone , and not the last .
‘ It will give them the opportunity to once again walk along a street in broad daylight with nobody noticing . ’
Congratulating the Spanish team , Mr Butler said : ‘ We must also remember the family of the donor who , we understand , has helped not only the facial transplantation patient but others , with various forms of organ donation .
‘ To help others , not only to live but to have a good life , is a supreme act of human generosity . ’
The first of four British operations will be carried out as soon as a suitable donor becomes available .
In a statement , the Spanish hospital said that the unnamed man ' had been operated on nine times without satisfactory success , therefore he was considered for full face transplant .
World 's first partial face transplant recipient : Isabelle Dinoire in 2006 , a year after her operation
' The operation was carried out by a multidisciplinary team led by Dr Joan Pere Barret , performing the transplant of the entire facial skin and muscles , nose , lips , maxilla , palate , all teeth , cheekbones , and the mandible by means of plastic surgery and micro-neurovascular reconstructive surgery techniques .
' This is the first full face transplant performed worldwide , as the 10 operations performed previously had been only partial . '
In the first part of the operation , the soft parts of the face , including veins and arteries , were extracted before firmer tissue was removed .
The young man 's arteries and veins were then isolated and the donor 's face checked to ensure there was a complete flow of blood .
The final part of the surgery involved transplanting bones and connecting nerves to the new face .
The statement said : ' The recipient must remain in Vall d'Hebron University Hospital for two months , although the duration will depend on his evolution .
All sorts of counterintuitive behavior happens with regularity in the quantum realm , but very little of that bleeds over into the world of classical mechanics that the human senses occupy .
We can register the effects of the quantum behavior of electrons and atoms , but the actual objects that undergo tunneling and entanglement are invisible to the naked eye .
In the last couple of years , however , researchers have started working with mechanical oscillators that can display quantum behavior in some circumstances .
A paper that will be released by Nature now provides pretty unambiguous evidence for quantum interactions between a standard qubit and a piezoelectric device that 's roughly 50µm long — large enough to be seen with the naked eye .
This is n't the first paper to describe quantum behavior in a mechanical device , but it seems to be one of the cleanest .
For the most part , the work has focused on microscopic levers , where the vibrational modes can be characterized in terms of a quantum mechanical unit called a phonon .
The number of modes accessible increases rapidly as temperature goes up , which is why vibrations never appear to be quantum mechanical in our day - to - day experience .
To study a system like this at the quantum level , you need to ensure that very few of these vibrational modes are accessible — ideally , you want to be able to bring the system to its ground state , and excite it with the lowest - energy phonon possible .
Unfortunately , the ground state temperature is related to the vibrational frequency .
To reach it , you either need to reach temperatures below those possible with current refrigeration methods , or have something that can vibrate incredibly quickly .
Instead of opting for the reinvention of refrigeration technology , the authors of the new paper , based at the University of Santa Barbara , chose the alternative : they designed a mechanical device that oscillates at a frequency of roughly 6GHz .
The device involves a pair of aluminum electrodes that sandwich a layer of aluminum nitride , which is a strong piezoelectric material ( it can convert physical strain to current and vice versa ) .
The oscillator can be pushed out of its ground state either by adding current or by absorbing microwaves of the appropriate frequency .
All together , the device is over 50µm , which the authors state is visible to the naked eye .
When chilled down to its ground state at 25 milliKelvin , the piezoelectric device can start oscillating when it receives energy via either microwaves or current .
The challenge then was determining that these oscillations reflected the presence of phonons .
The layout of the device , with the Josephson flux qubit on top , the piezoelectric oscillator at bottom , and a capacitor linking the two ( middle ) .
Image Courtesy of Andrew Cleland
To perform that test , the authors linked the oscillator to a standard quantum electrical circuit called a Josephson phase qubit , which contains ( surprise ! ) a Josephson junction — two superconducting layers that flank a thin layer of non-superconducting material .
The Josephson junction , when linked with a capacitor and inductor , can form a qubit , and store quantum information via a ground and excited state .
The frequency of transitions between these states is adjustable , and covers the range between five and 10GHz , which nicely overlaps the resonant frequency of the piezoelectric oscillator .
This frequency is adjustable on the fly , meaning the authors could switch the interactions between the two devices on and off at will .
The experimental device linked the two systems through a capacitor .
When the two were linked , the authors could demonstrate that the behavior of the Josephson qubit was strongly sensitive to the microwave resonant frequency of the oscillator — in fact , as shown at top , their measurements were an almost perfect match for the predictions .
In short , the classical mechanical resonance was creating a feature that could be detected with a quantum device .
The authors were able to demonstrate that the average time before a quantum of energy was lost was in the neighborhood of 17 nanoseconds .
Fortunately , the typical energy exchange between the two systems only took about four nanoseconds , so they were able to excite the Josephson qubit and watch the excited state hop to the oscillator ( where it appeared as a phonon ) and back several times .
Again , the observed behavior was an excellent match to the calculated predictions .
For those who got lost in the details , the short version : the device can convert a quantum state to mechanical oscillations and back .
And ( in the grand scheme of things ) , it 's big .
The short , 17ns period before the energy is lost from the system means that there 's not enough time for a careful study of the entanglement between the two systems .
The qubits are normally stable for 500ns , though , which leads the authors to suggest that the energy is lost through the aluminum nitride layer .
That gives them an obvious next step , namely getting the system to survive long enough for some detailed studies .
An accompanying News & Views article by Markus Aspelmeyer also suggests that it might be possible to use the principles behind this device to either bring the frequencies needed down , or to increase the physical motion involved in the mechanical resonator .
If we can manage both , Aspelmeyer suggests , then it might be possible to determine whether a quantum state could actually involve having a physical device appear in two places at once .
Aspelmeyer 's article is also worth reading because he describes how the physics community first became aware of the potential for this work : Andrew Cleland , the last author of the paper , dropped it into the last slide of a talk he gave last July .
There was apparently dead silence as the implications sunk in , and then a round of roaring applause from the audience .
Nature , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1038/nature08967
Nature , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1038/nature08998 ( About DOIs ) .
Google 's Hold for
Me feature stays on the line when your call is placed on hold
I ’ve seen quite a few funny chatroulette screenshots in the last two weeks , but this one easily takes the cake .
Â
Let ’s watch what happens when three christian girls get paired up with a 12 year old 4 chan contributor .
Note :
You can click on the pictures to enlarge them
The Ice Breaker
The Bait
The Setup
The Delivery
If you really want to see the uncensored version of this , you can click here .
A shipment of seed sent by the Agricultural Research Service ( ARS ) earlier this month to the Svalbard Global Seed Vault in Norway included a wild Russian strawberry that an expeditionary team braved bears and volcanoes to collect .
The seed shipment -- ARS ' third since January 2008 -- included wild and cultivated soybeans , semi- dwarf wheat and rice cultivars , and other samples maintained in the agency 's National Plant Germplasm System ( NPGS ) .
ARS ' goal , over the next 10 to 15 years , is have the majority of the system 's 511,000 collections stored in the vault , which is administered by Norway 's Nordic Genetic Resources Center together with the Global Crop Diversity Trust .
The vault itself is built into a mountainside on Spitsbergen Island , located midway between Norway 's northernmost coast and the North Pole .
With this third U.S. shipment , the facility will house more than 500,000 plant accessions obtained from around the world .
However , the total storage capacity is likely 10 times that amount , notes plant physiologist David Ellis with ARS ' National Center for Genetic Resources Preservation in Fort Collins , Colo .
Ellis coordinates the shipments of seed obtained from multiple ARS locations .
Worldwide , there are about 1,400 operating genebanks .
The Svalbard vault 's purpose is n't to replace them , but rather to provide a secure remote backup location for the genetic diversity contained in the genebanks , should their collections be lost due to natural disaster or other reasons .
The ship containing ARS ' contributions " set sail " the last week of February and arrived the first week of March , adding 10,522 samples of seed to the Svalbard collection .
Strawberry specimens included Fragaria iturupensis , a wild relative originally collected in 2003 from the island of Iturup in Far Eastern Russia by scientists from the N.I. Vavilov Institute of Plant Industry .
Led by senior scientist Andrey Sabitov , an ARS collaborator , the team hiked for three days in bear territory to obtain the seeds from the Atsunupuri Volcano 's lower flank .
Horticulturist Kim Hummer of the ARS National Clonal Germplasm Repository in Corvallis , Ore. , received some of the seed , which may provide genes for new flavor components or pest resistance .
This seed has now been sent to Svalbard for long - term preservation .
A Saudi woman is to be lashed 300 times and jailed for 18 months for filing complaints against court officials and appearing in court without a male guardian .
Sawsan Salim was convicted last month in a court in Rass , in Qassim province in the north , after petitioning Riyadh officials , including King Abdullah , over what she alleged was years of abuse by local justice officials , the US - based Human Rights Watch said on Wednesday .
Despite her request for intervention , two judges charged her with filing 118 " spurious complaints " against officials , including the judges themselves , and " appearing ... without a male guardian " between 2004 and 2008 .
On January 25 , she was convicted after a month - long trial before two judges , one of whom was a plaintiff in the case and the original target of Ms Salim 's harassment allegations , Human Rights Watch said .
The group has called for higher authorities to quash the verdict .
Samantha
By thisnameisoriginal Watch
3 Favourites 0 Comments 1K Views
This is my model friend .
This was taken in her dorm room .
She needed an " amateur " set without the benefit of makeup or touch - ups for a company she was trying out for .
She got the job and is now somewhere in LA .
The warm light source is from her incandescent desk light .
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 2592x3872px 3.37 MB
Make NIKON CORPORATION Model NIKON D60 Shutter Speed 10/600 second Aperture F/ 5.6 Focal Length 55 mm ISO Speed 250 Date Taken Nov 11 , 2009 , 8:07:23 PM
Show More
Published : Mar 1 , 2010
He was warned , oh yes he was .
Having missed Bill Maher ’s “ New Rule “ , the GOPosaurs warned the president that , by God , if he made any recess appointments , well , they would just quit being all bipartisany .
So he did anyway .
15 of ’em .
Average number of days these folks have been waiting to be confirmed : 214 .
Now he ’ll have to pay the price : no bipartisanship from Congress anymore .
Cry me a damn river .
As the New York Times reports , that was the final fucking straw for Republicans .
They have tried and they have tried and they have tried to be bipartisan but the goddam president just would n’t let ’em .
No siree , Bob , he just had to go and do this and , well , that just tears it .
No more Mr. Cooperative Guy from them .
Uh uh , no way , no how , no , ma’am .
“ This is going to make problems worse , ” said Lindsey Graham .
“ What the president has done here is throw fuel on the fire at a time when the debate about politics is a very angry debate to begin with , ” said Lamar Alexander .
Even Orrin
Hatch got in on the fun :
“ In his January State of the Union address , President Obama pledged that he would work in a bipartisan fashion to confront the challenges facing our nation .
Instead of living up to that pledge , the President today ignored the Senate ’s bipartisan rejection of a highly - controversial nominee by recess appointing Craig Becker to serve on the National Labor Relations Board …
“ What makes this decision even more troubling is that it comes only two days after all 41 Republicans urged the President not to take this action .
It did n’t have to be this way . ”
See ?
He was warned .
It did n’t have to be this way .
He could have just done what the Republicans told him to do .
Like the bully that requires a compliant victim , the Republicans are now acting all aghast that President Obama dared to go and do the very thing they have pretty much been daring him to do all along .
They sit on his appointments for the better part of a year and now — NOW — when he finally says “ fuck it ” and just goes ahead and appoints them in a recess appointment ( something George Bush did ONE - HUNDRED AND SEVENTY TIMES !!! ) , well now they ’re pissed .
And they are crying to their mommy ( the “ electorate ” ) , “ MOMMY !
Barack wo n’t let us keep hitting him !
He wo n’t let me have any fun by pounding his head against the wall , mommy .
It ’s not FAIR !!! ”
I have this image of the Republicans as Moe Stooge and President Obama as Curly or Larry Stooge and Moe going , “ Stand still while I letchya HAVE it ! ” and then pulls their hair or pokes ’em in the eyes or beans ’em with a two - by - four .
Seriously , Republicans , you do n’t really expect the American public to fall for your shit anymore do you ?
Do you ?
Really ?
Get over yourselves .
I ’m just sayin ’ …
Red Dead Redemption , spiritual successor to Red Dead Revolver , has been delayed to mid-May , the game was originally scheduled to release on April 27 , 2010 on Xbox 360 and the ps3 .
The delay was revealed today in Take - Two Interactive Software , Inc. Reports of it ’s First Quarter Fiscal 2010 Financial Results , which mentioned that Red Dead Redemption is now planned for release on May 18 , 2010 in North America and May 21 , 2010 internationally .
Take Two ’s CEO Ben Feder explained the reasoning behind the delay ,
We shifted the launch of the game by several weeks into the third quarter .
We believe this is the optimal time frame to release what is being hailed as the next generation of sandbox games .
The reports also revealed that Civilization V will be releasing this Fall and Grand Theft Auto IV has sold over 15 million units globally .
If you are interested in reading the full financial report head over to marketwatch.com
( CNN ) --
The archdiocese of Denver , Colorado , is defending its decision not to re-enroll two children in a Catholic school in Boulder next year because their parents are lesbians .
" The Church does not claim that people with a homosexual orientation are ' bad , ' or that their children are less loved by God , " wrote Archbishop Charles J. Chaput in an article to be published in Thursday 's edition of the Denver Catholic Register .
" Quite the opposite .
But what the Church does teach is that sexual intimacy by anyone outside marriage is wrong ; that marriage is a sacramental covenant ; and that marriage can only occur between a man and a woman .
These beliefs are central to a Catholic understanding of human nature , family and happiness , and the organization of society .
The Church cannot change these teachings because , in the faith of Catholics , they are the teachings of Jesus Christ . "
He added people with a different understanding of marriage and family life " have other , excellent options for education and should see in them the better course for their children . "
The issue centers on the Sacred Heart of Jesus School , where the children are currently enrolled , the older of whom has been enrolled in kindergarten for next year but will not be allowed to enter first grade and the younger of whom is in preschool but will not be allowed to enter kindergarten .
" The Archdiocese of Denver has acted very unjustly in singling out this child for exclusion , " said DignityUSA Executive Director Marianne Duddy - Burke in a written statement Monday , before it became clear that two children were affected .
" Until every student 's parents are tested on Catholic teaching , this action by Catholic officials cannot be understood as anything other than discrimination on the back of a child .
At a tender age , this child has learned that Catholic officials are willing to inflict pain on children and families . "
The decision was made public last week .
" These actions by the Denver Archdiocese harm the student by taking the child away from friends , teachers and community , " said Jarrett Barrios , president of the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation .
" It 's deeply troubling to see any school remove a child from their educational program simply as the means of rejecting that child 's parents . "
In a posting of his sermon , the Rev. Bill Breslin , pastor of Sacred Heart of Jesus Church , supported the decision .
" The issue is not about our not accepting ' sinners , ' " he said .
" It is not about punishing the child for the sins of his or her parents .
It is simply that the lesbian couple is saying that their relationship is a good one that should be accepted by everyone ; and the Church cannot agree to that . "
About 30 opponents of the move , " mostly hetero allies of the gay community , " protested Sunday outside the church during Mass , said Dave Ensign , board president of Boulder Pride , a lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community center and services organization .
Ensign handed out flyers to the protesters and then joined the parishioners as they listened to the sermon defending the church 's move .
" I was disappointed , but it was pretty much what I was expecting to hear , " he said .
He added that the larger community 's reaction has been positive .
" When people hear about this , they speak up and I think that says a lot about our community , " he said .
The children have not been identified publicly .
Bigger , Longer and Uncut
Microsoft founder Bill Gates is shot in the head by an Army general in the South Park movie / musical , released in 1999 .
After suffering a computer problem , the general yells " Get Bill Gates in here ! " and the executive is promptly escorted into the room by soldiers .
The general complains " You told us that Windows 98 would be faster , and more efficient with better access to the Internet ! "
Gates replies
" It is faster !
Over five million … " but before Gates can finish his sentence the general shoots him dead .
One of the key arguments of Barack Obama ’s Presidential campaign was that he would improve America ’s image around the world .
This idea was based on the false assumption that anti-Americanism was due to factors peculiar to the Bush administration , as opposed to the basic realities of America ’s role in the world and the hostility that many feel toward our values and interests .
Thus , anyone foolish enough to believe that electing Obama would transform our international relationships must be disappointed .
Most recently , student protests have broken out in Indonesia against Obama ’s planned visit to the land of his youth .
One might think that Indonesia , especially , would welcome Obama as a favorite son .
But Muslims in the world ’s largest Muslim country do n’t see it that way .
Here , protesters hurl shoes at a picture of Obama :
Most liberals liked it when an Islamic militant threw his shoe at George Bush .
I ’ve seen no comment on their feelings about having the same courtesy extended to Obama .
The students also call Obama a terrorist :
In reality , any President who takes the most elementary measures to protect American security –drone strikes , say–is a “ terrorist ” in the eyes of Islamic radicals .
Welcome to Israel ’s world , Barack .
Bank of America made headlines with its principal forgiveness program .
The real news is that they are preparing to blast debtors out of their bunkers of entitlement .
Today 's featured property is another epic HELOC abuser .
Should these people qualify for principal reduction ?
Irvine Home Address … 17 CARRIAGE Dr Irvine , CA 92602
Resale Home Price …… $ 715,000
{book1}
The more I know , the less I understand All the things I thought I knew , I 'm learning again I 've been tryin ' to get down to the heart of the matter
But my will gets weak and my thoughts seem to scatter
But I think it 's about … forgiveness Forgiveness
Even if , even if you do n't PAY me anymore Don Henley — The Heart of the Matter
Lenders are trying to figure out how their massive Ponzi Scheme collapsed .
They are relearning lending again because everything they thought they knew was wrong .
When you get down to the heart of the matter , borrowers are carrying too much debt which is killing them financially and emotionally .
It is about forgiveness .
Even if it means debtors do n't pay anymore .
Forgiveness never comes easy , and in lending it never comes cheap .
These debts will be forgiven , and the toxic loans that spawned them will be cleansed from the system — mostly through foreclosure .
Home debtors are hoping for principal forgiveness without consequence .
That is n't going to happen .
Lenders only forgive as a last resort , and there are consequences for the borrower .
When it 's done , lenders turn to the US taxpayer to make them whole again .
A 600 % increase in foreclosures
I attended a local Building Industry Association conference on Friday 26 March 2010 .
The west coast manager of real estate owned , Senior Vice President Ken Gaitan , stated that Bank of America , which currently forecloses on 7,500 homes a month nationally , will increase that number to 45,000 homes per month by December of 2010 .
After his surprising statement , two questioners from the audience asked questions to verify the numbers .
Bank of America is projecting a 600 % increase in its already large number of monthly foreclosures .
This is n't unsubstantiated rumor ; this comes straight from one of the most powerful men in Bank of America 's OREO department ( yes , that really is what they call it ) .
It appears they have too many properties already .
Perhaps this is a good time to start a Trustee Sale service … .
One of the panelists who works for a building company said he was flipping houses with his personal money .
He noted that in some markets , he can buy a house at auction for less money than builders are paying for finished lots .
That is a bit crazy .
There was encouraging news from some in the reality - based community at the conference .
Builders are buying up projects in Southern California , so the land market has found a bottom .
Prices are still speculative , but the builders are buying to have buildable inventory , so in select markets real demand exists for finished lots and properties with partial improvements .
There was a certain amount of positive spin at the event , which is natural given the beleaguered stated of the Southern California building industry .
Jeff Collins at the OC Register covered the more bullish opinions .
It is still not enough
Last week I noted that Lenders Start More Foreclosures to Catch Up with Delinquencies .
Consider the size of the problem : 1.2 million Bank of America homeowners are in default .
Even if they forclosed on 45,000 a month for a full year , that is only 540,000 foreclosures .
What about the other 660,000 people in default ?
I think their number — large as it may seem — is actually wishful thinking .
It is worse than that .
( thanks jules )
Principal reductions are a public relations diversion
Everyone is abuzz with the news that Bank of America is forgiving principal .
As you might imagine , many will apply and few will be helped .
Moral hazard dictates that irresponsible borrowing that results in free money will cause more irresponsible borrowing ; after all , it is n't borrowing , it 's a gift .
If banks start giving away money , everyone will do whatever is necessary to obtain it .
I contend the principal reduction program is a public relations diversion .
Let 's look at the numbers .
By Bank of America 's own admission , the program will assist 45,000 customers — a sum equal to the monthly foreclosure rates they are anticipating by the end of the year .
If they are foreclosing on more people each month than would be helped by the principal reduction program , then the program is merely a pleasant facade intended to divert attention from the huge volume of foreclosures they will push through .
Published : March 24 , 2010
Bank of America said on Wednesday that it would begin forgiving some mortgage debt in an effort to keep distressed borrowers from losing their homes .
The program , while limited in scope and available by invitation only , signals a significant shift in efforts to deal with the millions of homeowners who are facing foreclosure .
It comes as banks are being urged by the White House , members of Congress and community groups to do more to stem the tide .
The Obama administration is also studying whether to provide more help to people who owe more on their mortgages than their homes are worth .
Bank of America ’s program may increase the pressure on other big banks to offer more help for delinquent borrowers , while potentially angering homeowners who have kept up their payments and are not getting such aid .
You think ?
Responsible borrowers should be pissed .
The more irresponsible and foolish borrowers were , the greater their principal forgiveness .
As the housing market shows signs of possibly entering another downturn , worries about foreclosure are growing .
With the volume of sales falling , prices are sliding again .
When the gap increases between the size of a mortgage and the value that the home could fetch in a sale , owners tend to give up .
Cutting the size of the debt over a period of years , however , might encourage people to stick around .
That could save homes from foreclosure and stabilize neighborhoods .
“ Banks are willing to take some losses now to avoid much greater losses later if the housing market continues to spiral , and that ’s a sea change from where they were a year ago , ” said Howard Glaser , a housing consultant in Washington and former government regulator .
The threat of a stick may be helping banks to realize that principal write - downs are in their ultimate self - interest .
The Bank of America program was announced simultaneously with the news that the lender had reached a settlement with the state of Massachusetts over claims of predatory lending .
The program is aimed at borrowers who received subprime or other high - risk loans from Countrywide Financial , the biggest and one of the most aggressive lenders during the housing boom .
Bank of America bought Countrywide in 2008 .
Bank of America is trying this principal reduction program with Option ARM holders because they know these people are all going to default .
Anything they can do to minimize the losses on these properties , including delaying foreclosure and hoping for appreciation , is preferred to absorbing these losses when prices are very low .
Of course , it will not work , but it it worth a shot .
They have little to lose by trying .
Borrowers have nothing to lose either .
The Bank of America program is an attempt to stop the hopelessly underwater from strategically defaulting .
It is their only hope .
The devil is in the details
Bank of America officials said the maximum reduction would be 30 percent of the value of the loan .
Those people who are more than 30 % underwater are considered the walking dead .
They should default .
If you do n't qualify for this program because you are too far underwater , what hope do you have ?
I heard recently that Hemet , California , has a significant number of borrowers more than 50 % underwater .
Back in 2006 - 2007 , I was involved with the Valley Economic Development Corporation working to bring business to Hemet and San Jacinto .
I remember a brochure we created touting the relative affordability of local housing .
At the time , the median income was $ 45,000 per year , and the median home price was $ 405,000 .
Most who paid $ 405,000 for a house back then used Option ARMs because they could leverage nine - times their income to obtain a property .
Now that the median home price is around $ 175,000 — which is close to four - times income — many residents owe more than double what their house is worth .
They said the program would work this way : A borrower might owe , say , $ 250,000 on a house whose value has fallen to $ 200,000 .
Fifty thousand dollars of that balance would be moved into a special interest - free account .
As long as the owner continued to make payments on the $ 200,000 , $ 10,000 in the special account would be forgiven each year until either the balance was zero or the housing market had recovered and the borrower once again had positive equity .
Let 's see how a Southern California borrower would be effected by this program .
Let 's assume a $ 500,000 house price and a $ 400,000 first mortgage with a $ 100,000 second .
The second is not subject to this agreement , so we already have our first major hurdle to overcome .
When Bank of America lowers the value of its first mortgage , are they taking into account the indebtedness of the second ?
If they do n't , payments are still not affordable .
Assume the borrower received $ 200,000 in potential principal reduction .
Now they are paying on a $ 200,000 first and a $ 100,000 second which brings their combined loan - to - value under 100 % .
The $ 200,000 of deferred principal gets reduced by $ 10,000 a year until values increase .
Absent appreciation , it will take 20 years to dig out .
That is a long time to rent their home from the bank with zero equity .
Here is where it gets fuzzy — on purpose I 'm sure —
Let 's say the borrower stays with the program for ten years .
The deferred principal is now $ 100,000 , and the total indebtedness is $ 400,000 minus amortization .
Let 's further assume that prices have appreciated , and the property is now worth $ 400,000 .
What happens ?
Does the principal forgiveness end and the account with the principal deferment is permanently fixed at the point of crossover ?
How do we know when this occurs ?
Is Bank of America going to order yearly appraisals just prior to forgiving the debt to make sure the owner is still underwater ?
Once Bank of America discovers the borrower is no longer underwater , can they recapture forgiven principal if the borrower continues to live in the property ?
In short , does the bank get the appreciation to recover the forgiven debt , or does the borrower get to keep it ?
How is this deferred principal paid off ?
Is this a permanent zero - interest loan paid off when the property is sold ?
Does the deferred principal get added back to the original mortgage once the borrower is no longer underwater ?
What happens to the borrower 's payment ?
If those questions are resolved in favor of borrowers , I would be surprised .
To the degree that the borrower benefits is the degree to which moral hazard is encouraged .
Too little too late
Bank of America said its new program would initially help about 45,000 Countrywide borrowers — a fraction of the 1.2 million Bank of America homeowners who are in default .
The total amount of principal reduced , it estimated , would be $ 3 billion .
The bank said it would reach out to delinquent borrowers whose mortgage balance was at least 20 percent greater than the value of the house .
These people would then have to demonstrate a hardship like a loss of income .
These requirements will , the bank hopes , restrain any notion that it is offering easy bailouts to those who might otherwise be able to pay .
“ The customers who will get this offer really can’t afford their mortgage , ” Mr. Schakett said .
LOL !
Every borrower in Bank of America 's books is going to seek a bailout .
That is moral hazard !
That is why you do n't bail people out .
The only way to discourage this is to create a program nobody qualifies for …
I guess they did that , did n't they ?
But Steve Walsh , a mortgage broker [ LOL ! ] in Scottsdale , Ariz. , who said he had just abandoned his house and several rental properties , called the program “ another Band - Aid .
It probably would not have prevented me from walking away . ”
That is the other problem Bank of America must contend with .
Many of the people who took out these loans were speculators who are going to walk no matter the terms because their speculative venture did not turn out as planned .
… Reducing principal is widely endorsed , in theory , as a cure for foreclosures .
The trouble is , no one wants to absorb the costs .
[ No kidding ? ]
When the administration announced a housing assistance program in the five hardest - hit states last month , officials explicitly opened the door to principal forgiveness .
Despite reservations expressed by the Treasury , the White House and Housing and Urban Development officials have continued to study debt forgiveness in areas with lots of so - called underwater homes , according to two people with knowledge of the matter .
" Continued study " is code for " we are not going to do anything , but we want you to think that we might . "
It is part of the dangling - carrot policy designed only to keep debtors paying .
On a national scale , such a program risks a political firestorm if the banks are unable to finance all the losses themselves .
Regulators like the comptroller of the currency and the Federal Reserve have been focused on maintaining the banks ’ capital levels , which could be hurt by large - scale debt forgiveness .
“ You have to be very careful not to design a program that would change people ’s fundamental behavior across the country in a destabilizing way or would be widely perceived as unfair to people who are continuing to pay , ” Michael S. Barr , an assistant secretary of the Treasury , said early this year .
Moral Hazard can't be avoided
No program exists , nor can one be designed , that does not create moral hazard and gross unfairness .
That is why this issue is so difficult .
This process must be allowed to run its course .
Bank of America will manage its public relations and try to look like they are working to prevent foreclosures .
In reality , Bank of America is gearing up to remove the loan owners and squatters .
Expect to see a steady increase in foreclosures all year continuing for the foreseeable future .
Should we give HELOC abusers principal reductions ?
The owner of today 's featured property would likely qualify under the terms of the Bank of America agreement .
Let 's take a careful look at the behavior of these borrowers and see if this is something we should encourage with bailouts and handouts .
This property was purchased on 7/30/199 for $ 348,500 .
The owners used a $ 313,350 first mortgage and a $ 35,150 down payment .
On 10/14/1999 they obtained a HELOC for $ 30,000 which allowed them to withdraw their down payment .
On 3/7/2002 they opened a HELOC for $ 50,000 .
On 3/28/2003 they refinanced their first mortgage for $ 322,000 .
On 3/17/2004 they obtained a HELOC for $ 120,000 .
On 10/26/2004 they refinanced their first mortgage for $ 462,750 .
On 10/12/2006 they refinanced their first mortgage for $ 625,000 .
On 11/14/2006 they obtained a HELOC for $ 100,000 .
Total property debt is $ 725,000 .
Total mortgage equity withdrawal is $ 436,650 including their down payment .
It is obvious from the photos these people did not spend this money on property improvements .
Where did it all go ?
We all know this money went to conspicuous consumption and keeping up with the Joneses just like it did for everyone else .
Do you want to see them get a principal reduction to pay for it ?
I do n't .
Irvine Home Address … 17 CARRIAGE Dr Irvine , CA 92602
Resale Home Price … $ 715,000
Home Purchase Price … $ 348,500
Home Purchase Date ….
6/30/1999
Net Gain ( Loss ) ………. $ 323,600
Percent Change ………. 105.2 %
Annual Appreciation … 6.8 %
Cost of Ownership
— — — — — — — — ————————-
$ 715,000 ………. Asking Price
$ 143,000 ………. 20 % Down Conventional
5.11 % …………… Mortgage Interest Rate
$ 572,000 ………. 30 - Year Mortgage
$ 149,907 ………. Income Requirement
$ 3,109 ………. Monthly Mortgage Payment
$ 620 ………. Property Tax
$ 50 ………. Special Taxes and Levies ( Mello Roos )
$ 60 ………. Homeowners Insurance
$ 0 ………. Homeowners Association Fees
============================================
$ 3,838 ………. Monthly Cash Outlays
-$ 764 ………. Tax Savings ( % of Interest and Property Tax )
-$ 673 ………. Equity Hidden in Payment
$ 287 ………. Lost Income to Down Payment ( net of taxes )
$ 89 ………. Maintenance and Replacement Reserves
============================================
$ 2,777 ………. Monthly Cost of Ownership
Cash Acquisition Demands
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
$ 7,150 ………. Furnishing and Move In @1 %
$ 7,150 ………. Closing Costs @ 1 %
$ 5,720 ………… Interest Points @ 1 % of Loan
$ 143,000 ………. Down Payment
============================================
$ 163,020 ………. Total Cash Costs
$ 42,500 ………… Emergency Cash Reserves
============================================
$ 205,520 ………. Total Savings Needed
Property Details for 17 CARRIAGE Dr Irvine , CA 92602
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
Beds : 4
Baths : 2 full 1 part baths
Home size : 2,250 sq ft
( $ 318 / sq ft )
Lot Size : 4,912 sq ft
Year Built : 1999
Days on Market : 4
MLS Number : P727630
Property Type : Single Family , Residential
Community : West Irvine
Tract : Ambw
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
According to the listing agent , this listing may be a pre-foreclosure or short sale .
This beautiful Fieldstone home , tucked nicely away at the end of a long driveway , has a really functional floorplan with a big living room , a great family room with built - in bookcases that opens directly into the kitchen with center island , and a private , peaceful backyard .
Upstairs bedrooms are roomy , and the vast master bedroom has a bathroom with double sinks , separate tub & shower , and a HUGE walk - in closet .
One of the upstairs bedrooms has a giant alcove perfect as a retreat or home office .
Even the walk - in pantry located off the kitchen is really big !
Located in an award - winning school district , and with NO association dues , this happy home will be the site of many great neighborhood parties for years to come !
I get the impression that the man of the house was not responsible for its decoration ….
I want to thank my wife for not making me sleep in a room like that one .
BTW , I highly recommend reading Squatting Newport Coast Style , the post from Saturday .
It will make your blood boil :
Whether you 're mailing , filing for an extension , or already e-filed your taxes , you deserve a break today , and some national chains are ready to give it to you .
Here 's where you can find free food and discounts on tax day .
Advertisement
Photo by adonis hunter / ahptical .
Like any other nationwide give - away by a corporate chain , there are two key points to consider : not every location of every chain is participating , and some locations will have huge lines at all the usual times — and may even run out of the free goods .
If you pass by a certain store every day , it 's probably worth checking in , but if you 'd have to go out of your way , a quick call or check of the local news sites to see if they 're participating is definitely worth your time .
We 've done our best to indicate below when a franchise has , in particular , noted that participation in a give - away is on a store by store basis .
Advertisement
This list also sticks to chain stores with national presence , or at least large regional coverage .
If you 've seen a promotion that we missed , be sure to tell us in the comments .
Free Food
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Food Discounts and Promotions
Advertisement
Non-food freebies
What freebies , discounts , or other tax day promotions did we miss ?
Tell us in the comments , and we 'll update the post .
Arturo Vidich , Sofy Yuditskaya , and I needed a way to read brains for our Mental Block project last fall .
After looking at the options , we decided that hacking a toy EEG would be the cheapest / fastest way to get the data we wanted .
Here ’s how we did it .
The Options
A non-exhaustive list of the consumer - level options for building a brain - computer interface :
Open EEG
Force Trainer
Mind Flex
MindSet Description Plans and software for building an EEG from scratch Levitating ball game from Uncle Milton Levitating ball game from Mattel Official headset from NeuroSky Attention / Meditation Values No Yes Yes Yes EEG Power Band Values Yes ( roll your own FFT ) No Yes Yes Raw wave values Yes No No Yes Cost $ 200 + $ 75 ( street ) $ 80 ( street ) $ 200
Open EEG offers a wealth of hardware schematics , notes , and free software for building your own EEG system .
It ’s a great project , but the trouble is that the hardware costs add up quickly , and there is n’t a plug - and - play implementation comparable to the EEG toys .
The Nerosky MindSet is a reasonable deal as well — it ’s wireless , supported , and plays nicely with the company ’s free developer tools .
For our purposes , though , it was still a bit spendy .
Since NeuroSky supplies the EEG chip and hardware for the Force Trainer and Mind Flex toys , these options represent a cheaper ( if less convenient ) way to get the same data .
The silicon may be the same between the three , but our tests show that each runs slightly different firmware which accounts for some variations in data output .
The Force Trainer , for example , does n’t output EEG power band values — the Mind Flex does .
The MindSet , unlike the toys , also gives you access to raw wave data .
However , since we ’d probably end up running an FFT on the wave anyway ( and that ’s essentially what the EEG power bands represent ) , we did n’t particularly miss this data in our work with the Mind Flex .
Given all of this , I think the Mind Flex represents a sweet spot on the price / performance curve .
It gives you almost all of the data the Mind Set for less than half the cost .
The hack and accompanying software presented below works fine for the Force Trainer as well , but you ’ll end up with less data since the EEG power values are disabled in the Force Trainer ’s firmware from the factory .
Of course , the Mind Flex is supposed to be a black - box toy , not an officially supported development platform — so in order to access the actual sensor data for use in other contexts , we ’ll need to make some hardware modifications and write some software to help things along .
Here ’s how .
But first , the inevitable caveat :
Use extreme caution when working with any kind of voltage around your brain , particularly when wall power is involved .
The risks are small , but to be on the safe side you should only plug the Arduino +
Mind Flex combo into a laptop running on batteries alone .
( My thanks to Viadd for pointing out this risk in the comments . )
Also , performing the modifications outlined below means that you ’ll void your warranty .
If you make a mistake you could damage the unit beyond repair .
The modifications are n’t easily reversible , and they may interfere with the toy ’s original ball - levitating functionality .
However , I ’ve confirmed that when the hack is executed properly , the toy will continue to function — and perhaps more interestingly , you can skim data from the NeuroSky chip without interfering with gameplay .
In this way , we ’ve confirmed that the status lights and ball - levitating fan in the Mind Flex are simply mapped to the “ Attention ” value coming out of the NeuroSky chip .
The Hardware
Here ’s the basic layout of the Mind Flex hardware .
Most of the action is in the headband , which holds the EEG hardware .
A micro controller in the headband parses data from the EEG chip and sends updates wirelessly to a base station , where a fan levitates the ball and several LEDs illuminate to represent your current attention level .
This schematic immediately suggests several approaches to data extraction .
The most common strategy we ’ve seen is to use the LEDs on the base station to get a rough sense of the current attention level .
This is nice and simple , but five levels of attention just does n’t provide the granularity we were looking for .
A quick aside : Unlike the Mind Flex , the Force Trainer has some header pins ( probably for programming / testing / debugging ) which seem like an ideal place to grab some data .
Others have reported success with this approach .
We could never get it to work .
We decided to take a higher - level approach by grabbing serial data directly from the NeuroSky EEG chip and cutting the rest of the game hardware out of the loop , leaving a schematic that looks more like this :
The Hack
Parts list :
1 x Mind Flex
3 x AAA batteries for the headset
batteries for the headset 1 x Arduino ( any variety ) , with USB cable
cable 2 x 12 ” lengths of solid core hookup wire ( around # 22 or # 24 gauge is best ) .
A PC or Mac to monitor the serial data
Software list :
The video below walks through the whole process .
Detailed instructions and additional commentary follow after the video .
Step - by - step :
1. Disassembly .
Grab a screwdriver and crack open the left pod of the Mind Flex headset .
( The right pod holds the batteries . )
2. The T Pin .
The NeuroSky Board is the small daughterboard towards the bottom of the headset .
If you look closely , you should see conveniently labeled T and R pins — these are the pins the EEG board uses to communicate serially to the microcontroller on the main board , and they ’re the pins we ’ll use to eavesdrop on the brain data .
Solder a length of wire ( carefully ) to the “ T ” pin .
Thin wire is fine , we used # 24 gauge .
Be careful not to short the neighboring pins .
3. Common ground .
Your Arduino will want to share ground with the Mind Flex circuit .
Solder another length of wire to ground — any grounding point will do , but using the large solder pad where the battery ’s ground connection arrives at the board makes the job easier .
A note on power :
We ’ve found the Mind Flex to be inordinately sensitive to power … our initial hope was to power the NeuroSky board from the Arduino ’s 3.3 v supply , but this proved unreliable .
For now we ’re sticking with the factory configuration and powering the Arduino and Mind Flex independently .
4. Strain relief and wire routing .
We used a dab of hot glue to act as strain relief for the new wires , and drilled a hole in the case for the two wires to poke through after the case was closed .
This step is optional .
5 . Hook up the Arduino .
The wire from the Mind Flex ’s “ T ” pin goes into the Arduino ’s RX pin .
The ground goes … to ground .
You may wish to secure the Arduino to the side of the Mind Flex as a matter of convenience .
( We used zip ties . )
That ’s the extent of the hardware hack .
Now on to the software .
The data from the NeuroSky is not in a particularly friendly format .
It ’s a stream of raw bytes that will need to be parsed before they ’ll make any sense .
Fate is on our side : the packets coming from the Mind Flex match the structure from NeuroSky ’s official Mindset documentation .
( See the mindset_communications_protocol.pdf document in the Mindset developer kit if you ’re interested . )
You do n’t need to worry about this , since I ’ve written an Arduino library that makes the parsing process as painless as possible .
Essentially , the library takes the raw byte data from the NeuroSky chip , and turns it into a nice ASCII string of comma-separated values .
6. Load up the Arduino .
Download and install the Arduino Brain Library — it ’s available here .
Open the BrainSerialOut example and upload it to your board .
( You may need to disconnect the RX pin during the upload . )
The example code looks like this :
#include < Brain.h > //
Set up the brain parser , pass it the hardware serial object you want to listen on .
Brain brain ( Serial ) ; void setup ( ) { //
Start the hardware serial .
Serial . begin ( 9600 ) ; } void loop ( ) { //
Expect packets about once per second .
// The .readCSV ( ) function returns a string ( well , char * ) listing the most recent brain data , in the following format : // " signal strength , attention , meditation , delta , theta , low alpha , high alpha , low beta , high beta , low gamma , high gamma " if ( brain .
update ( ) ) { Serial . println ( brain .
readCSV ( ) ) ; } }
7. Test .
Turn on the Mind Flex , make sure the Arduino is plugged into your computer , and then open up the Serial Monitor .
If all went well , you should see the following :
Here ’s how the CSV breaks down : “ signal strength , attention , meditation , delta , theta , low alpha , high alpha , low beta , high beta , low gamma , high gamma ”
( More on what these values are supposed to mean later in the article .
Also , note that if you are hacking a Force Trainer instead of a Mind Flex , you will only see the first three values — signal strength , attention , and meditation . )
If you put the unit on your head , you should see the “ signal strength ” value drop to 0 ( confusingly , this means the connection is good ) , and the rest of the numbers start to fluctuate .
8. Visualize .
As exciting as the serial monitor is , you might think , “ Surely there ’s a more intuitive way to visualize this data ! ”
You ’re in luck : I ’ve written a quick , open - source visualizer in Processing which graphs your brain activity over time ( download ) .
It ’s designed to work with the BrainSerial Out Arduino code you ’ve already loaded .
Download the code , and then open up the brain_grapher . pde file in Processing .
With the Mind Flex plugged in via USB and powered on , go ahead and run the Processing sketch .
( Just make sure the Arduino IDE ’s serial monitor is closed , otherwise Processing wo n’t be able to read from the Mind Flex . )
You may need to change the index of the serial list array in the brain_grapher .
pde file , in case your Arduino is not the first serial object on your machine :
serial = new Serial ( this , Serial.list ( ) [ 0 ] , 9600 ) ;
You should end up with a screen like this :
About the data
So what , exactly , do the numbers coming in from the NeuroSky chip mean ?
The Mind Flex ( but not the Froce Trainer ) provide eight values representing the amount of electrical activity at different frequencies .
This data is heavily filtered / amplified , so where a conventional medical - grade EEG would give you absolute voltage values for each band , NeuroSky instead gives you relative measurements which are n’t easily mapped to real - world units .
A run down of the frequencies involved follows , along with a grossly oversimplified summary of the associated mental states .
In addition to these power - band values , the NeuroSky chip provides a pair of proprietary , black - box data values dubbed “ attention ” and “ mediation ” .
These are intended to provide an easily - grokked reduction of the brainwave data , and it ’s what the Force Trainer and Mind Flex actually use to control the game state .
We ’re a bit skeptical of these values , since NeuroSky wo n’t disclose how they work , but a white paper they ’ve released suggests that the values are at least statistically distinguishable from nonsense .
Here ’s the company line on each value :
Attention : Indicates the intensity of a user ’s level of mental “ focus ” or “ attention ” , such as that which occurs during intense concentration and directed ( but stable ) mental activity .
Distractions , wandering thoughts , lack of focus , or anxiety may lower the Attention meter levels .
Meditation : Indicates the level of a user ’s mental “ calmness ” or “ relaxation ” .
Meditation is related to reduced activity by the active mental processes in the brain , and it has long been an observed effect that closing one ’s eyes turns off the mental activities which process images from the eyes , so closing the eyes is often an effective method for increasing the Meditation meter level .
Distractions , wandering thoughts , anxiety , agitation , and sensory stimuli may lower the Meditation meter levels .
At least that ’s how it ’s supposed to work .
We ’ve found that the degree of mental control over the signal varies from person to person .
Ian Cleary , a peer of ours at ITP , used the Mind Flex in a recent project .
He reports that about half of the people who tried the game were able to exercise control by consciously changing their mental state .
The most reasonable test of the device ’s legitimacy would be a comparison with a medical - grade EEG .
While we have not been able to test this ourselves , NeuroSky has published the results of such a comparison .
Their findings suggest that the the NeuroSky chip delivers a comparable signal .
Of course , NeuroSky has a significant stake in a positive outcome for this sort of test .
And there you have it .
If you ’d like to develop hardware or software around this data , I recommend reading the documentation that comes with the brain library for more information — or browse through the visualizer source to see how to work with the serial data .
If you make something interesting using these techniques , I ’d love to hear about it .
March 2013 Update :
Almost three years on , I think I need to close the comments since I do n’t have the time ( or hardware on hand ) to keep up with support .
Please post future issues on the GitHub page of the relevant project :
Arduino Brain Library
https://github.com/kitschpatrol/Arduino-Brain-Library
Processing Brain Grapher
https://github.com/kitschpatrol/Processing-Brain-Grapher
Most issues I ’m seeing in the comments seem like the result of either soldering errors or compatibility - breaking changes to the Processing and Arduino APIs .
I ’ll try to stay ahead of these on GitHub and will be happy to accept pull requests to keep the code up to date and working .
Thanks everyone for your feedback and good luck with your projects .
Even in the grander scheme of racing games as a whole , Mario Kart demands serious respect .
A lifetime of perfect controls and inventive stage designs put the plumber and his pals on a pedestal at the very beginning of the sub - category it created : the kart racer .
But while , like any good godfather formula , Mario Kart has parodied year in and year out since the NES , the kart racer has long been considered the death knell of mascot - driven franchises that have seen better days .
It ’s no surprise then that we ’ve seen Sonic in the realm several times , and once again crawling back in with his spiky tail between his legs .
Attached to the larger Sega library that lays claim to a mediocre tennis game , Sonic and Sega All - Stars Racing has all the makings of some serious shovelware for the ages … so why is it so good ?
The simple reason for the Mario Kart ’s oft - emulated , never replicated design is how deceptively simple it appears .
Lay - out a pretty level and have funny - looking characters drive from point A to B with a couple weapons to throw in the meantime .
But add in car physics , high - speed handling , stage designs that wo n’t cripple under motion blur , and the formula quickly becomes more complex than the average schlock - ware developer can handle .
Sonic and Sega All - Stars Racing avoids the common pitfalls by worshipfully recreating the best of the genre nearly pixel - by - pixel .
The routine is second nature , a selection of colorful mascots are selectable from the onset to place in a variety of play modes : including tournament and battle scenarios .
Online play also comes in the anticipated varieties , with little shift in presentation or handling quality .
Once on the track , players boost and drift their way past the competition , driving through and picking up a weapon when necessary .
Cars handle with excellent precision and come equipped with a noticeable sense of speed , highlighted by the game ’s presentation and level layout .
Weapon variety is cut - and - paste , but with so little unexplored in that category , it ’s a forgivable oversight .
The ability to destroy Tails with any projectile is a joy that is not quick to diminish .
Roads may branch off into loops and twisty turns , and sport a variety of surfaces based on their weather and surroundings .
The presentation as a whole is well above average , held back by some irritating background chopping during the more high - speed runs .
While not effecting gameplay , it does hamper the overall sense of adrenaline , and is far more noticeable for doing so within a racing game context .
The 360 version has the least of the issues in that regard , but no one console escapes it completely .
The music is also extremely impressive , matching the stage variety and bounding about with the necessary energy and pulse to match the on - screen thrills .
The character roster is equally enjoyable .
Playing as the good - game bereft hedgehog or that monkey thing from Samba di Amigo is easy enough motivation to draw you into the game , and the character ’s occupying stages vary dramatically and boast a high level of polish and detail .
The character worship bends highly in Sonic ’s favor , with many stages replicating levels from the early genesis games , including the aforementioned loops .
But if you can find a character to race with , chances are you wo n’t be dissatisfied with how their personality leaks into the stage and weapons .
The Xbox 360 version contains the decidedly awesome Banjo and Kazooie , as well as a playable version of your avatar , with the Wii sporting the expected Mii integration .
What Sonic and Sega All - Stars Racing boils down to is which console you own .
Despite sporting the 4 - controller ( Wii Wheel , Wiimote and Nunchuck , Gamecube / classic controller ) input on the Wii , only avid fans of the developer and their mascots will need to swap out Mario Kart for the Sonic skins .
Both PS3 and 360 owners have a much shallower pool of good kart racers to draw from , and would be remiss to continue dismissing the genre by not giving it at least a rental .
Xbox owners do get a decided character advantage , bolstered by a slightly smoother presentation .
Regardless , it ’s a major surprise to see such a seemingly - doomed property rise to the call of the race - track .
We ca n’t repeat enough just how much fun it is to make Tails explode .
Please visit ArmageddonOnline.org - Updated Daily !
[ Super Volcano
Five biggest volcano eruptions in modern times ]- [ Will the Katla volcano erupt next ?
What is a super volcano ?
A super volcano is the most destructive force on this planet .
Only a few exist in the world and when they erupt they do so with a force tens of thousands of times greater than other eruptions .
They lie dormant for hundreds of thousands of years as a vast reservoir of magma builds up inside them before finally they unleash their apocalyptic force , capable of obliterating continents .
They threaten the survival of mankind .
What happened during the last eruption of a super volcano ?
The last eruption of a super volcano was in Toba , Sumatra , 75,000 years ago .
It had 10,000 times the explosive force of Mount St. Helens and changed life on Earth forever .
Thousands of cubic kilometres of ash was thrown into the atmosphere - so much that it blocked out light from the sun all over the world .
2,500 miles away 35 centimetres of ash coated the ground .
Global temperatures plummeted by 21 degrees .
The rain would have been so poisoned by the gasses that it would have turned black and strongly acidic .
Man was pushed to the edge of extinction , the population forced down to just a couple of thousand .
Three quarters of all plants in the northern hemisphere were killed .
What causes super volcanoes ?
Super volcanoes differ from normal volcanoes in many ways .
The stereotypical volcano is a towering cone , but super volcanoes form in depressions in the ground called calderas .
When a normal volcano erupts lava gradually builds up in the mountain before releasing it .
In super volcanoes when magma nears the surface it does not reach it , instead it begins to fill massive underground reservoirs .
The magma melts the nearby rock to form more extremely thick magma .
The magma is so viscous that volcanic gasses that normally trigger an eruption cannot pass , so a massive amount of pressure begins to build up .
This continues for hundreds of thousands of years until an eruption occurs , which blasts away a huge amount of ground , forming a new caldera .
Where are there other super volcanoes ?
Not all super volcanoes have been found , but one of the largest is in Yellowstone Park , USA .
Scientists searching for the caldera in the park could not see it because it was so huge - only when satellite images were taken did the scale of the caldera become apparent - the whole park , 85 km by 45 km , is one massive reservoir of magma .
The idyll landscape of Yellowstone ( below ) could soon explode with devastating consequences .
When will it next erupt ?
Scientist have discovered that the ground in Yellowstone if 74 cm higher than in was in 1923 - indicating a massive swelling underneath the park .
The reservoir is filling with magma at an alarming rate .
The volcano erupts with a near - clockwork cycle of every 600,000 years .
The last eruption was more than 640,000 years ago - we are overdue for annihilation .
What would be the effect of an eruption ?
Immediately before the eruption , there would be large earthquakes in the Yellowstone region .
The ground would swell further with most of Yellowstone being uplifted .
One earthquake would finally break the layer of rock that holds the magma in - and all the pressure the Earth can build up in 640,000 years would be unleashed in a cataclysmic event .
Magma would be flung 50 kilometres into the atmosphere .
Within a thousand kilometres virtually all life would be killed by falling ash , lava flows and the sheer explosive force of the eruption .
Volcanic ash would coat places as far away as Iowa and the Gulf of Mexico .
One thousand cubic kilometres of lava would pour out of the volcano , enough to coat the whole of the USA with a layer 5 inches thick .
The explosion would have a force 2,500 times that of Mount St. Helens .
It would be the loudest noise heard by man for 75,000 years , the time of the last super volcano eruption .
Within minutes of the eruption tens of thousands would be dead .
The long - term effects would be even more devastating .
The thousands of cubic kilometres of ash that would shoot into the atmosphere could block out light from the sun , making global temperatures plummet .
This is called a nuclear winter .
As during the Sumatra eruption a large percentage of the world 's plant life would be killed by the ash and drop in temperature .
Also , virtually the entire of the grain harvest of the Great Plains would disappear in hours , as it would be coated in ash .
Similar effects around the world would cause massive food shortages .
If the temperatures plummet by the 21 degrees they did after the Sumatra eruption the Yellowstone super volcano eruption could truly be an extinction level event .
Amazon.com Widgets
Apple has previewed changes to its iPhone operating software Apple has clamped down on the software tools that developers can use to write programs for the iPhone .
Before now developers have been free to use many different tools to create applications for the iPhone and iPad .
Imminent changes to the way the iPhone software development kit is used will restrict these tools to just three .
The move has brought protests from many software developers with some declaring they will no longer produce applications for Apple 's handset .
Apple said the change was made to improve the quality of applications appearing on its hugely successful App Store .
But critics say the changed text in section 3.3.1 of the development licence move is unnecessarily restrictive and is aimed more at Apple 's rivals than poor quality code .
Many developers use other tools that have specific utilities , such as physics models and 3D graphics engines , that are useful help when creating certain sorts of applications such as games .
Any application submitted to Apple that does not use the mandated tools will be rejected .
Many developers took to their blogs to complain about the change .
" Developers are not free to use any tools to help them , " wrote Hank Williams , adding : " This is akin to telling people what kind of desk people sit at when they write software for the iPhone . "
Pierre Lebeaupin said clause 3.3.1 was so widely drawn that it was " completely impossible to enforce " and urged developers to contact Apple to show how strongly they feel .
Adobe 's software helps turn Flash code into iPhone code Many joined an " I'm with Adobe " Facebook group which now has almost 6,000 members .
The new terms led one programmer , Dan Grigsby , to say he would now no longer develop for the iPhone .
Developer Greg Slepak wrote an e-mail to Apple boss Steve Jobs setting out his problems with the clause saying it " limited creativity " .
Mr Jobs responded saying that the limits would improve the quality of the applications .
Letting developers use other tools would produce " sub- standard apps " and hold back the progress of the iPhone .
Apple has not yet given any official comment on the criticism it faces over Section 3.3.1 .
Industry experts said the restrictions might be intended to stop developers re-using applications written with Adobe 's Flash .
Neither the iPhone nor iPad can run Flash applications .
Adobe released a software package , Creative Suite 5 , on 12 April which can turn Flash code into iPhone code .
Flash programs are very widely used on the web and many games and videos are created using the software .
However , under the new terms and conditions using Creative Suite 5 would lead to an application being rejected .
In a statement , Adobe said the change to section 3.3.1 would not stop it releasing the software .
" We intend to still deliver this capability in CS5 and it is up to Apple whether they choose to allow or disallow applications as their rules shift over time , " wrote Kevin Lynch , Adobe chief technology officer , in a blog post .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What is sharia law ?
Sharia law is frequently misunderstood as a draconian criminal justice system governing Muslims .
It is instead a broad code of conduct governing all aspects of life - from dietary rules to the wearing of the hijab - which Muslims can choose to adopt in varying degrees as a matter of personal conscience .
Where does sharia law come from ?
Sharia , meaning " way or path to the water " , is derived from interpretation of the teachings of the Qur'an , the Hadith ( the sayings and conduct of the prophet Muhammad ) and fatwas - a type of jurisprudence of the rulings of Islamic scholars over many centuries .
Are there different interpretations of sharia ?
There are five different schools of interpretation of sharia : one in the Shia tradition of Islam and four in the Sunni tradition .
Middle Eastern countries of the former Ottoman empire favour the Hanafi doctrine and north African countries prefer the Maliki doctrine ; Indonesia and Malaysia follow the Shafi'i doctrine ; Saudi Arabia adheres to the Hanbali doctrine ; and Iran follows the Shia Jaafari school .
All the schools are similar , but some take a more literal approach to texts while others prefer a loose interpretation .
How is it applied in sharia states ?
Sharia can be formally instituted as law by certain states and enforced by the courts .
Many Muslim countries have adopted elements of sharia law governing issues such as inheritance , banking , marriage and contract law .
Avowedly secular Turkey is at one extreme , while the devout Islamic Republic of Iran and Saudi Arabia are the other .
In some religiously and ethnically diverse nations , such as Indonesia , Malaysia , and Nigeria , states or provinces are allowed the option of applying aspects of sharia .
What are hadd offences ?
The popular understanding of sharia law in Britain - such as the stoning of adulterers or the severing of a hand for thieves - relates only to a very specific set of offences known as hadd offences .
Although the penalties for such offences are not universally adopted as law in most Islamic countries , these have become a potent symbol of sharia law .
Some countries , such as Saudi Arabia , claim to live under pure sharia law and enforce these penalties for hadd offences .
In others , such as Indonesia , the penalties have not been enforced .
The majority of Middle Eastern countries , including Jordan , Egypt , Lebanon and Syria , have not adopted hadd offences as part of their state laws .
Hadd offences carry specific penalties , set by the Qur'an and by the prophet Muhammad .
These include unlawful sexual intercourse ( outside marriage ) , false accusation of unlawful intercourse , the drinking of alcohol , theft and highway robbery .
Sexual offences carry a penalty of stoning to death or flogging , while theft is punished with cutting off a hand .
Is there any history of Islamic law in Britain ?
The Archbishop of Canterbury is not the first person to suggest Britain should adopt certain aspects of the Muslim faith .
In 1213 , King John I , excommunicated by Catholic Europe and faced with a revolt by his own barons , turned to the only other regional power : that of Morocco .
He sent two envoys to meet the powerful King Mohammed en-Nasir to ask for his support to quell his restive barons .
In exchange , King John offered to convert to Islam and to bring his kingdom into the faith as well .
But the Moroccan ruler decided that a king who was prepared to betray his own religion and subjects would probably not make a good ally , and turned him down .
The two knights were sent packing and King John I was forced to sign the Magna Carta .
Michael Wayne
Prisonplanet.com
Monday , February 22nd , 2010
On January 19 , 2009 CNN pundit Glenn Beck pulled up anchor and took his news wagon on the road .
Since that time Beck ’s been parking his rig in the lot over at Rupert Murdoch ’s FOX News Channel .
At his new 5:00 p.m. spot , Beck ’s self - proclaimed rodeo show has been doing quite well .
Seems FOX has a lot of rodeo fans .
Beck proclaims he ’s not a journalist , just a rodeo clown trying to get your attention .
According to TVbyTheNumbers.com , in less than one year Beck has become FOX ’s hot new rising star .
Though FOX ’s top cable news show , The O’Reilly Factor , has consistently drawn half - a- million to a million more viewers than Beck , throughout 2009 Glenn ’s rodeo gag continually edged closer and closer to Sean Hannity ’s second - place ratings behind O’Reilly .
Last month , on the one year anniversary of Beck ’s move to FOX , Hannity ’s numbers made a one - day - spike to over double that of Glenn Beck .
But it did n’t last .
From that day forward Beck ’s numbers edged past Hannity and Beck has averaged over 100,000 more viewers per day than Hannity .
With a peak of 3.99 million viewers , this rodeo clown has indeed gotten some attention .
As of early February Glenn Beck had become the second most highly rated FOX news program , well ahead of CNN and MSNBC rivals .
But then came the dive .
On February 11 th Beck circled the wagons and invited Texas gubinatorial candidate , Debra Medina , onto his morning radio show .
During that nationally syndicated radio program Beck ambushed Medina and effectively labeled her as a “ 9 - 11 Truther . ”
Beck then dispensed with the interview and began laughing at Medina once she was off air .
And Beck immediately began promoting candidate Rick Perry , sitting governor of Texas .
Then in a mini-commentary Beck stated that Medina ’s comments were “ the fastest way back to four percent , ” referring to Medina ’s meteoric 20 - point rise to 24 percent in some pre-election polls .
But ironically Beck ’s commentary would become a prophetic statement about his own audience numbers .
After that morning interview , the blowback against Beck began immediately on the Internet .
Medina ’s supporters were furious over Beck ’s comments and took it as a smear campaign .
And later that day when Beck went on - air at FOX studios , Beck suffered a massive 17 percent drop in audience numbers ( see TvbyTheNumbers.com charts below ) .
That equated to a loss of over one - half million viewers .
And that loss was not a temporary blip .
Beck ’s audience loss has been sustained .
In the ten days since the incident on February 11 th Beck ’s audience at FOX has dropped by an average of 17 percent .
A consistent loss of over half - a- million viewers .
The question now is whether FOX ’s new rising star will become a falling star after stepping in the cowpie .
And will Texas candidate for governor , Debra Medina , continue to rise .
Fair and Balanced ?
You decide .
Texas early voting polls currently open .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Cable News Ratings – Glenn Beck / FOX News TVbyTheNumbers.com
February
All 25 - 54 35-64
viewers yrs old yrs old
01 , 2010 3,069,000 ( 749,000 ) ( 1,470,000 )
02 , 2010 2,945,000 ( 729,000 ) ( 1,397,000 )
03 , 2010 2,917,000 ( 722,000 ) ( 1,467,000 )
04 , 2010 2,977,000 ( 842,000 ) ( 1,562,000 )
05 , 2010 2,763,000 ( 667,000 ) ( 1,351,000 )
06 , 2010
07 , 2010
08 , 2010 2,858,000 ( 835,000 ) ( 1,448,000 )
09 , 2010 3,057,000 ( 828,000 ) ( 1,508,000 )
10 , 2010 2,969,000 ( 777,000 ) ( 1,405,000 )
11 , 2010 2,623,000 ( 692,000 ) ( 1,178,000 )
12 , 2010 2,516,000 ( 617,000 ) ( 1,174,000 )
13 , 2010
14 , 2010
15 , 2010 2,790,000 ( 837,000 ) ( 1,407,000 )
16 , 2010 2,852,000 ( 709,000 ) ( 1,389,000 )
17 , 2010 2,500,000 ( 566,000 ) ( 1,174,000 )
18 , 2010 2,524,000 ( 608,000 ) ( 1,162,000 )
19 , 2010
20 , 2010
21 , 2010
22 , 2010
23 , 2010
24 , 2010
25 , 2010
26 , 2010
27 , 2010
28 , 2010
29 , 2010
30 , 2010
31 , 2010
Cable News Ratings – Glenn Beck / FOX News TVbyTheNumbers.com
January
All 25 - 54 35-64
viewers yrs old yrs old
01 , 2010 880,000 ( 213,000 ) ( 353,000 )
02 , 2010
03 , 2010
04 , 2010 2,656,000 ( 676,000 ) ( 1,161,000 )
05 , 2010 2,710,000 ( 795,000 ) ( 1,320,000 )
06 , 2010 2,609,000 ( 677,000 ) ( 1,314,000 )
07 , 2010 2,601,000 ( 703,000 ) ( 1,259,000 )
08 , 2010 2,566,000 ( 579,000 ) ( 1,082,000 )
09 , 2010
10 , 2010
11 , 2010 2,786,000 ( 709,000 ) ( 1,210,000 )
12 , 2010 2,566,000 ( 732,000 ) ( 1,201,000 )
13 , 2010 3,175,000 ( 852,000 ) ( 1,413,000 )
14 , 2010 2,712,000 ( 689,000 ) ( 1,183,000 )
15 , 2010 2,524,000 ( 614,000 ) ( 1,143,000 )
16 , 2010
17 , 2010
18 , 2010 3,164,000 ( 893,000 ) ( 1,515,000 )
19 , 2010 3,446,000 ( 956,000 ) ( 1,548,000 )
20 , 2010 3,705,000 ( 965,000 ) ( 1,793,000 )
21 , 2010 3,323,000 ( 895,000 ) ( 1,563,000 )
22 , 2010 3,992,000 ( 1,127,000 ) ( 1,941,000 )
23 , 2010
24 , 2010
25 , 2010 3,145,000 ( 799,000 ) ( 1,468,000 )
26 , 2010 3,196,000 ( 936,000 ) ( 1,600,000 )
27 , 2010 3,140,000 ( 764,000 ) ( 1,454,000 )
28 , 2010 3,514,000 ( 910,000 ) ( 1,612,000 )
29 , 2010 2,806,000 ( 725,000 ) ( 1,277,000 )
30 , 2010
31 , 2010
Cable News Ratings – Glenn Beck / FOX News TVbyTheNumbers.com
December
All 25 - 54 35-64
viewers yrs old yrs old
01 , 2009 2,521,000 ( 635,000 ) ( 1,202,000 )
02 , 2009 2,693,000 ( 755,000 ) ( 1,345,000 )
03 , 2009 2,115,000 ( 463,000 ) ( 961,000 )
04 , 2009 1,992,000 ( 526,000 ) ( 889,000 )
05 , 2009
06 , 2009
07 , 2009 2,706,000 ( 693,000 ) ( 1,271,000 )
08 , 2009 2,620,000 ( 637,000 ) ( 1,345,000 )
09 , 2009 2,580,000 ( 694,000 ) ( 1,310,000 )
10 , 2009 2,592,000 ( 627,000 ) ( 1,248,000 )
11 , 2009 2,267,000 ( 576,000 ) ( 1,145,000 )
12 , 2009
13 , 2009
14 , 2009 2,563,000 ( 590,000 ) ( 1,270,000 )
15 , 2009 2,354,000 ( 552,000 ) ( 1,067,000 )
16 , 2009 2,476,000 ( 665,000 ) ( 1,221,000 )
17 , 2009 2,305,000 ( 520,000 ) ( 978,000 )
18 , 2009 2,114,000 ( 485,000 ) ( 979,000 )
19 , 2009
20 , 2009
21 , 2009 1,919,000 ( 471,000 ) ( 903,000 )
22 , 2009 1,660,000 ( 419,000 ) ( 813,000 )
23 , 2009
24 , 2009 1,163,000 ( 268,000 ) ( 512,000 )
25 , 2009
26 , 2009
27 , 2009
28 , 2009 1,896,000 ( 494,000 ) ( 972,000 )
29 , 2009 1,942,000 ( 457,000 ) ( 897,000 )
30 , 2009 2,194,000 ( 522,000 ) ( 1,112,000 )
31 , 2009 945,000 ( 246,000 ) ( 417,000 )
Cable News Ratings – Glenn Beck / FOX News TVbyTheNumbers.com
November
All 25 - 54 35-64
viewers yrs old yrs old
01 , 2009
02 , 2009
03 , 2009
04 , 2009
05 , 2009
06 , 2009
07 , 2009
08 , 2009
09 , 2009
10 , 2009
11 , 2009
12 , 2009
13 , 2009
14 , 2009
15 , 2009
16 , 2009
17 , 2009 2,663,000 ( 628,000 ) ( 1,286,000 )
18 , 2009 2,512,000 ( 651,000 ) ( 1,193,000 )
19 , 2009 2,730,000 ( 689,000 ) ( 1,266,000 )
20 , 2009 2,404,000 ( 579,000 ) ( 1,095,000 )
21 , 2009
22 , 2009
23 , 2009 2,847,000 ( 738,000 ) ( 1,316,000 )
24 , 2009 2,677,000 ( 759,000 ) ( 1,228,000 )
25 , 2009 2,344,000 ( 641,000 ) ( 1,136,000 )
26 , 2009 875,000 ( 228,000 ) ( 367,000 )
27 , 2009 1,590,000 ( 348,000 ) ( 724,000 )
28 , 2009
29 , 2009
30 , 2009 2,546,000 ( 560,000 ) ( 1,138,000 )
This article was posted : Monday , February 22 , 2010 at 5:09 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Left - handed PC gamers finally have something to brag about now that Razer has released the first - ever gaming grade mouse designed with southpaws in mind .
The Razer DeathAdder Left Hand Edition was put into production after the company received numerous requests from lefties that were getting pwned in matches due to the fact that they did n't have any top - tier peripherals to use .
The mouse features a 3500dpi Razer Precision 3.5G infrared sensor , five programmable Hyperesponse buttons , on - the - fly - sensitivity adjustment , Always - On mode , ultra - large non-slip buttons , and a gold - plated USB connector .
The connecting cord stretches approx 7 ' long .
" Leftie gamers have long been requesting that we develop a gaming grade mouse that is designed exclusively for the left - handed gaming community and we really value the feedback we receive from our fans , " said Robert " Razerguy " Krakoff , president , Razer USA .
" Not many gamers know this , but I am a southpaw myself and feel truly excited to have a mouse that fits perfectly in my left hand .
There is really no substitute for gaming with your naturally dominant hand .
" The Razer DeathAdder Left Hand Edition is available with a MSRP of $ 59.99 from the Razer website
Author Andy Thayer Date Created Date Edited Rating Current rating : 23 License
This work is in the public domain .
1st time in U.S. history that court allows torture suit against current or former Cabinet Secretary
CHICAGO – Federal Judge Wayne R. Andersen issued an historic ruling today allowing a suit charging former Defense Secretary with authorizing torture .
Baldness ' could be good for your health ' say scientists
Baldness is a result of high levels of the male hormone testosterone A receding hairline can be a good thing , according to US scientists , who say men who go bald by 30 appear to be less likely to develop prostate cancer .
Researchers at the University of Washington School of Medicine studied 2,000 men aged between 40 and 47 .
They were able to link high levels of the male hormone testosterone in those who lose their hair earlier with a lower risk of tumours .
The findings are published in the journal Cancer Epidemiology .
Half of the men in this study had suffered prostate cancer .
Researchers compared the rate of tumours in those who said their hair had thinned by the age of 30 with those who did not suffer hair loss .
Men who had started to develop bald spots on the top of their heads as well as receding hairlines had a 29 % to 45 % reduction in the risk of prostate cancer .
Roots of baldness
By age 30 , approximately 25 - 30 % of men will have some baldness , researchers believe .
Half of all men suffer significant hair loss by the age of 50 .
If these results are correct , they could be useful in providing us with a greater understanding of how testosterone behaves in the body
Dr Helen Rippon , The Prostate Cancer Charity Baldness is caused when hair follicles become exposed to too much dihydrotestosterone ( DHT ) .
This is a chemical produced by the male hormone testosterone .
Experts believe that men with high levels of testosterone are more likely to lose their hair , especially if baldness runs in the family .
Prostate cancer sufferers are often given drugs to reduce testosterone levels because they can accelerate the growth of some tumours once they develop .
But this study suggests that high levels of testosterone from a young age might protect against the disease .
Dr Helen Rippon , head of research management at The Prostate Cancer Charity , says : " Clearly , the age at which a man begins to lose his hair is unfortunately not a risk factor for prostate cancer over which he has any control .
" However , if these results are correct , they could be useful in providing us with a greater understanding of how testosterone behaves in the body and how it can affect different tissues . "
Dr Alison Ross of Cancer Research UK said the link between baldness and prostate cancer is still unknown because previous studies have found the opposite to this one .
" The results hinge on asking men between ages 40 and 70 to remember whether their hair was thinning when they were 30 , which does not provide a very reliable measurement , " she added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mr Brown stayed overnight in the Allied base in the southern city of Kandahar , the first British Prime Minister to spend the night in a war zone since Winston Churchill .
His visit came days after the death of Lance Corporal Adam Drane , the 100th member of the British forces to die in Afghanistan this year .
His death brought the total number of British service personnel who have died since the start of operations in 2001 to 237 .
Always a good understanding to have between pals .
First , salt does not prevent sticking , nor does it significantly increase the boiling point of water .
Salt should be added because you should always season every element of food that you eat .
Cooking pasta in salted water means that the pasta will absorb some of the salt and therefore not taste bland .
This can not be corrected by salting the pasta later or adding salt to the sauce .
All you end up that way is bland pasta with a salty exterior .
You really should add quite a bit of salt to the water so it tastes like water from the ocean ( do n't worry , most of this will go down the drain , salt is cheap anyway ) .
Really , pasta cooked in plain water is ultimately only good for the trash can .
With regard to adding oil to the pot of water , this is also a BIG mistake .
I 've heard various claims that it will help keep the water from boiling over , as well as that it keeps the pasta from sticking .
First , if the water is boiling over , then just lower the heat .
You do n't need a raging flame under your pot to maintain a boil .
I usually drop it down to medium - low or so on my stove .
Second , if your pasta is sticking together , it means you 're not using enough water .
Ultimately , the addition of oil will inhibit the sauce from sticking to the pasta and will again result in bland pasta .
Try to use at least 4 - 5 quarts for a lb. and put a couple tablespoons of salt in it .
Cook till al dente , usually the lower number on the box ( i.e. , if it says cook 7 - 9 minutes , cook for 7 , then immediately add the pasta to hot sauce ( enough to coat the pieces , but not for them to swim in ) , stir around , let sit for a couple minutes covered , then serve .
Anybody can make pasta , few make it well .
Bon appetit !
Tuesday ’s announcement that the Vatican has appointed Archbishop Jose Gomez of San Antonio as coadjutor and successor to Cardinal Roger M. Mahony is a significant event both for America ’s largest Roman Catholic diocese and for California .
The selection of the Mexican - born Gomez is a decisive break with the past on at least two counts .
The first is easy to discern : No U.S. prelate of Latino heritage ever has worn a cardinal ’s red hat .
That departure from tradition makes sense .
There are 5 million Catholics in the Archdiocese of Los Angeles -- twice the number in New York -- and about 70 % are Latinos .
By the end of this decade , most U.S. Catholics will trace their heritage to Mexico or Central or South America .
As Mahony -- a fluent Spanish speaker with a deep and abiding concern for issues vital to Latinos -- affirmed Tuesday , he actively urged the Vatican to select a Latino as his successor .
In Denver , where he first served as an auxiliary bishop , Gomez played a key role in bringing white and Latino Catholics together , and more recently , in San Antonio he not only sharply increased the number of seminarians but also promoted a highly regarded bilingual program of priestly formation .
The other signal Rome may be sending with this appointment may be disruptive .
Los Angeles ’ new coadjutor bishop and -- barring the unforeseeable -- future cardinal has spent most of his priestly career as a member of Opus Dei , the secretive and controversial Catholic movement with its roots deep in Franco ’s Spain .
Opus Dei , which stresses doctrinal orthodoxy and an ultramontane loyalty to the papacy , was a great favorite of Pope John Paul II and is a favorite of Pope Benedict XVI .
The former created a “ personal prelature ” for the organization , so that its roughly 90,000 members scattered around the world report directly to their own bishop in Rome and he reports directly to the pope .
No other such arrangement exists in the church .
John Paul also canonized the movement ’s Spanish founder , Josemaria Escriva , who , according to close associates , on occasion expressed admiration for Hitler ’s antagonism to Bolshevism and skepticism that 6 million Jews perished in the Holocaust .
You do n’t have to be a fan of the dreadful “ Da Vinci Code ” to find Opus Dei a trifle creepy .
Its secrecy is legendary , as is its predilection for discredited “ mortifications ” of the flesh , such as wearing the celice -- a spiked metal circlet applied to the thigh until it draws blood -- or self - flagellation with a knotted cord .
Politically , Opus Dei ’s sympathies generally extend to the authoritarian .
It provided Franco with Cabinet ministers and supported Augusto Pinochet in Chile .
Gomez ’s connections to the movement could n’t be deeper .
Born in Monterrey , Mexico , he studied theology at the University of Navarra , which is rather like Opus Dei ’s Harvard .
Ordained as a priest of the movement , he later served as one of its superiors , Vicar of the Delegation of Texas .
Though there are 22 Opus Dei bishops among the church ’s 27,811 prelates , Gomez is the only one who is a full member of the order .
In a recent pastoral letter to San Antonio Catholics , Gomez wrote , “ My approach and understanding . . . owes a great deal to my appreciation of the spirituality of St. Josemaria Escriva . ”
The changes for Los Angeles ’ Catholics may be wrenching .
Mahony is the last of the politically progressive , pastorally centered American prelates selected in the wake of Vatican II .
Gomez belongs to a traditionalist generation .
The cardinal , for example , has promoted lay participation in every canonically permissible kind of ministry .
Gomez , like the pope , is said to favor clearer and more traditional divisions between the lay and clerical roles .
Some also are bound to be wary of his close association with Archbishop Charles J. Chaput , his mentor in Denver and one of the church ’s most stridently conservative voices .
Chaput , for example , feels that Catholic office - holders who cast pro-choice votes ought to be denied Communion .
He recently gave an address in Texas in which he argued that John F. Kennedy was wrong in insisting on separation of church and state .
In California , a staunchly Democratic state where one out of every four people is Catholic , that sort of confrontational leadership could have serious consequences .
tim.rutten@latimes.com
( Updates with NSA comment paragraphs 4 - 5 )
WASHINGTON , Feb 4 ( Reuters ) - Internet search firm Google is finalizing a deal that would let the U.S. National Security Agency help it investigate a corporate espionage attack that may have originated in China , the Washington Post reported on Thursday .
The aim of the investigation is to better defend Google GOOG.O , the world 's largest Internet search company , and its users from future attacks , the Post said , citing anonymous sources with knowledge of the arrangement .
The sources said Google ’s alliance with the NSA -- the intelligence agency is the world ’s most powerful electronic surveillance organization -- would be aimed at letting them share critical information without violating Google ’s policies or laws that protect the privacy of online communications .
“ NSA is not able to comment on specific relationships we may or may not have with U.S. companies , ” the agency said in a statement .
As a general matter , “ NSA works with a broad range of commercial partners and research associates ” on security solutions for the Defense Department and other customers and on “ cutting - edge technologies that will secure the information systems of tomorrow , ” the statement said .
Under the arrangement , the NSA would not be viewing user searches or e-mail accounts , the Washington Post said .
Google also would not be sharing proprietary data with the NSA , the newspaper ’s sources said .
Google took the unusual step on Jan. 12 of announcing that it had been hit by sophisticated cyberattacks in mid-December and that it was reviewing its business operations in China .
The Silicon Valley - based firm said the cyberattacks targeted Gmail accounts of Chinese human rights activists and an investigation found at least 20 other large companies had been targeted by cyberattacks .
China responded several days later with a defense of its state control of the Internet .
A top official said online pornography , fraud and rumors were a menace and that Internet media must help “ guide public opinion ” in China .
U.S. Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair said on Tuesday the cyberattacks against Google were a wake - up call .
A partnership between the Internet search giant and the NSA touches on the sensitive issue of how to balance individual privacy and national security online .
Google approached the NSA in the aftermath of the attacks , but reaching an agreement has taken weeks because of the sensitive nature of information - sharing between the two sides , the Post quoted its sources as saying .
The focus of the cooperative venture would not be to determine who was behind the attacks , the newspaper added , citing its sources .
That would be nearly impossible .
Instead the aim is to build a better defense of Google ’s networks , or what technicians call “ information assurances , ” the newspaper quoted the sources as saying .
( Writing by David Alexander , reporting by Tabassum Zakaria ; Editing by Paul Simao )
A hollowed baguette obviously makes a perfect shell for any filling you are in the mood for .
And once stuffed and properly chilled , it becomes a neat appetizer .
This particular one is filled with all my favorite things : goat cheese / cream cheese , sun dried tomatoes , olives , spicy salami , crunchy bell pepper , and fresh herbs .
Makes one 12 - inch long baguette ; about 24 slices
Ingredients :
Baguette about 14 - inch long
8 oz cream cheese , at room temperature
4 oz fresh goat cheese
1 large garlic clove , minced
½ cup finely chopped red bell pepper ( about 1 medium )
½ cup finely chopped sun dried tomatoes in olive oil
¼ cup finely chopped Kalamata olives
2 oz finely chopped spicy salami
About 2 tbsp minced Italian parsley
About 1 tsp minced fresh thyme
Freshly ground black pepper
Salt to taste ( very unlikely since there ’re plenty of salty ingredients )
Preparation :
Slice off both ends of the baguette .
Using a long thin knife and working from the both ends , hollow the baguette out leaving about ½- inch thick crust all around .
Using an electric mixer beat the cream cheese until smooth and lump - free .
Beat in the goat cheese and garlic .
Stir in the rest of the ingredients .
Working again from the both ends , fill the baguette with the cheese mixture .
Pack the filling tight .
I like to use a slender tequila shot glass for pressing the filling in .
Wrap the stuffed baguette very well in plastic and refrigerate for at least two hours and up to two days .
Right before serving , slice the baguette into ½-inch thick slices and serve .
For the most neat looking slices , treat it as a cheesecake – each time slice it with a hot dry knife .
United Nations : Women ’s equality under study
Marking the 15th anniversary of the 1995 Beijing World Conference on Women , the UN Commission on the Status of Women last week began two weeks of evaluating the results of conference recommendations for undoing state sanctioned legal discrimination against women .
The Inter Press Service report cited , as new challenges to equality , the HIV / AIDS pandemic and the global economic downturn , which has “ revealed stark evidence of the gender - differentiated impact of the crisis . ”
In 1995 women represented 10.5 percent of the world ’s parliamentarians , yet their number still remains below 20 percent despite the call then for increased representation .
A spokesperson for New York based Equality Now said that , “ despite commitments to repeal all gender - based discriminatory laws , many remain in force . ”
Yemen : Conflict eases , instability continues
A Saudi-organized conference of international donors unfolded in Riyadh last month , two weeks into a truce between the government and Shi’ite Houthi rebels backed by Iran that eased armed conflict lasting seven years .
Rebel fighters abandoned conflict zones on February 25 .
The fact that 250,000 people have been displaced indicates a humanitarian crisis .
Economic aid from western banks and agencies , targeting instability in the Arab world ’s poorest country , is aimed at stemming violent extremism .
Meanwhile in South Yemen , a burgeoning South Yemen independence movement staged two days of rallies timed with the donor conference .
Ali Salem al - Baid called for “ two days of southern anger , ” reported the AFP news agency .
That veteran southern political personality had led the effort to unify Yemen in 1990 .
Cuba : State visit zeroes in on U.S. blockade
Ending his third Cuban visit as Brazil ’s president , Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva suggested in January that the U.S. blockade “ has no political , economic explanation .
The Cold War has ended . ”
Quoted by Granma newspaper , he called upon President Obama to show “ the same audacity as did the American people in choosing him as president and lift the blockade against Cuba . ”
Host President Raul Castro declared a day earlier , as quoted by PressTV news , “ We want to discuss with the government of the United States all the problems … all , all , all , ” but only under conditions of “ absolute equality . ”
He admitted , “ Here there is not the maximum freedom of expression … But if the United States would leave us alone , there could be that maximum freedom . ”
Photo : http://www.fotopedia.com/items/flickr-3284808576
The Great Snake Hunt House Evacuated for Eight Weeks after Pet Cobra Vanishes
Kevin O. wanted a new pet .
But the highly poisonous cobra he bought apparently did n't want him .
It escaped in his apartment , leading to a week - long , 40,000 - euro search for the reptile .
Now , with the snake still at large , the house has been sealed off for eight weeks .
The warehouse and production workers in Denmark are rebelling against the company 's new alcohol policy , which allows them to drink beer only during lunch hours in the canteen .
Previously , they could help themselves to beer throughout the day , from coolers placed around the work sites .
At last year 's PDC , held in November , Microsoft showed a graph showing scores of a variety of Web browsers in the SunSpider JavaScript benchmark , to show off the progress that the company was making with Internet Explorer 9 .
Another such graph was shown off at the recent MIX event .
What was most interesting about the graph was not IE9's progress , but Opera's .
Opera 10.10 , released at about the same time as Microsoft held its PDC event , fared pretty badly .
Faster than IE8 , but slower than everything else , including the ( private ) PDC IE9 build .
Opera 10.50 , released a few weeks ago ?
It 's the fastest browser on the chart .
It 's faster even than prerelease versions of Firefox and Chrome , not to mention faster than the public IE9 Platform Preview build .
SunSpider is n't the be - all / end- all of JavaScript performance , and it fails to represent real - world scenarios in a number of ways .
However , it 's clear that Opera 's JavaScript performance has improved substantially over the period of about six months .
And most significantly , these improvements are now in people 's hands .
10.50 is n't some preview release .
It 's a released , stable version of the browser .
This is n't the first time this has happened , either .
Redmond promoted the JavaScript performance of IE8 in the run-up to its release , too .
The result ?
By the time IE8 was released , or shortly after , competing browsers had once again overtaken it , with stable , shipping versions outpacing Microsoft 's efforts .
By taking the approach of infrequent , but substantial releases , Internet Explorer users are being denied timely access to much of the progress that Microsoft is making , and hence denied the ability to take advantage of IE9's greater standards compliance .
We see similar situations , albeit with fewer easy - to - use graphs , when we look at how well other browsers implement SVG , or CSS , or HTML5 .
The current stable releases of Safari , Chrome , Firefox , and Opera are all streets ahead of the current stable version of IE .
Make no mistake : these other browsers do not provide complete , systematic , exhaustive implementations of these specifications ( though Opera 's SVG support is not far off ) .
But they are already providing extensive capabilities , not to mention impressive performance , to Web developers .
And they 're doing so today .
But Microsoft ?
IE9 is going to provide thorough , complete implementations of many of these specifications .
This is certainly a good thing .
It 's what all browsers should strive to be doing .
But Microsoft is n't going to release these features piecemeal .
The current IE9 engine is already a huge improvement over IE8 , but its preview status makes it irrelevant .
We do n't know when IE9 will be finished — 2011 seems the earliest possibility , and there 's an outside chance that it wo n't be until 2012 that IE9 ships .
In the meantime , we get nothing from Redmond .
This approach sets Microsoft apart from the other browser vendors .
Firefox , Chrome , and Opera all get regular updates .
I do n't just mean security fixes , though they get those too — they get regular feature updates that improve their performance , improve their standards compliance , and improve their user interfaces .
Firefox , for example , had release 3.0 in July 2008 , 3.5 in June 2009 , and 3.6 in January 2010 .
Opera 9.5 was released in September 2007 , with 10.0 in September 2009 , 10.10 in November 2009 , and 10.50 in March 2010 .
Over a similar time frame , Internet Explorer 7 was released in October 2006 , IE8 in March 2009 .
And now nothing further is likely until 2011 .
There 's a similar discrepancy when it comes to support .
Firefox 3.0 is going to receive its last - ever patch at the end of the month — a total supported lifetime of a little under two years .
Internet Explorer 6 , released in 2001 , is still supported by Microsoft .
It 's old , its use is thoroughly discouraged , but it's also a part of Windows XP , and since Windows XP is supported , so is IE6 .
Avoiding moving targets
Microsoft 's approach is that it wants to build stable , consistent platforms .
It is important to Microsoft that IE8 is , for example , a known target that developers can aim for , without there being a series of 8.1 , 8.2 , 8.3 ... point releases that might improve features , but also create more targets for developers , and not the stable , consistent platform that Microsoft wants to provide .
It would also incur substantial support overheads .
The attitude is one that makes sense for Windows or Office .
There are platforms that push out updates more regularly ( Ubuntu , for example , has a regular six - month release cycle ) , but both of the two major desktop operating systems ( Windows and Mac OS X ) have lengthier release cycles .
But the difference with these platforms is that in a sense they 're more arbitrary .
Microsoft and Apple get to pick the direction of their future OSes , and each new release introduces a raft of new — proprietary — features .
There 's no real benefit to releasing piecemeal updates in the same way .
But that 's not the case for Web browsers .
We have a fairly good idea what the target is , because the target is n't defined by the vendor .
It 's defined by W3C .
Regular updates , making progress towards the various Web standards , are , in my view , a lot more useful .
Microsoft 's desire to have exhaustively tested , complete implementations of each part of each spec is laudable , and that should certainly be the ultimate goal , but fundamentally , partial implementations are still useful .
By taking the approach of infrequent but substantial releases , Internet Explorer users are being denied timely access to much of the progress that Microsoft is making , and hence denied the ability to take advantage of IE9's greater standards compliance .
We 've written before that Microsoft 's approach to browser development does not engage Web developers as thoroughly as it could .
To an extent , the decision with IE9 to produce this platform preview , and to update it every eight weeks , goes some way towards addressing this .
Microsoft says that the eight - week cycle is the one that will make feedback manageable and allow the most effective involvement with the process .
Sure , it'd be nice if we could see the progress more regularly ( something like Chrome 's dev channel would seem an ideal compromise ) , but the platform preview nonetheless represents progress on Microsoft 's part .
Getting developers involved is only part of the story , though .
Getting features into end users ' hands is valuable , and perhaps the most important thing that a browser vendor can do .
Having a fast , standards compliant browser engine is only useful if it 's shipping and available , and making Web users wait two or three years between releases just is n't good enough .
To get people energised and actually in favor of IE , Microsoft needs to retake the position it once had : the best , most compliant , most stable , fastest browser around .
During the browser war era it held this position .
But those days are long gone .
Organizers of Shanghai's World Expo have been holding trial runs this week , before the official opening this Saturday , May 1st .
About 70 percent of the nearly 200 participants participated in the trials , and visitors were already encountering long lines .
Officials now estimate the 6 - month event , themed " Better City , Better Life " , will attract up to 100 million visitors , 95 percent of them Chinese .
Shanghai has spent 400 billion yuan ( 58.6 billion US dollars ) preparing for the Expo , according to state media - more than was spent on the Beijing Olympics .
Collected here are photographs of last - minute preparations in Shanghai as they prepare to welcome the world this weekend .
( 37 photos total
Copyright Information
All jokes and images featured on these pages have been submitted via email or forum posts by site visitors or other contacts .
Material used here contained no original source or copyright information when submitted and is presumed to be in the public domain .
However , I do respect the rights of copyright holders .
If you feel that material published here infringes your copyright and you can provide reasonable proof to support your case , please contact me at letzwave@gmail.com with the details .
If such proof is provided , I will immediately remove the offending material or , if you are agreeable , leave it on the website with all due credit included .
Gekränkte Ehre Rachefeldzug eines Mafia- Paten
Nachdem ein Mitglied der italienischen Camorra von seiner Frau verlassen wurde , nimmt er erbarmungslos Rache an seinem Kontrahenten .
Skillful and Experienced — We Get Results
If you have been injured , are facing criminal charges , are defending your medical professional license or are involved in a business - related dispute , you need a trusted legal partner on your side .
During tough times , it is good to know you have a sharp , experienced attorney who will stand up and fight for your rights .
Rawson Merrigan & Litner , LLP provides the representation you need , whenever you need it .
We work hard for you , giving you the respect and compassion you deserve .
We understand that resolving your legal matter efficiently will help you move forward with your life .
You can count on our honesty and personal attention to your legal needs — we will give you an honest assessment of your case up front .
Please call us at 617-348-0988 to schedule an appointment .
With offices located in Greenfield and Boston , we represent clients across the Commonwealth of Massachusetts .
Greenfield Car Accident Lawyers With More Than 75 Years of Combined Personal Injury Experience
The majority of the cases we handle are personal injury cases .
We have experience with all types of car accidents , as well as workplace injuries , including electrical injuries .
We also seek justice for victims of serious injuries such as burn injuries and for families who suffer the loss of a loved one to wrongful death .
Personal injury cases are taken on a contingency fee basis .
If our Boston or Greenfield personal injury lawyers accept your case , there is no fee unless we recover damages for you .
Criminal Defense and Professional Licensing Issues
Whether you are battling for your freedom in a DUI / OUI case or fighting for your career , you need the assistance of a tenacious lawyer who is not afraid to fight on your behalf .
The attorneys at Rawson Merrigan & Litner , LLP are talented litigators who will use their resources and experience to protect your rights and interests .
Civil , Business and Insurance Matters
We have also successfully represented clients in contract disputes involving real estate , business agreements and insurance - related issues .
Responsive , Thorough and Accomplished
Our team of attorneys and legal staff are here to help you through your legal issues .
Contact us today — we respond immediately .
Please call 617-348-0988 or send us an e-mail .
We have served and continue to serve the people of Massachusetts and across the United States from our offices in Boston and Greenfield .
When teens spend too much time on the computer or in front of the TV , their relationships suffer , a new study suggests .
The results show that the more " screen time " teens clock , the more likely they are to have difficulty forming a relationship with their parents and friends .
Conversely , spending more time reading and doing homework was linked to a better relationship with parents .
However , the findings hinge on teen self - reports , which can be skewed , so more research is needed to confirm the results .
Studying screen time
More and more technologies these days seem to keep us staring at screens , from cell phones to portable computers to gaming consoles .
But previous research on how these activities affect our relationships have had mixed results .
The new results are based on two studies on New Zealand teens , one conducted in between 1987 and 1988 and the other in 2004 , which involved more than 4,000 total participants .
In the 2004 study , 3,043 students aged 14 to 15 answered survey questions about how many hours they spent engaging in screen - time activities , including watching TV , playing video games and using a computer .
The young teens were also assessed on the quality of their relationships with parents and peers .
For every hour spent watching TV , the teens ' risk for having a low quality attachment to their parents increased by 4 percent .
And for computer use , the risk increased 5 percent per hour .
Low quality attachment means the teens had difficulty forming relationships and emotional bonds with others .
However , the researchers did n't find a connection between increased TV time and a poor relationship with friends .
The 1987 -1988 study included 976 15 - year - olds who were asked about their TV habits and parent / peer relationships .
For every additional hour spent watching TV , the teens were 13 percent more likely to have a low quality relationship with parents , and 24 percent more likely to have poor relationships with peers .
Why TV time hurts relationships
While some people have argued that teens who watch less TV might suffer socially , since they are n't able to discuss popular TV shows with their friends , the current findings suggest this is n't always the case , the researchers say .
The researchers still are n't sure exactly why more TV and computer time equals poor relationships , especially with parents .
One idea is that tube - time could keep teens hibernating away in their bedrooms , missing out on sharing meals and other activities with family members .
Or , those with poor attachments to their parents and friends might instead seek out one - sided relationships with TV characters , or turn to online for relationships .
Future studies should also look into why there was such a different between the two generations in terms of how screen time affected their relationships , particularly with peers , the researchers say .
The study was conducted by researchers at the University of Otago and University of Auckland , both in New Zealand .
The results are published in the March issue of Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine .
Infowars.com
April 8 , 2010
Transcript provided by Ethiopian Review .
Alex Jones : Ladies and gentlemen , we are live .
It is Monday , the 5th day of April , 2010 .
Until the bottom of the hour , we have Congressman Ron Paul with us .
And we appreciate him coming on .
Congressman , good to have you here .
Ron Paul : Good to be with you .
Alex Jones :
There is so much going on .
I ’ve got a lot of important questions I want to ask you .
But out of the gates , what is most important on your plate that you want to warn the American people about today ?
Ron Paul :
Oh , there are too many things .
And I do n’t know which one is the worst .
You know , the finances are so bad , and they ’re getting much worse because of the way they ’re spending money , running up the debt .
I think the financial crisis is getting so much worse .
Interest rates are going up .
I think that ’s a major , major problem we face .
But Ben Bernanke believes that he ’s achieved great things by printing the money , [… ] , taking care of his friends .
And the people who lost their jobs do n’t have a voice .
So he thinks he ’s had a great victory .
But the second thing is what ’s going on over in the Middle East ; that ’s getting much worse .
The Iraqi situation is worse , now they wo n’t remove any troops at all .
And of course , we ’re going to be up to a 100,000 troops in Afghanistan , and Karzai is now feeling very bold and critical of the United States .
When that happens , you know , I just wonder how we ’ll handle that , because at times when our good friends start to act on their own , we usually get rid of them or desert them or let them go on their own .
So I think that thing is a whole mess and it ’s really going to blow up in our face .
Alex Jones :
Well , let ’s get into the economy then first .
I ’ve seen the different job charts , showing that this is the worst recession since the late 1940s .
And , meanwhile , I have a Business Week article from 2 weeks ago , where the federal regulators are pressuring public and private pension funds to be invested “ in failed banks ” .
We have Geithner in the news with China talking about not buying as many dollars .
We have open discussion by Moody ’s and other top rating services of the U.S. losing their AAA rating .
The economic situation appears to be spiraling downwards .
Ron Paul :
Well , I do n’t think there ’s any doubt about that .
But there are a lot of people with their head in the sand .
And I do n’t know whether they ’re lying to themselves when they say , “ Oh , I really believe that things have turned around . ”
They look at the other side of the story and they see more jobs are being found , and unemployment is staying under 10 % , GDP is going up .
And they either try to fool the people , or they ’re fooling themselves .
But ultimately , though , the market will dictate and everybody will catch on .
But I think where the disconnect is the government is putting a positive spin on it , but the people that you talk to and the people who take part in the Tea Party Movement know better .
That ’s why they ’re [… ] ; they ’re not buying into this .
This is a completely different year than we ’ve had in , I guess , many , many years .
Alex Jones :
Well , the AP reported last week that half of these so called ‘ new jobs ’ are government jobs and census jobs .
And we know that the unemployment number is really above 20 % .
So even with cooked numbers , they ’re claiming that we ’ve gotten a small amount of job increases .
Ron Paul : Yeah , and in this last report there were a lot of part - time jobs .
They were n’t real jobs .
There were part time jobs , government jobs .
I do n’t think there ’s much good news in that report at all .
Alex Jones : Congressman Ron Paul , let ’s talk about the healthcare bill ; how it was passed , what it really does , the best ways you think the states can counter this .
I think we should n’t just have lawsuits and trust the federal courts , state level nullification .
Specifically on the healthcare bill , you talked about Obama being emboldened , and now he wants this carbon tax .
He ’s going to try to pass that in the Senate , declaring CO2 a toxic waste .
Let ’s talk about healthcare legislation , because we ’ve seen Obama say , “ Look , it ’s been a few weeks since this passed , the birds are singing , the sun is shining ” , but he knows that this thing does n’t get phased in until next year and the three years after that .
So that ’s a very deceptive game he ’s playing of perception .
Ron Paul :
You know what he ’ll probably do is by that time , whoever is in charge or whoever will be there , will say , “ Oh , maybe we did n’t do quite enough .
Maybe what we really needed to have was that single - payer system ” .
So failure to them is just another opportunity .
And if in the next year and next six months the people only hear good news and they do n’t see what it ’s going to really cost , you know , he may get away with it for a year without it coming down hard on him .
But ultimately , though , it ’s an illusion to think that they can do what they claim and not cost anymoney and improve healthcare .
That ’s a hard sell .
Alex Jones :
Well , you ’re a medical doctor yourself , not just a congressman .
And , of course , you ’re also someone who ’s researched how the economy really works .
Specifically , for people that have questions about the healthcare legislation that is now law , a ) what is in it that concerns you most , b) What do you think the most effective constitutional strategy is to defeat this ?
Ron Paul :
Well , if the people were awake enough and there were enough of us , the process would be to just change the Congress , change the president , and repeal all that stuff .
That ’s the smoothest way to do it .
The part that bothers me the most , of course , is the process that you talked about .
I mean , how they pulled it off and , you know , we passed the rule , and the rule passed the Senate version , and then they go to reconciliation .
That was horrible .
But I think philosophically the worst part was that they moved away any opening for a private option .
You know , they talk about public option , but what about the private option ?
Why do n’t individuals have the right to get out ?
Fortunately , some people opt out of the public school system and they have private schooling and homeschooling .
Why do n’t we have that in medicine ?
And that ’s the HSA approach .
But they minimize those ; it ’s much more difficult and if you opt out and say , “ I do n’t want it , I ’ll take care of myself , I ’ll handle everything .
I do n’t want to be a ward of the state ” , you ’ll have to pay a fine .
You know , pay your $ 9000 and that , to me , was a big , big move in the wrong direction .
And instead of thinking the day after we got this passed , “ Oh , let ’s repeal the whole thing . ”
Well , that would be great if you could , but maybe if we could narrow it down .
And I want to introduce legislation to just narrow it down to legalize a private option to get out and take care of yourself .
And that might be less confusing than going through 2,000 pages and explaining what is good , what is bad , what we ’re going to keep , can you really get rid of everything ; you know , that whole thing .
So I would like to see debate where we just have a change over in Congress and we would n’t have to fight these things over and over .
I mean , they pass this stuff and the people now are becoming more informed and they get upset .
So there is lot of frustration out there turning into anger .
Alex Jones :
What do you see as the best strategy to defeat this , though , at the state level ?
I mean , ca n’t the states nullify this because it does force the states to pay for a large part of the federal mandate ?
So we have attorney generals now suing , but I do n’t think that ’s enough .
Ron Paul :
Well , I ’m all for that if people want to do it .
But they ’re behind the 8 - ball there .
It ’s not going to be accomplished .
It ’s sort of like they take our highway funds and then they come and say , “ Well , you get your highway funds from the federal government , so we ’re going to set your speed limit .
Everybody has to drive at 55 miles per hour ” .
That ’s what they did for so many years .
And the states say , “ Oh , we ’re not going to do that ?
We ’re going to fight that .
We do n’t want that sort of law . ”
Thefederal government says , “ Alright , we ’ll just keep their highways fund ” .
And that ’s what they ’ll do on Medicare .
What are you going to do ?
Repeal every state participation in Medicaid ?
And then it ’ll make the problem worse .
There are unfunded mandates , and they ’re going to have more unfunded mandates if they just try to ignore the law .
I think the states want to do it , and I think it ’s good that they ’re talking about it and they passed these resolutions .
That represents some good PR on how upset the people are .
But I do n’t think that is the solution .
The ultimate solution for all this is people having a better understanding and a better trust in the way the market works and the way freedom works .
You do n’t need the government nanny state taking care of us from cradle to grave .
If that is n’t repealed – that attitude – tinkering around the edges of legislation wo n’t do the trick .
Alex Jones : Congressman , you ’ve talked about the fact that what ’s really going to end this is the country collapsing financially .
Can you speak to that ?
And then also as a medical doctor , my dad ’s a physician , and everyone knows that federal money comes in for abortion .
And then these hospitals and clinics just use money that they would have used for something else for the abortion , and use the other federal money to pay for the other programs .
So it ’s a shell game .
Ron Paul : Yeah , and that whole thing and the process was very annoying when they could n’t agree on the abortion language .
So Obama – it was easy for him : “ Alright , they do n’t have a law .
I ’ll write a law ; I ’ll write my own law .
I ’ll set up an executive order , and I will state the Hyde Amendment . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
They argued back and forth , so the conservatives said , “ Oh well , that wo n’t count .
The executive order is n’t the law of the land . ”
I do n’t think that was the right argument , because it is the law of the land .
The reason it is n’t effective [… ] is that I do n’t think the Hyde Amendment ever did that much .
If you strike all those funds to all these pregnancy centers that are doing abortions , they say , “ Well , the Hyde Amendment says you ca n’t use any funds for abortion . ”
But you can use them for birth control pills . ”
So they just shift money , it ’s fungible , and when the money gets shifted over , they go ahead and do the abortion .
So that was all a con game .
But it emphasized the process on how that whole thing was being bad .
But this bill , in addition to what I said earlier , has put a lot more obstacles between the doctor and the patient .
In recent years we ’ve had insurance companies and HMO companies and drug companies .
But now we ’re going to have a lot of bureaucrats making the decisions about how to practice healthcare .
And that , of course , will cost a lot more money .
But the money is going to go to paying bureaucrats and paying extra people to push papers around .
So this is going to be costly and the care is going to go down and just a lot more people …
Alex Jones :
And they admit that with this comparative care , now the bureaucrats will decide .
And they ’re actually in the news today , saying , “ Look , you wo n’t get knee surgery , you ’ll get a cortisone or steroid shot .
And , oh well , you ’ll get Prozac .
We ’ll just basically drug you . ”
So they cut Medicare and Medicaid , they raise taxes , and then they restrict benefits .
This is exactly what Europe has done .
And Dennis Kucinich , before he flip flopped , and others , said this was nothing but a boondoggle for the insurance companies .
And I looked at the lobbying numbers , 90 + % of the big healthcare HMO insurance companies , drug companies … 90 + % of the lobbying money went for this bill .
So is n’t that a red herring when they say , “ Oh , the right wingers just do n’t want poor people to get care . ”
I mean , really all this is is government coming in , teamed up with corporations , to basically lower the standard of care , but make more money ?
Ron Paul : I think that ’s absolutely right .
We do n’t have the classical socialized medicine .
We ’re not on the verge of having that .
I do n’t even think Obama was pushing it .
He was pushing for corporate medicine .
He does n’t have to destroy the insurance companies .
They might have complained a bit to get their best deal .
But they ’re pretty happy right now .
They have a lot more customers , the bills will be paid , and they ’ll all do quite fine .
But we have the corporations get involved .
And we talk a lot about the military - industrial complex , but there ’s a medical - industrial complex , too .
All the big corporations and government , and they do spend a lot of money on lobbying .
There are some big bucks made .
And somehow our country has been conditioned to believe that medicine [ is their right ] .
Everybody has a right to medical care .
So , therefore , the government has to give you this right to take care of it .
And we ’re not even close to changing that attitude .
Matter of fact , when I said that on TV , it sort of shocks people .
They say , “ What ?
You ’re saying I do n’t have a right to medical care ? ”
Of course not .
You have a right to your life , you have a right to your liberty , you have a right to your fruits of your labor so you can take care of your medical care .
Alex Jones :
Well , congressman , you ’ve been a medical doctor for 40 years .
I mean , you know better than anybody that government involvement in healthcare in the last 40 years is what ’s added all these layers of costs , and allowed big corporate medical care to institutionalize things and get into people ’s bank accounts .
And so now it ’s only going to get worse .
Ron Paul :
That ’s right .
And the companies will make a lot of money on it , and the patients , ultimately , will become very unhappy .
And , of course , the doctors are more unhappy than ever before .
And who knows what will happen there .
Of course , there is the risk that a lot of doctors would quit ; I ’m not sure that ’s going to happen , because they do n’t have a whole lot of options .
They ’ve trained for a long time to practice medicine .
They ’re going to have to find something else to do .
So they ’ll probably moan and groan and put up with one more layer of government .
Alex Jones : Congressman , shifting gears into some other subjects .
I do n’t know if you ’ve seen this video yet , but Representative Hank Johnson said he did n’t want us to be able to move more troops to Guam , because he was afraid that the floating island would capsize ; and he was serious .
Representative Phil Hare of Illinois was on video last Friday saying , “ He does n’t worry about the Constitution , because healthcare is a right . ”
And as you ’ve said many times , it ’s not just some evil force in Washington ; we know the globalists play into that .
We ’ve also got a lot of other congressmen and government people that really are unfortunately as dumb as a box of rocks .
Can you comment to people thinking that islands float , and that the constitution is n’t important ?
Ron Paul :
Well , I did n’t hear it .
But you say that he sounded like he was serious ?
Alex Jones : Yes .
Ron Paul :
That ’s pretty bizarre .
But I think even not too long ago our Republican president said something rather careless about his conviction that we ’re supposed to follow the Constitution .
I mean , I guess it shocks us when they actually say it .
We know either they are totally ignorant and they do n’t understand the Constitution , or they do n’t have any respect and they do n’t care about following it .
But for them to say , “ Oh , we do n’t have to do that , we do n’t want to do that , we do n’t need to do that ” I think it is still shocking that somebody could actually say that .
Alex Jones :
It is .
We ’ve only got about 3 or 4 minutes left with Congressman Ron Paul today .
I wanted to bring up your son in Kentucky , Rand Paul .
In many polls he ’s ten points ahead of the Democrat and Republican challengers , showing that this anti-incumbency and this hunger for a constitutionalist type candidate runs across party lines .
And the Republican Party has , in Politico and other publications , said they are gunning for your son , who is a true conservative and a libertarian .
And , of course , as you know , two weeks ago , the State Election Commission there ruled that Trey Grayson can run the election commission , and can oversee his own election .
No other state that I ’ve seen has ever allowed this type of conflict of interest .
Can you speak to that as a new level of corruption , and any concern that you have for the election coming up in Kentucky ?
Ron Paul :
Well , I ’m very concerned about it .
I ’m shocked that they allowed that to happen .
But you think politically they ran campaigns to get some mileage out of that and get the people on their side .
But that might not change the outcome of the election .
In a closed election it does n’t take a whole lot of work and effort to change things .
So I ’ve urged him to make sure they have the poll watchers and definitely Rand will do everything conceivable of to try to protect himself .
We probably all have these perfect elections in the United States .
You know , we go across overseas , start wars to teach them how to run good , honest elections .
So I guess we better have faith in our system .
Alex Jones :
Well , I mean there is no doubt that he is the chief election official running the election .
And the Kentucky Executive Branch Ethics Commission said that was fine .
I mean , this is a felony and in most states people have to recuse themselves .
I mean , on its face he ’s got all these employees that know that they ’re going to end up being in a senatorial office .
So even if he does n’t want to cheat , there is no doubt you ’re going to end up having county officials and others that have been promised jobs , that are going to steal votes if it looks like their candidate is going to lose .
And your son is 10 points ahead , and so if he does n’t win , ladies and gentleman , something is rotten in the state of Denmark .
Ron Paul : Absolutely .
You think if they were honest about what was going on , they would n’t even want to be close to it .
Because if they figured they ’re going to win and they pulled it off and they won legitimately , nobody would believe them anyway .
You would think that the Grayson people would be the ones that would want to be away from it .
Alex Jones : Amazing .
Folks can find out more at www.CampaigForLiberty.com.
Congressman Ron Paul is our guest .
For the last 45 seconds , the Democrats are really starting to talk about censoring the internet , censoring talk radio .
They violate the Constitution and all these other fronts ; why not there ?
Are you concerned about restrictions on free speech cyber security ?
Ron Paul :
Oh yeah .
I think the other day when we had our cyber security [ review ] , I do n’t know if the was anybody else … but anything touching the internet or communications , I will not vote for .
And they ’re always wanting to do that .
Though I think some of the talks I ’ve heard about this : that we need more government management of the media to get a better balance .
Pretty scary stuff .
Alex Jones : Congressman , we ’re going to break .
I know you ’ve got to go , but I need to tell you something during this break , so please hold for one moment .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Top a building with a light - colored " cool roof , " and it reflects sunlight , cutting air conditioning bills in summer , but increasing winter heating costs .
Choose black shingles , and the roof soaks up sunlight to cut winter heating costs but makes the roof bake in the summer sun .
One or the other .
You can't have it both ways .
Until now .
Scientists reported the development of a " smart " roof coating , made from waste cooking oil from fast food restaurants , that can " read " a thermometer .
The coating automatically switches roles , reflecting or transmitting solar heat , when the outdoor temperature crosses a preset point that can be tuned to the local climate .
They described the coating at the 239th National Meeting of the American Chemical Society ( ACS ) in San Francisco .
Roofs coated with the material would reflect scorching summer sunlight and reduce sticker - shock air - conditioning bills .
When chilly weather sets in , the coating would change roles and transmit heat to help warm the interior .
" This is one of the most innovative and practical roofing coating materials developed to date , " said Ben Wen , Ph.D. , leader of the research project .
He is the vice - president of United Environment & Energy LLC in Horseheads , N.Y .
" This bio - based intelligent roof coating , compared with a traditional cool roof , could reduce both heating and cooling costs as it responds to the external environment .
It will help save fuel and electricity and reduce emissions of volatile organic compounds from petroleum - based roofing products .
In addition , it will provide a new use for millions of gallons of waste oil after it is used to cook french fries and chicken nuggets . "
Scientists already have evidence that " white roofs " -- roofs that are painted white to reflect solar heat and help cool buildings during peak summer weather -- could significantly reduce global warming by lowering fuel consumption .
However , white roofs can have a wintertime heating penalty because they reflect solar heat that would help warm the building .
So white roofs are a benefit in summer but a detriment in winter .
advertisement
The new " intelligent " coating may sidestep this quandry .
Tests on coated asphalt shingles showed that it could reduce roof temperatures by about 50 -- 80 percent in warm weather .
In cooler weather , the coating could increase roof temperatures up to 80 percent compared with the traditional cool roof .
By changing the coating 's composition , Wen and colleagues can tune the substance , so that it changes from reflective to transmitive at a specific environmental temperature .
" Even though the roof temperature is reduced or increased by a few degrees , depending on the outside temperature , this change could make a big difference in your energy bill , " Wen noted .
In producing the coating , waste cooking oil is processed into a liquid polymer that hardens into a plastic after application .
Unlike raw waste oil , which can smell like French fries or fish , the resulting polymer is virtually odorless .
Manufacturers could potentially produce it in any shade , ranging from clear to black , depending on what additives are used , he said .
The material is also non-flammable and nontoxic .
Wen cautions against pouring ordinary cooking oil on a roof in an attempt to achieve a similar energy - saving effect .
That 's because ordinary cooking oil wo n't turn into a polymer , does n't contain the key ingredient for controlling infrared light levels , and could well pose a fire hazard for the building .
The coating can be applied to virtually any type of roof .
Wen expects that the coating can last many years and can be reapplied when it wears off .
If further testing continues to go well , he estimates that the coating could be ready for commercial use in about three years .
Wen 's research is funded by the Department of Energy .
His collaborators in this study include Peng Zhang and Marianne Meyers , also of United Environment & Energy LLC .
The Apollo 13 module , had it not been for NASA 's heroic efforts to get it back on course , would have missed Earth and tumbled into the depths of cold , lonely space .
At least that 's been the story repeated in popular , academic , and cinematic accounts of the ill - fated mission , like Ron Howard 's Apollo 13 .
Now , space writer Andrew Chaikin and a team of modelers at Analytical Graphics have stumbled upon a surprise :
The official story is n't true .
Instead of drifting into a nearly eternal orbit around Earth , the ship would have swung out past the moon , been pushed by its gravitational field , and been sent hurtling back toward Earth on a collision path , as described in the video above .
In any case , the crew would not have survived .
They'd have frozen first , then burned up on re-entry .
Luckily , James Lovell , Jack Swigert and Fred Haise were able to use the lunar module as a lifeboat and make it safely home with the help of Ed Harris , er , Eugene F. Kranz , the flight director for the mission .
And while we 're debunking Apollo 13 myths , the astronauts never actually said , " Houston , we have a problem . "
They said , " Houston , we 've had a problem . "
And if you ever correct someone on the presence of that helping verb at a party , you join an elite club of pedants who love space and grammar too much .
Contact us immediately with a YouTube video of the incident and we 'll send you a pin , because it 's our club .
Via CollectSPACE
Image :
The damage caused by the oxygen explosion that nearly cost the Apollo 13 astronauts their lives / NASA .
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Tumblr , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
Please refer to this entry for an updated video tutorial
There have been a few recent discussions on the forum about possible ab wheel substitutes , particularly those that would be convenient to pack when traveling .
A few members referenced an exercise slide tool that could be used for a variety of movements , including a few that are similar to wheel rollouts .
I am not familiar with the tool , but I did find a commercial model that sells for approximately $ 35 before shipping .
I ’ve never used one so I cannot offer any feedback .
I did however come across what appears to be a similar product .
In the video below , I demonstrate a few exercises with the help of two furniture gliders ( also known as sliders ) .
These gliders are typically used to move furniture .
Each glider is 9.5 inches long and 5.75 inches wide .
I purchased a 4 - pack for $ 10 .
Â
I only need two at a time so the cost is $ 5 per pair .
A snap shot of the package can be seen below .
As you can see , they are reusable and include a convenient gripper pad on the non-sliding side .
Next , you can see all four from the original package .
I shot the video below the same day that I purchased the gliders .
They worked very well on carpet .
I also tried them on a tile floor , but I was n’t sure if the floor would eventually scratch .
Carpet seems to be a better option .
As for exercise possibilities , there are obviously other options available , but the video shows a few that came to mind .
I found the gliders particularly useful for core work .
Considering the $ 5 per pair price tag , these are definitely a useful option for home training .
Introduction and Overview
MILLENNIALS
This is part of a Pew Research Center series of reports exploring the behaviors , values and opinions of the teens and twenty - somethings that make up the Millennial generation .
By some key measures , Americans ages 18 to 29 are considerably less religious than older Americans .
Fewer young adults belong to any particular faith than older people do today .
They also are less likely to be affiliated than their parents ’ and grandparents ’ generations were when they were young .
Fully one - in - four members of the Millennial generation – so called because they were born after 1980 and began to come of age around the year 2000 – are unaffiliated with any particular faith .
Indeed , Millennials are significantly more unaffiliated than members of Generation X were at a comparable point in their life cycle ( 20 % in the late 1990s ) and twice as unaffiliated as Baby Boomers were as young adults ( 13 % in the late 1970s ) .
Young adults also attend religious services less often than older Americans today .
And compared with their elders today , fewer young people say that religion is very important in their lives .
Yet in other ways , Millennials remain fairly traditional in their religious beliefs and practices .
Pew Research Center surveys show , for instance , that young adults ’ beliefs about life after death and the existence of heaven , hell and miracles closely resemble the beliefs of older people today .
Though young adults pray less often than their elders do today , the number of young adults who say they pray every day rivals the portion of young people who said the same in prior decades .
And though belief in God is lower among young adults than among older adults , Millennials say they believe in God with absolute certainty at rates similar to those seen among Gen Xers a decade ago .
This suggests that some of the religious differences between younger and older Americans today are not entirely generational but result in part from people ’s tendency to place greater emphasis on religion as they age .
A Note on Sources and Methods
This report is based on data from a variety of sources , including Pew Research Center surveys , which are used primarily to compare young adults with older adults today .
General Social Surveys and Gallup surveys are used primarily for cohort analyses , which compare young adults today with previous generations when they were in their 20s and early 30s .
While the surveys explore similar topics , exact question wording and results vary from survey to survey .
Present - day comparisons are made between adults ages 18 - 29 and those 30 and older .
By contrast , the cohort analyses define generations based on respondents ’ year of birth .
There is significant – but not complete – overlap between the two approaches .
That is , in the present - day analyses , depending on the year of the survey being analyzed , some in the 18 - 29 age group are actually young members of Generation X ( defined here as those born from 1965 to 1980 ) and not true members of the Millennial Generation ( defined here as those born after 1980 ) .
In their social and political views , young adults are clearly more accepting than older Americans of homosexuality , more inclined to see evolution as the best explanation of human life and less prone to see Hollywood as threatening their moral values .
At the same time , Millennials are no less convinced than their elders that there are absolute standards of right and wrong .
And they are slightly more supportive than their elders of government efforts to protect morality , as well as somewhat more comfortable with involvement in politics by churches and other houses of worship .
These and other findings are discussed in more detail in the remainder of this report by the Pew Research Center ’s Forum on Religion & Public Life .
It explores the degree to which the religious characteristics and social views of young adults differ from those of older people today , as well as how Millennials compare with previous generations when they were young .
Religious Affiliation
Compared with their elders today , young people are much less likely to affiliate with any religious tradition or to identify themselves as part of a Christian denomination .
Fully one - in - four adults under age 30 ( 25 % ) are unaffiliated , describing their religion as “ atheist , ” “ agnostic ” or “ nothing in particular . ”
This compares with less than one - fifth of people in their 30s ( 19 % ) , 15 % of those in their 40s , 14 % of those in their 50s and 10 % or less among those 60 and older .
About two - thirds of young people ( 68 % ) say they are members of a Christian denomination and 43 % describe themselves as Protestants , compared with 81 % of adults ages 30 and older who associate with Christian faiths and 53 % who are Protestants .
The large proportion of young adults who are unaffiliated with a religion is a result , in part , of the decision by many young people to leave the religion of their upbringing without becoming involved with a new faith .
In total , nearly one - in - five adults under age 30 ( 18 % ) say they were raised in a religion but are now unaffiliated with any particular faith .
Among older age groups , fewer say they are now unaffiliated after having been raised in a faith ( 13 % of those ages 30 - 49 , 12 % of those ages 50 - 64 , and 7 % of those ages 65 and older ) .
Young people ’s lower levels of religious affiliation are reflected in the age composition of major religious groups , with the unaffiliated standing out from other religious groups for their relative youth .
Roughly one - third of the unaffiliated population is under age 30 ( 31 % ) , compared with 20 % of the total population .
Data from the General Social Surveys ( GSS ) , which have been conducted regularly since 1972 , confirm that young adults are not just more unaffiliated than their elders today but are also more unaffiliated than young people have been in recent decades .
In GSS surveys conducted since 2000 , nearly one - quarter of people ages 18 - 29 have described their religion as “ none . ”
By comparison , only about half as many young adults were unaffiliated in the 1970s and 1980s .
Among Millennials who are affiliated with a religion , however , the intensity of their religious affiliation is as strong today as among previous generations when they were young .
More than one - third of religiously affiliated Millennials ( 37 % ) say they are a “ strong ” member of their faith , the same as the 37 % of Gen Xers who said this at a similar age and not significantly different than among Baby Boomers when they were young ( 31 % ) .
Worship Attendance
In the Pew Forum ’s 2007 Religious Landscape Survey , young adults report attending religious services less often than their elders today .
One - third of those under age 30 say they attend worship services at least once a week , compared with 41 % of adults 30 and older ( including more than half of people 65 and older ) .
But generational differences in worship attendance tend to be smaller within religious groups ( with the exception of Catholics ) than in the total population .
In other words , while young people are less likely than their elders to be affiliated with a religion , among those who are affiliated , generational differences in worship attendance are fairly small .
The long - running GSS also finds that young people attend religious services less often than their elders .
Furthermore , Millennials currently attend church or worship services at lower rates than Baby Boomers did when they were younger ; 18 % of Millennials currently report attending religious services weekly or nearly weekly , compared with 26 % of Boomers in the late 1970s .
But Millennials closely resemble members of Generation X when they were in their 20s and early 30s , when one - in - five Gen Xers ( 21 % ) reported attending religious services weekly or nearly weekly .
Other Religious Practices
Consistent with their lower levels of affiliation , young adults engage in a number of religious practices less often than do older Americans , especially the oldest group in the population ( those 65 and older ) .
For example , the 2007 Religious Landscape Survey finds that 27 % of young adults say they read Scripture on a weekly basis , compared with 36 % of those 30 and older .
And one - quarter of adults under 30 say they meditate on a weekly basis ( 26 % ) , compared with more than four - in - ten adults 30 and older ( 43 % ) .
These patterns hold true across a variety of religious groups .
In addition , less than half of adults under age 30 say they pray every day ( 48 % ) , compared with 56 % of Americans ages 30 - 49 , 61 % of those in their 50s and early 60s , and more than two - thirds of those 65 and older ( 68 % ) .
Age differences in frequency of prayer are most pronounced among members of historically black Protestant churches ( 70 % of those under age 30 pray every day , compared with 83 % among older members ) and Catholics ( 47 % of Catholics under 30 pray every day , compared with 60 % among older Catholics ) .
The differences are smaller among evangelical and mainline Protestants .
Although Millennials report praying less often than their elders do today , the GSS shows that Millennials are in sync with Generation X and Baby Boomers when members of those generations were younger .
In the 2008 GSS survey , roughly four - in - ten Millennials report praying daily ( 41 % ) , as did 42 % of members of Generation X in the late 1990s .
Baby Boomers reported praying at a similar rate in the early 1980s ( 47 % ) , when the first data are available for them .
GSS data show that daily prayer increases as people get older .
Religious Attitudes and Beliefs
Less than half of adults under age 30 say that religion is very important in their lives ( 45 % ) , compared with roughly six - in - ten adults 30 and older ( 54 % among those ages 30 - 49 , 59 % among those ages 50 - 64 and 69 % among those ages 65 and older ) .
By this measure , young people exhibit lower levels of religious intensity than their elders do today , and this holds true within a variety of religious groups .
Gallup surveys conducted over the past 30 years that use a similar measure of religion ’s importance confirm that religion is somewhat less important for Millennials today than it was for members of Generation X when they were of a similar age .
In Gallup surveys in the late 2000s , 40 % of Millennials said religion is very important , as did 48 % of Gen Xers in the late 1990s .
However , young people today look very much like Baby Boomers did at a similar point in their life cycle ; in a 1978 Gallup poll , 39 % of Boomers said religion was very important to them .
Similarly , young adults are less convinced of God ’s existence than their elders are today ; 64 % of young adults say they are absolutely certain of God ’s existence , compared with 73 % of those ages 30 and older .
In this case , differences are most pronounced among Catholics , with younger Catholics being 10 points less likely than older Catholics to believe in God with absolute certainty .
In other religious traditions , age differences are smaller .
But GSS data show that Millennials ’ level of belief in God resembles that seen among Gen Xers when they were roughly the same age .
Just over half of Millennials in the 2008 GSS survey ( 53 % ) say they have no doubt that God exists , a figure that is very similar to that among Gen Xers in the late 1990s ( 55 % ) .
Levels of certainty of belief in God have increased somewhat among Gen Xers and Baby Boomers in recent decades .
( Data on this item stretch back only to the late 1980s , making it impossible to compare Millennials with Boomers when Boomers were at a similar point in their life cycle . )
Differences between young people and their elders today are also apparent in views of the Bible , although the differences are somewhat less pronounced .
Overall , young people are slightly less inclined than those in older age groups to view the Bible as the literal word of God .
Interestingly , age differences on this item are most dramatic among young evangelicals and are virtually nonexistent in other groups .
Although younger evangelicals are just as likely as older evangelicals ( and more likely than people in most other religious groups ) to see the Bible as the word of God , they are less likely than older evangelicals to see it as the literal word of God .
Less than half of young evangelicals interpret the Bible literally ( 47 % ) , compared with 61 % of evangelicals 30 and older .
On this measure , too , Millennials display beliefs that closely resemble those of Generation X in the late 1990s .
In the 2008 GSS survey , roughly a quarter of Millennials ( 27 % ) said the Bible is the literal word of God , compared with 28 % among Gen Xers when they were young .
This is only slightly lower than among Baby Boomers in the early 1980s ( 33 % ) and is very similar to the 29 % of Boomers in the late 1980s who said they viewed the Bible as the literal word of God .
On still other measures of religious belief , there are few differences in the beliefs of young people compared with their elders today .
Adults under 30 , for instance , are just as likely as older adults to believe in life after death ( 75 % vs. 74 % ) , heaven ( 74 % each ) , hell ( 62 % vs. 59 % ) and miracles ( 78 % vs. 79 % ) .
In fact , on several of these items , young mainline Protestants and members of historically black Protestant churches exhibit somewhat higher levels of belief than their elders .
Young people who are affiliated with a religion are more inclined than their elders to believe their own religion is the one true path to eternal life ( though in all age groups , more people say many religions can lead to eternal life than say theirs is the one true faith ) .
Nearly three - in - ten religiously affiliated adults under age 30 ( 29 % ) say their own religion is the one true faith leading to eternal life , higher than the 23 % of religiously affiliated people ages 30 and older who say the same .
This pattern is evident among all three Protestant groups but not among Catholics .
Interestingly , while more young Americans than older Americans view their faith as the single path to salvation , young adults are also more open to multiple ways of interpreting their religion .
Nearly three - quarters of affiliated young adults ( 74 % ) say there is more than one true way to interpret the teachings of their faith , compared with 67 % of affiliated adults ages 30 and older .
Social and Culture War Issues
Young people are more accepting of homosexuality and evolution than are older people .
They are also more comfortable with having a bigger government , and they are less concerned about Hollywood threatening their values .
But when asked generally about morality and religion , young adults are just as convinced as older people that there are absolute standards of right and wrong that apply to everyone .
Young adults are also slightly more supportive of government efforts to protect morality and of efforts by houses of worship to express their social and political views .
According to the 2007 Religious Landscape Survey , almost twice as many young adults say homosexuality should be accepted by society as do those ages 65 and older ( 63 % vs. 35 % ) .
Young people are also considerably more likely than those ages 30 - 49 ( 51 % ) or 50 - 64 ( 48 % ) to say that homosexuality should be accepted .
Stark age differences also exist within each of the major religious traditions examined .
Compared with older members of their faith , significantly larger proportions of young adults say society should accept homosexuality .
In the 2008 GSS survey , just over four - in - ten ( 43 % ) Millennials said homosexual relations are always wrong , similar to the 47 % of Gen Xers who said the same in the late 1990s .
These two cohorts are significantly less likely than members of previous generations have ever been to say that homosexuality is always wrong .
The views of the various generations on this question have fluctuated over time , often in tandem .
Roughly half of young adults ( 52 % ) say abortion should be legal in all or most cases .
On this issue , young adults express slightly more permissive views than do adults ages 30 and older .
However , the group that truly stands out on this issue is people 65 and older , just 37 % of whom say abortion should be legal in most or all cases .
Interestingly , this pattern represents a significant change from earlier polling .
Previously , people in the middle age categories ( i.e. , those ages 30 - 49 and 50 - 64 ) tended to be more supportive of legal abortion , while the youngest and oldest age groups were more opposed .
In 2009 , however , attitudes toward abortion moved in a more conservative direction among most groups in the population , with the notable exception of young people .
The result of this conservative turn among those in the 30 - 49 and 50 - 64 age brackets means that their views now more closely resemble those of the youngest age group , while those in the 65 - and - older group now express the most conservative views on abortion of any age group .
Surveys also show that large numbers of young adults ( 67 % ) say they would prefer a bigger government that provides more services over a smaller government that provides fewer services .
Among older Americans , only 41 % feel this way .
Fewer young people than older people see their moral values as under assault from Hollywood ; one - third of adults under age 30 agree that Hollywood and the entertainment industry threatens their values , compared with 44 % of people 30 and older .
And more than half of young adults ( 55 % ) believe that evolution is the best explanation for the development of human life , compared with 47 % of people in older age groups .
These patterns are seen both in the total population and within a variety of religious traditions , though the link between age and views on evolution is strongest among Catholics and members of historically black Protestant churches .
But differences between young adults and their elders are not so stark on all moral and social issues .
For instance , more than three - quarters of young adults ( 76 % ) agree that there are absolute standards of right and wrong , a level nearly identical to that among older age groups ( 77 % ) .
More than half of young adults ( 55 % ) say that houses of worship should speak out on social and political matters , slightly more than say this among older adults ( 49 % ) .
And 45 % of young adults say that the government should do more to protect morality in society , compared with 39 % of people ages 30 and older .
GSS surveys show Millennials are more permissive than their elders are today in their views about pornography , but their views are nearly identical to those expressed by Gen Xers and Baby Boomers when members of those generations were at a similar point in their life cycles .
About one - in - five Millennials today say pornography should be illegal for everyone ( 21 % ) , similar to the 24 % of Gen Xers who said this in the late 1990s and the 22 % of Boomers who took this view in the late 1970s .
Data for the Silent and Greatest generations at similar ages are not available , but data from the 1970s onward suggest that people become more opposed to pornography as they age .
Similarly , Millennials at the present time stand out from other generations for their opposition to Bible reading and prayer in schools , but they are less distinctive when compared with members of Generation X or Baby Boomers at a comparable age .
During early adulthood , about half of Boomers ( 51 % ) and Gen Xers ( 54 % ) said they approved of U.S. Supreme Court rulings that banned the required reading of the Lord ’s Prayer or Bible verses in public schools ; 56 % of Millennials took this view in 2008 .
Generation X and the Boomer generation have become less supportive of the court ’s position over time , while the pattern in the views of the Silent and Greatest generations has been less clear .
More Information
For other treatments of religion among young adults in the U.S. and how they compare with older generations , see , for example , Souls in Transition : The Religious and Spiritual Lives of Emerging Adults by Christian Smith and Patricia Snell ( 2009 ) and After the Baby Boomers : How Twenty - and Thirty - Somethings Are Shaping the Future of American Religion by Robert Wuthnow ( 2007 ) .
Download the appendix : Selected Religious Beliefs and Practices among Ages 18 - 29 by Decade ( 1 - page PDF )
Download the full report ( 29 - page PDF )
This analysis was written by Allison Pond , Research Associate ; Gregory Smith , Senior Researcher ; and Scott Clement , Research Analyst , Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life .
Photo credit : Aldo Murillo/iStockPhoto
The garbage truck that plowed into Cindie Holub left her body a broken mess .
The bicyclist lay near the intersection of Dynamite Boulevard and Alma School Road in north Scottsdale , spine broken in three spots , nine broken ribs , a broken shoulder blade , collar bone and pelvis among her injuries .
Still trying to process what happened moments after the Feb. 24 crash , she asked a passerby to call her husband , Brian Holub , in Massachusetts .
Cindie Holub , 52 , was riding a bicycle and had been hit by a Waste Management garbage truck .
She was airlifted to Scottsdale Healthcare Osborn Medical Center , where she died four days later .
Scottsdale police cited the driver of the truck , Fernando Jimenez , 50 , for not leaving a safe distance of at least 3 feet between the vehicle and a bicycle when passing .
The civil fine is up to $ 1,000 when a death is involved .
The Holub family has hired an attorney for a wrongful - death suit against Waste Management , Brian Holub said .
A spokeswoman for the company said she was unable to comment because the incident is under investigation .
The accident is a stark illustration of the dangers faced by bicyclists who ride alongside traffic in Arizona .
Holub is one of six bicyclists killed in Arizona this year , according to Ed Beighe , who tracks fatalities as part of his AzBikeLaw blog .
State and federal data for 2009 are not available , but Beighe estimates that 16 Arizona cyclists died last year .
In 2008 , the latest data available , there were 19 fatal bike crashes in Arizona , making the state the 10th deadliest in the nation , according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration .
The League of American Bicyclists , a national advocacy and education group , ranked Arizona No. 7 on its list of bicycle - friendly states last year , down from No. 3 in 2008 .
Scottsdale is one of seven communities in the state to earn the organization 's " Bicycle - Friendly Community " designation .
States and communities are judged on five criteria , including education of cyclists and motorists and connections between cyclists and law enforcement .
But Arizona bicycle advocates are concerned that the state law mandating that motorists give bicyclists 3 feet of safe passing distance is inconsistently enforced .
" It seems more law - enforcement officers are aware of the law , but I think there is still some confusion on what the law is and how to apply it , " said Bob Beane , president of the Coalition of Arizona Bicyclists .
The group would like to see increased awareness of the law , increased penalties and a clarification of how the law applies if designated bike lanes are not suitable for riding , he said .
It eventually might push for laws protecting so - called " vulnerable users " of the roads , which could cover not only bicyclists but also motorcyclists , pedestrians and people changing tires on vehicles , he said .
Enforcement of the 3 - foot law and other laws vary widely .
Among cyclists killed in Arizona last year , reports by Beighe 's Web site and in the media show :
��Allen Johnson , 26 , an off - duty Tucson police officer , was struck from behind and killed by a pickup truck while riding last March in Tucson .
The driver had her head beneath the dashboard at the time and later tested positive for medication , but she has not been charged , said Eric Post , a Tucson attorney who has represented bicylicst and their families in such cases .
��Michael Gordon Gray , 43 , was struck and killed while riding with two other cyclists on Maricopa Road near the Sheraton Wild Horse Pass Resort and Spa on the Gila River Indian Reservation .
Driver David Allen Wiechens Sr. was charged with manslaughter .
� �Drake Okusako , 55 , was struck and killed while riding in a bike lane in midtown Tucson .
Driver Jesse James Segebartt , who had been weaving in and out of traffic , was indicted on charges of manslaughter and leaving the scene of an accident resulting in death .
He pleaded guilty to leaving the scene and to a reduced charge of negligent homicide , and was sentenced April 12 to four years in prison , the Arizona Daily Star reported .
��Jerome Featherman , 86 , was struck and killed while riding in a bike lane in Green Valley .
Driver David Armstrong was cited for violating the 3 - foot law and driving in a bike path and paid $ 254 in fines to the Green Valley Justice Court .
Driver , witnesses dispute accident
That February afternoon , Cindie Holub was out for a 45 - mile ride that normally took her about two hours , her husband said .
The Holubs , who own a veterinary hospital in Massachusetts , bought a second home in north Scottsdale last year to be close to Cindie 's father , who lives less than two blocks from where she was hit , Brian Holub said .
Over the past years , Cindie Holub had competed in three triathlons and was training for an Ironman triathlon .
Her coach in Massachusetts , Sharon Johnson of New England Triathalon Training , said Holub was a smart , dedicated athlete .
" She was cautious .
She would n't do anything over her head , " Johnson said .
According to the Scottsdale police report , Jimenez told officers , " I thought I left enough room for her , I went to move over but there was a car next to me . "
Brian Holub said witnesses driving in front of and behind the garbage truck said there was no vehicle next to the truck and they never saw the truck swerve to avoid the cyclist .
" The driver one car back saw my wife for half a mile .
The driver two cars back could see my wife .
Everybody could see my wife .
This truck driver totally did n't see my wife , " Holub said .
" A driver ( behind the truck ) saw her bike fly up and over the garbage truck .
That witness thought a bicycle had fallen out of the dump truck .
But the right - hand bumper struck her squarely in the back . "
As best as the family can tell , the driver just did n't see her , Brian Holub said .
" I do n't know if he was thinking about something or physical distracted .
. . .
Anybody paying even a little attention to the road would have known she was there . "
Reid Wilson at National Journal ’s Hotline took Nancy Pelosi ’s promise to heart .
She said last week that Congress had to pass the first - ever federal mandates on American citizens to purchase a product before we could see what else was in the bill .
Now that it ’s passed , Wilson discovers that the bill exempts perhaps thousands of staffers on Capitol Hill from a mandate to purchase coverage from government - run insurance exchanges :
House GOP aides and the non-partisan Congressional Research Service believe health care legislation passed this week requires lawmakers to enroll in government - run insurance programs — while exempting leadership staffers , many of whom were instrumental in crafting the bill .
Top staffers buzzed yesterday on an off - the - record Capitol Hill list - serv , citing the part of the mammoth legislation that deals with members of Congress .
The federal government can only make available to members and their official staffs health plans created by the bill or offered through an exchange .
…
The loophole for leadership staffers could impact thousands of Hill employees .
There are 16 active leadership offices in the House and 26 in the Senate , according to the government transparency website LegiStorm .
Some are small , with just a few employees .
Others are much larger ; Speaker Nancy Pelosi paid 54 employees a total of $ 1.1 M in the last quarter of ’09 , while House Min. Leader John Boehner paid his 26 staffers a total of $ 721 K in the same quarter .
Anyone shocked by this turn of events ?
Anyone ?
Anyone ?
Bueller ?
Bueller ?
Congress has a long and notorious history for sticking America with ridiculous mandates while exempting themselves .
In fact , that became a theme of the 1994 midterm elections ; Newt Gingrich included in his Contract with America a requirement to end such exemptions , such as the ADA , Social Security waivers , and so on .
It played well with the electorate , which rightly questioned whether Congress had decided to make itself above the laws it busily made for everyone else after 40 years of Democratic Party control .
Looks like Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid did n’t learn that lesson the last time they lost the majority .
It ’s time for the electorate to give them another object lesson .
The Obama administration is making a big health care mistake .
I ’m not talking about the final push for comprehensive reform legislation , which is righteous and necessary .
I mean the sale of more than 100,000 contaminated trailers and mobile homes — a move that could make people sick .
The trailers are a legacy of the Bush administration ’s botched response to Hurricane Katrina .
They were purchased by the Federal Emergency Management Agency as temporary housing for displaced Gulf Coast residents , but some people who moved into them reported burning eyes , irritated throats , headaches and nosebleeds .
The Sierra Club began testing the air inside some of the trailers in 2006 and found unusually high levels of formaldehyde .
The government delayed almost two years , as reports of illness mounted , before declaring in 2008 that all those living in the trailers should move out .
Additional testing by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and FEMA found that , on average , formaldehyde levels inside the trailers were five times higher than expected for indoor air .
“ Long - term exposure to levels in this range can be linked to an increased risk of cancer , and as levels rise above this range , there can also be a risk of respiratory illness , ” a CDC statement said .
Formaldehyde is particularly dangerous for people with asthma or bronchitis .
The government did its testing in the months of December and January , when levels of the toxic chemical would be at their lowest .
Warmer temperatures — such as those common in the Gulf Coast area most of the year — make the levels rise significantly .
In January , FEMA agreed to sell 93,000 trailers and 9,300 mobile homes — virtually all the units it still owns — at pennies on the dollar .
The purchasers are wholesalers who plan to resell the mobile dwellings , and each unit will bear a sticker warning that it is for occasional use only , not residential use .
The theory is that limited , episodic exposure to the formaldehyde — as would be experienced by someone who used a trailer as a storage container , say , or as a seasonal hunting lodge — is safer than continuous exposure from living , eating and sleeping inside .
Still , the federal government is selling housing units that it knows are unsafe to live in .
For an administration that claims to believe in consumer protection , this is no way to show the love .
The sale , scheduled to become final in April , should not be allowed to proceed .
No warning sticker can absolve the government , the wholesalers and the eventual retailers of these trailers and mobile homes of their moral responsibility .
Given the state of the economy — especially the unabated national epidemic of foreclosures and evictions — it is lunacy to pretend that families will not buy these units as primary residences .
Officials told The Washington Post that there would be little demand for the trailers because so many are in poor condition , having sat unoccupied and unattended for so long .
But my guess is that if problems such as mold , mildew and propane gas leaks drive retail prices even lower , the number of potential buyers is only likely to increase .
Things are tough out there , and even a musty trailer — with a warning sticker — is a more comfortable place to sleep than the back seat of a car .
FEMA spent $ 2.7 billion to buy the trailers and mobile homes and has spent an additional $ 220 million to store them .
Selling the units is expected to recoup $ 279 million — a significant amount of money , to be sure .
But is it right for the government to release into the marketplace a product known to be defective ?
And even though the trailers are plastered with warning stickers , perhaps bearing a skull and crossbones , will that deter the inevitable lawsuits if buyers become ill ?
These units do n’t need to be sold , they need to be destroyed .
And the Environmental Protection Agency — remember the EPA ? — needs to finally set standards for the presence of formaldehyde in indoor air .
The agency has known about the problem for more than two decades .
In the late 1980s , dozens of employees at the agency ’s Washington headquarters reported respiratory and other symptoms after a remodeling .
One of the chemicals being released by the newly installed building materials was , you guessed it , formaldehyde .
Eugene Robinson ’s e-mail address is eugenerobinson ( at) washpost.com .
Lindenhurst teen admits spiking mom's coffee with antifreeze
A Lindenhurst teenager admitted Wednesday he put antifreeze in his mother 's coffee maker .
Michael Tangney Jr. , 18 , pleaded guilty to aggravated battery after a meeting of the lawyers in the case and the judge determined he is likely to be placed on probation .
Tangney , of the 300 block of Northgate Road , was arrested in November after his mother , Joyce Tangney , was hospitalized with ethylene glycol poisoning .
The substance , which is used to make antifreeze and de-icing solutions , worked slowly in Joyce Tangney 's system and caused her to fall ill several days after she ingested it .
Assistant State 's Attorney Tim Niehus said Joyce Tangney was hospitalized , but has since made a full recovery .
Police questioned her son , and he admitted he had put the antifreeze into the coffee maker as a practical joke .
Tangney was originally charged with heinous battery , a felony requiring a prison sentence of six to 30 years upon conviction .
Associate Judge Theodore Potkonjak met with Niehus and Tangney 's attorney , William Murphy of Chicago , in his chambers for about 20 minutes to discuss the case .
When they returned to open court , Potkonjak told Tangney he would approve a move to reduce the charge to an offense allowing a sentence of probation .
Potkonjak said he was doing so after a review of Tangney 's personal history and mental and physical health problems .
He also said it had been made clear to him that Tangney 's parents did not want their son to go to prison .
" You obviously had some rebuilding to do at home in terms of trust issues , " Potkonjak said .
" But you have a lot going for you in that you have loving and supportive parents and you need to take advantage of that . "
Tangney was allowed to plead guilty to aggravated battery , and the other charges were dropped .
Potkonjak said that unless " something surprising " was revealed in a pre-sentence investigation of Tangney , he would likely be sentenced to probation when he returns to court June 18 .
Seventeen days after it began , the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver are now complete .
A total of 258 medals were awarded , with the United States , Germany , and Canada collecting the most medals .
The second half of the games went much smoother than the glitchy first week , with many memorable performances by athletes from all over the world .
Last night , a crowd of 60,000 filled BC Place in Vancouver for the Closing Ceremony , which took place shortly after the final event - a Gold Medal win by host nation Canada 's ice hockey team over the U.S.
The Olympic flame will next pass to London , England in 2012 for the Summer Games , and to Sochi , Russia in 2014 for the next Winter games .
Collected here are photos from the second half of this year 's events in Vancouver ( see Part 1 for the first half ) .
( 45 photos total
I 'll be trying what seems to be an unusual approach in blogs -- writing to be inclusive of students in middle school and jr. high * , as well as teachers and parents ( whether for their own information or to help their children ) .
To that end , comments will have to pass a stricter standard than I 'd apply for an all - comers site .
It should n't be onerous , just keep to the topic and use clean language .
I expect it to be fun for all , however , as you really can get quite far in understanding the world , even climate , by understanding this sort of fundamental .
If I get too much less fundamental , let me know where I went astray . *
Ok , I concede that not many middle school students will get everything .
Even a fair number of adults will find some parts hard to follow .
Still , some middle school kids will have fun .
And almost everyone will follow a number of posts just fine .
Please see the comment policy for details .
And the link policy for details about that .
The latter is more open than you might expect .
Giant Bombcast 654 : Vault of Ass
We 're pretty taken with Hades and Spelunky 2 here , not so much WWE Battlegrounds or Serious Sam 4 .
Next - gen console news !
A live sideshow !
Mario except what if he was food !
Tune in !
CANNABIS CULTURE – A Toronto location of Cannabis As Living Medicine ( C.A.L.M. )
Compassion Club was raided by police at about 3 pm , Wednesday , March 31 , according to trusted sources in the area .
“ We know so far that over the last hour police are all over the Queens St. location , ” Chris Goodwin , manager of Toronto ’s Vapor Central , told Cannabis Culture after the raid started .
“ They ’re in the alleys , in the building – a patient that tried to go in was told it was being raided and under police control , and that he could n’t get his medicine there .
Some of the cops were saying rude comments . ”
Goodwin said that many of C.A.L.M.’s staff members have been arrested .
“ It was check day , so all staff were in , and they had the most product as today is the busiest day , ” he said .
C.A.L.M. is one of the oldest medical cannabis clubs in Canada , established in 1996 .
C.A.L.M.’s website states that the organization is a “ peer - run organization that provides almost 2,000 Canadians living with severe or chronic illnesses with safe and continuous access to medicinal cannabis in a safe empowering environment . [… ]
Currently , C.A.L.M. is a superior dispenser of medical cannabis that functions like a wellness centre .
C.A.L.M. is open seven days a week in order to provide clients with consistent and reliable access to medical cannabis . ”
UPDATE : Release issued to C.A.L.M. members
ATTENTION CALM MEMBERS : Earlier this afternoon our downtown location was raided .
Although we are still piecing together the information , at this time we are temporarily closed .
We will hopefully be resuming our services in the coming days so please check this forum regularly for further information .
We may be organizing a pro-CALM community gathering in the coming week , your attendance would mean a lot to everyone and the medical cannabis community as a whole .
We thank you for your concern and appreciate your continued support .
If we stand together nobody can take our club away from us .
We ’ll be seeing you again really soon ,
CALM
UPDATE : Message from a club member
FORW : from MAD : Today I was at C.A.L.M when it got raided by the police .
I ’m very livid about this because of the treatment of the staff that I seen .
punchnig a handcuffed man when he ’s cooperating and complying .
Now what ?
What do we do how can we help those who help us ?
I want answers and want to do something about this this is a omplete outrage of our rights as Canadians .
I hope those guys I seen getting hurt by police are okay .
Can someone shed some light on this and what to do next ?
Thanks a bunch
UPDATE – Thursday , April 1 , 4:42 pm
Update from CALM :
Hello CALM members , I am pleased to inform you that almost all of our volunteers have been released from police custody ( and the last will be out momentarily ) .
We will be giving you more information as soon as we have it .
In the mean time we are asking members to share their opinions of the situation and to tell us how the police activity has negatively impacted you and your health .
All of our stories will be used to help out CALM and our volunteers in their struggle with the law and help us reopen as soon as possible .
We need to show the city that CALM is a helpful part of the community and that we help better peoples ’ lives .
The volunteers are just members who were willing to put in a few hours a week to help support the club we love .
Lets show them our appreciation and our mutual love for CALM and its role in our lives .
The deepest of thanks ,
Ben and the CALM family .
More from CALM release yesterday :
At approximately 3 p.m. this afternoon , 51 Division officers raided a medical cannabis resource and support centre .
C.A.L.M. has provided support for patients with debilitating illnesses that range from AIDS , cancer , glaucoma and MS for years .
The police arrested 9 individuals found on site and confiscated their medication .
The Queen St. location was targeted despite the fact that all individuals in question had federal licenses to possess , store and / or cultivate medical cannabis .
CHECK HERE for updates as more info becomes available .
A fourth Australian has been named as a suspect in the assassination of a Palestinian militant in a Dubai hotel room in January .
Dubai police last week revealed a 27th suspect in the team of assassins it believed was responsible for killing Hamas commander Mahmoud Al Mabhouh .
More than half those identified share names with Israeli citizens with dual nationality .
Now , Interpol has released details of most of the suspects on its website and has named the latest suspect as Joshua Aaron Krycer .
The real Joshua Krycer apparently lives in Jerusalem and moved to Israel from Australia a few years ago .
A 2006 online newsletter of the Zionist Federation of Australia contains a photograph of Joshua Krycer .
The newsletter says he is a speech pathologist among a group of Australians working at a hospital in Jerusalem .
Three other Australians , Nicole McCabe , Joshua Bruce and Adam Korman , allegedly had their identities stolen and used in some of the fake passports held by the alleged assassins .
All of them deny any involvement in the assassination and say they have no knowledge of how their passport identities were stolen .
Dubai police have said they are 99 per cent sure that Israel was behind the assassination of Mabhouh , who was smothered with a pillow after being injected with a powerful muscle relaxant .
Foreign Minister Stephen Smith has told ABC2 News Breakfast he will not comment on the latest development .
" So far as we 're concerned we regard this matter very much as operational , " he said .
" We 've been working very closely with the the UAE authorities on this matter .
" I 'm not proposing to be drawn on speculation on what we regard very much as operational matters . "
Interpol says the 27 suspects named by Dubai police worked in two separate groups .
They say a smaller core group carried out the killing , while the second team helped by watching , following and reporting on Mabhouh 's movements .
Dubai police say 12 British citizens , six Irish , four French and one German all had their passport details stolen and used in the assassination .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday , March 16 , 2010
Shameful Zionist propaganda lobby group
The Simon Wiesenthal Center has issued a report which smears people who question government as racists and terrorists , labeling conspiracy theories “ hate ” in the latest crusade against free speech on the Internet .
In an article entitled , Terrorists Targeting Children Via Facebook , Twitter , Fox News affords sympathetic coverage to the 2010 Digital Terrorism and Hate report , which lumps in “ conspiracy theories ” with “ lone wolf extremists , ” “ bomb making instructions ” and “ hate games , ” implying that dissemination of “ conspiracy theories ” also amounts to some form of child abuse .
The intention is clear – to smear anyone upset at the mass financial raping they have been subject to , anyone expressing dissent and suspicion towards the federal government , as a racist , extremist , a child abuser , or even a terrorist .
This is merely the latest assault on Internet free speech to coincide with efforts on behalf of numerous governments to censor the Internet as well as the U.S. government ’s efforts to control and regulate the world wide web under the guise of Cybersecurity
In reality , the only peddlers of “ hate ” are the Simon Wiesenthal Center itself .
Their latest report is yet another salvo in the long - standing agenda to silence what they characterize as “ conspiracy theories , ” but what in fact constitute legitimate criticism of the abuses committed by Israel against Palestinians .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
One of the “ conspiracy theories ” cited in the report , along with questioning the official 9/11 story ( a form of “ hate ” shared by no less than 84 per cent of the entire U.S. population ) , is listed in the Fox News report as “ organ theft , ” which presumably relates to a Swedish newspaper report about Israel killing Palestinians in order to use their organs , a claim Israel labeled “ anti-semitic ” .
However , a subsequent London Guardian report confirmed that Israel had routinely harvested organs from dead Palestinians without their family ’s consent .
Indeed , the former head of Israel ’s forensic institute , Dr Yehuda Hiss , admitted to this in a television documentary .
So how The Simon Wiesenthal Center can label organ theft a “ conspiracy theory ” when one of Israel ’s top state doctors openly admitted it occurred on a routine basis is bewildering , but this is n’t about logic or facts , it ’s about demonizing legitimate political opposition to the misdeeds of Israel as hate crime .
Anyone who has studied The Simon Wiesenthal Center ’s disdain for free speech will understand that such smear tactics are par for the course .
As Jewish scholar Norman G. Finkelstein explains in his monumental book , The Holocaust Industry : Reflections on the Exploitation of Jewish Suffering , the Simon Wiesenthal Center played a fundamental role in smearing Swiss banks as depositories of looted Nazi gold supposedly stolen from Jewish holocaust victims during world war two , a claim completely overblown and exploited for financial profit on behalf of Jewish organizations interested only in filling their own coffers with little or nothing of the proceeds going to actual holocaust survivors , as Finkelstein documents .
In resolving to target “ conspiracy theories ” by grouping them together with racism and terrorism , the Simon Wiesenthal Center is following in the footsteps of the ADL and the Southern Poverty Law Center , two other purveyors of Zionist propaganda and anti-American intimidation tactics aimed at crushing dissent .
The SPLC released a report earlier this month promulgating the notion that domestic terrorists were being provoked to commit violence by Internet “ conspiracy theories , ” which just days later was followed by the suspicious Pentagon shooting , an event swiftly exploited by the corporate media in order to demonize 9/11 truth activists as a deadly threat , despite the fact that there was not one previous instance of a 9/11 truther committing violence or any crime in pursuit of their cause .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Google is changing the way it handles the unique identifier that accompanies each installation of its Chrome browser .
As noticed by H - Online , a Google white paper ( pdf ) says the company will now delete the unique ID after the browser updates itself for the first time .
Google has confirmed with The Reg that the change will be made with the upcoming Chrome 4.1 .
A 4.1 beta was released earlier this month .
Google 's white paper says the token will now be used solely to verify a successful install .
" In order to measure the success rate of Google Chrome downloads and installations , a randomly - generated token is included with Google Chrome 's installer , " it reads .
" This token is sent to Google during the installation process to confirm the success of that particular installation . "
As it stands , Google lays down the unique identifier in the Chrome installation folder , but it says this is not linked to personal data and that it is merely used to check for updates and report crashes back to the company .
It is reassigned each time the browser is updated .
With Chrome 4.1 it will still appear on the user 's machine , but it will then be deleted after the initial update .
" It 's about time , " reads a blog post from Mozilla director of community development Asa Dotzler .
But he questions why the identifier is laid down in the first place .
" But why ship it at all .
Is it really that important to track individual users through their first automatic ( and silent ) update ? " he asks .
As Google 's white paper explains , the company continues to gather user data through its so - called Omnibox address bar , which suggests urls as users type .
You can disable Omnibox or tell it to use another search provider .
But by default , it sends what you 've typed , your IP address , and certain cookies back to Google - though the company says it logs only a random two per cent of the data .
Google also says that its logs drop the cookies and scrub the last octet of your IP " within at most 24 hours " .
The white paper also discusses the data Google collects when the web address you request does not resolve and when the browser updates .
The browser also collects various usage statistics and crash reports , but this is turned off by default . ®
The state archive shows a March 1940 letter to Stalin from his secret police chief Beria ordering the killings
Russia 's state archive has published formerly top secret Soviet - era documents on the April 1940 Katyn massacre on its website .
They include a key letter to then Soviet leader Joseph Stalin from secret police ( NKVD ) chief Lavrenty Beria , dated 5 March 1940 and marked " Top Secret " .
Some 22,000 members of the Polish elite were killed by Soviet forces , and for decades the USSR claimed that it was the work of Nazi Germany .
Russia gave the documents to Poland in 1992 .
Here are excerpts from the Beria letter : " To Comrade Stalin :
In prisoner - of - war camps run by the USSR NKVD and in prisons in western Ukraine and Belorussia there is currently a large number of former Polish army officers , former officials of the Polish police and intelligence services , members of Polish nationalist counter - revolutionary parties , members of unmasked rebel counter - revolutionary organisations , defectors and others .
They are all sworn enemies of Soviet power , filled with hatred towards the Soviet system .
The POW officers and police in the camps are trying to continue counter - revolutionary work and are engaged in anti-Soviet agitation .
Each of them is just waiting for liberation so as to actively join the struggle against Soviet power .
Beria , a Georgian like Stalin , was notorious for enforcing a reign of terror
In total in the prisoner - of - war camps ( not counting soldiers and non-commissioned officers ) there are 14,736 former officers , government officials , landowners , policemen , military police , jailers , settlers and spies .
More than 97 % are of Polish nationality
In total the prisons of western Ukraine and Belorussia contain 18,632 detainees ( of whom 10,685 are Poles ) ...
Based on the fact that all of them are steadfast incorrigible enemies of Soviet power , the USSR NKVD deems it essential : I . To propose that the USSR NKVD : [ underlined - ed ] Give special consideration to 1 ) the cases of 14,700 people remaining in the prisoner - of - war camps - former Polish army officers , government officials , landowners , policemen , intelligence agents , military policemen , settlers and jailers , 2 ) and also the cases of those arrested and remaining in prisons in the western districts of Ukraine and Belorussia , totalling 11,000 - members of various counter - revolutionary spy and sabotage organisations , former landowners , factory owners , former Polish army officers , government officials and defectors - Imposing on them the sentence of capital punishment - execution by shooting .
II .
The cases are to be handled without the convicts being summoned and without revealing the charges ; with no statements concerning the conclusion of the investigation and the bills of indictment given to them . "
[ The letter is signed " L. Beria " in blue pencil , under the title USSR People 's Commissar for Internal Affairs .
The first page of the letter bears the word Za - " in favour " - scrawled in blue pencil with the signatures of then Soviet leader Joseph Stalin and of Politburo members K. Voroshilov and A. Mikoyan , along with V. Molotov in ordinary pencil .
In the margin are the names Kalinin and Kaganovich - also aides to Stalin - added in blue ink , and also with the word za . ]
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Little is really understood about glaucoma 's mechanisms , mostly because they are constantly changing .
For instance , one manageable symptom that seems to be linked to the disease 's progression is high intraocular pressure , or pressure caused by too much liquid inside the eye .
But intraocular pressure changes throughout the day , usually peaking at night when patients are not under doctor 's observation .
Snapshots of the condition taken during routine doctor visits provide little insight into how the symptoms and diseases are evolving .
The right - to - life movement is a failure .
Although millions of dollars have been spent on lobbying , marches , and protests since the 1973 Roe v.
Wade decision , millions of women have still had abortions since then .
There is no doubt that many abortions have been prevented , but even a round number of how many is almost impossible to estimate .
The pro-life movement has failed miserably to persuade women to not have abortions , to educate women on the evils of abortion , to prevent unwanted pregnancies , to convince doctors to not perform abortions , to effectively counsel women with unwanted pregnancies , to impede promiscuity , and to provide sufficient alternatives to pregnant women considering abortion .
Pro-lifers are quick to lay the blame on the Supreme Court , activist federal judges , Planned Parenthood , the ACLU , feminists , doctors who perform abortions , the Democratic Party , and liberals — anywhere and anyone but themselves and the women who actually have abortions .
According to most pro-lifers , the solution to the abortion problem is not persuasion , education , or counseling ; it is more centralization of power in the federal government — the same government that , in a vast power grab that did violence to the Constitution , asserted federal supremacy over the states ’ abortion laws in the Roe v. Wade decision .
In a strange turn of events , instead of some libertarians thinking Ron Paul is wrong on abortion , some in the right - to - life movement have recently questioned the pro-life credentials of the strongly pro-life member of Congress , obstetrician , and former presidential candidate .
Dr. Paul , who has delivered over 4,000 babies , counseled young women against having abortions , written two books against abortion ( Abortion and Liberty and Challenge to Liberty : Coming to Grips with the Abortion Issue ) , and stated that “ in 40 years of medical practice , I never once considered performing an abortion , nor did I ever find abortion necessary to save the life of a pregnant woman , ” has said about abortion and the right to life : I believe beyond a doubt that a fetus is a human life deserving of legal protection , and that the right to life is the foundation of any moral society .
Reaffirming the importance of the sanctity of life is crucial for the continuation of a civilized society .
There is already strong evidence that we are indeed on the slippery slope toward euthanasia and human experimentation .
Abortion on demand is no doubt the most serious sociopolitical problem of our age .
The lack of respect for life that permits abortion significantly contributes to our violent culture and our careless attitude toward liberty .
Challenge to Liberty : ... Ron Paul Best Price : $ 55.55 Buy New null ( as of 05:40 EST - Details )
But not only has Dr. Paul claimed to be pro-life and made some negative statements about abortion , he has , as a member of Congress , actually tried to do something about abortion within the bounds of the Constitution he took an oath to uphold :
The right of an innocent , unborn child to life is at the heart of the American ideals of liberty .
My professional and legislative record demonstrates my strong commitment to this pro-life principle .
In Congress , I have authored legislation that seeks to define life as beginning at conception , H.R. 1094 .
I am also the prime sponsor of H.R. 300 , which would negate the effect of Roe v.
Wade by removing the ability of federal courts to interfere with state legislation to protect life .
This is a practical , direct approach to ending federal court tyranny which threatens our constitutional republic and has caused the deaths of 45 million of the unborn .
I have also authored H.R. 1095 , which prevents federal funds to be used for so - called “ population control . ”
Many talk about being pro-life .
I have taken and will continue to advocate direct action to restore protection for the unborn .
None of Dr. Paul ’s statements against abortion or actions to reduce abortion is good enough for some pro-lifers .
One of the newest pro-life organizations , American Right To Life , has launched a vicious attack on Dr. Paul because he opposes both a federal law proscribing abortion and a constitutional amendment banning abortion .
The Revolution that Wa ... Laurence M. Vance Best Price : null Buy New $ 5.95 ( as of 12:45 EST - Details )
As he himself explains his position : Roe v.
Wade was wrongly decided , but not because the Supreme Court presumed to legalize abortion rather than ban it .
Roe was wrongly decided because abortion simply is not a constitutional issue .
There is not a word in the text of that document , nor in any of its amendments , that conceivably addresses abortion .
There is no serious argument based on the text of the Constitution itself that a federal “ right to abortion ” exists .
The federalization of abortion law is based not on constitutional principles , but rather on a social and political construct created out of thin air by the Roe court .
Under the 9th and 10th amendments , all authority over matters not specifically addressed in the Constitution remains with state legislatures .
Therefore the federal government has no authority whatsoever to involve itself in the abortion issue .
So while Roe v.
Wade is invalid , a federal law banning abortion across all 50 states would be equally invalid .
The notion that an all - powerful , centralized state should provide monolithic solutions to the ethical dilemmas of our times is not only misguided , but also contrary to our Constitution .
Remember , federalism was established to allow decentralized , local decision - making by states .
Today , however , we seek a federal solution for every perceived societal ill , ignoring constitutional limits on federal power .
The result is a federal state that increasingly makes all - or - nothing decisions that alienate large segments of the population .
For this Dr. Paul is said to be “ pro-choice ” and lumped in with pseudo - pro-lifers like John McCain , Sarah Palin , and George W. Bush .
Additionally , whoever created Dr. Paul ’s “ pro-life profile ” shows a profound ignorance of libertarianism , the Constitution , and the federal government .
Christianity and War a ...
Laurence M. Vance Best Price : $ 3.46 Buy New $ 5.96 ( as of 12:30 EST - Details ) Dr. Paul ’s first step in eradicating the plague of abortion from America is a simple one : remove the jurisdiction of the federal courts and the Supreme Court , as the Constitution allows in Article III .
This would take only a simple majority vote of both houses of Congress .
The self - proclaimed pro-lifers in Congress had their best chance to do this just a few years ago and blew it .
Most Republicans in Congress claim to be pro-life ; some Democrats in Congress claim to be pro-life .
Between the two parties enough votes could have been obtained to restrict the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court when the Republicans controlled the White House and both Houses of Congress — the period from January 20 , 2001 , to June 5 , 2001 , and again from January 3 , 2003 , to January 2 , 2007 .
After jurisdiction over abortion is returned to the states , pro-lifers can then begin a state - by - state campaign to criminalize abortion .
Not only is this strategy much more practical , they would be much more successful in their efforts this way .
Authority over criminal law is constitutionally retained by the states .
Unfortunately , however , Congress has federalized a host of ordinary street crimes already covered by state criminal codes .
The federal criminal code has over 4,000 separate federal offenses relating to actual crimes like arson and carjacking and spurious crimes like moving birds across state lines to engage in fights and interstate transport of unlicensed dentures .
These federal laws should all be repealed .
More federal criminal laws and more centralization of power in the federal government are the last things we need .
It ’s not a question of “ looking the other way while innocents are killed ” or “ passing the buck on the abortion question ” ; it is a question of the Constitution , the judicial system , federal power , the role of the federal government , our federal system of government , and the nature of our republic .
Pro-lifers foolishly make the mistake of elevating the issue of abortion above all others .
A candidate for office who claims to be pro-life can get a pass on just about anything else .
Yet , someone can be pro-life and statist to the core , as many pro-lifers no doubt are .
If Obama had a change of heart and began supporting the pro-life cause , he would still be a radical leftist unworthy of anyone ’s vote or support .
I submit to you that I would rather have someone in elective office who was indifferent to the abortion issue , yet was a strict constitutionalist and advocate of liberty and limited government , than the typical pro-life , red - state fascist .
To some pro-lifers it is not only the Constitution be damned , but national sovereignty be damned .
In the American Right to Life smear of Ron Paul we read this incredible statement : God gives no country , no state , no county , no city , nor any subdivision of government permission to authorize or even to tolerate the intentional killing of the innocent .
The federal and state relationship is irrelevant to the “ legalization ” of abortion .
If a neighboring country legalized the killing of Christians , Jews , children , or any class of person not convicted of a capital crime , it thereby commits an act of war that would justify invasion .
In the bizarro world of the American Right to Life , since they believe a person exists from the moment of conception , and since they consider a child in the womb just as much a person as Alan Keyes , the U. S. government would be justified in launching a worldwide crusade against abortion and invading every country that has legalized abortion — regardless of the legality of abortion in the United States .
Since the chance of the federal government or a significant number of state governments criminalizing abortion is a big , fat zero , only an appeal to religion or morality can truly stop abortion , not electing a Republican majority in Congress , not electing a Republican president so he can appoint more pro-life justices to the Supreme Court , not the federal judicial system , not amending the Constitution , not lobbying , not protests , not marches , and not by centralizing more power in Washington DC .
As Dr. Paul has well said : A pro-life culture can be built only from the ground up , person by person .
For too long we have viewed the battle as purely political , but no political victory can change a degraded culture .
A pro-life culture must arise from each of us as individuals , not by the edict of an amoral federal government .
Ron Paul is the most principled and consistent pro-life member of Congress .
Shame on American Right to Life for its assault on Ron Paul and the Constitution .
The Best of Laurence M. Vance
When I made my garlic fries the other day , I was totally bummed that I was out of ketchup .
Luckily the fries were good as is , but I decided then and there that it would be fun to challenge myself to make homemade , relatively healthy ketchup .
Generally I buy organic ketchup , because there 's no way I will eat high fructose corn syrup in my ketchup .
However , organic ketchup is expensive - and it's still a little sweet and high in calories for my taste .
I pulled out my spice rack and devised my own recipe for ketchup .
I think it 's quite good , and I love that it uses a whole real onion !
You could certainly play with this one a bit - no spice is strictly required , and I 'm curious to know what you come up with .
10 Spice Homemade Ketchup ( makes about 1 1/2 cups )
2 14 ounce cans tomato sauce
1/2 cup brown sugar ( or any sweetener you choose )
1/3 cup apple cider vinegar
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 onion , diced
1 clove garlic , minced
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground cumin
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1/4 teaspoon ground coriander
1/4 teaspoon ground allspice
1/4 teaspoon caraway seed
1/4 teaspoon celery seed
1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom
1/2 teaspoon ground yellow mustard seed
1/2 teaspoon paprika
1/2 teaspoon salt
Saute the chopped onion over medium high heat for 5 - 7 minutes until it becomes translucent .
Add in the garlic , spices , and salt and cook for a couple minutes until the spices are fragrant but not burnt .
Immediately add in the remaining ingredients .
Bring to a boil and then simmer uncooked on low heat for 2 1 / 2 to 3 hours .
The ketchup should be ketchup like in consistency , and it may be a bit darker red than you 're used to .
Puree the ketchup until it is smooth using a food processor , stand alone blender , or handheld blender .
Let cool .
Variations :
Mix up the spices how ever you 'd like .
I think some cayenne pepper would be a nice addition .
Those voices in your head may be real .
Researchers have developed technology that can project a beam of sound so narrow that only one person can hear it .
" Directed " audio sounds like it 's coming from right in front of you even when transmitted from a few hundred meters away .
Inventors of the new " ventriloquist " technology say it could provide an added dimension to entertainment .
The military , however , is investigating using it to confuse opponents or even inflict pain .
The Audio Spotlight is one of two competing audio transmission systems that emit a one - foot square column of sound that can only be heard by people in its direct path .
Joseph Pompei , a PhD student at the MIT Media Lab , decided to develop it while working at audio company Bose , which he joined at 16 as its youngest - ever engineer .
Pompei , who used to play jazz trumpet in nightclubs in Chicago , became interested in how sound systems reproduce and distribute music .
He thought it would be cool to " choreograph sound just like you would dancers on stage . "
Pompei imagined that instead of loudspeakers blaring the same cacophony of instruments to all parts of the room , it would be more interesting to selectively spotlight the soloist to the left side of the audience , while featuring the percussion up front , and then switching them around .
" Sound in real life is occurring all around you .
Regular speakers only go so far in reproducing an accurate environment , " Pompei said .
Pompei developed the first demonstration systems of the technology for installations at Sega 's Joyopolis theme park in Tokyo and the Boston Museum of Science , and he 's planning to start selling it commercially soon .
He said museums like the system because visitors who stand in front of an exhibit can hear the appropriate audio track without being distracted by sound from other displays .
The Audio Spotlight transmitters range from several inches in diameter to about 20 inches and generate a column of sound between one to three degrees wider than the transmitter .
The technology could also be used to prevent fights over the car 's radio tuner , Pompei said .
He put several Audio Spotlights in a concept truck from Chrysler , which enabled passengers to hear their own radio stations – the kids in the back seat enjoyed heavy metal while the parents relaxed to elevator music .
" It could make for much happier trips , " he said .
The Audio Spotlight converts ordinary audio into high - frequency ultrasonic signals that are outside the range of normal hearing .
As these sound waves push out from the source , they interact with air pressure to create audible sounds .
Pompei said the " non-linear " effect of air pressure modifies sound waves in a consistent fashion .
He wrote algorithms that " reverse - engineered " the desired sound waves to determine the appropriate ultrasonic source signals .
According to University of Texas professor David Blackstock , high - frequency signals are easier to focus , and control like a flashlight , than sounds that are within the human range of hearing , which disperse in all directions .
Blackstock said ultrasonic signals " decay more slowly than lower - frequency waves " so they are easier to send farther .
The Audio Spotlight emits sounds in the 60 - kilohertz range , which , according to Blackstock , is well above the 20 - KHz limit of human hearing .
Blackstock said the first experiments to use ultrasonic sounds were conducted underwater in the 1960s , and Japanese researchers made advances in the 1980s but were unable to create a commercial application for the technology .
Pompei said Audio Spotlights are currently being installed in Australia for the upcoming Fringe Festival .
Pompei started Holosonic Research Labs to sell Audio Spotlights to corporations such as Kraft and Kodak , which are in the process of integrating them into information kiosks and retail displays .
An alternative to Pompei 's invention , which also may be commercially available soon , is American Technology 's Hypersonic Sound System .
The HSS system similarly converts audio into ultrasonic sound waves , and Blackstock was impressed by a demonstration .
Blackstock said he heard a clear signal at about 100 meters , but then heard nothing by moving two steps out of the audio 's path .
" It 's remarkable , a spectacular effect . "
American Technology president Terry Conrad said the company is going into its first mass production of chips that convert the audible sounds into ultrasonic waves in February .
American Technology recently signed an agreement with the U.S. Army to develop the technology for a decidedly non-commercial use : psychological warfare .
According to American Technology CTO Jim Croft , the technology could be used to confuse opponents by making them think there was someone nearby .
Small transmitters could be kept out of sight , and ghost sounds could be bounced off " rocks or any reflective surface " to fool people into believing they were not alone .
American Technology is also working on a stronger version of the technology called Directed Stick Radiator , Croft said .
This " acoustic assault rifle " is shaped like a gun , but instead of bullets , it dispenses high - decibel sounds that would cause discomfort or even pain .
Croft said the company is developing prototypes of the debilitating weapon that could be mounted on a jeep and used for crowd control .
" It could be a very effective first - level deterrent , " he said .
Pompei , conversely , is happy to make music , not war , with his system .
He said U2's Bono is a fan of the Audio Spotlight and recently flew him to Los Angeles to measure the acoustics during a Staples Center performance .
He would prefer that others adopt his invention to returning to the stage himself .
" I make a much better scientist than musician . "
Menuspotlight Restaurant Reviews give fair idea about any recipe , menu , restaurant to the customers in their local area .
You can choose the recipe or restaurant to get the detailed menu using the form available .
Why does nobody ever die in Steven Moffat 's Doctor Who episodes ?
Does new companion Amy Pond fall in love with the Doctor ?
And how will the new Doctor surprise us ?
We asked Moffat and the show 's stars our deepest questions .
Check out the video for the full interviews , which contain a few very minor spoilers .
Here are some highlights :
Matt Smith ( The Doctor )
What 's it like playing an old man in a young man 's body ?
Fun , great fun — because I get to be the cleverest , maddest , oldest person in the universe , and I look like I do .
So it 's cool .
Advertisement
Did you change your mannerisms for the part ?
I think your mannerisms always slightly change when you 're playing any part , because somehow your body is not your own .
But in the same breath , you draw on some of your own mannerisms .
I mean , I do n't know .
Not consciously .
[ Notice at the end , he makes Waves hand in the Eleventh Doctor 's manner ] .
Advertisement
How much has the Eleventh Doctor 's character changed since you auditioned for the part ?
Oh wow , hugely .
Even from episode one to 13 .
By 13 , I 'm a different Doctor , you know .
And I get better and better , I think ...
I think we 've got a strong first step , and I think we get better and better and better — and by 12 and 13 , we 're on fire .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Can you give us a little insight into how [ the Doctor ] changes in 13 episodes ?
Well , it 's like anything artistic : the more you do something , the better you get [ and ] the more artistic you get .
And I suppose those things apply to me as an actor .
I do n't know .
I can't really because I do n't analyze it in those terms .
I hope he 's just more sure , I suppose .
Advertisement
What is the one alien you 've been most excited to act with in the Who-verse ?
The Weeping Angels are probably one of my favorites .
But I think episode six , " Vampires In Venice " because it was just six really hot vampires .
Everyday was a joy , because we had these six really hot vampires showing up for work .
Advertisement
Steven Moffat
It seems like hardly anyone ever dies in your episodes .
What is your reasoning for that ?
Advertisement
There was n't a reason .
It 's a big old coincidence that it happens , as many times .
And I 'm trying to work out when blood is first on my hands ( in the series ) .
It 's in the first episode , though it happens off screen .
Someone gets offed , and people do get offed this year .
It 's not a strategy — you could n't keep that going , you 'd be insane .
I was a bit astonished when I realized I 'd done it .
I think there 's another episode I 've done this year in which nobody dies .
But it 's not the plan .
Maybe I 'm just not that dark .
Who needs dark , it 's dark !
What was it like changing the tone , the last few episodes and specials were a bit dour .
What was it like changing it to a more family - friendly show ?
Advertisement
To be honest , that 's easy .
It sort of sprung back to its natural form .
I love the specials , but did I think we might have chased some of the kids out of the room .
So it 's good to get back to the fun and the adventure .
The Doctor is never depressed for long .
His idea of dying is getting 10 years younger and growing a bigger chin .
It 's just not that dark .
Karen Gillan ( Amy Pond )
Do you think that Amy is in love with the Doctor and why ?
I think that Amy has love for the Doctor .
I think that there is a really deep connection between these two people .
But as for romantic ?
No .
Advertisement
What type of relationship do they have ?
A very turbulent roller coaster relationship .
It 's up and down .
They drive each other up the wall , and yet they care so much about each other .
And they probably drive each other up the wall because they care so much about each other .
It 's that level of passion towards each other .
Advertisement
After the screening of the season opener , Smith , Moffat and Gillan answered questions from the audience .
Smith revealed that he drew from Albert Einstein for inspiration for his Doctor , especially the picture where the scientist 's tongue is hanging out , as he looked " quite mad . "
When the cast was grilled as to who would be the Doctor 's big original nemesis in this new series , they all smiled secretly and said that the audience had already seen " it " in the first episode .
So eyes peeled , people — the baddie who 's going to top
The Master might be making a cameo , or at least being referenced .
Moffat was mum on the Neil Gaiman - penned episode , and same goes for the second season , still he did admit that he would be open to the idea of Michael Chabon writing a future script , as the writer had recently professed his love of the series — but truthfully the idea seemed pretty new to Moffat .
The writer did admit , however , that the clock - work repair droids from his beloved " The Girl In The Fireplace " episode would not be returning , much to the dismay of one audience member .
Advertisement
When asked what historical even they 'd like to set a new Who episode around Gillan went for Woodstock , which could be really brilliant , while Smith pondered a Lost City of Atlantis episode .
Sadly , Moffat was not taking notes .
All in all the audience , which was populated by plenty of Doctor Who virgins , were very happy with Smith 's doctor .
The Tom Baker purists even remarked that the new episode reminded them of Baker 's earlier work .
Much like it did with Assassin 's Creed , Ubisoft is making a short film to help promote the upcoming Ghost Recon : Future Soldier .
This is n't a clip from that movie .
It is , instead , simply a trailer for the game .
Advertisement
As a piece of film , it 's pretty good .
As an exercise in game promotion , however , it takes the kind of work done by the Halo : ODST trailer and not only runs with it , it runs it into another timezone , doing a fantastic job of selling not only the setting and the tone , but the kind of weapons and tech to be found in the game , and even a re-assuring nod that , while Future Soldier is set in the future , it 's grounded in reality .
Advertisement
Ca n't wait to see the rest of it .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
More Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon : Future Soldier Info
In the National Survey of Families and Households conducted during the early 1990's , the average single man under 35 said he was quite willing to marry someone earning much more than he did .
He was n't as interested in marrying someone making much less than he did , and he was especially reluctant to marry a woman who was unlikely to hold a steady job .
Those findings jibe with what I 've seen .
I can't think of any friend who refused to date a woman because she made more money than he did .
When friends have married women with bigger paychecks , the only financial complaints I 've heard from them have come when a wife later decided to pursue a more meaningful -- i.e. , less lucrative -- career .
Nor can I recall hearing guys insult a man , to his face or behind his back , for making less than his wife .
The only snide comments I 've heard have come from women talking about their friends ' husbands .
I 've heard just a couple of hardened Manhattanites do that , but I would n't dismiss them as isolated reactionaries because you can see this prejudice in that national survey of singles under 35 .
The women surveyed were less willing to marry down -- marry someone with much lower earnings or less education -- than the men were to marry up .
And , in line with Jane Austen , the women were also more determined to marry up than the men were .
You may think that women 's attitudes are changing as they get more college degrees and financial independence .
A women who 's an executive can afford to marry a struggling musician .
But that does n't necessarily mean she wants to .
Studies by David Buss of the University of Texas and others have shown that women with higher incomes , far from relaxing their standards , put more emphasis on a mate 's financial resources .
.................... ENG ................
Mini Kebabs with Chickpeas Pate
Servings : 4
Calories : about 691 kcal / port .
Duration : about 10 - 12 hours chickpeas soaking , about 1 hour chickpeas cooking , 1 hour the meat marinating , 20 minutes other preparation
For chickpeas pate you need :
250g ( 1 and 2/3 cups ) of dried chickpeas
2 ½ tablespoons of butter
1 lemon juice
1 garlic clove
2 tablespoons of Tahini sesame paste
3 tablespoons of olive oil
1 teaspoon of cumin
150 ml ( about 2/3 cup ) of natural yoghurt
black pepper
salt
For mini kebabs you need :
600g ( 21 oz. ) of minced beef
1 small onion
2 teaspoons of ground sweet peppers
2 teaspoons of cumin
2 teaspoons of coriander
large bunch of fresh parsley
some fresh coriander ( optional )
black pepper
salt
Preparation :
Pour some cold water on the top of dry chickpeas and let to soak for 10 - 12 hours .
After they soak well , boil them in a salted water for about 1 hour .
Prepare the meat .
Minced beef , chopped onion and parsley , all spices , a pinch of salt put in an electric food shredder or mixer , chop till you will obtain homogeneous .
Cover the meat and put in the refrigerator to marinate for 1 hour .
Preheat the oven to maximum temperature at a grill mode .
Form small elongated shape meatballs and bake in the oven for 20 - 30 minutes until their surface roast nicely .
Mash cooked chickpeas together with yoghurt , Tahini , garlic , oil , crushed cumin , a pinch of black pepper and salt .
Place a few spoonfuls of chickpeas pate in a dish , sprinkle them with melted butter and place the baked meat on the top .
Bon appetite !
........................................... ..
about 691 kcal / port.about 10 - 12 hours chickpeas soaking , about 1 hour chickpeas cooking , 1 hour the meat marinating , 20 minutes other preparation250g ( 1 and 2/3 cups ) of dried chickpeas2 ½ tablespoons of butter1 lemon juice1 garlic clove2 tablespoons of Tahini sesame paste3 tablespoons of olive oil1 teaspoon of cumin150 ml ( about 2/3 cup ) of natural yoghurtblack peppersalt600g ( 21 oz. ) of minced beef1 small onion2 teaspoons of ground sweet peppers2 teaspoons of cumin2 teaspoons of corianderlarge bunch of fresh parsleysome fresh coriander ( optional ) black peppersaltPour some cold water on the top of dry chickpeas and let to soak for 10 - 12 hours .
After they soak well , boil them in a salted water for about 1 hour .
Minced beef , chopped onion and parsley , all spices , a pinch of salt put in an electric food shredder or mixer , chop till you will obtain homogeneous .
Cover the meat and put in the refrigerator to marinate for 1 hour .
Preheat the oven to maximum temperature at a grill mode .
Form small elongated shape meatballs and bake in the oven for 20 - 30 minutes until their surface roast nicely .
Mash cooked chickpeas together with yoghurt , Tahini , garlic , oil , crushed cumin , a pinch of black pepper and salt .
Place a few spoonfuls of chickpeas pate in a dish , sprinkle them with melted butter and place the baked meat on the top .
Bon appetite !
.................... ITA ................
Mini -kebab con patè di ceci
Dosi : 4
Calorie : circa 691 kcal / porz .
Durata : circa 10 - 12 ore per l'ammollo dei ceci , circa 1 ora per la cottura dei ceci , 1 ora per la marinatura della carne , 20 minuti per altre preparazioni
Per il patè di ceci è necessario :
250g di ceci secchi
2 cucchiai e mezzo di burro
succo di 1 limone
1 spicchio d'aglio
2 cucchiai di pasta di sesamo Tahini
3 cucchiai di olio d'oliva
1 cucchiaino di cumino
150 ml di yogurt naturale
pepe nero
sale
Per i mini-kebab è necessario :
600g di carne bovina macinata
1 cipolla piccola
2 cucchiaini di paprika dolce
2 cucchiaini di cumino
2 cucchiaini di coriandolo
1 mazzetto di prezzemolo fresco
coriandolo fresco ( opzionale )
pepe nero
sale
Preparazione : Versare acqua fredda sui ceci secchi e lasciare in ammollo per 10 - 12 ore .
Trascorso tale periodo , far bollire in abbondante acqua salata per circa 1 ora .
Preparare la carne .
Mettere la carne macinata , la cipolla tritata , il prezzemolo , tutte le spezie e un pizzico di sale in un trituratore elettrico o in un mixer , ed azionare finché otterrete una pasta omogenea .
Coprire la carne e mettere in frigorifero a marinare per 1 ora .
Preriscaldare il forno a temperatura massima in modalità grill .
Forgiare delle piccole polpette di forma allungata e cuocere in forno per 20 - 30 minuti fino a quando la loro superficie non appare ben rosolata .
Mescolare i ceci cotti con yogurt , salsa Tahini , aglio , olio , cumino tritato , un pizzico di pepe nero e sale .
Porre qualche cucchiaiata di patè di ceci in un piatto , cospargere con burro fuso e posizionare la carne sulla parte superiore .
Buon appetito !
............................................
Research at the University of Alberta shows that when a thin person is seen lying down watching television , people assume they 're resting .
But when people see an overweight person relaxing , it 's automatically assumed they 're lazy and unmotivated .
Tanya Berry , from the U of A's Faculty of Physical Education and Recreation , says these stereotypes about overweight people need to be addressed .
Berry says just because a person is overweight , it does n't mean they do n't exercise , and just because a person is thin , it does n't mean they are fit and healthy .
Berry had a group of study participants look at a number of pictures that would flash on a computer screen .
After each photo a sedentary word such as " lazy " would appear .
After the participants looked at each picture they were asked to say the colour of each word .
Berry says when a picture of a thin " couch potato " came up , the participants were quick to say the colour of the word that appeared .
But when a photo of an overweight person lying down appeared , the study participants paused .
Berry concluded that the slow reaction resulted as the stereotyped thoughts automatically set in , with the participant thinking about the person being lazy rather than thinking about the colour of the word .
Berry says the research is important because stereotypes can influence the way people behave .
She believes that more awareness of stereotypes can help people counter the effects .
For example , if you 're aware that you hold a stereotype about a couch potato you 're less likely to be negatively influenced by those stereotypes .
If you ca n’t beat them , join them .
After nearly a year battling President Barack Obama and congressional Democrats over the health care overhaul , the insurance industry says it wo n’t block the administration ’s efforts to fix a potentially embarrassing glitch in the new law .
In a letter to Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , the industry ’s top lobbyist said Monday insurers will accept new regulations to dispel uncertainty over a much - publicized guarantee that children with medical problems can get coverage starting this year .
ADVERTISEMENT
Quick resolution of the doubts was a win for Obama Ã¢â‚¬â€  and a sign that the industry has no stomach for another war of words with a president who deftly used double - digit rate hikes by the companies to revive his sweeping health care legislation from near collapse in Congress .
“ Health plans recognize the significant hardship that a family faces when they are unable to obtain coverage for a child with a pre-existing condition , ” Karen Ignagni , president of America ’s Health Insurance Plans , said in a letter to Sebelius .
Ignagni said that the industry will “ fully comply ” with the regulations , expected within weeks .
The industry still has plenty of other objections to the new health care law , including concerns that it will raise premiums and skepticism that it will achieve its stated aim of covering 95 percent of eligible Americans .
On coverage for kids , however , there will be no quibbling .
Ignagni ’s letter to the administration followed a sternly worded missive from Sebelius to the industry earlier in the day .
The administration ’s top health care official forcefully tried to put an end to questions about the law ’s intent and wording .
“ Health insurance reform is designed to prevent any child from being denied coverage because he or she has a pre-existing condition , ” Sebelius wrote to Ignagni .
“ Now is not the time to search for nonexistent loopholes that preserve a broken system . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Sebelius specified that a child with a pre-existing medical problem may not be denied access to parents ’ coverage under the new law .
Furthermore , insurers will not be able to insure a child but exclude treatments for a particular medical problem .
“ The term ‘ pre- existing condition exclusion ’ applies to both a child ’s access to a plan and his or her benefits once he or she is in the plan , ” Sebelius wrote .
The new protections will be available starting in September , she said .
The fine print of the law was less than completely clear on whether kids with health problems were guaranteed coverage starting this year Ã¢â‚¬â€ as Obama had repeatedly claimed in extolling the legislation that he signed last week .
ADVERTISEMENT
If the problem had persisted , some parents and their children may have had to wait a long time for coverage .
The law ’s broad ban on denying coverage to any person on account of a health condition does n’t take effect until 2014 .
The problem on the issue of covering kids was that the law could also be interpreted in a more limited way .
ADVERTISEMENT
Narrowly read , it seemed to say that if an insurance company accepts a particular child , it cannot write a policy for a child that excludes coverage for a given condition .
For example , if the child has asthma , the insurer cannot exclude inhalers and respiratory care from coverage , as sometimes happens now .
But that meant the company could still turn down the child altogether .
Indeed , House and Senate staffers on two committees that wrote the legislation said last week it stopped short of an ironclad guarantee .
House leaders later issued a statement saying their intent in writing the legislation was to provide full protection .
StereoPhoto Maker ( English )
French , German , Japanese
StereoPhoto Maker ( SPM ) functions as a versatile stereo image editor \ viewer and can automatically batch - align hundreds of images and mount them to the ' window ' .
It may be run on all versions of Windows and PowerPC and Intel Macs ( with emulation or virtual - machine software ) .
StereoPhoto Maker on Mac ( for Mac OS Sierra )
It also allows users with no knowledge of HTML to create WebPages using the ' StereoPhotoViewer Applet ' .
You simply upload the contents of the applet - project to a Server using a freeware FTP program .
More experienced users can create the entire webpage themselves or amend the file produced by SPM .
StereoPhoto Maker Pro Newly released ( 20 / May/2020 )
I think the conventional version ( 32 bit ) is more stable , but the Pro version ( 64 bit ) has cooler icons and can handle larger images .
If you have any feedback on the StereoPhoto Maker , please post it on this board .
Download ;
StereoPhoto Maker Pro ( 64bit ) Ver6.09 2924 KByte 28/Sep/2020
StereoPhoto Maker ( 32 bit ) Ver6.09 1726 KByte 28/Sep/2020
StereoPhoto Maker Ver4.34 include help file 24429 KByte 10/JUL/2011
Online help
A very useful ' SPM Beginner 's Guide ' , ' BeginnersSPMGuideIllustrated_FujiW1_V3 ' and ' SPM Clone Tool Instructions ' has kindly been provided by David Starkman , and ' Stereo Cards ( ProShow ) ' or ' Stereo Cards ( PDF ) ' by David Kuntz , and ' An illustrated Beginner 's Guide to StereoPhotoMaker ' by ©StereoDoro .
Ver6.08->6.09
- Improvement of the problem that the Multi Conversion dialog is not fully displayed on the low resolution screen of a notebook PC , etc .
- Added " Can specify an cropping area from outside the image " option to the Free Cropping Option
Ver6.07->6.08
- RED Hydrogen
One camera image loading support ( Left image + depth , Right image + depth or Left and right images )
- Added the ability to create 2x2 tiles from 4 parallax images for RED Hydrogen One
Tutorial on Youtube
Ver6.06->6.07
Improved performance and preserved settings for stereo video playback
Editing / displaying 3D video in Stereo Photo Maker ( SPM )
Ver6.05->6.06
Added a conversion function from frame - packing 3D video to half - SBS format
With this addition , you can now play back 3D videos ( MTS ) shot with Panasonic 3D1 or 3D180 videos shot with Insta360 Evo and created in Insta Studio using SPM for stereo video playback .
Ver6.04->6.05
Added the function of creating a 3D movie / still image viewer web application Youtube instruction
Added stereo video preview featureYoutube instruction
The video preview feature of SPM uses IE components .
You can play the video in stereo if IE can display both sides of the video , but unfortunately , this preview does n't work for the video that only plays one side of the video .
IE seems to show only one side of the image if it examines the file and finds it to be 3D .
It 's totally troubling .
Ver6.03->6.04
Fixed a problem that the file name sequential numbered still image could not be converted to video when the width was an odd number .
Also , resizing has been enabled .
Added the ability to specify the start time when extracting audio from a video
In order to use the movie function with StereoPhoto Maker ( SPM ) , it is necessary to put ffmpeg.exe in the SPM folder .
Download FFmpeg ( official site )
FFmpeg Builds
Ver6.02->6.03
Fixed a problem that could not be converted when you select only one file to convert the selected file in multi-conversion .
Ver6.01->6.02
Minor bug-fix
Ver6.00->6.01
Fixed a bug that only half of the files are processed when ' Multi job ' is checked in ' multi conversion ' .
Ver5.52->6.00
StereoPhoto Maker Pro ( 64 bit ) newly released
Added mirror mode to HTML5 stereo viewer .
Ver5.50->5.52
- Add " Force square " option to Image with border setting
- Made it possible to activate image with border with the tool button
- Added black and white binarization
Ver5.41->5.50
Up to now , the maximum number of files that can be processed by multi-conversion was 2500 .
This version removes this limitation .
( Internally , it 's a big change .
If you find a problem please let me know )
Ver5.40->5.41
Added " Image with border ( SBS , LR / RL , L - R - L ) " as a new stereo display format
Ver5.31b->5.40
Add " Round Corners " and " Fuzzy gradient " options in " MENU ->
File -> Save Universal View -> Border setting "
Make German version by Werner Bloos
more history ...
Great thanks to David Sykes for the English - language documentation .
Samples ;
Stereo Photo Samples 1
Stereo Photo Samples 2
Popup Anaglyph Samples
Auto Alignment Sample Images
Editing / displaying 3D video in Stereo Photo Maker ( SPM )
Auto Alignment ( autopano )
Batch Auto Alignment of Stereo Pairs using Autopano or Autopano- sift
Create ' wobble ' or ' wiggle ' animated GIF's
Associating with InternetExplorer
How to create Popup Anaglyph
Using twinned - cameras with SPM
Running two Instances of ' Open Image file list '
' Add Overlay Image ' feature
Viewing Mirrored Images with Single Monitor
Print Stereo Card ...
Alignment mode
Resampling mode
No Jpeg Compression Ghosting for Anaglyph
Automatically adjusts an image to the color / brightness
HSL ( hue , saturation , lightness ) color - adjustment mode
Most stereo- viewing methods are supported together with a monoscopic mode :-
- Autostereoscopic displays using vertical interlacing
- IZ3D monitor , Sharp 3D LCD , 3D DLP TV .
- Single 2D image ( useful for saving or printing )
- Freeviewing ( Parallel - eyed or Cross- eyed )
- Color anaglyphs or Grayscale anaglyphs ( red-cyan , red - green , red - blue , yellow - blue with gamma correction )
- Liquid Crystal Shutter Glasses ( horizontal or vertical Interlacing or Page Flipping ) currently requires Winx3D , the NVidia Stereo Driver , NVidia 3D Vision or a graphics card supporting quad - buffered OpenGL .
Winx3D is no longer available from the original website .
This was discussed on ' stereo3d ' forum and a Link given for the archived documentation .
Alternatively , RivaTuner may be used to patch an NVidia GeForce to a ' Quadro ' making OpenGL stereo and other ' professional ' features available .
OpenGL stereo is the only mode that lets you display a stereo image in a normal window .
You can open multiple instances of SPM to create many stereo windows that may be aligned , moved or resized .
For the NVidia link , ensure your browser Java - scripting is enabled and in the three columns
select ' Consumer3D Stereo ' , ' All Graphics Cards ' and ' Windows98 / ME/2000 / XP 'before clicking ' Go ! ' .
You can also download the NVidia Stereo User Guide .
Run the NVidia tests to determine the fastest refresh - rate for your monitor at each required screen - resolution .
Runtime Options
SPM may be opened from it 's Icon , a shortcut , dragging - and - dropping an image or image - pair onto the icon or already - opened window , from a batch - file or by file - extension association .
Associate a file extension with SPM and open in a window or fullscreen with preferred viewing mode .
Command - line options allow you to specify an image or an image - pair or start a slideshow .
The SPM Program - window may be maximised on startup if desired .
Image Viewing
Support for MPO files , as used by the Fuji Real 3D digital stereo camera .
User - defined grid-overlay in all stereo viewing modes except page - flipping .
Create 360 degree stereo panoramas using a single rotating real or virtual camera
Auto - scrolling of horizontal and vertical stereo Panoramas .
See animation
Continuous rotation of 360 degree stereo panoramas ( without requiring quad - buffered OpenGL graphic - card )
Use a household mirror to encourage the general public to enjoy stereo images without freeviewing or anaglyph glasses
Select screen background color
Define a tricolor image - border and Show / Hide it from the toolbar
Add stereo , drop - shadow text to image
Add a stereo logo to the image
Save / restore all settings associated with a default text ( such as a © Copyright notice )
Save / restore all settings associated with a default logo
Zoom In and Zoom Out ( operated with mouse wheel ) with resampling OFF ( for speed ) or ON ( for image quality ) .
Image Scroll ( operated with mouse drag )
Left - Right Image swap
View vertical panoramas of planetary surfaces
Support for a two or three - button mouse
Image Manipulation
Project stereo image onto a sphere .
Single or multiple floating windows to reduce anaglyph ghosting problems
Create images for display on 3D - ready DLP TV's .
Clone brush to adjust stereo depth of incorrectly positioned features .
Automatically align and correct stereo - pairs and mount them to the window .
Automatic cropping of blank space after certain Easy Adjustment operations .
Image may be corrected for vertical disparity error with a resolution of one pixel and positioned in stereo - space .
Reduced ghosting for anaglyphs using realtime Lab and RGB color - space controls .
Manual color - adjustment in realtime using HSL color - space .
Work on entire color - range or just a particular hue .
Fuzzy Borders may be added to reduce retinal - rivalry caused by stereo - window violations .
Automatically adjust the brightness / color of one image to a correctly - exposed reference image .
Define a pair of homologous points that SPM will automatically position at the stereo - window , correcting any vertical error .
Add Overlay Image to your background for decorative framing or simple stereo - compositing .
Create a Popup Anaglyph still - image or object - movie for print or flat - screen viewing .
Custom Optimization of Anaglyph R , G , B mixing and contrast .
Save and Restore Custom optimized anaglyph parameters .
Save a JPG anaglyph with no compression ghosting .
One or both images may be mirrored horizontally or flipped vertically to accomodate any custom / commercial taking and viewing equipment .
Image frame may be rotated 90 degrees left or 90 degrees right or image - pair may be rotated within frame by any angle .
Hue , saturation , lightness and gamma of the individual images may be altered .
The images may be sharpened
Crop the image to any size or to one of five custom - sizes
Crop the image to a user - defined aspect-ratio
Accurately crop large , zoomed - in images ( such as panoramas )
Resize using pixel - resize or bilinear interpolation , retaining aspect - ratio if desired
Resize image in fine increments of 0.1 % ( useful when using cameras in tandem or correcting lens mismatch ) .
When resizing , retain aspect - ratio with or without a border
Automatic correction of image - rotation errors
Manual correction of image ' keystone ' errors .
Manual correction of barrel - distortion , especially in wide - angle lenses
Overlay a user - defined grid on images in Easy Adjustment mode
Edge-detection filter to simplify image - correction or for creating a pictorial effect
Alignment information may be saved in SPM's own uncompressed DAS file - format
Mosaic image - strips ( produced by a stereo , virtual camera in 3D Rendering programs ) into panoramic images
Batch Processing
Universal Freeview L- R - L to provide website visitors with parallel and cross-eyed viewing options .
Convert MPO files ( as used by the Fuji Real 3D digital stereo camera ) into other formats for alternative viewing methods .
Extract the separate left / right images from MPO files .
Convert existing JPG images to MPO files for viewing on Fuji W1 camera or V1 viewer .
Dual processor support
Formating of images for digital projection .
Lossless Creation of LRL or RLR side - by - sides triplets from existing JPG images .
Fully - automatic correction and mounting to the window of hundreds of images , including support for dual - core processors .
Correction of barrel - distortion using previously - determined parameters for a particular focal - length .
Lossless Jpeg Multi Conversion applies swapping , joining and rotation to JPG images completely without loss .
Embed a correctly - orientated thumbnail image in saved JPG images so that ' Windows Explorer ' displays them properly .
Multiconvert multiple left / right files to SPM's own uncompressed DAS format .
Use the clipboard to copy or move your favorite images between folders .
Quickly scan a folder of images in your chosen stereo viewing - mode and delete selected ones or copy or move them to a chosen folder .
Automatic Color Adjustment .
Open the contents of two folders in separate , side - by - side windows and synchronously scroll the columns for stereo - comparison .
The columns may be single or multiple - image wide .
Embed Exif orientation tag in any JPG image ( digicam or scanned film ) from twinned cameras
Correct Loreo ' Lens - in - a- cap ( LIAC ) ' images .
Add /Delete or restore a thumbnail to existing JPEG images for fast folder preview
An efficient Batch Processing Workflow allows you to quickly generate numerous stereo formats in various file - types .
Add stereo text ( such as a Copyright notice ) to individual or batch images and against a colored banner .
Add colored drop - shadow to text for greater visibility with some images
Overlay custom
Logo directly on image or on a colored banner - zone and with transparency .
Batch Stereo - Format Conversion
Add tricolor borders to Save 'd images in a different style to screen borders
Batch generation of stereo images from alignment - corrected browsed images .
Multi-rename all or selected image files in a folder
Full renaming of digital camera files with option to retain original frame - number
Slideshow Functions
Slide - Show Script automatically created using images from current folder
Create a custom slide - show with mixed stereo - formats and optional sound
Create a runtime slide - show package that users can easily start with a click of the mouse
Printing
Print your image actual - size or fitted - to - paper and automatically centered .
Add tricolor borders to the printed image in a different style to screen borders
Print ( or save ) stereo cards in custom - format or ' Classical ' ( Victorian round - top frame and sepia toning if desired ) .
Stereo - card images saved - to - disk may be printed as standard sizes ( 4x6 , 4x7inches ) by photo labs .
These will be suitable for Argus / Loreo and Holmes viewers .
Print multiple cards on a single sheet , mixing custom and classic if desired .
Print multiple images in various stereo - formats on a single sheet , including stereo cards if desired .
Canvas size feature allows you to save stereo - card image of defined size for later printing .
This allows you , for example , to print a 6 " x4 " card even if your printer does not support that paper size .
The entire fullpage background may be in a chosen color , not just the stereo - card background .
Other Functions
Capture stereo Google Earth images .
Add geographical data to image EXIF tag and jump to that location in Google Maps or Google Earth .
Up to 100 Undo / Redo operations .
Create wiggle / wobble Animated GIF 's for unaided viewing and not requiring free - viewing ability .
Save BMP , GIF , animated GIF , TIF and PNG images with reduced colors to lessen file - size .
Rename images , retaining original numeric index if desired .
Display file properties and copy to clipboard .
Customize the initial , stereo , single - image or image file - list toolbars .
Add / Remove ' Open with SPM ' to Internet Explorer 's anchor and image context menus .
Creation of WebPages that use ' StereoPhotoViewer Applet ' to display slideshows in a popup window or embedded in the page .
Fast preview of folder images as thumbnails and option to copy , move or delete selected images to existing or new folder .
Create an HTML file with Java Applet Stereo - Viewer support .
Create a stereo image for your NTT DoCoMo SH251is and SH505i mobile phones
Run an external programme to edit your images and then return them to SPM
Copy and Paste images to and from external applications
etc ...
Operating System
Windows98SE/Me/2000/XP
Supported Image File Types
JPEG / BMP /TIFF /PNG / GIF / Susie Plug-in
Screen Shot ;
Main Window
Easy Adjustment Dialog
Licence for ' StereoPhoto Maker '
' StereoPhoto Maker ' is Freeware and may not be included with any commercial products .
Licenses are not issued and distribution on CD is not permitted .
Customised versions for commercial use are not available .
You use the software at your own risk and no responsibility is taken for damage to person , software or hardware .
Masuji SUTO
TUCSON - As her second - grade students take out their lunches , teacher Leticia Moreno quickly spots two with forbidden food - a burrito and quesadilla made with white flour tortillas .
" I will get them peanut butter and honey on whole wheat , " Moreno says , taking away the offending meals .
Moreno is a teacher at the Children 's Success Academy , a 10 - year - old school on Tucson 's south side for children in kindergarten through the fifth grade .
The school is unique for its food rules - it bans not only white flour , but refined sugar and anything it defines as processed food .
" It has to say 100 percent juice .
If it just says natural , ' that 's not allowed , " 8 - year - old third - grader Jacob Price says as he bites into an apple .
" I wish we could bring more kinds of food .
I like Oreos . "
But Oreos will never blight the Children 's Success Academy as long as school director and founder Nanci Aiken is in charge .
Aiken , a scientist who holds a doctorate in cell physiology and once worked as a cancer researcher at the Arizona Cancer Center and Johns Hopkins Medical School , is an unabashed food cop .
" I feel like the Wicked Witch of the West a lot of times , but it makes such a big difference , " says Aiken , who is also president of the governing board for Tucson 's El Rio Community Health Center - Arizona 's oldest and largest community health center .
" When you eat sugar , especially by itself like a candy bar , you get a rush and crash .
An apple will not give you instant gratification or a rush , but it lasts longer , " Aiken says .
" An apple and a piece of cheese is ideal - your blood sugar will go up gradually and then will go down gradually over a period of hours . "
The rules seem drastic to many parents sending their children to the school for the first time .
Since the school has no cafeteria , all students must bring their own lunch .
" It is challenging mainly because in grocery stores it 's so hard to find anything without sugar .
When you look at the label , so many things are n't allowed , " says Breanna Chacon , 30 , who has two children at the school .
" It really does make a difference .
It balances them out , " says teaching assistant Isabelle Medeiros as she confiscates a student 's packaged Ritz crackers and cheese spread .
" I will send this home with a note , explaining why it is n't allowed . "
The school 's emergency food supply of " yes " foods like peanut butter and honey is provided through donations and fundraisers .
Among the " no " foods : flavored yogurt , canned fruit , American cheese , processed meats , white bread , peanut butter made with sugar , and virtually all packaged crackers except Triscuits , because they are baked with whole grain .
Not everyone supports such extreme food rules - especially if they extend to the home .
" There are all kinds of emotional and behavioral problems that can happen if you tell a child to never , ever eat a cookie .
They may do just the opposite once they are at a rebellious stage , " says registered dietitian Nancy Rogers , coordinator of the Worksite Wellness Program for the University of Arizona 's UA Life & Work Connections .
" Food is in such abundance here .
It 's not like living on an island where you are never going to see an Oreo .
You want to train kids to make good choices to keep their bodies healthy . "
Rogers recommends moderation .
Sugar is not bad in small amounts , she notes .
It 's a carbohydrate that is burned for energy .
" The studies do n't substantiate that additives or preservatives would cause behavioral problems in children .
However , there is anecdotal evidence , " Rogers says of Aiken 's approach .
" If the parents are wanting to try it , there 's no harm in that . "
Aiken does not relent .
Not for Halloween nor Valentine 's Day .
Not even birthdays .
" I always say no .
It makes them think and be more creative , " Aiken says .
" You do n't need a cake .
They can have nuts , or fruit . "
If all U.S. families followed her school 's food rules , Aiken believes , childhood obesity would be a rare problem .
" There is also the physical activity aspect to consider , " she says .
" However , it is much more difficult to become obese by overeating fruits and veggies . "
Preventing obesity is only one reason behind Aiken 's rules .
Overall health is the key factor - particularly for children who , like many of her students , have behavior problems .
Andreina Barrios , 6 , often brings plain unflavored Fritos corn chips , which are a " yes " food because it 's a whole - grain food .
One recent lunch included scrambled eggs wrapped in a whole - wheat tortilla , as well as water and tomato juice .
Her classmate , 5 - year - old Luz Michel , brought whole - wheat noodles , plain chips , juice and sliced peaches .
" We are what we eat .
It 's true , " Aiken says .
" If you buy a new car you are n't going to put sand in the gas tank .
Why would you want to do that to your body ? "
Unlike finicky fingerprints and frowned - upon fiber analysis , DNA evidence has been the most bulletproof evidence for forensic sciences in recent years .
But staffers at a research firm in Israel have recently upended the presumed infallibility of this forensics golden child — by making it themselves .
Nucleix , a Tel - Aviv - based life sciences company , was able to create credible DNA evidence that could be used to finger the wrong person , proof that even genetic evidence can be manipulated ( beyond planting a hair or used cigarette ) just like other physical traces .
" You can just engineer a crime scene , " Nucleix founder Dan Frumkin told The New York Times .
" The current forensic procedure fails to distinguish between such samples of blood , saliva , and touched surfaces with artificial DNA , and corresponding samples with in vivo generated ( natural ) DNA , " Frumkin and co-authors wrote in a recent Forensic Science International : Genetics study that announced the technological achievement .
But , do n't worry , like a hacker taking down servers to sell cyber security services , Nucleix has a fix : a system that can detect the difference between natural and manufactured DNA .
It looks for a lack of methylation ; an addition of methyl groups to DNA occurs naturally in genetic code , but it is n't found in Nucleix 's manipulated DNA .
To make the fake DNA , all the researchers needed was a small sample of the DNA they wanted to plant ( such as that from hair or lingering in saliva left on a discarded coffee cup ) and blood from a donor .
Donor blood was centrifuged to separate DNA - containing white cells and DNA - free red cells .
The researchers then expanded the filched DNA into a larger sample size via whole genome amplification and added it to the DNA - free red blood cells from the donor .
Poof !
Blood that matched the genetic profile of the person to be framed — not the donor — was created .
Nucleix was also able to replicate a deceptive double helix just by working off genetic profiles in a police database .
Building a small collection of common genetic variations — 425 — for different genome points , they were able to drum up a fabricated sample .
" Any biology undergraduate could perform this , " Frumkin told the Times .
Of course , others are voicing doubts that many criminals could replicate such technical processes .
" In my experience , the people that we arrest for murder , rape , robbery , child molestation , generally do n't have a very good foundation in molecular biology , " legal analyst Dean Johnson told San Francisco 's ABC News 7 .
But , notes Johnson , in a " real stretch , " attorneys could employ these findings to argue against the use of DNA evidence in court .
In the meantime , concern about disproportionate trust of DNA testing is mounting , notes American Civil Liberties Union science adviser Tania Simoncelli .
" DNA is a lot easier to plant at a crime scene than fingerprints , " she told the Times .
" We 're creating a criminal justice system that is increasingly relying on this technology . "
Image courtesy of iStockphoto / danishkhan
" ... Tolkien believed that all good people could come together on the same side .
This is one of the biggest questions that humanity faces : can we have a world consensus by which we 're all partners in finding a solution ?
Or , like the Hoarde vs Alliance situation in WoW , are we doomed to be in separate factions competing ultimately to the death ?
It touches on very serious issues but in a playful way . "
People have used cards , sticks , coins , bones , and heavenly bodies for hundreds of years trying to divine the future .
Many of these past - times , such as the Chinese I Ching , the Tarot and astrology live on .
People are almost obsessed with knowing the outcome of the future , both in the short term and in the long term , and this includes scientists .
Sociologist William Bainbridge uses a non-traditional method of divining the future .
He studies human behaviour in on - line virtual reality games , such as World of Warcraft , to look at societal belief systems and to forecast the future of human beliefs .
Bainbridge notes alternative reality games like World of Warcraft can answer real - life questions through play because the game deals with current real - life issues .
In an interview with New Scientist reporter , Samantha Murphy , Bainbridge likened World of Warcraft to Tolkein 's Lord of the Rings , saying Dr. Jane McGonigal has taken questions like these and created an alternate reality game that aims to change the real world .
Evoke is a short - term game in which creators hope to impart skill sets on players -- real skills that can be applied in the real world .
Evoke takes gamers through ten weeks of set goals to achieve , and at the end of the game , players will have viable business ideas and will be matched up with mentors -- all with the idea of changing the real world .
The game got underway earlier this month .
Bainbridge wrote alternate reality games " foreshadow future developments , " including sociological research .
Bainbridge has hosted a three - day science symposium in World of Warcraft , in which participants had to create avatars in order to participate .
The environment is perfect for sociologists , he maintains , providing an instant laboratory for researchers .
The on - line alternate world has grown tremendously over the past few years , something pundits credit to mobile technology and social media , which allows gamers to participate in huge collaborative games wherever they are .
Alternate Reality Games ( ARG for short ) have been used to promote real - life events , such as video games ( Halo 2 ) and movies ( Artificial Intelligence ) .
The ARG universe is so big , it even has its own news network Games can be big , played by thousands of people over a period of years , such as World of Warcraft , Beast , and Second Life .
ARG cam also be very small with few players .
They can be short - terms games that involve real - life activities and social networking , a format successfully used by musical group Nine Inch Nails in 2007 to promote a cd .
One game mimics registration into an institution of higher learning , Thelema College .
The " college " explores " magick " and other spiritual beliefs .
People can earn real - life money through alternate reality games , and there are many business people who create products and earn a living primarily through games like Second Life .
Evoke 's creator , Dr. Jane McGonigal , has created two other AR games that used future forecasting , or technology forecasting .
One was called Superstruct , the other called World Without Oil .
The use of games for future forecasting is a twist on mathematical models created by scientists to predict the outcomes of human behaviour .
Using ARG constructs for forecasting might provide valuable insights into potential situational outcomes because the format allows scenario thinking
The US military uses virtual reality games to train soldiers , as does Canada .
The format has also been adapted into an educational tool for children and for those who have autism .
With the popularity of the format for both social activities and applied technology , there is speculation that the world depicted in James Cameron 's movie Avatar is not far off from reality .
Verizon CEO
Ivan Seidenberg sat down for an on - the - record conversation yesterday at the Council for Foreign Relations , and he pulled no punches : the US is number one in the world when it comes to broadband .
We 're so far ahead of everyone else , it 's " not even close . "
Given that a central piece of the National Broadband Plan was concerned with America 's poor showing on broadband metrics , this was an intriguing claim to make .
In essence , Seidenberg hauled out one of the NBP 's main reasons for existence and just kicked it in the groin .
Perhaps we do n't even need a national plan ?
Seidenberg : Anytime government — whether it's the FCC or any agency — decides it knows what the market wants and makes that a static requirement , you always lose .
So this FCC decided that speed of the network was the most important issue .
So that 's all they measured .
So they will say , if you go to Korea or you go to France , you can get a faster Internet connection .
Okay ?
That could be true in some companies — in some countries .
The facts are that , in the US , there is greater household penetration of access to the Internet than any country in Europe .
In Japan , where everybody looks at Japan as being so far ahead , they may have faster speeds , but we have higher utilization of people using the Internet .
So our view is , whenever you look at these issues , you have to be very careful to look at what the market wants , not what government says is the most important issue .
Let 's take wireless , for example .
Everybody says the European system was kind of better .
Well , that 's very interesting .
If you look at minutes of use , the average American uses their cell phone four times as much — four times as much — as the average European .
If you look at Europe , they publish penetration rates of 150 ( percent ) , 160 ( percent ) , 170 percent meaning that people have more than one phone , two phones , three phones .
You know why ?
Roaming rates are so high .
My guess is you probably have two or three different phones to carry to — to use in different countries because your roaming rates are so high .
And you say , yes .
So my point is it 's a fallacy to allow a regulatory authority to sit there and decide what 's right for the marketplace when it 's not even close .
[ WSJ executive editor Alan ]
Murray :
So on the measures that matter most to you , where does the United States rank in terms of — Seidenberg : One .
Not even close .
Murray : Number one ?
Seidenberg : Yes .
Verizon has put more fiber in from Boston to Washington than all the Western European countries combined .
All .
We have — if you look at smart phones — not us , Apple , Google — they have exploded this market in the US .
Ask any European if they 're not somewhat envious of the advancements of smartphone technology in the US .
So it just seems to me this is just not even close .
Given how mind - blowingly awesome US Internet is , one can't help but wonder why France 's Free. fr can offer a triple play of phone , TV , and Internet for € 30 a month .
Perhaps price and features , along with speed , are n't really " important " to consumers , either .
In any event , we also learned that Seidenberg has an iPad , but that he did n't stand in line for it .
Murray :
You did n't stand in line on Saturday ?
Seidenberg : No , I had somebody else stand in line .
( Laughter . )
But we had people standing in line .
Finally , if you 're a high - bandwidth user of Verizon 's smartphone data services , the company will soon hunt you down and throttle you .
( The company has long had a maximum transfer limit on monthly data plans . )
Seidenberg :
But when we now go after the very , very high users , the ones who camp on the network all day long every day doing things that — who knows what they 're doing — those are the — Murray :
It 's video , right ?
I mean , it 's video .
Seidenberg :
But those are the people we will throttle and we will find them and we will charge them something else .
Seidenberg is a colorful guy , and the interview is worth reading and watching in full .
In particular , look out for his answer to the question , " What 's a cable splicer ? "
From : ghost0reveries
2010 -04-28 01:45 am ( UTC )
Oh god I know a fat asian chick who does that all the time .
IT ALMOST RUINED SUPER SMASH BROS FOR ME :(
Edited at 2010 - 04-28 01:45 am ( UTC ) From : nodiriasama
2010-04-28 01:47 am ( UTC )
This is probably because I ate not even 15 minutes ago but I think my stomach just got queasy from having seen that .
From : jabbajibba
2010 -04-28 01:48 am ( UTC )
the fat guy seriously reminded me of my cousin ! w.o.w 24/7 From : batboy
2010-04-28 01:56 am ( UTC )
is that poo ?
From : lol_comics
2010-04-28 02:02 am ( UTC )
From : batboy
2010 -04-28 02:09 am ( UTC )
From : buggrit_1979
2010-04-28 05:36 pm ( UTC )
This will be useful to me .
Many thanks .
( no subject ) - hawaii_bombay Expand ( Deleted comment ) ( Deleted comment ) From : pathogen
2010-04-28 05:51 am ( UTC )
OH GOD ADBLOCK PLUS !
From : catinthelimehat
2010-04-28 02:57 am ( UTC )
yeaaaaaaaa lotus boob From : psychokitten76
2010 -04-28 11:47 am ( UTC )
. From : chaosoftwilight
2010-04-28 01:58 am ( UTC )
this is why i hate playing street fighter :|
From : salacious_pop
2010-04-28 01:58 am ( UTC )
Poor Chun - Li losing bowel control from a shoyruken to the face broke me , but there is something about the last panel that gets all the lulz .
His sad , desperate face .
From : ellonwye
2010 -04-28 02:09 am ( UTC )
Is Chun-Li POOPING ?
From : new_wave_witch
2010-04-28 03:12 am ( UTC )
I ALWAYS PLAY KEN CUZ HE'S THE BEST SO YOU CAN'T PLAY KEN OK YOU BE THE GIRL From : pumpkinart
2010-04-28 03:28 am ( UTC )
I just noticed that your last three comics have involved ass / pooping .
From : lol_comics
2010 -04 -28 03:30 am ( UTC )
Very unfortunately accidental trend .
From : buggrit_1979
2010-04-28 05:38 pm ( UTC )
Or is it unfortunate ...?
From : succendo
2010-04-28 03:46 am ( UTC )
More like a good 3/4ths of all of them DO HO HO From : jyrraeth
2010 -04-28 03:29 am ( UTC )
The obese experienced player establishes his dominance by passing gas .
From : rin_o
2010 -04-28 04:07 am ( UTC )
he'd better rub that superiority in while he can .
it 's pretty much the only place where anyone will feel worse than him .
in street fighter five , chin li's legs will be like giant oil barrels and she 'll use farts as super .
BLEEDING EDGE VIDEOGAME NEWS !
ONLY AT LOL - COMICS !
From : cantdrawcanswim
2010 -04-28 11:28 am ( UTC )
uggghhh this is how i feel anytime i have played fighting games since i hit my mid twenties
it means you are getting old From : marefrigoris
2010-04-28 03:11 pm ( UTC )
i love chun - li 's ginormous ass .
From : kaylamay
2010-04-28 08:24 pm ( UTC )
BUWAHAHAH From : mecampbellesq
2010 -04-30 02:24 am ( UTC )
Fucksticks like this guy are the reason I do n't play fighting games anymore ...
WASHINGTON — A senior US senator urged Attorney General Eric Holder Friday to create a task force to investigate possible criminal conduct behind the collapse of Wall Street giant Lehman Brothers .
“ I am deeply concerned about the facts that have come to light regarding the demise of Lehman Brothers and the accounting manipulation that contributed to it , ” Senate Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd wrote in a letter to Holder .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I respectfully ask you to commission a task force to investigate the Lehman situation as well as other companies that may have engaged in similar accounting manipulation with a view to prosecution of employees or agents who contributed to any violations of the law . ”
Lehman collapsed in September 2008 in the largest bankruptcy in history , triggering a financial shockwave that dragged the global economy into a painful recession that has left US unemployment stubbornly near 10 percent .
Dodd pointed to a scathing 2,200 - page report from court - appointed expert Anton Valukas who blamed the bank ’s collapse on top executives as well as audit firm Ernst & Young and banks Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase .
Valukas accused senior management of “ actionable balance sheet manipulation ” and said they oversaw and certified decisions that exacerbated Lehman ’s woes .
Dodd , who represents Connecticut , is the key author of legislation in the US Senate aimed at preventing another global financial collapse .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We must work tirelessly to reduce the incidence of financial fraud in order to restore trust and confidence in the financial markets .
A task force investigation and taking appropriate federal actions in these matters will contribute to these goals , ” he wrote .
Enlarge By Charles Dharapak , AP President Obama reaches for a pen to sign the health care bill Tuesday .
A poll finds increased support for the measure .
USA TODAY / GALLUP POLL USA TODAY / GALLUP POLL
The new health care bill : Source : USA TODAY / Gallup Poll of 1,005 adults Monday .
Margin of error : +/- 4 percentage points .
WASHINGTON  More Americans now favor than oppose the health care overhaul that President Obama signed into law Tuesday , a USA TODAY / Gallup Poll finds — a notable turnaround from surveys before the vote that showed a plurality against the legislation .
By 49 % - 40 % , those polled say it was " a good thing " rather than a bad one that Congress passed the bill .
Half describe their reaction in positive terms — as " enthusiastic " or " pleased " — while about four in 10 describe it in negative ways , as " disappointed " or " angry . "
The largest single group , 48 % , calls the legislation " a good first step " that needs to be followed by more action .
And 4 % say the bill itself makes the most important changes needed in the nation 's health care system .
" After a century of striving , after a year of debate , after a historic vote , health care reform is no longer an unmet promise , " Obama declared in a celebration at the Interior Department auditorium with members of Congress , leaders of advocacy groups and citizens whose personal stories were cited during the debate .
" It is the law of the land . "
LAWSUITS : 13 AGs sue over health bill HEALTH BILL :
How six groups will be affected BUSINESS : Employers unclear on impact
To be sure , the nation remains divided about the massive legislation that narrowly passed the House late Sunday .
Minutes after Obama signed the bill in the East Room , attorneys general from 13 states — led by Bill McCollum of Florida — sued to block the law as unconstitutional .
Virginia filed separately .
Nearly one - third of those surveyed , 31 % , say the bill makes " the wrong types of changes , " and 8 % say the health care system does n't need reform .
The poll of 1,005 adults Monday has a margin of error of +/— 4 percentage points .
The findings show receptive terrain as the White House launches efforts to sell the plan , including a trip by Obama to Iowa on Thursday .
" The political tides shifted with passage of the bill , " White House communications director Dan Pfeiffer says .
" It 's easy to demonize something large and complex in theory ; harder when it becomes law . "
No one gets overwhelmingly positive ratings on the issue , but Obama fares the best : 46 % say his work has been excellent or good ; 31 % call it poor .
For congressional Democrats , 32 % call their efforts on health care excellent or good ; 33 % poor .
Congressional Republicans , all of whom voted against the bill , are viewed more negatively .
Although 26 % of those surveyed rate the GOP 's effort as excellent or good , 34 % say it has been poor .
Republicans vow to stall a final package of fixes to the bill now being debated in the Senate .
In the new USA TODAY survey and one taken a month ago , the biggest shift toward support of the bill was among low - income Americans , minorities and those under 40 .
That has created a yawning age divide : A solid majority of seniors oppose the bill ; a solid majority of those younger than 40 favor it .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Announcing a robust datastore bulk update utility for App Engine
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under app-engine , python , coding , tech , bulkupdate , datastore
Note :
This library is deprecated in favor of appengine - mapreduce , which is now bundled with the SDK .
I 'm pleased to announce the release of bulkupdate , an unoriginally - named library for the App Engine Python runtime that facilitates doing bulk operations on datastore data .
With bulkupdate , simple operations like bulk re-puts and bulk deletes are trivial , while more complex operations like schema transitions or even emailing all your users become much simpler .
The basic operation of bulkupdate is very similar to the ' map ' phase of the well known ' mapreduce ' pattern .
To use it , you create a subclass of the ' Bulkupdater ' class , and define two methods : get_query ( ) , which returns the query to execute , and handle_entity ( ) , which is called once for each entity returned by the query .
For example , suppose you want to write a daily task that sends an XMPP message to everyone with new activity on their accounts - the updater class would look something like this :
class ActivityNotifier ( bulkupdate.BulkUpdater ) : def __init__( self , date_threshold ) : self.date_threshold = date_threshold def get_query ( self ) : return UserAccount.all ( ) .filter (' last_update >' , self.date_threshold ) def handle_entity ( self , user ) : if user.unread_messages > 0 : xmpp.send_message(user.jid , " You have %s unread messages ! " % user.unread_messages )
Running the job is even simpler - you simply do something like this from inside a cron job :
job = ActivityNotifier( datetime.datetime.now ( ) - datetime.timedelta( days=1 ) ) job.start ( )
The bulkupdate framework takes care of the rest , running tasks on the task queue , and automatically chaining new ones when necessary .
The real value of the library becomes apparrent when you consider the need to monitor and debug jobs .
The bulkupdate library handles this by providing an admin interface , allowing you to list current and past jobs , show statistics on them , and even cancel or delete them .
Here 's an example of the current version of the admin console for one of our jobs :
As you can see , along with general statistics , the console captures stacktraces from any failed instances .
Updaters can also log information using self.log , which gets recorded to the same log , and made available on the admin interface , as you can see above .
This is an invaluable tool for outputting diagnostic information on the progress or contents of a bulkupdate job .
The bulkupdate library is still a work in progress , but it 's fully functional and ready to be used today .
Check out the documentation on the main bulkupdate page for more on how to get started .
Will you use this library ?
Do you have a special job in mind for it , or a feature request ?
Let me know in the comments !
Disqus
About
Brian Peppers was a sex offender from Ohio whose hard - to - believe photo was widely circulated on the Internet in 2005 .
While it was initially suspected to be fake , online sleuths Snopes.com were able to confirm the photo's authenticity with Ohio authorities .
Snopes even managed to dig up some photos of Brian in highschool
Snopes also suggests that Peppers ' unusual appearance may be due to " a condition such as Apert 's Syndrome or Crouzon 's Syndrome . "
Spread
The photo of B - Peps followed a typical memetic path of photoshoppery , " OMG WTF " and " stop being so mean , " culminating in Jimbo Wales banning Brian Peppers from Wikipedia .
On YTMND we would see numerous excellent pages for the fad , and the infamous ' Allen Peppers incident ' , which turned out to be fake .
Notable links
Brian Peppers would set the bar high for sex - offender memes to come ( e.g. Pedobear )
Crimes
Peppers was sentenced to 30 days in jail with 5 years probation in 1998 for the crime of " Gross Sexual Imposition . "
Allegedly he groped a nurse on at least 2 occasions .
Search Trending
" brian peppers "
IMAGINE
A country in which entry to a major profession is subject to a test of one ’s private beliefs .
A Soviet satellite in the old eastern bloc ?
Iran ?
Saudi Arabia ?
How about Ireland ?
Welcome to the Republic .
Last week ’s Irish Timespoll brought the welcome news that 61 per cent of people no longer support the control of our primary education system by the Catholic Church .
One thing that has been left out of the debate , however , is the stark reality that no one can train to be a primary teacher in Ireland unless he or she is either a believing Christian or is prepared to pretend to be so .
In December , a graduate wrote to the registrar of St Patrick ’s College , Dublin , asking about applying for the State - funded postgraduate course in primary teaching .
The qualification is from a public institution , Dublin City University .
She wrote : “ I am . . . of no particular faith and am concerned about the religious requirements for entry into a Catholic college .
I am unsure if the college accepts applications from non-Catholics and would be very grateful for clarification on this issue .
If this is the case , I would also be grateful for clarification on whether it is obligatory for non-faith students to complete the diploma in religious education and teach religion as part of their teaching practice . ”
She received a very nice letter assuring her that non-Catholics could indeed apply , but stressing that “ students on the course are required to take all the programme modules and these include modules on religious education in primary schools ” .
The solution , you might think , would be to apply to another teacher - training course .
The fact is , though , that every single course in Ireland is run by a Christian college , and obliges every single student to both learn and teach Christian doctrine .
There are seven teacher training colleges , all of them funded by the State .
St Patrick ’s defines itself as a “ community of learning in which Catholic religious values and equity are promoted ” .
It adds that “ the college recognises its duty in preparing teachers to teach the Catholic faith in Catholic schools ” .
Mary Immaculate College in Limerick declares itself on its website to be “ Ireland ’s largest Catholic college ” .
Froebel College in Dublin defines itself as a “ Catholic College , under the trusteeship of the Congregation of Dominican Sisters ” .
St Angela ’s in Sligo declares itself “ a Catholic college ” .
The Marino Institute in Dublin is run by the Christian Brothers and declares itself committed to the tradition of that order ’s founder , Edmund Rice .
And the Church of Ireland College of Education is explicitly dedicated to providing “ a supply of teachers for primary schools under the management of the Church of Ireland and other Protestant denominations ” .
These colleges are not private institutions – each is connected to a public university .
Yet , in all of them , students have no choice but to learn ( and pass exams in ) Christian doctrine .
( Some , like St Patrick ’s , offer optional courses for those who wish to teach in Educate Together schools , but these are in addition to , rather than instead of , the compulsory Catholic courses . )
The religious education part of the course is specifically designed to enable the teaching of the “ textbooks currently in use in Irish Catholic schools ” .
Students are required to “ explore some of the theoretical foundations of contemporary faith formation processes ” – in other words , to learn how to indoctrinate children in the Catholic faith .
When it comes to teaching practice , the curriculum in St Patrick ’s stipulates that “ it is expected that all students would prepare religion lessons ” .
( These aspects of the course are separate from the more specific Certificate in Religious Studies , which is required for those wanting to teach in Catholic schools but is otherwise optional . )
Leave aside the utter inappropriateness of a republic funding the “ faith formation processes ” of any religion .
Just think instead of the hypocrisy that ’s involved here .
The church is quite prepared to have Muslim , Jewish , Buddhist , atheist or agnostic students learning how to teach the Catholic faith , so long as they keep their heads down and their mouths shut .
In the 19th century , Catholics were forced to pay tithes to support a church they did not believe in .
Now , non-Christian would - be teachers must pay an intellectual tithe of silence and submission .
And where is the Republican Party in all of this ?
Cringing in the corner , of course .
Batt O’Keeffe , asked for a statement on the provision of teacher training for non-Christians , told the Dáil recently that “ responses received from some colleges in relation to the question of provision being made for student teachers who belong to a denomination which is not Christian have indicated that this has not arisen to date ” .
The logic is impeccable : you have to pretend to be a Christian to train as a teacher – therefore all trainee teachers are assumed to be Christians .
As the winter snows begin to melt , revealing a landscape full of promise and hope , a hacker ’s thoughts turn to flights of fancy : specifically , the thought of being in Las Vegas during the last weekend in July .
If you ’re one of those hackers and you love digital freedom , EFF would like your help spreading the word about our efforts to protect and defend coders ’ rights by encouraging your friends and neighbors to join you in supporting us .
In return , EFF wants to help the best EFFvangelists enjoy Defcon 18 in style !
Just register for the Defcon Getaway Fundraising Contest and receive a personalized referral link to send your friends and family .
( Registration is free ; please do n’t spam . )
If your invitees become EFF members , you will be credited the amount they donate through the link .
The contestant to raise the most money for EFF between now and June 30 , 2010 , will win :
- two Defcon 18 Human badges ;
- a standard room at the Riviera Hotel for the nights of July 29 - 31 ;
- two tickets to the Vegas 2.0 Party at the Top of the Riv on July 29 ;
- two tickets to the iSEC Partners Party , location and date TBD ; and
- two badges to the Ninja Networks Party , location TBD , on July 31 .
The second place winner will receive two Defcon 18 Human badges , two tickets to the Vegas 2.0 Party , and two tickets to the iSEC Partners Party ; the third place winner will receive one Defcon 18 Human badge , one ticket to the Vegas 2.0 Party , and one ticket to the iSEC Partners Party .
All winners will receive an EFF Swag Super Pack , including EFF stickers , hats , posters , and more !
You can join with others to form a fundraising team , of course .
Your team will have to figure out on its own how to distribute the prizes after we award them to the team captain .
Airfare and other travel expenses are not included , and winners remain responsible for all incidental costs .
All contestants must be 21 years of age or older .
Additional rules apply , please see the Official Rules for details .
Donations may be tax - deductible as allowed by law , and referred donors will receive tax acknowledgment letters for their donations .
Many thanks to Dark Tangent and Defcon for providing the room and Defcon badges , Vegas 2.0 and iSEC Partners for providing the party tickets and Ninja Networks for providing the Ninja Party badges !
To register for this contest , click here .
Preye Godswill , 27 , owner of The Booze bar and restaurant , looks at photographs of expats and Nigerians in her bar , after returning to the burned out remains of the Aker Camp Community .
Aker Camp , a slum of 3,000 people in Port Harcourt , was attacked and burned down by the Nigerian military .
The attack was prompted by the killing of a soldier , as he tried to foil a kidnapping of an Italian expat at Godswill 's bar .
This kind of attack on civilians by the military is not uncommonPhotograph : Ed Kashi / Corbis
This beef cheek confit is tender and moist on the inside and crisp on the outside , Served with turnips and garlic scapes caramelized in the juices from the confit , it 's a rich and utterly decadent meal .
This beef cheek confit is tender and moist on the inside and crisp on the outside , Served with turnips and garlic scapes caramelized in the juices from the confit , it 's a rich and utterly decadent meal .
I was recently asked what my favourite thing about New York is .
Anyone who ’s lived here , knows that there ’s a lot to like , but one of the things that makes it unique for me is that you can walk down almost any block and witness something you would never see any other place on Earth .
Last month , I was heading out to get my hair cut in NoHo , when the gleaming white interior of this Japanese butcher shop caught my eye .
If it were n’t odd enough that this place that deals in animal carcasses looked like it had jumped off the pages of Dwell Magazine , this butcher only sells Wagyu Beef that ’s raised on a certain ranch in Oregon …
Only in New York .
For those of you that are n’t familiar with Wagyu beef , the term refers to several breeds of cattle that tend to have an obscene amount of fat marbled into the meat .
The marbling is further coaxed along with special feed and other things like beer and regular massages .
Yes , you read that right , they actually booze up the bovines and hire big burly masseuses to give the cows a daily rub - down .
The terms Kobe , Mishima , and Omi are areas in Japan where Wagyu is raised .
But since Japan does n’t have a ton of land , much of the feed that ’s used to raise the cattle is imported from the US .
Since it takes much more feed to raise a cow than the cow itself weighs , this is a horribly inefficient way of doing things .
Some genius figured out that land here is much cheaper , and that it would cost a lot less to just raise the cattle here , butcher them , and send the meat back to Japan .
Enter , Japan Premium
Beef , the first US retail outlet for the ranch that ’s been supplying some of the best restaurants here in the US with their Wagyu .
Unable to resist the temptations of the many cuts of beef splayed out in the stainless steel case , but not wanting to spend my entire paycheck , I ended up settling for a variety of “ lesser ” cuts of beef including these beef cheeks .
The moment I laid eyes on this pair of medallions , I knew exactly what I wanted to do with them and I asked Yamamoto - san , the butcher , if he could sell me a few pounds of beef fat .
He gave me a shy smile , apologized , and politely informed me that they did n’t sell the fat .
Maybe he saw the disappointment on my face , but he turned around , picked up a knife , and lopped off a huge chunk of fat , which he wrapped up and added to my bag for free !
Luckily you do n’t have to live in New York to pick up beef cheek and a couple pounds of fat .
While I doubt you ’ll be seeing either at Costco anytime soon , get friendly with your local butcher , and you should be able to get them to save you a few cheeks and some scraps of fat .
The technique for this is similar to duck confit .
First the meat is cured in a salt and spices for a couple of days to draw out excess moisture and season the meat .
Then , the meat is added to a pot of its own fat and cooked slow and low until all that ’s holding the meat together is a melty matrix of collagen .
The obscenely rich and tender meat is then seared on both sides in a hot cast iron pan , which gives it a nice caramelized crust .
As much as I loved the beef cheek confit , I have to say the real star of this dish was the caramelized turnip and garlic scape throne the beef sat upon .
The veggies were fried in the same pan I seared the beef in , then I added a bit of the concentrated beef juice that ’s a byproduct of the confit process .
Some sugar and soy sauce then go in , turning the liquid into a shiny brown glaze that can be best described as beef candy .
Because the beef cheeks are so rich , you could really get away with serving half a cheek per person .
I ended up having leftover confit , which I threw back into the fat , and tucked away in the fridge for something special .
When sealed under a layer of its own fat , it will literally last for weeks ( even longer if you freeze it ) .
Of course it did n’t take long before inspiration struck in the form of this bibimbap .
If Korean food is n’t how you roll , you could also turn the leftover beef cheek confit into a decadent sandwich with some caramelized onions , a delicious pasta with gorgonzola , or just about anything else that works well with tender meat .
Beef Cheek Confit with Caramelized Turnips American
Best
Entree 0 from 0 votes Yield : 2 servings Prep Time : 2 days Cook Time : 5 hours Total Time : 2 days 5 hours 20 minutes Print Nutrition Ingredients for confit 2 whole beef cheeks
1/4 cup soy sauce
1/4 cup granulated sugar
6 whole cloves
1/2 teaspoon five spice powder
3 cloves garlic ( smashed )
4 cups rendered beef fat for caramelized turnips 4 small turnips ( peeled and cut into 1/4 - inch cubes )
10 garlic scapes ( chopped )
2 teaspoons granulated sugar
1/4 cup beef juice ( from confit )
1 teaspoon soy sauce Steps
Put the soy sauce , sugar , cloves , five spice powder , and garlic in a gallon sized freezer bag and shake to the combine .
Add the beef cheeks and seal the bag , squeezing out as much air as you can .
Let this cure in the fridge for 2 - 3 days .
To make the confit , just melt the rendered beef fat it a heavy bottomed pot with a lid that 's just big enough to hold the beef cheeks and fat .
Put this into an oven preheated to 200 degrees F and cook until a fork easily passes through the meat ( about 4 - 6 hours ) .
Remove the pot from the oven and allow it to come to room temperature , then refrigerate the beef cheek covered in the fat until you are ready to use it ( it will last several weeks this way ) .
On the day you want to eat the confit , take it out of the fridge and gently heat just enough to liquify the fat so you can get the beef cheeks out .
In a sautee pan , heat about a tablespoon of beef fat until hot .
Add the turnips and fry until they just start turning tender .
Add the sugar and garlic scapes and stir fry until the sugar starts to turn brown and caramelize .
Add the beef juice and soy sauce and let it reduce until it forms a thick brown glaze over the turnips and garlic scapes .
While the turnips are cooking , heat a cast iron pan over medium heat until very hot then add the beef cheeks .
Allow the confit to brown undisturbed until you have a nice crisp layer on one side then flip and brown on the other side .
Serve the beef cheek confit on top of the bed of caramelized turnips and garlic scapes .
0 0 vote Article Rating
A distributed system is one in which the failure of a computer you did n't even know existed can render your own computer unusable .
- Leslie Lamport .
Leslie Lamport is a computer scientist and mathematician best known for his work with distributed systems .
In fact , Dr. Lamport ’s research contributions laid the foundations for the theory of distributed systems .
He currently works in Microsoft Research where most of his time is spent developing formal semantics ( with mathematical logic ) for specifying and reasoning about algorithms .
Here , Dr. Erik Meijer , computer scientist and programming language / library designer , sits down with Dr. Lamport to discuss several aspects of Dr. Lamport 's body of work in computer science .
Dr. Lamport 's TLA , the Temporal Logic of Actions , is a logic for specifying and reasoning about concurrent and reactive systems .
TLA + is the latest incarnation of this formal specification toolset .
Do n’t get Randal Charlton wrong .
The executive director at the TechTown business incubator in Detroit is thankful for a recent announcement of $ 5 million coming his way to help graduates of his FastTrac business training program launch their companies .
But , he says , look at it this way :
The money , granted by the New Economy Initiative , a Detroit - area philanthropic partnership , is not being thrown at comfortable entrepreneurs .
This is , essentially , aid to the unemployed .
And , as such , $ 5 million barely scratches the surface .
Many of the entrepreneurs to be helped by the First Step Fund , the entity created by NEI ’s $ 5 million investment , are not launching startups because it seems like a promising thing to do .
They have nowhere else to go , Charlton says .
Their former jobs in the auto industry are gone , never to return .
Their choices are to leave the state or try to create their own jobs in Michigan .
In the world outside Detroit , Charlton says , the national unemployment rate of 10 percent is a grim figure that conjures images of the Great Depression .
Inside the alternate economic universe of Detroit , with a 15 percent unemployment rate , that 10 percent figure would hail a new era .
“ If we could get down to 10 percent unemployment in the city of Detroit in the next three years , we ’d be holding block parties to celebrate , ” Charlton says .
So , March ’s announcement of a $ 5 million investment from the New Economy Initiative to create the First Step Fund is just that - a first step , Charlton says .
The companies chosen to take that first step are :
Air Movement Systems of Southgate , MI , which develops and sells thermal recovery systems .
of Southgate , MI , which develops and sells thermal recovery systems .
Current Motor Co. of Ypsilanti , MI , which designs and sells , electric mopeds and scooters .
of Ypsilanti , MI , which designs and sells , electric mopeds and scooters .
Clean Emission Fluids of Detroit , which designs and sells fuel blending systems for biofuel dispensing stations .
of Detroit , which designs and sells fuel blending systems for biofuel dispensing stations .
NextCAT of Detroit , a Wayne State University startup whose catalyst technology allows for low - cost production of biofuels .
Charlton ’s TechTown has been basking in positive international media attention lately as it attempts to fling startups out into the world .
Or , as Charlton puts it , each new company is a “ bet , ” since many … Next Page »
Trending on Xconomy
One local politician is saying it ’s high time to reach beyond the usual means to raising cash and wants to tax pot .
Sen. Robert J. Kane , R - Watertown , wants to take advantage of a law from 1991 that allows the state government to tax illegal marijuana sales .
State police got their hands on nearly 1,400 kilograms of marijuana during the fiscal year that ended last June 30 .
Taxing pot at $ 3.50 a gram could have generated more than $ 4.8 million in tax revenue .
And that ’s just for the marijuana that police know about .
This is the second year that Kane has pushed for the pot plan , the Waterbury Republican - American reports .
The first was extinguished in the Finance , Revenue and Bonding Committee , but Kane hopes to re-ignite the issue with a bill now in the Senate .
" Everyone but the drug dealers would benefit , " Kane said .
A ban on broadcasting video clips of the proceedings of the House of Commons on YouTube could come to an end in the coming weeks after months of delicate negotiations between the Palace of Westminster and broadcasters led by the BBC .
Existing rules forbid YouTube or any other website , such as a newspaper 's , from embedding any clips of parliamentary proceedings – meaning that the only way to watch parliament online is via the news clips from the major broadcasters , live on the BBC's Parliament channel or the Westminster website .
Officially the ban , which dates back to the introduction of TV in parliament , exists to preserve the copyright in the footage , which is shared between the Palace of Westminster and the principal broadcasters .
But privately , MPs and broadcasters say that Westminster officials are afraid that people could " mash up " parliamentary clips to make MPs look foolish .
Jo Swinson , the Liberal Democrat MP for Dumbarton East , has long campaigned for the ban to be relaxed .
" The situation is absolutely nuts .
What we are told is that officials are concerned about video being taken out of context or abused – but you can do that with the text of Hansard if you wanted , so the ruling is not consistent . "
There was considerable unhappiness that a clip of Gordon Brown picking his nose whilst seated in the Commons during PMQ became a mini-YouTube hit in 2007 .
The clip , watched nearly 470,000 times , remains on YouTube , despite the ban – although Westminster authorities have periodically asked for such clips to be removed .
There is a limited exemption for MPs , who are allowed to put up clips of their own speeches on YouTube , but even they have to prevent third parties from embedding those clips .
Negotiations have been going on for over 18 months within the Parliamentary Broadcasting Unit Limited , a committee of officials and broadcasters responsible for licensing parliamentary footage .
If the BBC succeeds , it would allow any third party to " embed " prime minister 's questions , or any part of the proceedings of parliament .
Video search technology used by the BBC means that it is possible for newspapers or bloggers to search an entire day 's proceedings and easily pick out sections of interest to use .
The BBC declined to comment , because negotiations are at a sensitive stage .
CIGARETTES may contain traces of pig's blood , an Australian academic says with a warning that religious groups could find its undisclosed presence " very offensive " .
University of Sydney Professor Simon Chapman points to recent Dutch research which identified 185 different industrial uses of a pig - including the use of its haemoglobin in cigarette filters .
Prof Chapman said the research offered an insight into the otherwise secretive world of cigarette manufacture , and it was likely to raise concerns for devout Muslims and Jews .
Religious texts at the core of both of these faiths specifically ban the consumption of pork .
" I think that there would be some particularly devout groups who would find the idea that there were pig products in cigarettes to be very offensive , " Prof Chapman said today .
" The Jewish community certainly takes these matters extremely seriously and the Islamic community certainly do as well , as would many vegetarians .
" It just puts into hard relief the problem that the tobacco industry is not required to declare the ingredients of cigarettes ... they say ' that 's our business ' and a trade secret . "
The Dutch research found pig haemoglobin - a blood protein - was being used to make cigarette filters more effective at trapping harmful chemicals before they could enter a smoker 's lungs .
Prof Chapman said while tobacco companies had moved voluntarily list the contents of their products on their websites , they also noted undisclosed " processing aids ... that are not significantly present in , and do not functionally affect , the finished product " .
This catch - all term hid from public view an array of chemicals and other substances used in the making of tobacco products , he said .
At least one cigarette brand sold in Greece was confirmed as using pig haemoglobin in its processes , Prof Chapman said , and the status of smokes sold was unknown .
" If you 're a smoker and you 're of Islamic or Jewish faith then you 'd probably would want to know and there is no way of finding out , " Prof Chapman said .
The Sydney office of British American Tobacco Australia was contacted by AAP .
A spokeswoman said a comment would be provided although it was not immediately available .
Originally published as Cigarettes may contain pigs blood
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A small plane carrying a traffic reporter has made an emergency landing on a highway in New Jersey , in the US .
The Cessna set down on the New Jersey Turnpike , about five miles ( 8 km ) east of Philadelphia , after a low oil pressure indicator came on .
Neither the pilot nor the reporter were injured , officials said .
" The plane landed , he taxied it over to the shoulder .
We can't even get motorists to do that when they break down , " a highways spokesman said .
Joe Orlando said traffic was backed up for about 1.5 miles ( 2.4 km ) in both directions after the early morning incident , mostly by people rubber - necking .
" For the first time in eight years , I can probably say you had a good reason to stop and look , " Mr Orlando was quoted as saying by AP news agency .
The plane was loaded onto a truck and taken to a New Jersey Turnpike Authority maintenance yard .
The Federal Aviation Administration is due to conduct an investigation .
Georg Mueller underwent therapy after admitting to abuse
A former Roman Catholic bishop in Norway left his post after admitting to child sex abuse , the Church says .
Georg Mueller resigned as bishop of Trondheim in June 2009 but the abuse allegations were not made public .
The case , which reportedly dates back two decades , cannot now be tried because of the statute of limitations , the current bishop of Trondheim said .
The recent emergence of child sex abuse allegations across Europe has placed severe pressure on the Catholic Church .
" The Catholic Church in Norway is in shock after it was revealed that former bishop Mueller of Trondheim admitted being guilty of sexual abuse of a minor and said that was why he left his post last year , " said a Church statement .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
The 58 - year - old ex-bishop , who was born in Germany , was removed from his duties and sent for therapy after he admitted to a single case of abuse , said his successor , Bishop Bernt Eidsvig .
He said the case was not initially made public at the request of the victim .
At the time , his departure was attributed to clashes over his management style , local media reports said .
The Norwegian paper Adresseavisen reported that the Church had discovered the abuse allegations in January 2009 , and the Vatican had ordered the then bishop 's departure after an internal investigation .
Norway is a mainly Lutheran country , and Church officials estimate the number of Catholics at about 100,000 .
I have four draft posts started that I do n’t have finished .
But I wo n’t be finishing any of them today , instead I ’ll issue an erratum for my paper in Issue 14 of the Monad Reader .
On page 53 I wrote :
Writer monads partially enforce the efficient use of list concatenation .
In the MTL , Writer [ e ] a is just a newtype isomorphism for ( [ e ] , a ) .
It provides a function tell that takes a list and concatenates the remainder of the computation onto the end of the list .
This naturally associates to the right , and thus avoids quadratic behavior .
Of course , tell accepts arbitrary length lists , and one could inefficiently produce a long argument to tell .
The writer monad does no such thing .
In fact , it ’s quite easy to write a function using the writer monad that exhibits quadratic behavior .
For example here is a function that uses the writer monad to produce the list [ 1..n ] in quadratic time :
enumTo n | n <= 0 = return ( ) | otherwise = enumTo ( n - 1 ) >> tell [ n ]
By unfolding the definitions of return and ( >>= ) for Control .
Monad .
Writer , and the Monoid instance for List , we can find this is equivalent to :
enumToWriter n | n <= 0 = ( ( ) , [ ] ) | otherwise = let ( a,w ) = enumToWriter ( n - 1 ) ( b, w ' ) = ( \_ -> ( ( ) , [ n ] ) ) ( ) in ( b, w ++ w ' )
By beta - reducing the let bindings and making use of snd , we get
enumToWriter '2 n | n <= 0 = ( ( ) , [ ] ) | otherwise = ( ( ) , snd ( enumToWriter ' 2 ( n - 1 ) ) ++ [ n ] )
And finally , we can hoist the pairs out of the loop , if we want :
enumToWriter '3 n = ( ( ) , loop n ) where loop n | n <= 0 = [ ] | otherwise = loop ( n - 1 ) ++ [ n ]
It should now be clear that this is quadratic , as the first element of the result gets copied ( n - 1 ) times , the second element gets copied ( n - 2 ) times , and so on .
However , there is a solution .
By adjusting the monad , the original definition can be executed in linear time .
My erroneous quote is actually an accurate description the continuation - based writer monad .
instance ( Monoid w ) => MonadWriter w ( Cont w ) where tell xs = Cont ( \k -> xs `mappend` k ( ) ) -- or , in a direct style : -- tell xs = mapCont ( xs `mappend` ) ( return ( ) )
The expression runCont ( enumTo n ) ( const [ ] ) produces the list [ 1..n ] in linear time .
The continuation - based writer monad provides the linear - time guarantee that I described but erroneously attributed to the regular writer monad .
By unfolding the definition of return and ( >>= ) for Control .
Monad .
Cont and our definition for tell above , we can find out what this algorithm actually does :
-- unfold return and ( >>= ) enumToCont n | n <= 0 = k ( ) | otherwise = \k -> enumToCont ( n - 1 ) ( \a -> ( \_ -> tell [ n ] ) a k ) -- beta-reduction -- = \k -> enumToCont ( n - 1 ) ( \_a -> tell [ n ]
k ) -- unfold tell -- = \k -> enumToCont ( n - 1 ) ( \_ -> ( \k -> [ n ] ++ k ( ) ) k ) -- beta-reduction -- = \k -> enumToCont ( n - 1 ) ( \_ -> [ n ] ++ k ( ) ) -- unfold (++ ) -- = \k -> enumToCont ( n - 1 ) ( \_ -> n : k ( ) )
And , if we like , we can avoid passing ( ) to the continuation argument , resulting in a normal accumulator argument :
enumToCont ' n k | n <= 0 = k | otherwise = enumToCont ' ( n - 1 ) ( n: k )
By writing it with ( : ) , we know it has to associate to the right and thus operates in linear time .
In the quadratic - time solution , the ( ++ ) cannot be unfolded .
However , this solution is n’t incremental : trying to evaluate take 5 ( enumToCont ' ( 10 ^ 12 ) [ ] ) will more than likely run your computer completely out of virtual memory long before it finishes .
It ’s not to difficult to see why : enumFromCont ' produces a list element equal to it ’s input , and it has to count down from a trillion before it produces [ 1,2,3,4,5 , ... ] .
So it really is better to write it as :
enumTo ' lim = loop 1 where loop n | n <= lim = tell [ n ] >> loop ( n+1 ) | otherwise = return ()
This definition is both linear and incremental under both the continuation - based writer and the normal writer monad , but it is n’t a generic transformation that applies to any algorithm using the writer monad .
These two writer monads have a number tradeoffs ; for example , the continuation - based writer monad cannot be used with the corecursive queue transformer in the paper .
An efficient alternative is the regular writer monad with a list representation that offers efficient concatenation , such as difference lists .
For further reading , you might enjoy Asymptotic Improvement of Computations over Free Monads by Janis Voigtländer , which explores this phenomenon further .
Although all incoming freshmen are required to live on campus during their first year at the University , Housing and Residential Communities has begun to make changes to the way returning students are accommodated in the residence halls .
HRC has also changed the move - in and room selection process this year to assist in placing incoming freshmen .
The room selection process was completed entirely online , with freshmen being able to self - select their rooms .
The new system also required freshmen to schedule a move - in time as a way of alleviating the confusion on move - in day in August .
High demand for on - campus housing this year has also forced HRC to make changes to the residence halls students will live in this fall .
The Highlands , for example , will be open again this fall after demand for on - campus housing required HRC to cancel the building ’s demolition , which was previously scheduled for this summer .
Alicia Browne , associate director for assignments , information and communication , said , despite high demand , there is enough space in campus housing for all incoming freshmen .
“ All freshmen are assigned to on - campus housing at this time , ” Browne said .
“ We have always placed some students in Blount Hall who are not Blount scholars and [ we have ] also [ placed students ] in other honors dorms although they may not be honors students .
This year we did have to place some students in overflow rooms in Tutwiler , but these students are welcome to change their room assignment once they are on campus in the fall . ”
In years past , HRC has found it necessary to place unassigned freshmen in residence halls designated for specific campus organizations such as Friedman and Palmer Halls .
Although the Mallet Assembly currently occupies Palmer , there is always a chance that freshmen may be assigned there if the space is needed , Browne said .
HRC tries to assign these rooms to students who meet the various eligibility requirements , she said .
“ Earlier in the summer , we spoke with Mallet about the importance of recruiting freshmen .
We also have assisted in their efforts by printing their fliers , sending out their e-mail to incoming students , and in other ways .
Because Malletteers reside in a university residence hall , we always have the ability , if needed , to assign non-Malletteers to Palmer , ” Browne said .
“ At this time , we have not needed to do so , but Palmer is , of course , University housing .
We continue to support Mallet ’s efforts to recruit incoming freshman members , as we do with all living - learning communities . ”
Spencer Carter , president of the Mallet Assembly , said that Mallet did not oppose the possibility of non-Mallet freshmen being assigned to Palmer since Mallet is still part of the University .
“ As of right now , there are no freshmen assigned to live in Mallet .
At one point in the summer , housing was considering it , but with the opening of more dorms to freshmen we were n’t really needed . ”
Dexter Peeples , a senior majoring in special education , thinks the entire housing process is beneficial both to the students placed in living learning communities , and to the students already residing there .
“ Placing students in living - learning communities who have not selected a room is a great way for these students to meet new people , learn about the University and their major , ” he said .
“ I do think that these students should take the process more seriously but I also think that housing is doing the best they can to satisfy these students . ”
Using the ereporter module for easy error reporting in App Engine
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under python , tech , app- engine , coding , ereporter
One little known package in the google .
appengine .ext package is ereporter .
This package exists to make it easier to get summaries of errors generated by your Python App Engine app , and today we 'll show you how .
Far too often for new webapps , error reports for live webapps are a catch - as - catch - can type practice , with reports coming in from dedicated users , and whenever you think to check the logs page of your app .
A lot of bugs can slip through this way , however , with exceptions going unnoticed to everyone but the users who experience them , then walk away in disgust , never to return again .
With ereporter , however , we 'll demonstrate how to set up a simple handler that takes care of capturing all the exceptions that occur in your app , and emailing a daily report to you , summarizing what went wrong .
Installing ereporter consists of 3 stages : Modifying your handler script , modifying your app.yaml , and adding a cron job .
Let 's start by modifying your handler script (s ) .
Add the following to the top of all your handler scripts ( that is , scripts that are mentioned in app.yaml ) :
import logging from google.appengine.ext import ereporter ereporter.register_logger ( )
The register_logger call causes ereporter to instantiate itself , and hook into the Python logging framework , where it will capture any calls to logging .
exception .
The webapp framework calls this function to log any uncaught exceptions , and your framework probably does too .
If you want , you can also use logging .
exception yourself , whenever you want an exception report added to ereporter .
Now that ereporter can capture your exceptions , we need to add the components it requires to send you the daily email .
First up is the new handler in app.yaml :
handlers : - url : / _ereporter /.* script : $ PYTHON_LIB /google/appengine/ext/ereporter/report_generator.py login : admin
This handler will be the target of a cron job that calls it once a day , to generate the daily exception report .
Add the cron job to cron.yaml :
cron : - description : Daily exception report url : /_ereporter?sender=you@yourdomain.com schedule : every day 00:00
You need to replace the email address you@yourdomain.com with the address of any of the administrators of your app .
A to address is not required , as the tool emails the report to all the admins of the app , but you still have to specify a valid sender address .
That 's all there is to it - you 'll now get nicely formatted HTML exception reports for your app , with exceptions broken down by app version and exception source .
If an exception occurs multiple times in the same location , ereporter will roll them up into one entry , with a sample stacktrace and an approximate count of occurrences , to make it easier to see what the biggest problems your app is encountering are .
The report generator takes a few more options that control its output - for details , see the source code .
Disqus
Tasmania 's warm spell looks set to break records .
If the warm weather holds till Saturday , Hobart will have experienced 100 consecutive days with maximum temperatures of at least 17 .
The weather bureau says it is easily the longest run of such mild weather in Hobart since records began in 1895 .
The mild spell started on December 18 , with 38.3 degrees on New Year 's Eve the highest maximum .
Hobart 's coldest day was on February 27 , when it was 17.4 degrees .
In Launceston the temperature has reached 17 degrees every day since October 19 .
Rupert Ponsonby is a founder member of the Beer Academy and a long - time beer apostle .
He has an explanation for this upsurge of interest .
" Thanks to the likes of Cask Marque [ which checks beer quality and only gives its accreditation to establishments that serve beer of good quality ] we are starting to see cask ales served in better condition .
A great cask ale is one of life 's most complex and satisfying drinks .
There 's an increasing realisation that ' beer ' does n't just mean the five beers people see regularly advertised on the television .
It can have some of the same connoisseurship values as wine . "
People with Williams Syndrome lack 26 genes found in a typical human genome .
As a result they are inordinately friendly , and experience no social anxiety .
Now a new study reveals that they may also be free of racial bias .
Advertisement
Over at Not Exactly Rocket Science , Ed Yong talks about the new study , published this week in Current Biology .
Yong writes :
Santos compared the behaviour of 20 white children with Williams syndrome , aged 7 to 16 , and 20 typical white children of similar backgrounds and mental ages .
To do so , she used a test called the Preschool Racial Attitude Measure ( PRAM - II ) , which is designed to tease out traces of gender or racial biases in young children .
PRAM - II consists of a picture book where every page includes a pair of people of different genders or skin types .
The researcher tells a selection of stories to accompany the images and the children have to point to the person whom they think the story is about .
As they hear positive or negative adjectives , they reveal any underlying racial bias if they point to light - skinned or dark - skinned people , or men or women , more frequently .
The typical children showed a strong tendency to view light - skinned people well and dark - skinned people poorly .
Out of their responses , 83 % were consistent with a pro-white bias .
In contrast , the children with Williams syndrome only showed such responses 64 % of the time , which was n't significantly different from chance .
Advertisement
So it would seem that removing social fear from the human emotional range might also cut down on racism .
Though it 's worth noting that it would n't help with sexism , since Williams Syndrome kids scored close to typical kids when it came to gender bias .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Several other scientists took issue with this study , partly because the sample size was so small ( just twenty kids ) .
But there are also problems with the PRAM test , which limits children to choosing either white people or people of color - there is no option to choose both , or " either one . "
As University of Oregon 's Aliya Saperstein pointed out :
The results do n't demonstrate or prove an absence of bias .
And like all similar tests , the study may tap partly into one 's knowledge of social stereotypes not just one 's personal biases .
Advertisement
Regardless , as Yong points out , we 're left with further evidence - backed up by fMRI studies - that racial bias and racism are connected to social fear .
Now I 'm waiting for the studies that show whether taking anti-social anxiety med Xanax helps eradicate racial bias too .
via Not Exactly Rocket Science
<< Previous page Next page >>
Page 1 : Introduction , design Page 2 : More design , features , conclusions
We can't say Gigabyte has been in a hurry to release motherboards on the new integrated chipsets for Intel CPUs with built - in graphics .
These chipsets ' advantages -- Intel GMA
HD graphics which is quite moderate for the majority of modern games -- cannot fully make up for the impossibility of decent SLI / CrossFire configurations , so we 'll hardly see top - class products based on H55/H57 .
Strange is that motherboard makers are not in a hurry to create motherboards tailored for home theaters , one thing Intel 's new chipsets and processors do suggest .
As for Gigabyte , so far it has been offering a few models suitable for that market , all marked with the " USB3 " suffix and supporting the matching interface .
We 'll post a review of one of those in the future , while today we have a similar motherboard , Gigabyte GA - H55M - UD2H , rich in video output features , but lacking support for USB 3.0 .
Design
The most interesting features of Gigabyte GA - H55M - UD2H are located on the rear panel , so the top view is n't as captivating .
It 's a usual microATX motherboard with typical advantages ( compact size ) and drawbacks ( dense layout and the possible obstruction of slots by expansion cards ) .
Note the original set of expansion slots .
Gigabyte 's entire series of compact motherboards features one full - fledged PCIe x16 slot , one slot connected to four Southbridge lanes ( works at PCIe 1.1 speed ) and two PCI slots .
While it 's the PCI slot that will be obstructed by a large graphics card , the layout has a distinct touch of conservatism : the PCB has IDE and FDD connectors , as well as one to connect a COM port bracket , etc .
At the same time the motherboard does n't have many luxuries .
The list of secondary controllers includes FireWire , while the eSATA port is implemented as inexpensively as possible -- by relocating one of the chipset ports to the rear panel .
Well , we can't say this is bad .
Like other motherboards designed for Clarkdale CPUs , this one has a more complex VRM with three independent PWM controllers : one for the CPU core , one for the uncore block that includes the memory controller , and one for the integrated graphics .
The resulting scheme is impressive enough , with 4+2+1 phases and three FETs per phase .
Of course , Gigabyte GA - H55M - UD2H cannot compete with top - class motherboards that have many more independent phases in power converter , but the scheme is completely reasonable nevertheless and it wo n't interfere with overclocking .
Besides , Gigabyte 's modern motherboards marked with the " UD " suffix have all the Ultra Durable 3 features , including thicker voltage and grounding planes , polymer capacitors by Nichicon , R DS ( ON ) FETs and ferrite - core chokes .
Write a comment below .
No registration needed !
If we search for the roots of climate denial it soon becomes apparent that they lie in the reaction of American conservatism to the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 and the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 .
As the threat of the 'red menace ' receded , the energy conservatives had put into opposing communism sought other outlets .
Islamism had for some time been building as a threat , as it seemed to challenge the achievements of the West and the inevitable march of its influence .
But there was an internal enemy too .
Since the 1970s ' neo - conservatism ' had set itself against the influence of the ' new class ' of liberal intellectuals who had betrayed the Western tradition with a sustained critique of its assumptions and achievements .
Feminism , multi-culturalism and anti-colonialism not only sought to correct injustices , but uncovered oppressive structures buried deep within the foundations of Western civilisation .
Environmentalism posed a particular threat because it called into question the benign nature of the system not from the perspective of an oppressed group but from the perspective of science , the very basis of Western civilisation .
In the emergence of the ' green scare ' the Rio Earth Summit in 1992 was a critical moment , one that brought to a head three decades of rising environmental concerns around the world .
Attended by 108 heads of state or government , it put environmentalism at the centre of global action and , among other important agreements , adopted the Framework Convention on Climate Change which to this day provides the architecture for international climate negotiations .
The Earth Summit not only highlighted the growing body of science that identified environmental decline but signalled a marked shift in values .
President George Bush senior was well aware of the political dangers of the Rio Summit and instructed the US delegation to water down or block most diplomatic initiatives , including the Framework Convention .
Bush and fellow conservatives recognised that after the Cold War a new threat to their worldview had emerged .
From the outset , environmentalism was seen as a threat to US national sovereignty .
Before Rio , a senior Bush Administration official had expressed it this way : ' Americans did not fight and win the wars of the twentieth century to make the world safe for green vegetables . '
This nationalistic framing of the issue has had a powerful and enduring impact in the United States .
In his 2008 presidential campaign Barack Obama 's climate policy emphasised greater energy efficiency in order to free the United States from the influence of ' foreign oil ' .
In defending the expansion of nuclear power , climate sceptic Frederick Seitz had put it more bluntly : ' We have more control over the cost of nuclear power .
The Muslims can raise the price of oil to any level they want . '
Among the 17,000 people attending the Rio Summit was Dixie Lee Ray , an influential conservative activist .
A marine biologist with a doctorate from Stanford on the nervous system of a type of lanternfish , in 1973 Ray was appointed by President Nixon to chair the Atomic Energy Commission and was subsequently elected governor of Washington State .
She co-authored Environmental Overkill , a 1994 book critical of environmentalism , and was closely associated with the heads of two right - wing think tanks , the Heritage Foundation and the Competitive Enterprise Institute , both active in denying climate science .
At Rio Ray expressed alarm because the summit was sponsored by UN officials who , she said , were members of the ' International Socialist Party ' .
She saw the summit's Agenda 21 as designed to impose ' world government under the UN , [ so ] that essentially all governments give up their sovereignty , and that nations will be , as they said quite openly , frightened or coerced into doing that by threats of environmental damage ' .
Ray was expressing one of the deepest fears of US conservatives , but their anxiety over national sovereignty was matched by the disquiet they felt at environmentalism 's destabilisation of the idea of progress and mastery of nature .
For conservatives , these beliefs define modernity itself .
Their refrain that environmentalists want to take us back to living in caves reflects not just an inability to imagine a third path other than affluence and poverty , but their unquestioned identification of progress with unfettered growth .
Any challenge to growth could only mean the end of progress , of civilisation and of the American way of life .
Yet within the collection of core ideas that defined conservative belief a contradiction had emerged .
Science itself seemed to be saying that continued human advancement was inconsistent with endless growth and the desire to master the natural world .
The easiest resolution of the cognitive dissonance this generated was to reject the science that causes the discomfort .
For some , the creationists , this was not difficult as a prior decision had been made to accept science conditional on its consistency with deeper beliefs .
For more sophisticated conservatives , those who led the movement and privileged science over biblical literalism , the solution was not to reject science per se but to reinterpret some scientific practice with the claim that its objectivity had been corrupted by biases introduced by scientists themselves , those who had become infected by the values of liberalism that spread in the 1960s and 1970s .
These sentiments help explain why a handful of scientists with genuine climate science credentials broke from the bulk of their colleagues and joined the anti-environment movement in the 1980s .
Myanna Lahsen has studied in detail the life experiences and beliefs of three prominent physicists who have participated in the conservative backlash against climate science .
In the post - war decades Frederick Seitz , Robert Jastrow and William Nierenberg were physicists at the pinnacle of the profession , where they enjoyed the respect of society and the patronage of governments who understood scientific endeavour as the source of national power and prestige .
Part of the nuclear science establishment with links to the defence effort , their influence reached a peak in the 1970s , just as the environment and peace movements began to challenge the benefits of nuclear technology and the undue power of the ' military –industrial complex ' .
The social benefits of science and technology were no longer accepted uncritically and these challenges found expression in political demands for independent evaluation of science and technology .
The scientific power and privilege of the elite went into decline .
Lahsen reports that Seitz himself wrote of his depression over the new political environment and its attacks on the modernist program of progress through technological advance .
' Their discourses generally ' , writes Lahsen , ' reveal a pre-reflexive modernist ethos characterized by strong trust in science and technology as providers of solutions to problems ... an understanding of science and progress that prevailed during the first half of the twentieth century ' .
They do not see nature as fragile and they believe in the right of humans to use technology to exert mastery , and it is in respect to this supreme ability of humans that elite scientists such as themselves have a unique entitlement to shape opinion .
They express outrage at those who challenge this view of science and progress , experiencing it as a personal affront , as a ' sense of violated entitlement ' .
Their intolerance of scientific ignorance can perhaps be forgiven , but how do they respond to those better informed ?
When asked why most scientists reject his sceptical views on global warming , Seitz ( who has been president of the US National Academy of Sciences ) opined : ' Most scientists are Democrats ... I think it 's as simple as that .'
Among the characteristics of elite physicists like the trio is an intellectual arrogance that leads them to believe , as one close observer put it , that global environmental problems are ' trivia that can be handled by a good physicist on a Friday afternoon over a beer ' .
Being the stars of the sciences , with a rigour others want to emulate , gives them a sense of intellectual superiority and permission to be contrarian .
In 1984 Seitz , Jastrow and Nierenberg founded the George C Marshall Institute , a Washington think tank initially devoted to defending President Ronald Reagan 's embattled Strategic Defense Initiative , or ' Star Wars ' program , panned by most experts as unworkable and a massive waste .
Although still campaigning on missile defence , in the 1990s the Marshall Institute 's foremost activity became attacking climate change science .
It is no surprise to find that Exxon began providing funding .
Claiming its purpose is to counter the politicisation of science ' by providing policymakers with rigorous , clearly written and unbiased technical analyses ' , every paper on the subject of climate science it publishes or links to on its website aims to debunk the science .
The way in which conservative think tanks amplified the message of sympathetic scientists is well documented ; given their status as a very small minority , it is a sign of their effectiveness that , in appearances before congressional hearings on climate change , representatives of conservative think tanks achieved virtual parity with scientists representing the consensus view .
Climate scepticism grew directly out of the conservative counter - movement against environmentalism .
Its first task was to erode confidence in the science on which environmental concerns were based by arguing that the scientists had become politicised and were using their research , or allowing it to be used , to advance an anti-corporate political agenda .
An analogy is sometimes drawn between those who have resisted the tide of scientific evidence on the dangers of climate change and those who once questioned the link between smoking and lung cancer in the face of overwhelming medical evidence .
It turns out that the links between denialists in the climate change and smoking controversies go much deeper than mere analogy .
In response to the 1992 report of the US Environmental Protection Agency linking passive smoking with cancer , Philip Morris hired a public relations company named APCO to develop a counter - strategy .
Acknowledging that the views of tobacco companies lacked credibility , APCO proposed a strategy of ' astroturfing ' , the formation and funding of apparently independent front groups to give the impression of a popular movement opposed to ' overregulation ' and in support of individual freedom .
Foremost among the fake citizens ' groups was The Advancement of Sound Science Coalition ( TASSC ) .
According to secret documents uncovered in a court case , and reported by George Monbiot , it was to be 'a national coalition intended to educate the media , public officials and the public about the dangers of ' junk science ' ...
Upon formation of Coalition , key leaders will begin media outreach , e.g. editorial board tours , opinion articles , and brief elected officials in selected states . '
The strategy was to link concerns about passive smoking with a range of other popular anxieties , including global warming , nuclear waste disposal and biotechnology , in order to suggest that these were all part of an unjustified social panic , so that calls for government intervention in people 's lives were unwarranted .
It set out to cast doubt on the science , to link the scare against smoking with other ' unfounded fears ' and to contrast the ' junk science ' of their opponents with the ' sound science ' they promoted .
As one tobacco - company memo noted : ' Doubt is our product since it is the best means of competing with the " body of fact " that exists in the mind of the general public .
It is also the means of establishing a controversy . '
As the 1990s progressed and the rear - guard action against restrictions on smoking faded , The Advancement of Sound Science Coalition started receiving funds from Exxon ( among other oil companies ) and its ' junk science ' website began to carry material attacking climate change science .
Monbiot wrote that this website 'has been the main entrepôt for almost every kind of climate - change denial that has found its way into the mainstream press ' .
Having been set up by Philip Morris , TASSC 'was the first and most important of the corporate - funded organisations denying that climate change is taking place .
It has done more damage to the campaign to halt it than any other body . '
So the tactics , personnel and organisations mobilised to serve the interests of the tobacco lobby in the 1980s were seamlessly transferred to serve the interests of the fossil fuel lobby in the 1990s .
Frederick Seitz had in the 1980s served as principal scientific adviser for cigarette - maker R.J. Reynolds , from which position he challenged the link between tobacco smoke and cancer .
The task of the climate sceptics in the think tanks and PR companies hired by fossil fuel companies was to engage in ' consciousness lowering activities ' , to ' de - problematise ' global warming by characterising it as a form of politically driven panicmongering .
As a result , climate denial and political conservatism have become , at least in the United States , entwined .
Although some evangelical churches now encourage action to avert global warming as an expression of good stewardship of God 's Earth , climate scepticism has become part of the worldview of some Christian fundamentalists .
This stew of paranoia finds expression in figures such as Republican Congresswoman Michele Bachmann , who attacked House Speaker Nancy Pelosi for her ' global warming fanaticism ...
She has said that she 's just trying to save the planet .
We all know that someone did that over 2,000 years ago . '
• This is an edited extract from Requiem for a Species by Clive Hamilton , published by Earthscan
Discreet Packaging
We ’re proud to offer fast and discreet delivery for all our medicines & treatments .
So you can get your order delivered tomorrow , and only you ’ll know what 's inside .
No logos
No mention of pharmacy
No description of the contents
We respect that many of our products are of a sensitive nature - this is why we take every step to keep your purchases private .
The Republican temper tantrum over health insurance reform extended way beyond the hyperbole flying on the Senate floor , and into committee hearing rooms , where completely unrelated legislative efforts ground to a halt because of Republican obstructionism .
Think Progress has the background :
There is a little - known rule in the Senate stating that hearings can’t happen after 2:00 p.m. each day without unanimous consent .
However , every day , at the start of business , the Senate generally agrees , by unanimous consent , to waive this rule and continue with the necessary business of holding hearings ....
Republicans , however , are now refusing to give unanimous consent and are blocking the hearings .
This protest , as John McCain promised it would , broke up a handful of committees ' business , " a Commerce Committee hearing on a national broadband plan , a Energy and Natural Resources Committee hearing , and a Homeland Security hearing on federal financial management . "
Ironically , that federal financial management hearing also scheduled to hear testimony on the importance of transparency in government , with the Sunlight Foundation ’s Executive Director Ellen Miller .
Here 's her abbreviated testimony .
The Senate Majority Leader 's office responds
The black truffle of Périgord , the cynosure of every foodie ’s dreams , is about to yield its most intimate secrets to a team of French and Italian researchers who have decoded its genome .
Surely a great day for gastronomy and yet — truffle - lovers be advised — some of the new discoveries may reveal more than you really wanted to know .
Truffles are the fruit of fungi that infect the roots of certain trees .
They are of keen interest to pigs , particularly sows , because some secrete androstenol , a hormone produced by boars before mating .
People who use sows to hunt for truffles often find it hard to prevent a sex - crazed animal from eating the truffle she has found and may lose fingers in the attempt .
It turns out the truffles , too , have sex lives , said Dr. Francis Martin , a plant biologist at the University of Nancy in France and leader of the research team .
The precious fungi had long been thought to lead an asexual existence , but Dr. Martin and his colleagues have found that they have two sexes , or mating types .
The information is of great significance to truffle growers , whom Dr. Martin now advises to inject roots with both sexes of truffle spore .
The truffle then benefits from the purpose of sex , which is of course to generate new combinations of genes and fresh diversity .
I have decided to keep track of instances of bad science journalism that get my hackles up .
Usually , the things that bother me most are very simple things , and are probably even covered in the AP Stylebook .
I should check that …
Anyway .
From FoxNews :
“ Freaky Physics Proves Parallel Universes Exist ”
ZOMG NO WAI !!!!!!!!!1!!!
1111 !
You ’re kidding me , right , Fox News * ?
Now , for starters , do n’t get me wrong .
This experiment ?
It is badass , amazing , and way freaky .
Scientists in California have done something astounding .
They ’ve shown that physical laws thought only to rule in the mysterious realm of atoms and electrons can also apply to stuff you can actually see .
( NPR )
They managed to get a visible object to exist in a superposition of quantum states – essentially behaving two different ways simultaneously .
Those two ways – moving and not moving – would be mutually exclusive under classical laws of physics .
But back to the thing that annoyed me .
Let me list , for you , the headlines from some other news sources .
Macro-Weirdness : “ Quantum Microphone ” Puts Naked - Eye Object in 2 Places at Once | Scientific American
Scientists supersize quantum mechanics | Nature
A Mechanical Device Behaves as a Quantum System Right Before Your Eyes | Popular Science
Quantum Physics Used to Control Mechanical System | Wired
Tales from the quantum frontier | MSNBC
Team ’s quantum object is biggest by factor of billions | BBC
Quantum Physics Leaps Into The Visible World | NPR
UCSB Researchers Have Created a Visible Mechanical Device That Behaves as a Quantum System | Convergence
Do any of those say anything about parallel universes ?
No .
Do any of them use the word “ prove ” ?
No – they sure as hell better not !
Let me explain what the Fox News article does that the other articles do n’t , which they seem to think justifies their ridiculous headline and narrative .
This article devotes a single paragraph to a description of the experiment ( emphasis is in the original ) :
UC Santa Barbara ’s Andrew Cleland cooled that paddle in a refrigerator , dimmed the lights and , under a special bell jar , sucked out all the air to eliminate vibrations .
He then plucked it like a tuning fork and noted that it moved and stood still at the same time .
Then they take a quote from Cleland :
“ When you observe something in one state , one theory is it split the universe into two parts , ” Cleland told FoxNews.com , trying to explain how there can be multiple universes and we can see only one of them .
And then they run off to talk to a couple of other physicists who are willing to provide quotes that can be mined to support this pet narrative about proving parallel universes .
I think my favorite part is where they directly contradict the headline within the text of the article ( emphasis is mine , this time ) :
Sean Carroll , a physicist at the California Institute of Technology and a popular author , accepts the scientific basis for the multi-verse — even if it cannot be proven .
Yes , this research is awesome .
Does it prove the existence of parallel universes ?
No .
It is the first in what I hope will be a long series of experiments replicating and verifying this result .
Fox News ’ headline is problematic because it is misleading about what science can and cannot do , and has and has not done .
You know how annoying it is when the media jumps on the latest nutrition science fad ?
Fat is bad for you !
Eliminate fat and you ’ll be healthy .
No , wait !
Cholesterol !
Now trans fats !
Oh look , someone said chocolate is good , rejoice !
Science takes time to work .
It does n’t really prove anything .
It collects a body of evidence and makes predictions about the natural world .
Hopping on a new result – before it has been confirmed by repeated experiments , before it has been absorbed into the body of evidence and incorporated into existing results – does nothing useful .
In fact , it is capable of harming the reputation of science ( even though science itself is n’t at fault ) .
When an article jumps the gun , or exaggerates a result , the public sees the science as being misleading , rather than the reporting .
This particular example is especially frustrating to me because it is an extreme example of this problem .
The multiverse / parallel universes theory has not been proven .
By a long shot .
And to say otherwise is utterly irresponsible .
* I know , I know , it ’s Fox News .
Are they really a reliable source of anything ?
Still .
Today I pay tribute to one of the most popular Divas of the WWE .
She can do it all from wrestling exciting matches , singing a country tune , and looking hot in a bikini to boot .
Mickie James continues to excite WWE fans both in and outside of the ring with girl next door looks , spectacular wrestling , and stunning bikini pictures .
Here is a quick rundown of the Top Five Mickie James Moments .
On a side note , I worked with Mickie quite a bit in her pre-WWE days on the independent pro wrestling circuit as Alexis Laree .
Back around 2001 , a good friend of mine gave me the business card of Alexis with hopes of getting her booked in CZW .
At the time CZW did n’t do any female wrestling but he talked her up so much , that she left a lasting impression .
A few years later I worked with Mickie regularly in the Womens Extreme Wrestling promotion and a few spare indys .
I called about a dozen of her matches as an announcer for WEW .
The running line on Mickie in production was that no matter how bad a show was , we always knew we would get a great match when Alexis Laree was booked on the cards .
Mickie really broke down barriers when she went to the WWE .
The WWE was transitioning at the time away from hiring female pro wrestlers and more towards hiring models and pretty female athletes to learn to wrestle .
Mickie was truly one of the last of a dying breed .
I ca n’t think of another WWE Diva did wrestled as long as Mickie did on the indepndents before working her way up to the big show .
She was always sweet and fun to be around and everyone that knew her was ecstatic when they heard about her opportunity .
Five years later she is still tearing down the house and representing the wrestling side of the WWE Divas .
With that said , let ’s take a look at the best of Mickie ( in no particular order ) during her five - year reign as a WWE Diva .
1 – Mickie James debuts on WWE RAW .
It was October 10 , 2005 when the WWE Universe first laid eyes on Mickie .
It was during a singles match between Trish Stratus and Victoria .
Following the match , Victoria attacked Trish .
WWE Diva competition winner Ashley Massaro ran down to help Trish .
Victoria made quick work out of her .
Then out of nowhere , Mickie James in a short white skirt and boot ran into the ring and attacked Victoria .
Mickie cleared the ring of Victoria and nailed her with the belt to boot .
Mickie then flashed a crazy look and happily handed the belt back to Trish .
Welcome to the WWE Mickie James .
2 – Mickie James wins her fifth WWE Womens title and makes history .
We do n’t have to go back that far for this great Mickie James moment .
It was only a few weeks ago at the WWE Royal Rumble where Mickie made history and defeated Michelle McCool for the WWE Womens title .
McCool had been bullying James for weeks with the controversial “ Piggy James ” angle on WWE SmackDown .
Mickie James was referred to throughout the match as the “ every woman ” by Matt Stryker .
James beat her rival with a DDT to win the match and her fifth title .
Following the match , James added the proverbial insult to injury when her and the other WWE Divas smashed a cake in Michelle McCool and Layla ’s face .
The win with her WWE Divas title wins puts her just behind Trish Stratus for most combined WWE female world title reigns .
3 –Mickie James confesses her love to Trish Stratus .
It was in a single backstage segment at the 2006 WWE Royal Rumble where Mickie finally revealed her full intentions to Trish Stratus .
After months of the obvious , Mickie told Trish “ I love you . ”
The moment came in a backstage segment before Mickie ’s match with Ashley Massaro .
Trish was the special guest referee for the match and thus the conflict arose .
Trish had already pinned Mickie in a match a few months back , yet Mickie continued stalking Trish .
This would be the pivotal moment in the leadup to their WrestleMania encounter and one of the most memorable moments in WWE Diva history .
This was historic on so many levels .
For one , it has been years since women had a great match at WrestleMania and these two did it .
Two , this was the first time a WWE Diva had ever won WWE gold in her WrestleMania debut .
Three , this was one of the best booked storylines of the last decade and maybe the best in WWE Diva history .
Unlike today where we are two months away from WrestleMania and the buildup just started a month ago , this was a storyline that had been building for five months .
It also noteworthy that even as much of a heel as Mickie was at the time , the WrestleMania crowd cheered Mickie more than Trish .
Mickie used a simple roundhouse kick to the head to score the pin and the title at WrestleMania .
5 – Mickie Finally Attacks Trish .
The angle finally climaxed on Saturday Night ’s Main Event which aired in March of 2006 .
Mickie and Trish teamed together to wrestle Victoria and Candice Michelle .
Prior to the match Trish finally told Mickie she wanted some time apart .
Right before the match started Jerry Lawler proclaimed Stratus and James a “ Pretty weird tag team because Mickie is weird and Trish is pretty . ”
Trish pinned Victoria to win the match , but the story here was that Trish never tagged Mickie in .
Following the match , Mickie grabbed the microphone and told Trish that it was goodbye and tried to plant a big wet kiss on her lips .
Trish turned and gave her the cheek .
In response , Mickie turned her back and the nailed Trish with a crescent kick .
The feud was officially on !
Mickie James – # 334 Officially Licensed Photo – Choose Your Size and Framing Options
Mickie James pictures and collectibles on Amazon.com .
Order WWE : The Best of Smackdown – 10th Anniversary 1999 - 2009 DVD by clicking here .
From the ring to your wall – WWE REAL .
BIG Wall Graphics on sale now at Fat Head !
( Visited 383 times , 1 visits today )
Eric G. Eric is the owner and editor - in - chief of the Camel Clutch Blog .
Eric has worked in the pro wrestling industry since 1995 as a ring announcer in ECW and a commentator / host on television , PPV , and home video .
Eric also hosted Pro Wrestling Radio on terrestrial radio from 1998 - 2009 .
Check out some of Eric 's work on his IMDB bio and Wikipedia .
Eric has an MBA from Temple University 's Fox School of Business .
More Posts - Website Follow Me :
Girl , 10 , is ' first person ' to survive sting from the world 's most venomous creature ... the lethal box jellyfish
A ten - year - old girl has become the first person ever to have survived an attack from a lethal box jellyfish , the world 's most venomous creature .
Rachael Shardlow was stung by the creature while swimming in the Calliope River , near Gladstone , in Queensland , Australia .
Rachael 's 13 - year - old brother pulled her on to the riverbank .
She told him she could not see or breathe , and fell unconscious with the jellyfish 's tentacles still strapped to her limbs .
Survivor : Australian schoolgirl Rachael Shardlow was stung by a box jellyfish
Zoology and tropical ecology associate professor at James Cook University , Jamie Seymour , says the girl 's survival after such an extensive sting is unheard of .
' I do n't know of anybody in the entire literature where we 've studied this where someone has had such an extensive sting that has survived , ' he told ABC news in Australia .
' When I first saw the pictures of the injuries I just went , ' you know to be honest , this kid should not be alive .
I mean they are horrific .
Extensive sting : Rachael 's leg following the sting , which are experts are amazed did n't kill her
Lethal :
The box jellyfish - one of the deadliest creatures in the world
' Usually when you see people who have been stung by box jellyfish with that number of the tentacle contacts on their body , it 's usually in a morgue . '
Associate professor Seymour says the university is interested to see how long it takes for Rachael to recover , as well as whether there are any long - term effects .
' From our point of view it 's really useful information that you very seldom , if ever , get your hands on , ' he told the Aussie TV station .
Rachael 's father , Geoff Shardlow , says his daughter has scarring as well as some short - term memory loss .
' We 've noticed a small amount of short - term memory loss , like riding a pushbike to school and forgetting she 's taken a pushbike , ' he said .
' The greatest fear was actual brain damage [ but ] her cognitive skills and memory tests were all fine . '
Mr Shardlow says it is vital there are more jellyfish warning signs erected throughout central Queensland .
In the video , Dr. Meadows talks about growth , peak oil , and the possibility of collapse .
Below the fold , you will find an approximate transcription of his talk , so you can read it if you prefer .
Dr. Dennis Meadows , one of the authors of Limits to Growth , sent a link to this short video ( 8:34 ) .
Dr. Meadows made this video in Davos , Switzerland in September 2009 , when he was there to participate in the World Resources Forum .
I am Dennis Meadows .
I was for many years a professor in different universities in the United States .
I was born in 1942 , about here [ marking on graph ] .
96 % of all the oil that has ever been used in human history has been used since I was born .
Global oil use -- and now we are here [ pointing to graph ] , global oil use has been something like this .
[ Marking top of oil production curve ] and this is going to come down , in some way , we do n't know [ making several dotted lines ] .
Recently a German think tank expected that by 2030 , so about here , oil will be half of current levels .
So something like this [ marking on graph ] .
The Challenge : Peak Oil
Society expects this [ extending graph of growing historical oil production linearly upward ] , but we are going to get this [ emphasizing downward slope ] .
What policies do we have to take , in order to do this in a way so that this change is peaceful and equitable ?
It is possible if we prepare , but if we deny the problem , then we never will manage .
Growth versus Development
If you are a parent , and you have a child , then you will be very enthusiastic if for the first 18 , maybe 20 years , the child becomes bigger , actually grows physically .
It even is a source of happiness to you if your child is growing very fast .
But after about 18 to 20 years , you do n't want your child to grow any more ; you want your child to develop -- to become wiser ; to learn foreign languages ; to learn how to have important love relationships ; to be a good parent ; and so forth .
After 18 or 20 years , if your child continued to grow , becoming two meters , three meters , four meters , you would be very embarrassed , and actually you would be very worried about it .
People would be quite amazed , and they would even laugh .
The Link to the Economy
Unfortunately , in the economy , we have n't made this distinction .
There was a time in the rich Western countries when it was very useful to have physical expansion -- increasing capital , increasing energy use , increasing consumption of materials , more and more buildings , and so forth .
But we are far past that time now .
Unfortunately , we got into the habit of doing things to cause physical growth , and we keep trying to continue those habits .
Development in Societies
We need to know how to convert the policies and the institutions which gave us physical expansion to ones which give us development -- to the things that give us culture , understanding , peace , friendship , love , the things that are really important to society .
The Current State of Our Planet
Today there is a lot of worry and concern -- you see it in the papers , you see it in the speeches of politicians -- about climate change , about environmental damage , about falling water tables , about food and oil scarcity , and so forth .
These are really not problems , they are symptoms .
It is like your friend has cancer , and therefore has also a headache .
The headache is a symptom .
It is not in itself the problem .
You can take care of the headache - - you can give pain killers , or something , but if the headache goes away you do n't imagine that the problem is solved .
Climate change , energy scarcity , these things are symptoms .
Maybe we could solve them , maybe we wo n't .
But even if we do , it does n't eliminate the problem .
The problem is physical growth , continued population expansion , continued increase in material standards of living , in a world that has finite limits .
The Danger of Collapse
Technically speaking " collapse " is a process where things go down , out of control .
For example , if a building collapses , it falls down not under the control of anybody .
Societal collapse is for the key indicators of our society -- material standards of living , peace , trust in the government , and other things , to fall , without control .
Collapse is Near
The situation for us is kind of like living in a city which has earthquakes , let 's say Tokyo or San Francisco .
I can tell my friend in San Francisco that with 100 % probability there is going to be another really big earthquake in San Francisco - absolutely , no uncertainty about it .
But when , that is the question .
And how big ?
These are really important questions .
We do n't have any idea when .
It could be tomorrow ; it could be thirty years from now .
The same thing with collapse .
I know that the current growth in population and in material use cannot continue -- absolutely , with 100 % probability , that it is going to stop .
When ?
How ?
How seriously ?
We have no scientific way to make predictions .
The Consequences
The longer we wait to do social measures , like birth control , or voluntary simplicity , the more likely it will be that physical measures will cause this decline .
Shortages of Oil , Water , and Food
If you ask me as a person to make my guess , I would say that food will be an important factor because it reflects many of the other issues .
Definitely the climate is changing now , it is changing very quickly , that is for sure .
Climate change will reduce the possibility for food production in many areas .
That will cause problems .
Probably global oil production has already reached its maximum , I think in 2006 , but for sure in this period .
When energy becomes more and more expensive , many of the so - called modern farming technologies will become impossible ; that will reduce food production .
For example , without cheap diesel fuel , you can't pump up water for irrigation .
If you have to quit irrigating land , and start using so - called dry land agricultural techniques , productivity will go down - - less food .
So I think food production will be an important factor , but it would n't be accurate to say that it is the problem or even the only problem .
Prof. Dennis Meadows , im Gesprach mit Bert Beyers , Davos , Sept. 2009
Web developers often complain about the sedate progress of Microsoft ’s popular browser and its Trident rendering engine .
Internet Explorer 9.0 may offer features available in other browsers , but no release date has been scheduled and it ’s widely anticipated to be early 2011 .
Many have called for the company to base IE on the Webkit or Gecko rendering engines .
Unfortunately , both systems have posed implementation difficulties and have recently been targeted by hackers and spammers .
Microsoft has listened to your concerns and issued the following press statement today :
Trident is the most widely - used layout engine on the planet .
It has served Microsoft and our users for over a decade .
However , we recognize that our biennial release schedule is too slow for the modern Internet age .
Therefore , IE9 will be the last version of our browser to use Trident .
Internet Explorer 10 will be based on the Lynx layout engine .
Industry commentators have applauded Microsoft ’s bold decision .
Despite a lack of press coverage , Lynx offers several technical benefits :
The rendering engine is the fastest available .
Vendors never include Lynx in performance comparison charts because it beats all competitors by a considerable margin .
Lynx is the most secure browser ever developed .
There are no known instances of malware infections or cross - site scripting ( XSS ) exploits .
Lynx offers the most accessible user experience and can be operated with or without a mouse .
This could make it ideal for mobile phones and alternative computing devices .
The engine is compact .
The size of IE ’s installer will be reduced considerably and it will slash distribution costs .
Lynx is cross-platform so Microsoft is considering versions of IE10 for Windows , Mac OS X , Linux , BeOS and OS / 2 .
It is open source and has been in development far longer than any other engine .
According to Microsoft ’s development team , Lynx offers a solid foundation for future versions of Internet Explorer but several technical hurdles lay ahead :
Microsoft has an obligation to business customers and a number of IE ’s popular innovations are missing from the Lynx engine .
We will therefore implement essential functionality such as the blink and marquee tags at the earliest opportunity .
However , it ’s not all good news .
Microsoft has admitted that IE10 will not be available on Windows XP or Vista : you will require Windows 7 to experience the speed and security of the new browser .
Fortunately , the OS is still available at a discounted price from Amazon US …
and Amazon.co.uk :
Will you switch to Internet Explorer 10 once the Lynx engine is implemented ?
Will you upgrade to Windows 7 to use the browser ?
Would you consider migrating from Mac OS X , Linux , BeOS or OS / 2 ?
Or will you wait for Microsoft to release IE on your system ?
Cleveland , Ohio Juvenile Court Judge Alison
Floyd is forcing sexual assault survivors to take a polygraph test before their attackers are sentenced .
To date , at least four teenage girls have been ordered to do so .
All have refused .
According to reports from the Cleveland Plain Dealer , even prosecutors see the problem .
Ordering sex crime survivors to undergo polygraph testing exceeds judicial authority over victims , says Assistant County Prosecutor Nicole Ellis .
Plain Dealer reporters Rachel Dissell and Leila Atassi write that Judge Floyd also “ ordered the teenage boys who were accused of rape and other sex crimes in those cases to undergo polygraph examinations as part of an assessment done before the teens would be sentenced . ”
Although the defendants have not objected , this raises procedural concerns about due process for teens in the legal system .
But back to the sexual assault survivors .
Still not sure what the problem is ?
Here ’s the breakdown :
• The judge ’s order may violate Ohio ’s rape shield law , which is intended to prevent courts from effectively trying the victim instead of the defendant .
• Forcing victims to take a polygraph test violates the federal Violence Against Women Act ( VAWA ) .
• Polygraph testing can be intimidating for rape survivors who already have difficulty in coming forward .
Cleveland Rape Crisis Center president and CEO Megan O’Bryan tells Ms.:
We want to create a culture where survivors are supported in coming forward .
Forced polygraph testing sends a message that survivors ’ stories are not believed .
This sort of order contributes to the fact that sexual assault is a vastly underreported crime .
The National Center for Victims of Crime ( NCVC ) indicates that a mere 39 percent of rapes or sexual assaults are reported to law enforcement agencies .
Of those assaults reported , even fewer lead to convictions , partly because of extreme delays in testing rape kits .
Yet , according to a 2009 publication by researchers from The National Center for the Prosecution of Violence Against Women , false reports of sexual assault are only between 2 to 8 percent .
Ashleigh Klein , a Los Angeles - based sexual assault prevention educator , points out that polygraph testing adds to problem of discouraging reporting and encouraging misinformation .
She tells Ms. :
In my work I repeatedly hear the myth that women lie about rape to get back at men or because they are embarrassed by what they have done .
We know that this just is n’t true .
Reporting a rape and having a rape kit exam done can be extremely devastating to someone who has just experienced trauma .
A very small percentage of women would voluntarily go through this invasive process and not be telling the truth .
Clearly , when it comes to sexual assault , what ’s needed is more streamlined criminal justice procedure , not further blockades to victim support .
We hope Judge Floyd gets the message .
Read more on justice and law from Ms .
Business requirements often seem an impossible target for most of us when they are chalked out .
What creates a difference in the successful completion of the same is how one plans out the fulfillment of the same .
Planning is the crucial part which many professionals fail to pay sufficient importance to .
Spend your time chalking out actionable plans :
Its crucial for your success .
Attribution to page removed due to reported broken link .
Share this :
Tweet
WhatsApp
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Go anywhere in Australia and you ’ll feel it .
That deep , raw , unbridled passion Aussies have for their Tim Tam® biscuits .
That kind of love is hard to understand .
Until of course , you try one .
Do n’t be fooled by its chocolaty , creamy , crunchy appearance though ; Tim Tam® is no cookie !
Sure , you can dip them in milk , leave them out for Santa , even keep them in a cookie jar , but it ’s still not a cookie .
Its absolute awesomeness cannot be defined .
THE city most comparable to Portland might be Vancouver in Canada , reckons Sam Adams , Portland 's mayor , although “ we look to Amsterdam , Helsinki and Stockholm ” for ideas .
Ethan Seltzer , a professor of urban planning in Portland , thinks little Freiburg , in Germany , is the best comparison , with its similar obsessions about recycling , sustainability , public transit and bicycling .
Others pick Zurich , which , like Portland , has a view of snow - capped mountains , orderly ( bordering on staid ) streets with trams , even the same peculiar fondness for direct democracy and tolerance of assisted suicide .
This might seem odd for a city on the American West Coast that once was the terminus of the Oregon Trail and has a cowboys - and - rodeos heritage .
The locals , in fact , enjoy feeling odd : “ Keep Portland weird ” , say bumper stickers on the city 's cars , which all seem to be hybrid- electric vehicles .
“ Keep Portland sanctimonious , ” mumble a few contrarians , while others savour the irony that Portland had to steal the slogan from Austin , Texas .
But on the whole , Portlanders not only love their city but believe that it is , and ought to be , a model for the rest of America .
Mr Adams has personally contributed by becoming the first ( though no longer the only ) openly gay mayor of a big American city , and even surviving a recall attempt after a sex scandal ( he is now confronting another ) .
Mr Adams has a vision of progressive urbanism : a city where most people cycle or ride the streetcar , recycle what they consume , exist in harmony with nature and live in communities rather than the suburban sprawl of cities like Los Angeles , Houston , Phoenix or Atlanta .
Nature , in fact , is the main draw for the mostly young and single newcomers to this city , almost the fastest - growing on the West Coast , says Joe Cortright , a Portland economist : the ocean to the west ; the Cascade mountains to the east ; and the high desert beyond them .
The vineyards of pinot noir and chardonnay along the Willamette Valley are all within a manageable drive .
In Portland , “ business casual ” means wearing a fleece .
The area 's main industrial cluster is “ activewear ” , led by Nike and Columbia Sportswear and including thousands of smaller companies .
The environment is also the main theme of public policy .
The biggest force in local politics is not a party ( Democrats in effect rule without opposition ) but cyclists .
The bike lanes are impressive and getting even better now as streets get “ bioswales ” , patches of turf and shrub that capture and filter storm water and simultaneously calm traffic and separate pedestrians and cyclists from the Priuses .
Those who can't bike are encouraged to use public transport , which is free downtown .
Mr Adams says Portland 's success is “ totally replicable ” .
But much of it seems to be an unintended consequence of land - use policies dating back to 1973 .
Back then , Oregon adopted “ urban - growth boundaries ” ( UGBs ) to preserve the farmlands that were then the mainstay of Oregon 's economy .
Over time the rationale for UGBs changed to “ do n't Californicate Oregon ” — ie , do n't become Los Angeles , a freeway sprawl with no centre .
The result has been unusually compact living , which is in turn easily served by public transport .
But cities with sprawling , California - style layouts will find it harder to make people use public transport .
Phoenix , for example , has an excellent light - rail system , but it is often empty .
And it may be even harder for such cities to get their residents to live more closely together .
Joel Kotkin , a Los Angeles - based demographer and author , thinks that places like Portland , San Francisco and Boston have become “ elite cities ” , attractive to the young and single , especially those with trust funds , but beyond the reach of middle - class families who want a house with a lawn .
Indeed Portland , for all its history of Western grit , is remarkably white , young and childless .
Most Americans will therefore continue to migrate to the more affordable “ cities of aspiration ” such as Houston , Atlanta or Phoenix , thinks Mr Kotkin .
As they do so , they may turn decentralised sprawl into quilts of energetic suburbs with a community feeling .
That is not to belittle Portland 's vision .
It is a sophisticated and forward - looking place .
Which other city can boast that its main attraction is a bustling independent book store ( Powell 's ) and that medical students can go from one part of their campus to another by gondola , taking their bikes with them ?
Other cities will see much to emulate .
Minneapolis , for example , this month displaced Portland as Bicycling magazine 's most bike - friendly city ( “ they got extra points for biking in the snow , ” grumble Mr Adams 's staff ) .
Adam Davis of Davis , Hibbitts & Midghall , a Portland polling firm , says that Oregonians like to consider themselves leaders but also exceptions .
They are likely to remain both .
Even if you are beginner , you can benefit
from financial markets thanks to our copy
service - Share4you !
Even if you are beginner , you can benefit
from financial markets thanks to our copy
service - Share4you !
Even if you are beginner , you can benefit
from financial markets thanks to our copy
service - Share4you !
Settlers Torch Olive Orchard In Hebron Saed Bannoura IMEMC - March 13 , 2010
A group of fundamentalist Jewish settlers burnt on Thursday at night an olive orchard in Safa village , north west of Hebron , in the southern part of the West Bank .
Dozens of settlers torched the grove while the Israeli army did not attempt to intervene or stop them .
The residents called the local civil defense and firefighters but the army prevented them from reaching the grove .
Soldiers also attacked an international peace activist and confiscated his camera for taking pictures of the assault and the soldiers .
The land in question is 25 Dunams ( 6.17 Acres ) planted with Olives and some evergreens .
:: Article nr. 64139 sent on 13 - mar-2010 23:14 ECT
www.uruknet.info?p=64139
::
The views expressed in this article are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website .
The section for the comments of our readers has been closed , because of many out - of - topics .
Now you can post your own comments into our Facebook page : www.facebook.com/uruknet
Warning : include (./ share/share2.php ) : failed to open stream :
No such file or directory in /home / content/25/8427425/html/vhosts/uruknet/colonna-centrale-pagina-ansi.php on line 385
Warning : include ( ) : Failed opening './share/share2.php ' for inclusion ( include_path='.:/usr/local/php5_6/lib/php') in /home / content/25/8427425/html/vhosts/uruknet/colonna-centrale-pagina-ansi.php on line 385
[ Printable version ] | [
Send it to a friend ]
[ Contatto / Contact ] | [ Home Page ] | [ Tutte le notizie / All news ]
The water is crystalline , the sand is whiter than white , and elegantly bent palm trees sway in the breeze .
This is how the Seychelles markets itself : as “ another world . ”
Tourism is the mainstay of this heavenly island , averaging 20 percent of GDP and 60 percent of foreign exchange earnings .
But given the climate crisis , prospects are dim for climate - vulnerable island nations like the Seychelles .
Half of its population lives in coastal areas directly exposed to rising ocean levels , coastal erosion , flooding , and erratic rainfall .
The island is also heavily dependent on agriculture , with 70 percent of crops located in the coastal areas and subject to increasingly common saltwater tidal surges .
The rising waters thus threaten the livelihoods of the people of Seychelles , as well as the existence of the island itself .
According to projections by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , many of these island nations are likely to disappear by the end of 21st century .
One reason may be the increasing scarcity of fresh water sources .
“ The Seychelles , in particular , is almost entirely dependent on surface water and therefore highly vulnerable , ” revealed the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change .
The future of this paradise is n’t as immediately dire as the Maldives , its fellow member of the Alliance of Small Islands States ( AOSIS ) formed in the lead - up to the Copenhagen Climate Summit .
The lowest country on the planet , the Maldives has a maximum ground level of 7.5 feet ( one inch below the height of Chinese basketball player , Yao Ming ) .
But the Seychelles would be one of the next islands in line if the water level does n’t stop rising .
The sad irony , however , is that despite producing little in the way of carbon emissions , both island nations may have contributed to their own demise .
After all , the Seychelles and the Maldives share the same secret underpinning to their respective economies .
More than 50 percent of AOSIS members are secrecy jurisdictions , misleadingly labeled as offshore centers and tax havens .
These economies — characterized by opaque legal and financial services ensuring little or no disclosure , high levels of client confidentiality , and few requirements for substantial economic activity — are recipients of illicit capital .
These laundered profits have been siphoned from resource - rich but artificially impoverished developing nations .
Such island hubs act as key facilitators of the network by providing offshore financial services , remotely controlled from onshore head offices such as the City of London .
Mobile units of lawyers , bankers , and accountants serve as the intermediaries between white - gloved multinationals and black - gloved political elites .
The money that could otherwise go toward reducing the carbon footprint of multinationals and funding sustainable development in developing countries is instead sunk in island accounts .
And that money may well end up sinking the islands themselves .
Islands of Money
Presently , almost $ 13 trillion in secrecy - protected wealth is held offshore and out of reach .
If moderately taxed , these funds would yield over $ 250 billion .
Such funds could more than finance the Millennium Development Goals , which are estimated by the World Bank at $ 40 - $ 60 billion annually through 2015 .
They could also go toward the adaption and mitigation funds needed by developing and emerging nations , which the UN puts at $ 4 - 86 billion annually .
But the recovery of this illicit capital will be difficult .
The islands that host these accounts are dependent on this revenue .
The economy of the Seychelles is dependent on the financial sector for 11 percent of its GDP .
This puts the Seychelles not far behind the notorious Cayman Islands , the world ’s fifth largest financial center , where financial services account for 14 percent of GDP .
Switzerland , which launders one - third of all illicit capital , depends on financial services for 15 percent of its GDP .
Most island economies are politically and economically dependent on major economies like the United Kingdom and the United States .
They compete to be the offshore repository of choice by offering opaque financial and legal services and low or zero tax rates .
Through these secrecy services , developed governments are also on the final receiving end of illicit flight from regions like sub-Saharan Africa , which is a net creditor to developed nations .
The Source of Funds
Nigeria is Africa ’s largest oil producer and the fifth largest exporter to the United States .
Since the 1960s , the country ’s political and military elite has stolen more than $ 400 billion in oil revenues from Nigeria ’s citizenry and deposited it in secrecy jurisdictions such as Switzerland .
Meanwhile , despite the extravagant promises of multinationals like Chevron operating in the country , Nigeria ’s people have become progressively poorer .
The extractive industries have generated considerable opposition , human rights violations , and violence .
And the mass ecological degradation is pegged at $ 5 billion per annum .
Africa does not share much responsibility for global warming .
The continent only contributes 3 percent of global greenhouse emissions .
But the extractive industries that operate in Africa are major emitters .
Shell , for instance , emits more greenhouse gasses than many countries :
Its carbon emissions of 102 million tons in 2005 exceeded the emissions of 150 countries .
Although Africa occupies a small carbon footprint , the continent ’s autocratic regimes in Angola , Nigeria , the Congo , and Gabon are located at the base of the commodity chain and depend primarily on the capital - intensive extractive industries that supply the world ’s largest carbon - intensive engines with a significant share of fuel .
But neither the corrupt regimes nor the corporations that financed and facilitated global warming made it to the Copenhagen agenda .
At Copenhagen
The discussions at the climate change conference in Copenhagen last year focused on “ developed ” and “ developing ” nations , and the new market for carbon offsets .
Industrialized governments created these carbon permits from thin air and allocated them to the largest multinationals with the largest carbon footprints .
The latter architects of the system , Goldman Sachs , with foreign subsidiaries criss - crossing the globe from the Bermuda to the Cayman Islands , Hong Kong to Jersey , Ireland , the British Virgin Islands and Africa ’s own world - famed hub , Mauritius , not only designed the huge carbon market , but also hold a 10 percent share in Al Gore ’s Chicago Climate Exchange ( CCX ) — the pilot carbon trading program in the United States .
Gore ’s CCX , whose board includes top VIPs such as the UN ’s Kofi Annan and the World Bank ’s James Wolfensohn , had advocated for the privatization of the atmosphere as far back at the Rio Earth Summit .
One well - publicized engine of the new carbon trade is the Clean Development Mechanism ( CDM ) , which enables polluters to circumvent caps by financing projects in the developing world that emit little or no carbon .
Yet , according to studies by Stanford University ’s Energy and Sustainable Development Program , “ between a third and two - thirds ” of CDM projects do not represent real reductions .
Meanwhile , G20 governments subsidized fossil fuels to the tune of $ 300 billion in 2009 .
So , as the G20 spends its time creating a carbon trade market that does little to reduce carbon emissions , multinationals continue to expand their extractive enterprises , dictators continue to siphon off capital , financial firms cash in on pollution credits , and this illicit capital continues to flow into offshore locations that are themselves threatened by the rising waters associated with global warming .
STRONGSVILLE , Ohio ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama on Monday delivered an emotional closing argument for his healthcare plan , kicking off a week he hopes will end with a conclusive vote in Congress after a year of debate .
Although publicly confident of passing the overhaul , Democrats in Washington were scrambling behind the scenes to line up votes in the U.S. House of Representatives and persuade wavering moderate Democrats to pass a Senate - approved bill .
On a visit to Ohio , Obama again criticized the health insurance industry to make his case for a revamp of the system to rein in what he called abuses by insurers , declaring it is time for “ health insurance reform , right now ! ”
“ We ca n’t have a system that works better for the insurance companies than it does for the American people , ” he said to raucous cheers at the campaign - style event .
Obama used the case of a cancer - stricken Ohio woman , Natoma Canfield , who had written him a letter describing her worsening health and rising insurance premiums to show why his changes were needed in the $ 2.5 trillion U.S. healthcare system .
He also cited the case of his Kansas - born mother , Ann Dunham , who died of cancer in 1995 .
“ I ’m here because of my own mother ’s story .
She died of cancer and in the last six months of her life , she was on the phone in her hospital room arguing with insurance companies instead of focusing on getting well and spending time with her family , ” Obama said .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , a Democrat , was trying to wrap up the votes of Obama ’s key domestic goal over the opposition of Republicans , who consider the Democrats ’ plans a government takeover of healthcare that will lead to higher premiums .
Obama delayed his first overseas trip of the year this week to help round up votes for the overhaul , the focus of a pitched political battle that has consumed the U.S. Congress for the last nine months .
In a two - step process , House Democrats want to approve the Senate ’s version of the bill this week and make the changes sought by Obama and House Democrats through a separate measure passed under budget reconciliation rules .
Those rules require only a simple majority in the 100 - member Senate , bypassing the need for 60 votes to overcome Republican procedural hurdles .
The House and Senate hope to finish work on the second bill before starting a two - week Easter recess on March 26 .
Ein zurückhaltender Ausblick für die Landwirtschafts - Sparte lastet auf den Bayer - Aktien .
Sie gaben am Donnerstag im vorbörslichen Handel bei Lang & Schwarz 4,7 Prozent nach .
BANGKOK — After months of internal debate , members of the party of Daw Aung San Suu Kyi , the long - detained pro-democracy leader , defied Myanmar ’s junta by announcing Monday that they would boycott the country ’s first elections in two decades .
The move raises questions about both the future of the Burmese opposition and the credibility of the vote .
According to election laws the junta released earlier this month , the decision means that the party that has served as the mainstay of the country ’s democratic movement for two decades , the National League for Democracy , will be automatically dissolved .
Western governments , including the United States and Britain , had said that Mrs. Aung San Suu Kyi ’s participation and that of her party were prerequisites for legitimate elections .
On Monday , U Win Tin , a founding member and strategist for the party , said that more than 100 delegates were unanimous in their decision .
“ We will ask the people around us not to vote in the election : Please boycott , ” he said in a telephone interview .
He said that the party would try to continue political activities after it is disbanded .
“ We will work for the people , ” he said .
The death toll from storm Xynthia rose to 53 on Sunday , as hurricane - force winds and rain lashed western Europe .
More than one million people were left without power in a 500 kilometre area stretching from the Brittany peninsula to the Massif Central mountain range .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy is visiting the battered Atlantic coast on Monday .
Advertising Read more
The hazardous weather conditions had subsided by Monday morning but France was left picking up the pieces , with more than fifty deaths attributed to flooding and violent winds .
Gusts reached 150 kilometres per hour in some parts .
France will declare the storm a national disaster , said French Prime Minister François Fillon .
" My thoughts are with the victims and their families , " he said .
" Our priority is to give shelter to all people who are still unprotected and threatened by the rising waters .
Together with the local authorities , the government will hasten to rebuild and reinforce embankments . "
The country will ask the European Union if they can release funds from its regional budget in order to help pay for recovery operations .
Minister for Europe Pierre Lellouche will go to Brussels on Monday .
Many residents were not expecting the storm to be so violent .
Most of those killed by Xynthia were drowned in the coastal towns of the Vendee and Charente - Maritime regions which were severely flooded .
EDF , the French electricity firm , said around half a million clients would be without power during Sunday night , as Fillon confirmed it could take days to restore electricity to all of those affected .
Weather forecasters tracked the storm as it eventually passed into Germany , Belgium and the Netherlands on Sunday evening .
Daily newsletterReceive essential international news every morning Subscribe
As volcanic ash spreads from an eruption under a glacier in the Eyjafjallajokull region of Iceland , the British have taken the drastic step of locking down the country 's airspace .
Here 's why .
Advertisement
The world 's bustling air traffic corridors pass over hundreds of volcanoes just like the one in Iceland — all of which are capable of sudden , explosive eruptions of fire and ash .
In the United States alone , aircraft carry many thousands of passengers and millions of dollars of cargo over volcanoes each day .
As we see today , volcanic ash can be a serious hazard to aviation even thousands of miles from an eruption .
Airborne ash can diminish visibility , damage flight control systems , and most importantly , cause jet engines to fail .
Advertisement
In fact , according to Boeing public relations officials , in the past 30 years , more than 90 jet - powered commercial airplanes have encountered clouds of volcanic ash and suffered damage as a result .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Here 's an example of one such case .
The Story of KLM Flight 867
On December 15 , 1989 , clouds of ash from an eruption at Mt. Redoubt Volcano in Alaska nearly caused a Boeing 747 jetliner ( KLM Flight 867 ) carrying 231 passengers to crash land after losing power to all four engines .
Advertisement
As the crew of KLM Flight 867 struggled to restart the plane 's engines , " smoke " and a strong odor of sulfur filled the cockpit and cabin .
For five long minutes the powerless 747 jetliner , bound for Anchorage , Alaska , with 231 terrified passengers aboard , fell in silence toward the rugged , snow - covered Talkeetna Mountains ( 7,000 to 11,000 feet high ) .
All four engines had flamed out when the aircraft inadvertently entered a cloud of ash blown from erupting Redoubt Volcano , 150 miles away .
The volcano had begun erupting 10 hours earlier on that morning of December 15 , 1989 .
Only after the crippled jet had dropped from an altitude of 27,900 feet to 13,300 feet ( a fall of more than 2 miles ) was the crew able to restart all engines and land the plane safely at Anchorage .
The plane required $ 80 million in repairs , including the replacement of all four damaged engines .
Advertisement
How did it happen ?
It 's a process that 's sort of like Mother Nature 's version of a " Cash for Clunkers " engine getting killed .
Volcanic ash normally contains glassy materials , such as silicates , whose melting points are 600 degrees Celsius to 800 degrees Celsius .
Since internal temperature of in - flight jet engine exceed 1000 degrees Celsius , glassy particles in volcanic ash inhaled by the engines instantly melt .
In the course of exhaust , the glassy materials are rapidly cooled down in the turbine chamber , stick on the turbine vanes , and disturb the flow of high - pressure combustion gases .
This disorder of the flow may stop the entire engine in serious cases — such as KLM Flight 867 .
Advertisement
Such dangerous and costly encounters between aircraft and volcanic ash can happen because ash clouds are difficult to distinguish from ordinary clouds , both visually and on radar .
Also , ash clouds can drift great distances from their source .
For example , in less than 3 days , the ash cloud from the June 15 , 1991 , eruption of Mount Pinatubo in the Philippines traveled more than 5,000 miles to the east coast of Africa .
This ash cloud damaged more than 20 aircraft — including the DC - 10 shown above — most of which were flying more than 600 miles from the volcano .
Advertisement
So today 's decision by British aviation officials to clear UK airspace until at least 1:00 am EST on Friday , while difficult , makes a heck of a lot of sense .
Photo Credit : R.L. Rieger , U.S. Navy ; Eric Moody , British Airways ; Árni Sæberg , Icelandic Coast Guard
Your invitation to join Dotsub was successful
There was an error inviting that user to Dotsub
Hulu , the popular online site for watching television shows , plans to begin testing a subscription service as soon as May 24 , according to people with knowledge of the plans .
Under the proposal , Hulu would continue to provide for free the five most recent episodes of shows like Fox 's " Glee , " " ABC's " Lost " or NBC's " Saturday Night Live . "
But viewers who want to see additional episodes would pay $ 9.95 a month to access a more comprehensive selection , called Hulu Plus , these people said .
Hulu , which ranks second only to Google 's YouTube in terms of monthly video streams in the U.S. , said it turned an operating profit in its two most recent quarters .
The 2 - year - old service , which is owned by media giants News Corp. , NBC Universal and the Walt Disney Co. , generated more than $ 100 million in revenue from advertising .
Still , that does n't come close to matching the revenue that these companies are accustomed to raking in from their more established businesses .
That 's why Hulu is under pressure from its owners to collect a subscription fee to both bolster revenue and train viewers to pay for online access to professionally produced content .
Television executives do n't want to suffer the same fate as music industry or newspapers , which saw users flock to free access to songs , stories and classified ads online -- and revenues plummet .
In the past , Hulu primarily offered shows that were broadcast over the air for free .
But now , as the major networks are trying to extract payments from cable operators and television station groups , they can no longer justify offering the same shows online for free .
Shows on Hulu also carry commercials , however there are fewer spots there than on regular television .
Ultimately , Hulu is expected to adopt the same commercial loads as network television .
Hulu did not immediately respond to requests for comment .
-- Dawn C. Chmielewski and Meg James
The Hulu video player displays a scene from " Arrested Development . "
Credit : Twentieth Century Fox and Imagine Entertainment .
President Obama says he is exploring four Republican proposals to add to his updated health care plan , according to a letter he sent today to congressional leaders .
The GOP ideas -- discussed at last week 's bipartisan health care summit -- include expanding the use of fraud investigators disguised as patients to uncover waste and abuse in federal programs such as Medicaid , a proposal made by Sen .
Tom Coburn , R - Okla .
Obama also says he 's open to bigger pilot programs on possible changes to the rules governing medical malpractice lawsuits , a longtime GOP issue .
Obama also wrote that he is open to the idea of higher Medicaid reimbursements for doctors , as proposed by Sen.
Chuck Grassley , R - Iowa .
And the president pledged to look at expanded use of health savings accounts , as discussed last week by Sen.
John Barrasso , R - Wyo.
Barrasso and Coburn were among the medical doctor - lawmakers who participated in the summit .
These ideas will be added to the $ 950 billion plan that Obama proposed last week .
Obama will discuss an updated plan Wednesday at the White House .
" After decades of trying , we 're closer than we 've ever been to making health insurance reform a reality , " Obama wrote in his letter .
" I look forward to working with you to complete what would be a truly historic achievement . "
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R - Ky. , described Obama 's offer as " a few items inadequately addressed in a 2,700 - page bill . "
He told reporters , " I know you all have heard this before , but what we need to do is put the 2,700 - page bill on the shelf , start over with a blank piece of paper , and go step - by - step to fix the cost problem . "
The president said he would not include other Republican proposals , include their suggestion that health care legislation be approached in a step - by - step fashion .
" I also believe that piecemeal reform is not the best way to effectively reduce premiums , end the exclusion of people with pre-existing conditions or offer Americans the security of knowing that they will never lose coverage , even if they lose or change jobs , " he wrote .
Obama noted that his plan deletes proposals that Republicans have attacked in recent weeks .
They include exempting the state of Nebraska from Medicaid costs , and maintaining Medicare Advantage benefits from residents of Florida .
House Minority Leader Eric Cantor , R - Va. , said the four suggested ideas do n't address the high costs and increased bureaucracy of the Obama plan , such as the requirement that all Americans buy health insurance .
" If he President simply adds a couple of Republican solutions to a trillion dollar health care package that the American people do n't support , it is n't bipartisanship , " Cantor said .
" It 's political cover . "
( Posted by David Jackson )
Funding for FRONTLINE is provided through the support of PBS viewers .
Major funding for FRONTLINE is provided by the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation .
Additional funding is provided by the Park Foundation and by the FRONTLINE Journalism Fund .
Major funding for College , Inc. is provided by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation .
Additional funding is provided by Lumina Foundation for Education .
New album " AMNESTY ( l ) " out now .
Vinyl / CD includes bonus track " Kept " .
All band 's proceeds from album will be donated to Amnesty International .
Available On: AMNESTY ( l):01 Femen02 Fleece03 Char04 Enth05 Sadist06 Teach Her How to Hunt07 Chloroform08 Frail09 Concrete10 Ornament11 Kept12 Their Kindness Is CharadeLyrics : http://crystalcastles.com/releases/amnesty-I/
---------------------------------------------------------Aug 18 2016SADISTa message from Edith :---------------------------------------------------------Aug 16 2016FLEECE---------------------------------------------------------Aug 12 2016CHLOROFORM---------------------------------------------------------Aug 4 2016ENTH---------------------------------------------------------Jul 11 2016CHAR---------------------------------------------------------Jul 6 2016CONCRETE---------------------------------------------------------Jul 6 2016CONCRETE ( link for Germany ) ---------------------------------------------------------Jun 30 2016FEMEN---------------------------------------------------------Jul 2 2015DEICIDE---------------------------------------------------------Apr 16 2015 FRAIL---------------------------------------------------------Jul 29 2013 Untrust
Us covered by Capital Children 's Choir
JEAN PIAGET 1896 - 1980 Dr. C. George Boeree
Biography
Jean Piaget was born in Neuchâtel , Switzerland , on August 9 , 1896 .
His father , Arthur Piaget , was a professor of medieval literature with an interest in local history .
His mother , Rebecca Jackson , was intelligent and energetic , but Jean found her a bit neurotic -- an impression that he said led to his interest in psychology , but away from pathology !
The oldest child , he was quite independent and took an early interest in nature , especially the collecting of shells .
He published his first “ paper ” when he was ten -- a one page account of his sighting of an albino sparrow .
He began publishing in earnest in high school on his favorite subject , mollusks .
He was particularly pleased to get a part time job with the director of Nuechâtel ’s Museum of Natural History , Mr. Godel .
His work became well known among European students of mollusks , who assumed he was an adult !
All this early experience with science kept him away , he says , from “ the demon of philosophy . ”
Later in adolescence , he faced a bit a crisis of faith : Encouraged by his mother to attend religious instruction , he found religious argument childish .
Studying various philosophers and the application of logic , he dedicated himself to finding a “ biological explanation of knowledge . ”
Ultimately , philosophy failed to assist him in his search , so he turned to psychology .
After high school , he went on to the University of Neuchâtel .
Constantly studying and writing , he became sickly , and had to retire to the mountains for a year to recuperate .
When he returned to Neuchâtel , he decided he would write down his philosophy .
A fundamental point became a centerpiece for his entire life ’s work : “ In all fields of life ( organic , mental , social ) there exist ‘ totalities ’ qualitatively distinct from their parts and imposing on them an organization . ”
This principle forms the basis of his structuralist philosophy , as it would for the Gestaltists , Systems Theorists , and many others .
In 1918 , Piaget received his Doctorate in Science from the University of Neuchâtel .
He worked for a year at psychology labs in Zurich and at Bleuler ’s famous psychiatric clinic .
During this period , he was introduced to the works of Freud , Jung , and others .
In 1919 , he taught psychology and philosophy at the Sorbonne in Paris .
Here he met Simon ( of Simon - Binet fame ) and did research on intelligence testing .
He did n’t care for the “ right - or - wrong ” style of the intelligent tests and started interviewing his subjects at a boys school instead , using the psychiatric interviewing techniques he had learned the year before .
In other words , he began asking how children reasoned .
In 1921 , his first article on the psychology of intelligence was published in the Journal de Psychologie .
In the same year , he accepted a position at the Institut J. J. Rousseau in Geneva .
Here he began with his students to research the reasoning of elementary school children .
This research became his first five books on child psychology .
Although he considered this work highly preliminary , he was surprised by the strong positive public reaction to his work .
In 1923 , he married one of his student coworkers , Valentine Châtenay .
In 1925 , their first daughter was born ; in 1927 , their second daughter was born ; and in 1931 , their only son was born .
They immediately became the focus of intense observation by Piaget and his wife .
This research became three more books !
In 1929 , Piaget began work as the director of the International Bureau of Education , a post he would hold until 1967 .
He also began large scale research with A. Szeminska , E. Meyer , and especially Bärbel Inhelder , who would become his major collaborator .
Piaget , it should be noted , was particularly influential in bringing women into experimental psychology .
Some of this work , however , would n’t reach the world outside of Switzerland until World War II was over .
In 1940 , He became chair of Experimental Psychology , the Director of the psychology laboratory , and the president of the Swiss Society of Psychology .
In 1942 , he gave a series of lectures at the Collège de France , during the Nazi occupation of France .
These lectures became The Psychology of Intelligence .
At the end of the war , he was named President of the Swiss Commission of UNESCO .
Also during this period , he received a number of honorary degrees .
He received one from the Sorbonne in 1946 , the University of Brussels and the University of Brazil in 1949 , on top of an earlier one from Harvard in 1936 .
And , in 1949 and 1950 , he published his synthesis , Introduction to Genetic Epistemology .
In 1952 , he became a professor at the Sorbonne .
In 1955 , he created the International Center for Genetic Epistemology , of which he served as director the rest of his life .
And , in 1956 , he created the School of Sciences at the University of Geneva .
He continued working on a general theory of structures and tying his psychological work to biology for many more years .
Likewise , he continued his public service through UNESCO as a Swiss delegate .
By the end of his career , he had written over 60 books and many hundreds of articles .
He died in Geneva , September 16 , 1980 , one of the most significant psychologists of the twentieth century .
Theory
Jean Piaget began his career as a biologist -- specifically , a malacologist !
But his interest in science and the history of science soon overtook his interest in snails and clams .
As he delved deeper into the thought - processes of doing science , he became interested in the nature of thought itself , especially in the development of thinking .
Finding relatively little work done in the area , he had the opportunity to give it a label .
He called it genetic epistemology , meaning the study of the development of knowledge .
He noticed , for example , that even infants have certain skills in regard to objects in their environment .
These skills were certainly simple ones , sensori - motor skills , but they directed the way in which the infant explored his or her environment and so how they gained more knowledge of the world and more sophisticated exploratory skills .
These skills he called schemas .
For example , an infant knows how to grab his favorite rattle and thrust it into his mouth .
He ’s got that schema down pat .
When he comes across some other object -- say daddy ’s expensive watch , he easily learns to transfer his “ grab and thrust ” schema to the new object .
This Piaget called assimilation , specifically assimilating a new object into an old schema .
When our infant comes across another object again -- say a beach ball -- he will try his old schema of grab and thrust .
This of course works poorly with the new object .
So the schema will adapt to the new object : Perhaps , in this example , “ squeeze and drool ” would be an appropriate title for the new schema .
This is called accommodation , specifically accomodating an old schema to a new object .
Assimilation and accommodation are the two sides of adaptation , Piaget ’s term for what most of us would call learning .
Piaget saw adaptation , however , as a good deal broader than the kind of learning that Behaviorists in the US were talking about .
He saw it as a fundamentally biological process .
Even one ’s grip has to accommodate to a stone , while clay is assimilated into our grip .
All living things adapt , even without a nervous system or brain .
Assimilation and accommodation work like pendulum swings at advancing our understanding of the world and our competency in it .
According to Piaget , they are directed at a balance between the structure of the mind and the environment , at a certain congruency between the two , that would indicate that you have a good ( or at least good - enough ) model of the universe .
This ideal state he calls equilibrium .
As he continued his investigation of children , he noted that there were periods where assimilation dominated , periods where accommodation dominated , and periods of relative equilibrium , and that these periods were similar among all the children he looked at in their nature and their timing .
And so he developed the idea of stages of cognitive development .
These constitute a lasting contribution to psychology .
The sensorimotor stage
The first stage , to which we have already referred , is the sensorimotor stage .
It lasts from birth to about two years old .
As the name implies , the infant uses senses and motor abilities to understand the world , beginning with reflexes and ending with complex combinations of sensorimotor skills .
Between one and four months , the child works on primary circular reactions -- just an action of his own which serves as a stimulus to which it responds with the same action , and around and around we go .
For example , the baby may suck her thumb .
That feels good , so she sucks some more ...
Or she may blow a bubble .
That ’s interesting so I ’ll do it again ....
Between four and 12 months , the infant turns to secondary circular reactions , which involve an act that extends out to the environment :
She may squeeze a rubber duckie .
It goes “ quack . ”
That ’s great , so do it again , and again , and again .
She is learning “ procedures that make interesting things last . ”
At this point , other things begin to show up as well .
For example , babies become ticklish , although they must be aware that someone else is tickling them or it wo n’t work .
And they begin to develop object permanence .
This is the ability to recognize that , just because you ca n’t see something does n’t mean it ’s gone !
Younger infants seem to function by an “ out of sight , out of mind ” schema .
Older infants remember , and may even try to find things they can no longer see .
Between 12 months and 24 months , the child works on tertiary circular reactions .
They consist of the same “ making interesting things last ” cycle , except with constant variation .
I hit the drum with the stick -- rat - tat - tat - tat .
I hit the block with the stick -- thump - thump .
I hit the table with the stick -- clunk - clunk .
I hit daddy with the stick -- ouch - ouch .
This kind of active experimentation is best seen during feeding time , when discovering new and interesting ways of throwing your spoon , dish , and food .
Around one and a half , the child is clearly developing mental representation , that is , the ability to hold an image in their mind for a period beyond the immediate experience .
For example , they can engage in deferred imitation , such as throwing a tantrum after seeing one an hour ago .
They can use mental combinations to solve simple problems , such as putting down a toy in order to open a door .
And they get good at pretending .
Instead of using dollies essentially as something to sit at , suck on , or throw , now the child will sing to it , tuck it into bed , and so on .
Preoperational stage
The preoperational stage lasts from about two to about seven years old .
Now that the child has mental representations and is able to pretend , it is a short step to the use of symbols .
A symbol is a thing that represents something else .
A drawing , a written word , or a spoken word comes to be understood as representing a real dog .
The use of language is , of course , the prime example , but another good example of symbol use is creative play , wherein checkers are cookies , papers are dishes , a box is the table , and so on .
By manipulating symbols , we are essentially thinking , in a way the infant could not : in the absence of the actual objects involved !
Along with symbolization , there is a clear understanding of past and future .
for example , if a child is crying for its mother , and you say “ Mommy will be home soon , ” it will now tend to stop crying .
Or if you ask him , “ Remember when you fell down ? ” he will respond by making a sad face .
On the other hand , the child is quite egocentric during this stage , that is , he sees things pretty much from one point of view : his own !
She may hold up a picture so only she can see it and expect you to see it too .
Or she may explain that grass grows so she wo n’t get hurt when she falls .
Piaget did a study to investigate this phenomenon called the mountains study .
He would put children in front of a simple plaster mountain range and seat himself to the side , then ask them to pick from four pictures the view that he , Piaget , would see .
Younger children would pick the picture of the view they themselves saw ; older kids picked correctly .
Similarly , younger children center on one aspect of any problem or communication at a time .
for example , they may not understand you when you tell them “ Your father is my husband . ”
Or they may say things like “ I do n’t live in the USA ; I live in Pennsylvania ! ”
Or , if you show them five black and three white marbles and ask them “ Are there more marbles or more black marbles ? ” they will respond “ More black ones ! ”
Perhaps the most famous example of the preoperational child ’s centrism is what Piaget refers to as their inability to conserve liquid volume .
If I give a three year old some chocolate milk in a tall skinny glass , and I give myself a whole lot more in a short fat glass , she will tend to focus on only one of the dimensions of the glass .
Since the milk in the tall skinny glass goes up much higher , she is likely to assume that there is more milk in that one than in the short fat glass , even though there is far more in the latter .
It is the development of the child 's ability to decenter that marks him as havingmoved to the next stage .
Concrete operations stage
The concrete operations stage lasts from about seven to about 11 .
The word operations refers to logical operations or principles we use when solving problems .
In this stage , the child not only uses symbols representationally , but can manipulate those symbols logically .
Quite an accomplishment !
But , at this point , they must still perform these operations within the context of concrete situations .
The stage begins with progressive decentering .
By six or seven , most children develop the ability to conserve number , length , and liquid volume .
Conservation refers to the idea that a quantity remains the same despite changes in appearance .
If you show a child four marbles in a row , then spread them out , the preoperational child will focus on the spread , and tend to believe that there are now more marbles than before .
Or if you have two five inch sticks laid parallel to each other , then move one of them a little , she may believe that the moved stick is now longer than the other .
The concrete operations child , on the other hand , will know that there are still four marbles , and that the stick does n’t change length even though it now extends beyond the other .
And he will know that you have to look at more than just the height of the milk in the glass :
If you pour the mild from the short , fat glass into the tall , skinny glass , he will tell you that there is the same amount of milk as before , despite the dramatic increase in mild - level !
By seven or eight years old , children develop conservation of substance :
If I take a ball of clay and roll it into a long thin rod , or even split it into ten little pieces , the child knows that there is still the same amount of clay .
And he will know that , if you rolled it all back into a single ball , it would look quite the same as it did -- a feature known as reversibility .
By nine or ten , the last of the conservation tests is mastered : conservation of area .
If you take four one - inch square pieces of felt , and lay them on a six - by - six cloth together in the center , the child who conserves will know that they take up just as much room as the same squares spread out in the corners , or , for that matter , anywhere at all .
If all this sounds too easy to be such a big deal , test your friends on conservation of mass :
Which is heavier : a million tons of lead , or a million tons of feathers ?
In addition , a child learns classification and seriation during this stage .
Classification refers back to the question of whether there are more marbles or more black marbles ?
Now the child begins to get the idea that one set can include another .
Seriation is putting things in order .
The younger child may start putting things in order by , say size , but will quickly lose track .
Now the child has no problem with such a task .
Since arithmetic is essentially nothing more than classification and seriation , the child is now ready for some formal education !
Formal operations stage
But the concrete operations child has a hard time applying his new - found logical abilities to non-concrete -- i.e. abstract -- events .
If mom says to junior “ You should n’t make fun of that boy ’s nose .
How would you feel if someone did that to you ? ” he is likely to respond “ I do n’t have a big nose ! ”
Even this simple lesson may well be too abstract , too hypothetical , for his kind of thinking .
Do n’t judge the concrete operations child too harshly , though .
Even adults are often taken - aback when we present them with something hypothetical : “ If Edith has a lighter complexion than Susan , and Edith is darker than Lily , who is the darkest ? ”
Most people need a moment or two .
From around 12 on , we enter the formal operations stage .
Here we become increasingly competent at adult - style thinking .
This involves using logical operations , and using them in the abstract , rather than the concrete .
We often call this hypothetical thinking .
Here ’s a simple example of a task that a concrete operations child could n’t do , but which a formal operations teenager or adult could -- with a little time and effort .
Consider this rule about a set of cards that have letters on one side and numbers on the other : “ If a card has a vowel on one side , then it has an even number on the other side . ”
Take a look at the cards below and tell me , which cards do I need to turn over to tell if this rule is actually true ?
You ’ll find the answer at the end of this chapter .
It is the formal operations stage that allows one to investigate a problem in a careful and systematic fashion .
Ask a 16 year old to tell you the rules for making pendulums swing quickly or slowly , and he may proceed like this :
A long string with a light weight -- let ’s see how fast that swings .
A long string with a heavy weight -- let ’s try that .
Now , a short string with a light weight .
And finally , a short string with a heavy weight .
The teenager has learned to group possibilities in four different ways :
By conjunction : “ Both A and B make a difference ” ( e.g. both the string ’s length and the pendulum ’s weight ) .
By disjunction : “ It ’s either this or that ” ( e.g. it ’s either the length or the weight ) .
By implication : “ If it ’s this , then that will happen ” ( the formation of a hypothesis ) .
By incompatibility : “ When this happens , that does n’t ” ( the elimination of a hypothesis ) .
Identity : Leave it alone .
“ It could be the string or the weight . ” Negation : Negate the components and replace or ’s with and ’s ( and vice versa ) .
“ It might not be the string and not the weight , either . ”
Reciprocity : Negate the components but keep the and ’s and or ’s as they are .
“ Either it is not the weight or it is not the string . ”
Correlativity : Keep the components as they are , but replace or ’s with and ’s , etc .
“ It ’s the weight and the string . ”
Maybe it has already occured to you :
It does n’t seem that the formal operations stage is something everyone actually gets to .
Even those of us who do do n’t operate in it at all times .
Even some cultures , it seems , do n’t develop it or value it like ours does .
Abstract reasoning is simply not universal .
[ Answer to the card question : The E and the 7 .
The E must have an even number on the back -- that much is obvious .
the 7 is odd , so it cannot have a vowel on the other side -- that would be against the rule !
But the rule says nothing about what has to be on the back of a consonant such as the K , nor does it say that the 4 musthave a vowel on the other side ! ]
References
It is hard to say , of Piaget 's many works , which are most significant or interesting , but here goes :
The Moral Judgement of the Child ( 1932 -- one of the first five books ) , The Psychology of Intelligence ( 1947 , in English 1950 ) , The Construction of Reality in the Child ( 1937 , in English 1954 , based on observation of his own children ) , The Growth of Logical Thinking from Childhood to Adolescence ( with Inhelder , 1958 ) , The Psychology of the Child ( with Inhelder , 1966 , in English 1969 ) , Insights and Illusions of Philosophy ( 1965 , 1971 in English )
© Copyright 1999 , 2006 C. George Boeree .
Senator Ashburn , 55 , is a divorced father - of - four
A conservative US state senator who has voted against gay rights measures during his 14 years in office has announced he is gay .
Republican Roy Ashburn came out during a radio interview in California , where he sits on the state legislature .
He has been on leave since his arrest last week on suspicion of driving under the influence .
Mr Ashburn said his votes reflected the way his constituents wanted him to vote , not his own " internal conflict " .
" I am gay ... those are the words that have been so difficult for me for so long , " the 55 - year - old divorced father - of - four told KERN radio .
Mr Ashburn said he felt the need to address rumours that he had visited a gay nightclub before his arrest on suspicion of drinking and driving in Sacramento on 3 March .
Last year , Mr Ashburn opposed a bill to establish a day of recognition to honour murdered gay rights activist Harvey Milk .
He has also voted in the statehouse against efforts to expand anti-discrimination laws and recognise out - of - state gay marriages .
Mr Ashburn , who represents California 's 18th district , said he does not plan to run for any public office after his term ends later this year .
Update : I contacted the University for their opinion of this “ holiday ” and University Spokesperson , Annemarie Mountz , had this to say .
“ I find it unbelievable , and disturbing , that after the excesses , destruction , arrests , injuries and alcohol overdoses of State Patty ’s Day , some students have decided to create another similar event .
… I do n’t understand how these students ’ memories regarding the real dangers of alcohol abuse can be so short , or why they continue to put their own lives and in some cases the lives of others at risk . ”
Less than a week after the debauchery of State Patty ’s Day ended with some of the highest crime rates in years , students are looking to create another drinking - centric holiday .
Luis Ramos ( Sophomore – Civil Engineering ) and Gustavo Caldeira ( Junior – Finance ) cited on the Facebook group that they created the fact that Cinco de Mayo falls during finals week as another reason to create a fake holiday and get drunk .
They ’re asking students to “ get your sombreros , mustaches , ponchos and margaritas ready , should be a good day no matter where you drink . ”
As of writing , the group has over 1000 members ( and was growing rapidly ) .
You all know my opinion of State Patty ’s Day ( if you do n’t you can read it here ) so it does n’t take a genius to figure out that I feel as though this is one of the stupider ideas I ’ve heard .
Frankly , I do n’t see it taking off .
Students already drink a decent amount during finals week ( ie. Cinco de Mayo is in no way forgotten ) , coupled with the fact that April 17th ( the proposed date for Cinco de State ) completely removes the Cinco de Anything and should now be called Diecisiete de Abril , which makes absolutely no sense .
State Patty ’s
Day illustrated the disconnect between the students and the town , and the bar owners and fraternities recognized this and took action .
Unfortunately this did little to stop torrents of people from visiting State College with the expressed purpose of getting drunk and trashing someone else ’s town .
Hopefully , people will realize that these psudo - holidays need to stop , lest our town suffer more as a result .
In the meantime , watch this appropriate Five Second Film .
Vim Word Processing
I ’ve been using Vim for about a year now , and am pretty much addicted .
Once I reached a certain level of proficiency , no other editor seems to be even close .
The keys are very intuitive to me now , as is modal editing .
Of course , there is a problem when I have to type in other programs .
For example , in OpenOffice , I routinely hit j a few times , and am surprised when that letter actually pops into the screen instead of moving the cursor around .
To overcome this , I ’ve been messing around with ways to make Vim more friendly to general writing .
Here ’s what I ’ve done or found :
Autocorrect
This section outlines my major actual contribution .
The rest are just tips .
Autocorrect is a key feature of almost any word processing program , and it ’s tough to do by default in vim .
When you type ‘ teh ’ and then have to go back and fix it , you are much less efficient .
Vim has the concept of abbreviations , where you can map one word to another .
Example :
iabbrev teh the
Then you when you type in the whole word that matches , it will magically be replaced with the correction .
Unfortunately , this takes quite a bit of time to build up automatically .
Plus , while you catch ' teh ’ with this , ' Teh ’ does n’t get changed .
So it seems like there needs to be a more systematic approach .
I was looking around , and could n’t find a nice native file that had corrections out there .
Fortunately , Wikipedia has a machine - readable list of common misspellings !
So this was a great start .
There were about 4000 changes that were in there .
Here ’s a sample :
aggreement -> agreement aggregious ->egregious aggresive -> aggressive agian -> again agianst -> against agina -> again , angina agin -> again aginst -> against agravate -> aggravate agre -> agree agred -> agreed agreeement -> agreement
There are a few like ' agina ’ that have multiple choices , so I picked the one that was most common .
I do n’t really type ' angina ’ all that often .
Then again , the string distance is pretty huge there .
So there are probably some that are a stretch , but it ’s a great start .
Then I created a script to parse this file and do some important changes .
Essentially , if a word to be corrected starts with a lowercase letter , it also should be changed when the mistake is capitalized .
Here is the script , generator , and product .
The only limitation that I found is that dashes and apostrophes in the word to be corrected do n’t seem to work , and I could n’t figure out how to escape them .
And obviously sourcing thousands of lines of Vim commands takes a noticeable amount of time .
Spelling correction
Built into Vim nowadays .
Just need to type : set spell .
If it complains , you might need to set the spelling language .
Spelling suggestions z=
Previous misspelling [s
Next misspelling ]s
Add current word to dictionary zg
Undo adding current word to dictionary zug
Word Processing Mode
I commonly use a few things when doing word processing , so here ’s a handy function that you can add to your .vimrc and modify as you see fit .
cabbr wp call Wp ( ) fun !
Wp ( ) set lbr source $ VIM / vimfiles/autocorrect.vim set guifont =Consolas :h14 nnoremap j gj nnoremap k gk nnoremap 0 g0 nnoremap $ g$ set nonumber set spell spelllang=en_us endfu
I recently read this very nice paper by Venanzio Capretta ( Logical Methods in Computer Science , Volume 1 , 2005 , pages 1 - 28 ) .
To summarize very crudely : if your termination analysis supports lazy computations ( “ corecursive functions ” ) on possibly infinite data structures ( “ coinductive data ” ) , then you can implement general recursive functions as certain such computations on certain such data structures .
This is important , because the idea works even in a type theory where all functions are required to terminate ( and all co-recursive functions are required to be productive ; that is , in finite time one must always be able to unfold the infinite data structure the next finite amount ) .
The remarkable thing Capretta realized is that the only possibly infinite data structure you need is one which we can think of as a list which begins with possibly infinitely many copies of a single symbol .
This symbol means “ the computation is still running ” .
If there are only finitely many such symbols , that means the computation is finite , and then the list ends in the result of the computation .
If there are infinitely many symbols , that means the computation runs forever ( without producing a value ) .
For example , let ’s say we are trying to represent the ( terminating ) computation of this way .
We will have something of the form :
Actually , Capretta will write
This is because the coinductive type for computations that either diverge or converge with a result of type is , with ( co- inductive ) constructors :
Of course , if your computation is ( for example ) searching for counter - examples to Fermat ’s Last Theorem , your computation will look like the following ( with an infinite number of s ) :
This is a rather spartan data structure for computations : all the information about what the computation is doing has been abstracted away , so that we see either only “ still thinking ” or “ done , and here is the answer ” .
Why is this enough for encoding general recursive functions in a terminating type theory ?
The answer ( as I believe I understand it ) is that the type is the appropriate constructive analog of the more obvious but constructively inappropriate inductive ( as opposed to co-inductive ) type where you either have a result of type , or something indicating divergence .
This type might be written as a sum - type .
It is inappropriate for modeling general computation in a terminating type theory , because with a sum - type , we can always case split on whether some element of type is in or is the entity representing divergence .
In a constructive logic such as a terminating type theory , this implies we can decide termination of this element , which is not possible in general .
The coinductive type is the perfect standin for , because while we cannot case - split on its values , we can co-recursively analyze them , so if a computation does terminate , we can make use of the result .
If it does not , we will co-recursively analyze it forever .
Capretta develops and applies these ideas in a number of interesting ways .
But you ’ll have to read his paper to learn more about that , as this post ( delayed as it was by the end of the semester ) is getting too long already .
Hi everyone , in our continued effort to provide the best , most comprehensive entertainment experience possible , we ’ll be adding a few new features to PlayStation 3 ( PS3 ) via the latest system software update , which is a mandatory update and will be available shortly .
Most notably , you ’ll see some new sorting options within Trophies that make it easier to claim bragging rights among your friends on PlayStation Network .
Trophy enhancements –-
Now you can more easily sort trophies in the [ Trophy Collection ] and [ Comparing Trophy ] sections .
Sorting can be done with [ Trophy Collection ] in the [ Game Category ] and also when comparing trophies with your friends in the [ Friend Category ]
–- Now you can more easily sort trophies in the [ Trophy Collection ] and [ Comparing Trophy ] sections .
Sorting can be done with [ Trophy Collection ] in the [ Game Category ] and also when comparing trophies with your friends in the [ Friend Category ] Trophy Folder ( Title List ) can be sorted by game name / by title according to the date in which you earned your last trophy ( ascending / descending )
can be sorted by game name / by title according to the date in which you earned your last trophy ( ascending / descending )
Add - on list ( Group list ) can be sorted by original / the date in which you earned your last trophy ( ascending / descending )
can be sorted by original / the date in which you earned your last trophy ( ascending / descending )
Trophy list can be sorted by original / trophy name / grade / date of obtaining the trophy ( ascending / descending )
In addition , this update preps the PS3 system for some upcoming new features , including 3D stereoscopic gaming , which is coming soon to PS3 , in time for the launch of Sony ’s 3D BRAVIA TVs .
Let us know your thoughts and as always , we look forward to your feedback .
Are you a guy who ’s never seen many ( or any ! ) jdramas ?
This article is for YOU .
I ’ve been into jdramas ( Japanese dramas ) for 3 + years now and I love any opportunity I get to spread the jdrama joy .
As I ’m a Computer Science major , about 90 % of the people I meet and interact with on a daily basis are guys .
Over the past couple of years , I ’ve had quite a few requests for jdrama recommendations … all from guys .
Since a lot of jdramas are romantic and more girl - oriented , I was n’t sure at first which to recommend .
Here ’s the list I tend to recommend to guys ( and they ’ve reported back that they liked ) .
All five are superb shows by the way , and everyone ( not just guys ) should watch them .
Oh , and one note before we start : A lot of the clips have non-english subs .
Apologies to those of you who do n’t speak either Japanese or the language the clip is subbed in .
All of these jdramas should be readily available with subs , though … so do n’t let that stop you .
Here we go !
1. Kekkon Dekinai Otoko
The pitch : Neurotic architect resists pressure to get married … or eat anything except for steak .
More info : Kuwano is nearing 40 .
He lives alone in an insanely neat and clean apartment .
He cooks himself steak for dinner every night , and has a glass of milk .
He is an architect obsessed with creating wonderful kitchens .
He hates people , has no intention of getting married .
However … he ’s a little anal , some health issues take him to the doctor , involving his next - door - neighbor , who wo n’t leave him alone .
Hilarity ensues .
I promise .
Why it ’s fun : Ken-chan , Kuwano ’s neighbor ’s dog , is probably the best actor you ’ll ever see .
Kuwano ’s neighbor and doctor spy on him doing something unbelievable …
Kuwano and his architecture assistant obsessively read the blog of their architect - competitor
Ken-chan ( the dog ) , about to be in BIG TROUBLE
Sample : Kuwano is uhh … a bit of a perfectionist when it comes to making okonomiyaki .
2. My Boss My Hero
The pitch : Yakuza boss goes back to high school .
More Info : Makio ( Nagase Tomoya ) is in line to become a yakuza boss .
Unfortunately , he ’s not the brightest crayon in the box , so his father ( a current yakuza boss ) insists that he go back and graduate high school .
Makio becomes a high schooler by day , and a yakuza member at night ( when not doing his homework , kanji practice and arithmetic ) .
Why it ’s fun :
You get to hear Makio ’s aggressive , yakuza - speech style thoughts that go through his head while sitting through class … and become completely worthless around his cute , adorable crush played by Aragaki Yui < 3
Makio is sure one intimidating gangster .
He has this facial expression for 90 % of the show .
Night job = YAKUZA aka intimidating people .
But Aragaki Yui is still TERRIFYING
Sample clip :
Let ’s just say getting the pudding at lunchtime is VERY IMPORTANT to everyone … including Makio .
3. Stand Up !!
The pitch : 4 dudes find out they ’re the last virgins in high school … and go on a mission to change that fact .
Maybe .
More Info :
The story is set in a low - ish class Tokyo neighborhood .
One of the 4 boys ’ families runs a love hotel .
One boy has a hopeless crush on their extremely attractive english teacher .
A girl , Chie , comes back to town for the summer and awkwardness ensues .
( Also , these 4 main characters are all major stars now , FYI ) .
Why it ’s fun :
Do you know how to insult a dude by calling him a virgin in Japanese ?
Well , you will .
Sample : Uhh… kissing practice ?
4. Kisarazu Cat’s Eye
The pitch : Baseball player finds out he ’s dying of cancer , his team decides to become burglars !
Summary : This show surpasses description .
It moves at 1000 miles a minute and you will probably be left in the dust .
In a good way .
Also , there are TWO movies .
Why it ’s fun : Probably just Sato Ryuta ’s hair .
Oh right , and EVERYTHING ELSE .
This show is hilarious .
Sample :
The baseball team visits Tokyo !
5. Nodame Cantabile
The pitch : Messy spaz / brilliant pianist Nodame goes to music school , studies under uptight aspiring conductor .
Hilarity ensues .
More Info :
This one is a pretty famous drama based off the manga of the same title ( there ’s an anime too which is totally not worth watching , IMO ) .
Technically , Nodame is a love story , but the music ( primarily orchestral ) is the major thrust of the drama .
It ’s cute , a little cartoonish due to its origin in manga , and very good .
Great music selections too .
If you ’ve ever played a musical instrument , this drama is a must - see ( and even if you have n’t played one , really … )
Why it ’s fun : Nodame is insane .
GYABO !
Sample : Chiaki shows
Nodame how this whole cooking thang is DONE !
Thanks for stopping by !
Hope this list helped direct you towards a jdrama you ’ll get completely hooked on .
To all the guys who watch jdramas out there , let me know if you have a favorite that should have been on this list !
This post was a submission for the February 2010 Japan Blog Matsuri hosted at Muza - chan ’s Gate to Japan .
UPDATE : Oil spill in Gulf of Mexico heading towards full - scale environmental disaster
A newly released NASA satellite image reveals oil leaking from the BP oil rig that sank after it exploded April 20 , 2010 .
The explosion killed 11 workers .
The images , captured on April 25 by the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) on NASA ’s Aqua satellite and the Advanced Land Imager on NASA ’s Earth Observing - 1 ( EO - 1 ) satellite , show a large oil slick in the Gulf of Mexico off the coast of Louisiana and Mississippi .
An estimated 42,000 gallons of oil are leaking per day into the Gulf .
NASA says its imagery of the affected region is being updated twice daily from the MODIS Rapid Response Team .
Emergency workers are attempting to control the spill .
The spill comes just weeks after a Chinese coal barge grounded on the Great Barrier Reef , causing damage to about two miles of coral reef , and shortly after President Barack Obama announced plans to open up new offshore drilling sites along the northern coast of Alaska , the Atlantic coast , and the Gulf of Mexico .
download large image ( 2 MB , JPEG )
download large image ( 4 MB , JPEG )
NASA image caption :
In the top image , the Mississippi Delta is at image center , and the oil slick is a silvery swirl to the right .
The oil slick may be particularly obvious because it is occurring in the sunglint area , where the mirror - like reflection of the Sun off the water gives the Gulf of Mexico a washed - out look .
The close - up view shows waves on the water surface as well as ships , presumably involved in the clean up and control activities .
Related articles
Oil spill in Gulf of Mexico heading towards full - scale environmental disaster
( 04/29/2010 )
With the news that the amount of oil leaking from below the surface of the Gulf of Mexico could be as much as five times the original estimate put forward by British oil - giant BP , the situation moved from worrisome to desperate .
After oil rig explosion , leaking crude threatens Gulf of Mexico
( 04/26/2010 ) Just weeks after a Chinese coal barge rammed the Great Barrier Reef , cutting a nearly two - mile swath through the reef and spilling three tons of engine fuel , fragile marine ecosystems are again threatened .
Last Tuesday a BP oil rig platform exploded in the Gulf of Mexico , likely killing eleven workers .
The blast also left oil leaking from the drill hole estimated at 42,000 gallons ( or 1,000 barrels ) of oil per day .
" It 's a free country . "
That 's a popular saying — and true in many ways .
But for a free country , America does ban a lot of things that are perfectly peaceful and consensual .
Why is that ?
Here are some things you can't do in most states of the union : rent your body to someone for sex , sell your kidney , take recreational drugs .
The list goes on .
I 'll discuss American prohibitions tonight at 8 and 11 p.m. Eastern time ( and again on Friday at 10 ) on my Fox Business program .
The prohibitionists say their rules are necessary for either the public 's or the particular individual 's own good .
I 'm skeptical .
I think of what Albert Camus said : " The welfare of humanity is always the alibi of tyrants . "
Prohibition is force .
I prefer persuasion .
Government force has nasty unintended consequences .
I would think that our experience with alcohol prohibition would have taught America a lesson .
Nearly everyone agrees it was a disaster .
It did n't stop people from drinking , but it created new and vicious strains of organized crime .
Drug prohibition does that now .
The prohibitionists claim that today 's drugs are far more dangerous than alcohol .
But is that true ?
Or is much of what you think you know … wrong ?
I believed the Drug Enforcement Administration 's claim that drugs like crack and meth routinely addict people on first use .
But Jacob Sullum , who wrote Saying Yes , says , " If you look at the government 's own data about patterns of drug use , it clearly is not true . "
The data is remarkable : 8.5 million Americans have tried crack , but there are only 359,000 regular users .
( The government defines " regular use " as using a drug at least once in the past 30 days . )
More than 12 million tried meth , but only 314,000 still take it .
The story is similar for heroin .
Most people who try these " instantly additive drugs " do not get " hopelessly addicted . "
They give them up on their own .
As Sullum puts it : " The vast majority of people who use illegal drugs do not become heavy users , do not become addicts ; it does not disrupt their lives .
In fact , I would argue it enhances their lives .
How do we know that ?
Because they use it . "
But on the news , we constantly see people whose lives have been destroyed by drugs .
Sullum says : " When you have prohibition , the most visible users are the ones who are most antisocial , most screwed up .
They 're the ones who come to the attention of the police .
…
People who present themselves as experts on drug use because they come into contact with all these addicts have a very skewed perspective because they are seeing a biased sample .
The people who are well adjusted , responsible users are invisible . "
My prohibition show will also touch on prostitution .
I want ratings — I admit it .
Former prosecutor Wendy Murphy says prostitution is " sexual slavery . "
I think calling it slavery is an insult to those who 've suffered real slavery .
Slavery is force .
Prostitution is consensual .
On my show , I 'll let a former " sex worker " and the prosecutor fight it out .
The prohibitionists also ban the sale of human organs .
You are n't allowed to sell a kidney to someone who will die without one .
Sally Satel , a physician who is the recipient of a kidney and the author of When Altruism Is n't Enough , says , " Altruism … is a beautiful virtue , but tomorrow at this time 13 people will be dead because they did n't get a kidney . "
In a free country , we consenting adults should be able to do whatever we want with our bodies as long as we do n't hurt anyone else .
People who do n't like what we do have every right to complain about our behavior , to boycott , to picket , to embarrass us .
Bless the critics .
They make us better people by getting us to think about what 's moral .
Let them mock and shame .
But shaming is one thing — government force is another .
Prohibition means we empower the state to send out people with guns to force people to do what the majority says is moral .
That 's not right .
And it does n't even work .
John Stossel is host of Stossel on the Fox Business Network .
He 's the author of Give Me a Break and of Myth , Lies , and Downright Stupidity .
To find out more about John Stossel , visit his site at johnstossel.com .
COPYRIGHT 2010 BY JFS PRODUCTIONS , INC .
DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS.COM
IF " YOUNGER MINDS ATTRACT YOUNGER AUDIENCES " is n't your institution 's mantra , you should seriously consider making it so .
Not just for staff and volunteers , I 'm thinking this needs to be your board 's mantra , too .
That 's particularly true for well - established , highly structured cultural organizations presenting traditional programming formats .
You know these organizations ; you may work or volunteer in one .
While we read about the graying of audiences for some cultural activities , I 'm wondering how gray the board and senior staff are .
Do you think there 's a distinct correlation ?
Younger minds do more than attract younger audiences .
They keep the cobwebs at bay .
They help us question accepted practice and remix familiar elements to make new connections .
And they are the fundamental bridges to our organizations ' futures .
Some organizations utilize " junior boards " for folks under 40 to try out their chops .
If you shine there , you 'll get to move up to the " grown - up board " someday .
Some organizations create " junior committees " primarily to foster under - 40 philanthropy ( their activities always look like a lot more fun than the grander , big - money affairs ) .
In big , bureaucratic institutions these mechanisms undoubtedly have a place for training , mentoring , and shaping next generation leadership .
But for most culturals , there 's a pressing need to bring younger minds to the board room today .
It seems that few , though , have any inkling how to do that .
Stereotypes about board service -- good , bad , and downright ugly -- seem to prevent so many boards from looking beyond a fairly short radius of known quantities .
This is particularly true when it comes to looking for younger minds .
These boards need to do two things immediately : 1 ) quit repeating that under - 40's do n't have time for board service , and 2 ) quit saying you do n't know anyone .
All great boards are fed by far - reaching , complementary networks , and age is one of them .
If you 've made an honest attempt to attract younger minds to board service and come up short , I submit that you need to rethink your organization 's expectations of board service and its mission .
Photo : Visitor Video Competition from Brooklyn Museum
March 10 , 2010
The truth is that pretty much every Washington politician takes bribes -- but in their legal form as campaign contributions from corporate lobbyists .
THE SLEAZE just keeps emerging from the corridors of power in the " world 's greatest democracy " -- and it 's thoroughly bipartisan .
Last week , Rep. Charles Rangel ( D - N.Y. ) was forced to surrender his chairmanship of the powerful House Ways and Means Committee - -" temporarily , " he claimed -- after the House Ethics Committee found that he had taken a number of trips to the Caribbean , basking in the sun on corporate money .
According to the New York Times , " The ethics panel is still investigating more serious accusations regarding Mr. Rangel 's fund - raising , his failure to pay federal taxes on rental income from a villa he owns in the Dominican Republic and his use of four rent - stabilized apartments provided by a Manhattan real estate developer . "
Meanwhile , New York Gov. David Paterson -- himself a replacement for Eliot Spitzer , who resigned in disgrace -- announced he would n't seek re-election after the publication of a New York Times report detailing how Paterson 's office , including staff members , the governor 's state police detail and Paterson himself , pressured a woman to drop domestic violence charges against his top aide David Johnson .
Then there 's Rep. Eric Massa , another New York Democrat , who announced his retirement last week , citing " health " reasons -- but as it turns out , he 's being investigated by the House Ethics Committee , too , for allegedly making inappropriate sexual comments to a male staffer .
Political scandals are hardly surprising in a political system that rewards those who do the bidding of the wealthy and powerful -- and who think they 're above the law .
Such scandals are an indication of the politicians ' arrogance , and the massive disconnect of those who run our political system from the rest of us .
But there 's a deeper scandal here -- one that the media wo n't pay attention to .
The scandal is that a political party that controls the White House and Congress with the largest majority in decades could fail to deliver on any of the issues that working people need .
FROM HEALTH care " reform " that has devolved into a blatant giveaway to the insurance industry , to a " peace plan " that involves a dramatic escalation of the war in Afghanistan , to defending the biggest financial giveaway in history to the very banks and corporations that caused the financial meltdown of 2008 , the idea that the Democrats could still claim to represent the interests of working people seems a farce .
The hope for change that millions of people felt in the run-up to Barack Obama 's election is vanishing .
Now , Democrats are seeing their fortunes turn as growing numbers of people grow disenchanted with a party that was never committed to challenging the system in the first place .
Certainly , the Republicans have no coherent alternative .
But they do n't have to .
They can criticize Obama 's $ 787 billion stimulus package as ineffective -- which is true -- and then propose budget cuts that would make the suffering of working people much worse .
After decades of trying to slash Medicare , the Republicans are getting away with posing as its defenders because Obama 's health care plan would take $ 500 billion away from the program .
And although the Republicans are shills for the big banks , they can score points by painting Obama as being too cozy with Wall Street - - because he is .
If some Republicans are able to pursue this strategy by casting themselves as " outsiders , " it 's only because the Democrats have given them the opening .
People are rightly frustrated and angered at the failure of the Democrats to deliver -- and that leaves the political initiative open to the Republicans to pass themselves off as caring about working people .
Take , for example , the news that Democratic Sen.
Chris Dodd may be in the process of de-fanging even the limited financial system reforms proposed by Democrats following the Wall Street meltdown .
In his role as the chair of the Senate Banking Committee , Dodd is reportedly attempting to put a new Consumer Financial Protection Agency under the direction of the Federal Reserve - - which would be like letting the foxes guard the henhouse .
As Zach Carter wrote in the Nation , Dodd is also attempting " to block the new agency from enforcing the rules it writes , leaving enforcement up to the same regulators who ignored rampant predation and outright fraud throughout the housing bubble . "
Dodd is set to retire at the end of this legislative session , so he no longer has to pretend to have the interests of working people at heart .
Instead , he can act openly on behalf of his largest campaign donors -- securities and investment firms , law firms and the insurance industry .
Actions like these are leading millions of people to grow cynical again about the motives of Washington -- after the brief interlude when the 2008 campaign of Barack Obama created a climate of hope and enthusiasm that gave the Democrats their biggest majority in more than a generation .
THEY'RE ALSO another sign that the oft - repeated claim that the U.S. is the " world 's greatest democracy " is a fraud .
Those who get heard in the halls of Congress are n't the ordinary people whose unemployment benefits are running out , but rich loudmouths like Republican Sen .
Jim Bunning of Kentucky , who got the bulk of his campaign money in the past five years from the insurance industry , health professional lobbying groups , and securities and investments groups .
Bunning recently used a filibuster to hold up a $ 10 billion bill designed to pay for , among other things , extended unemployment benefits and Medicare payments to doctors .
Bunning claimed that he was taking a principled stand against spending .
" Enough , " the red - faced Republican yelled on the floor of the Senate .
Until he finally relented , Bunning 's filibuster threatened jobless benefits for millions .
And who did Bunning get support from but the newest member of the Senate and the GOP 's new golden boy , Massachusetts Republican Scott Brown .
" The perception in Massachusetts and other parts of the country is that Washington is broken , " Brown told the Washington Post .
" And if it takes one guy to get up and make a stand ... I think that speaks for itself . "
So much for Brown 's ordinary - guy - in - a - truck act .
For an even clearer illustration of what the Republicans think about ordinary people , consider the comments of former House Majority Leader Tom DeLay , who praised Bunning as " brave , " and went on to say that unemployment benefits actually keep " people from going and finding jobs . "
So if you 're out of work , Tom DeLay thinks it 's your own fault for being too lazy to find a job .
Maybe he did n't get the memo that says that Republicans are supposed to be embracing " populism " to turn around their discredited party 's fortunes .
DeLay , of course , set the pace for scandal in Washington several years ago , when Texas prosecutors charged him with running a vast , crooked campaign finance scheme .
Now , Rangel , one of the most powerful Democrats in Congress , has been caught sunning himself in the Caribbean on the corporate dime .
But the truth is that Jim Bunning and Chris Dodd and pretty much every other Washington politician take bribes as well -- just in their legal form as campaign contributions from corporate lobbyists .
For all the mainstream media moaning about how " Washington does n't work , " they never ask why someone like Bunning - - or any politician -- should be able to hold up the entire legislative process with a filibuster or other procedural red tape .
Or why senators from states with a fraction of the population of the country 's biggest cities should have equal say about critical legislation .
The problem is n't that Washington is " dysfunctional , " but that it 's designed , by its nature , to put the brakes on any proposals to improve the system for working people .
In that sense , the U.S. political system works perfectly well -- for the rich and powerful .
Recently goo Ranking , a Japan public opinion survey organisation , posted the results of a look at the political world from a rather interesting angle .
The respondents were asked to choose their most good - looking world politician or leader in a poll conducted between the 25th and 27th of September 2007 .
Note that this poll drew its sample from the goo Research monitor pool , so there would be little or no opportunity for ballot stuffing .
100 points are awarded to the top vote - getter , and the other scores are the percentage of votes of the winner that each of the rest received .
By sex , the votes were very similar , although Tony Blair won more female hearts than Shintaro Ishihara .
I find it surprising that Bill Clinton ( or even Al Gore ) does n’t appear anywhere , however , and personally I ’d have voted for Nelson Mandela , another curious omission .
Ranking results
Q : Which world politician or leader do you think is good - looking ?
Rank Politician Score 1 Junichiro Koizumi 100 2 Shintaro Ishihara 74.1 3 Tony Blair 69.1 4 Hillary Clinton 52.3 5 Vladimir Putin 50.0 6 Arnold Schwarzenegger 42.3 7 Taro Aso 40.0 8 Yuriko Koike 32.7 9 Jacques Chirac 23.6 10 George W Bush 22.7 11 Mikhail Gorbachev 22.7 12 Fidel Castro 22.3 13 Condoleezza Rice 21.8 14 Nicolas Sarkozy 20.9 15 Barack Obama 19.5 16 Shinzo Abe 14.5 17 Donald Rumsfeld 10.9 18 Yasuo Fukuda 10.0 19 Gordon Brown 8.6 20 Angela Merkel 8.6 21 Gerhard Schroeder 8.2 22 Ichiro Ozawa 6.8 23 Alberto Fujimori 5.5 24 Wangari Maathai 5.5 25 Stephen Harper 5.0 26 Hu Jintao 5.0 27 Pope Benedict XVI 5.0 28 Muammar al - Gaddafi 4.1 29 Romano Prodi 2.7 30 Ali Khamenei 2.7
If you ’re looking for a free theme that will let your visitors focus on content , a minimal WordPress theme is just what you need .
Here are the best of them .
A robber holding a gun on an Advance America cashier apologized to the woman for his actions , but went ahead with his robbery even after praying with the victim .
Cashier Angela Montez , 43 , began crying when she realized the man 's intentions .
She began to talk to the man about God , she said , telling the man he still had the opportunity to refrain from committing the crime he had planned .
The man told Montez he had a 2 - year - old child to support and then asked Montez to pray with him about overcoming his hardships .
The two got down on their knees and prayed , remaining on their knees for nearly 10 minutes .
In response to the woman 's kindness , the man took a bullet out of his handgun and gave it to her , according to the report , telling the clerk it was his only bullet and promising not to hurt her .
He then asked Montez for a hug .
Despite the heart - to - heart talk , the man was not dissuaded from his plans .
He took the woman 's cell phone , told her to go into the restroom and to refrain from calling police for 20 minutes .
The man took $ 20 in $ 5 bills from the cash drawer , according to the report — leaving the rest of the cash in the drawer .
The moving missiles form the corners of a shrinking , rotating square .
Ignore the rotation and focus on the shrinking .
Each missile homes constantly on the missile to its left , which means it ’s moving continuously along one side of the shrinking square .
Each missile moves at 1 mile per second , so the square will shrink to nothing in 20 seconds .
From George Gamow and Marvin Stern , Puzzle - Math , 1958 .
08/08/2014
A reader points out that Gamow ’s proof does n’t generalize — the radius of a regular n - gon with 20 - mile sides increases rapidly with n and soon exceeds 20 miles .
( Thanks , Stuart . )
As you may or may not be aware , Canadians have some pretty strict standards when it comes to " hate speech . "
Besides it being a criminal offence , people tend to reject it pretty severely .
Canadians have been stripped of the Order of Canada for hate speech .
We really do n't appreciate it when people come from outside of the country attempting to peddle their hate .
Enter Ann Coulter , who was scheduled to give speeches at several universities in the country .
To my immense pride in our country , and to her immense discomfort , Coultergeist ( tm KO ) who fancies herself an advocate of free speech , met its full power , in the form of THOUSANDS of Canadians protesting her very appearance .
What was her response ?
Unlike the recent heroic examples of Speaker Pelosi and her comrades wading through the protesters , Coulter cancelled .
When faced with a little heat for her point of view , she crumbled and backed off .
Now , I just want to make one disclaimer on this laugh fest .
I understand that universities are places where ideas are exchanged , and free speech is given very wide berth .
I would have objected to the suppression of Coulter 's participation .
However , from my perspective , non-disruptively protesting her speech is fair game .
Funny how conservatives talk a big game about free speech when peddling their hate , but can't stand the heat of others exercising their rights to disagree !
Give a Canadian a hi-five next time you see one !
We 've got your backs up here !
UPDATE : h/t to MsLibrarian 's diary for additional context as to Coulter 's comments causing the protest .
Telling Muslim students to go ride a camel is absolutely unacceptable !
SECOND UPDATE :
Video of Ms. Coulter 's controversial comments here
Final Update :
Coulter organizers cancel event link indicates that it was her organizers , NOT the police who called it off .
" No More Blood For Oil . "
Bumper stickers with that phrase were synonymous with opposition to the Iraq War , during the George W. Bush administration .
Simply hosting that message on one 's bumper was cause enough to remove two attendees at Bush 's 2005 speech at the Wings Over the Rockies Museum in Colorado .
The White House had a policy of excluding those who did not agree with the president from his public appearances .
It 's a policy a federal appeals court is upholding in a decision a dissenting judge decried as " simply astounding . "
The 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ' 2 - 1 ruling means , in short , that the would - be attendees who were ousted from the event had no First Amendment constitutional right to remain at the speech .
The two plaintiffs obtained the free tickets from a local Colorado representative , and sued the government for giving them the boot .
" Plaintiffs simply have not identified any First Amendment doctrine that prohibits the government from excluding them from an official speech on private property on the basis of their viewpoint , " Judge Paul J. Kelly wrote for the majority Wednesday >
He was joined by Judge Deanell Reece Tacha .
The court added , " Although defendants ejected them from the event on the basis of their speech outside the event , plaintiffs have identified no authority suggesting that mere attendance is transformed into speech or even expressive activity because of their speech elsewhere " ( .pdf ) .
The American Civil Liberties Union , which brought the case , said Monday it was considering its options .
They include letting the opinion stand , requesting the Denver - based court to reconsider , or appealing to the Supreme Court .
Before the plaintiffs entered the March 2005 event , the Secret Service initially stopped them and told one of the plaintiffs , Leslie Weise , that she'd be ejected " if she tried any funny stuff , " according to the ruling .
Shortly after Weise and co-plaintiff Alex Young got to their seats , they were asked to leave -– all because their vehicle in the parking lot had a bumper sticker the government did not like .
Judge William Holloway , in dissent , said they " were rudely , publicly and forcefully ejected from a public meeting to which they had properly gained admission by complying with the requirements that had been established .
The speaker at the meeting was the president of the United States . "
Holloway added , " It is simply astounding that any member of the executive branch could have believed that our Constitution justified this egregious violation of plaintiffs ' rights . "
Holloway said the decision was " severely distressing " and added that the majority was " misguided . "
See Also :
[ from a email note from Marc Battyani ]
There are some positions for Common Lisp internships at HPC Platform in Boston and Paris .
Some full time positions will be available in Boston in the next months .
HPC Platform makes the fastest hardware ( FPGA ) based processing systems on the planet and for that we develop domain specific compilers and other tools written in Common Lisp ( Lispworks on Linux ) .
We are looking for people knowing Common Lisp and preferably topics like compilation , code generation , VHDL , FPGA , networking , optimization , statistics and more .
http://www.hpcplatform.com is rather outdated but gives an idea of what we do .
Contact marc.battyani@hpcplatform.com for more details .
Thanks ,
Marc
Think it ’s possible to shoot down a swarm of buzzing mosquitoes in mid-air ?
Or maybe you want to power up a remote flying vehicle ?
Tom Nugent is your man .
The Seattle - area entrepreneur just might be the most versatile guy with a laser you ’ve ever met .
Yes , a laser .
Until recently , Nugent worked in the laboratory of Bellevue , WA - based Intellectual Ventures , the invention company led by Nathan Myhrvold , where one of his projects was the so - called “ photonic fence . ”
This effort has gotten lots of media attention , most recently for an impressive demo at the TED conference in February .
That ’s where Myhrvold showed a video of a laser burning the wings off a flying mosquito in super slow - motion .
The idea is this technology , implemented on a larger scale , could help prevent the spread of malaria or protect crops against flying pests .
But Nugent ’s focus now is on something that might be more practical : power beaming .
That means using lasers to deliver energy to remote sensors , vehicles , or base stations .
It ’s a two - way trick : the receiver has to have a solar cell to convert the laser ’s energy into electricity .
But as long as the solar cell is viable , the technology could be useful in any situation where installing a wire is impractical , where batteries run down , or where it ’s too expensive to truck in fuel .
That ’s really just the beginning , to Nugent ’s mind .
One of his ultimate goals is to be able to beam large amounts of solar power to Earth from space , presumably to help solve global - scale energy problems .
For now , though , he ’ll settle for beaming power to unmanned aerial vehicles ( UAVs ) and other remote devices , including very early technology that could help scientists develop something called a space elevator .
These ideas , in sum , have turned into a small company called LaserMotive , based in Kent , WA .
Before dismissing these projects as far - fetched , a little background is required .
The idea of power beaming has been around for decades .
But advances in cheaper and more energy - efficient diode lasers have made it possible to pursue the idea commercially in the past few years .
Even the rise of laser hair removal products ( which you might see on late night TV ) have helped things move forward .
So in 2007 , Nugent and fellow physicist ( and Intellectual Ventures veteran ) Jordin Kare , an expert on laser rocket propulsion and optics who worked on the “ Star Wars ” nuclear - missile defense system in the 1980s — decided to make a business out of power beaming , and co-founded LaserMotive .
“ We think we can produce revenue while we get experience , ” says Nugent , LaserMotive ’s president .
Their first project : tackling the power beaming aspect of NASA ’s “ Space Elevator Games . ”
If you do n’t know what a space elevator is , that ’s OK — it does n’t exist yet .
The über - futuristic idea is to have a cable anchored to the ground , extending thousands of miles into space , that could be used to launch payloads into orbit .
The space end would be unattached , and the Earth ’s rotation would keep it taut so a robot “ elevator ” could move up and down the cable , carrying equipment .
Sure , this would take billions of dollars and a few decades to get working , but it could ultimately make space operations much cheaper than using rockets .
That ’s the idea , at least .
If a space elevator is ever going to work , it will need power at multiple steps along the way .
So , at “ Level 1 ” of the NASA Power Beaming Challenge , held last November in Mojave , CA , Nugent and Kare ’s team used a ground - based infrared laser to beam energy to specially designed solar cells aboard an 11 - pound robot ( see photo , left ) driven by an electric motor .
( All power must come from the ground . )
The robot climbed a 900 - meter length of metal cable suspended from a helicopter .
Nugent and Kare ’s was the only team to make it to the top with an average climbing speed of more than 2 meters per second — their robot went nearly 4 meters per second ( 9 mph ) — beating out two other teams , who failed to reach the top .
The prize was $ 900,000 ( before taxes , Nugent laments — yes , it ’s that time of year ) .
The upcoming “ Level 2 ” competition will be held later this year , … Next Page »
Trending on Xconomy
Instant access to burritos bigger than your head is the clear selling point of Chipotle ’s iPhone app ( iTunes link ) .
But if we put culinary convenience aside , the app itself is an interesting mix of simple design , e-commerce functionality and location tools .
I ’ve been digging into the app for a while ( digging does not equal “ eating , ” in case you ’re wondering ) , and I found three aspects to the app that could prove instructive for developers and businesses pursuing their own mobile paths .
1. Centralization
I asked , repeatedly and from a variety of angles , for revenue information related to the app — direct sales , percentage of total sales , etc. Chris Arnold , Chipotle spokesperson , politely declined to answer the money questions .
The closest I could get was the total number of app downloads , which is currently at 600,000 .
And since Chipotle has around 1,000 restaurants , that ’s considerable overlap .
Arnold did open up about the app ’s integration into Chipotle ’s ordering and payment processes .
What I found most notable in this regard is the oddly detrimental role of franchises .
The Chipotle app represents a case where corporate centralization led to a relatively painless product roll - out .
Here ’s why : Chipotle owns all its restaurants , and Arnold credits this with allowing the iPhone app to mesh well — and quickly — with existing systems .
“ It can be hard to get all of your franchisees to participate in a new program like that , particularly if investments in technology or other infrastructure are necessary , ” Arnold wrote in an email .
Centralization ensures the Chipotle app works at all of the company ’s restaurants .
Chipotle also benefitted from a pre-existing online ordering system .
“ If you do n’t have that infrastructure in place when you start your work on an iPhone app , you ’re going to be in trouble , ” said Pervasent ’s Stuart Williams , CEO of the development shop that handled the Chipotle app ’s programming .
“ It ’s certainly the case that mobile ordering follows in the footsteps of a decent web order . ”
2. Defining the use case
Chipotle and its development partners constructed the app with a particular customer in mind : a young , urban professional who needs to grab lunch on the go .
That ’s not to say customers outside this very specific example are irrelevant ; non-hipsters can benefit from the app as well .
But this defined use case proved important during the development process because it led to functionality and conclusions .
Here ’s two examples :
Young professionals and iPhones go hand - in - hand , so the justification for creating the app is built in .
It does n’t make sense to develop an iPhone app — or any mobile app for that matter — if your customers do n’t rely on app - friendly phones .
Since lunch is the primary meal in this use case , that means the customer is probably visiting a Chipotle restaurant near his / her office over and over again .
As such , the app asks for and remembers location on the first launch , but subsequent location look - ups have to be initiated manually .
This is n’t a “ road warrior ” app that automatically discovers nearby restaurants .
It ’s about defined , ongoing convenience .
3. Limited options
One final observation …
It would be tough to create a simple , easy - to - use mobile app that encapsulates the breadth of meals and ingredient variations at restaurants with long menus .
A website can tackle this task , that ’s for sure , but the mobile experience carries unique usability issues .
Something as simple as going back and forth between screens can get real clunky , real fast on a small device .
Chipotle ’s menu , on the other hand , works well in the app world because it ’s uniform and limited .
“ The app is designed very much around their menu , ” said Williams .
“ It ’s not like you could take this app and service a white tablecloth restaurant .
Or even service a Subway .
A really well - designed app for Subway would work different than a really well - designed app for Chipotle . ”
Riding high on a wave of good press for the iPad , and buoyed by an impressive 300,00 units sold on day 1 , Apple 's share price continues to soar to new heights .
One month before the iPad release , Apple was trading at $ 209 a share .
Since then , it 's been steadily climbing upwards and earlier today it was trading at $ 241.43 , marking an all - time intraday high for the stock .
On Tuesday evening , the stock finished the trading day at $ 239.6 , marking an all - time closing high for Apple .
If you 're an Apple investor , do n't expect a stock split anytime soon .
Or a dividend for that matter .
Apple has n't payed a dividend since Steve Jobs returned to the company as Apple prefers to re-invest its profits into research and development .
While some shareholders might prefer a dividend payout every once in a while , you can't really argue when Apple 's share price might very well hit $ 300 before the year is out .
If Elizabeth Cochran allowed herself to dream , the future would look something like this :
Every personal computer would double as a seismic monitor .
That MacBook at the coffee house , the one used by the guy pounding out a screenplay ?
Working to detect ground tremors while its user sips a latte .
The aging PC gathering dust in the guest room ?
Ready to catch the next quake .
If Cochran , an earth scientist at UC Riverside , has her way , every time the ground beneath us shakes , those machines would capture its movement and feed the information to a central computer system , creating a rich -- and inexpensive -- portrait of how and where an earthquake is felt .
Such a network could dramatically boost our understanding of earthquakes -- and bring researchers a step closer to an earthquake early - warning system that could give emergency officials vital seconds of preparation as a catastrophic temblor moved through the region .
By harnessing the power of accelerometers -- tiny devices that detect movement , allowing iPhones to flip from vertical to horizontal and Wii devices to function as tennis rackets -- Cochran and her colleagues at Riverside and at Stanford University have begun to build a system that links ordinary computers into a seismic network .
Ideally , Cochran said , “ we would have seismometers in every building , or at least on every block .
And in tall buildings , we ’d have multiple sensors [ on different floors ] .
That way , we would be able to actually get much higher detail , images of how the ground shakes during an earthquake . ”
Until a few years ago , most of the research Cochran conducted about ground shaking required grueling field work : digging deep trenches into the earth to install sensors along a fault zone .
Installing a simple program on a computer , she said with a laugh , “ is quite a bit easier . ”
And a lot cheaper .
Some newer laptops have accelerometers built in .
For computers that do n’t , it ’s fairly easy to install a $ 50 sensor with a USB cable that measures movement in much the same way as an accelerometer .
Cochran got the idea for the network from a computer program on a friend ’s MacBook .
The program , called Seismac , allows people to shake their MacBook and get readings from the computer ’s accelerometer .
The program is designed for fun -- but Cochran immediately wondered how it could be used to measure earthquakes .
She talked to colleague Jesse Lawrence about transmitting readings from laptop accelerometers into a database .
Lawrence , she said , “ was like , ‘ That ’s the coolest thing I have ever heard . ’ ” So they created a program that would record quake movements and feed the data to a network .
Already , 1,000 people have signed up to be “ Quake Catchers , ” the name given to the amateur seismologists who use their computers to track earth movement .
Cochran and her colleagues are trying to push the Quake Catchers ’ membership toward 10,000 .
They dream of blanketing California and beyond .
If a temblor struck , say , along the San Andreas fault near the Salton Sea , it would first be felt by a couple of laptops positioned around Palm Desert .
Seconds later , a high school science classroom in San Jacinto would record the waves .
As the quake traveled , it would trigger sensors at the music library at UC Riverside , a home office in Pomona and eventually , a fifth - grade classroom in El Monte .
At every point , the Quake Catchers ’ computers would send information on the quake ’s size and scope to a computer system monitored by seismologists .
In the event of a huge quake , the network could potentially give areas miles away from the epicenter a few seconds of warning .
Shock waves from a quake move quickly through the ground , but electronic signals are far faster , allowing warnings to outrun temblors .
Such notification might allow emergency officials in Ventura to shut off gas and water lines , stop trains and raise fire station doors immediately after a quake hits in the Salton Sea .
Cochran is part scientist and part saleswoman as she crisscrosses the state to persuade people to become Quake Catchers .
She ’s attended science teachers ’ meetings .
She and her team trolled scientific online bulletin boards , trying to talk fellow scientists and students into becoming quake catchers .
Cochran also takes her tour into the classroom .
On a recent Wednesday morning , she stood in front of Lezlie Sheskey ’s second - grade class at Pachappa Elementary School in Riverside .
Dressed in a white blazer and jeans , Cochran , 31 , was flanked by graduate students .
She is an assistant professor with a weighty doctorate in geophysics and space physics from UCLA , and when she spoke , her deep passion for her subject became clear .
As she looked at the row of desks and started talking about tectonic plates , her eyes lighted up , her hands moved quickly to emphasize a point and a smile spread across her face .
Sheskey contacted Cochran after January ’s magnitude 7.0 quake in Haiti .
Her students , she said , had brought in information about that quake that was “ all over the place . ”
Sheskey invited Cochran and her team because she thought getting involved in the Quake Catcher Network would give them a real understanding of how earthquakes happened .
But the star attraction of the morning was Cochran ’s silver MacBook , equipped with the Quake Catcher program .
Four colored graphs gyrated wildly as students banged their fists on the table that held the laptop .
“ Nice shaking ! ” Cochran yelled in encouragement .
Before she left , Cochran installed a sensor and the Quake Catcher program on a computer in the corner of the classroom .
Last month , Quake Catchers captured the magnitude 8.8 quake in Chile and a rare 3.8 quake northwest of Chicago .
There are a few Quake Catchers in the Central Asian nations Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan -- places where “ it would be pretty difficult to install a [ traditional ] seismometer . ”
Another sensor was even more remote .
For about six months , someone was providing quake data from Antarctica .
Cochran was thrilled , but then the data abruptly stopped coming .
Cochran thinks a scientist on a long - range project had brought along a laptop with the Quake Catcher program .
( For privacy reasons , the program does not identify individual participants , and the data capture gives places but not names . )
Just this week , she and Lawrence sent two grad students to Chile to install 50 more computer sensors there .
As the quake - catching network expands , Cochran is seeing both its promise and its potential limitations .
One of the eternal challenges to building a network of seismometers is how to differentiate between the movement that scientists care about , triggered by the earth ’s shifting plates , and the movement they do n’t : the vibrations of cars , trucks and even the fists of second - graders .
California ’s official seismic network , a collection of about 450 machines situated throughout the state , relies on the sophistication and placement of the pricey equipment .
Some monitors are buried underground , or in fallout shelters , or wrapped in Styrofoam in order to silence the ambient vibrations .
The Quake Catcher Network is far less sensitive .
Instead , Cochran said , the scientists who designed the network have programmed computers to record all vibrations , but only upload the information if many computers in the same geographic area record “ dramatic shaking . ”
That ’s another reason why Cochran thinks expanding the Quake Catchers Network is so important .
More computers in an area mean more accurate readings for the network .
George Rothfuss , a Yorba Linda resident , became a Quake Catcher last year , not knowing what to expect .
But soon after he and his wife , Manya Pierce , joined the network , Yorba Linda was at the center of a swarm of small earthquakes .
The couple ’s computers recorded most of the quakes and sent data to the network .
Rothfuss posted screen shots on the Quake Catchers ’ online bulletin boards like a proud papa .
Now , they have become quake - catching proselytizers themselves -- and are sounding a lot like Cochran .
“ If every K - 12 school in California had sensors running , ” Rothfuss said , “ it seems to me we could have some sort of early - warning system . ”
cara.dimassa@latimes.com
EA & Crytek have officially released the extended version of the Crysis 2 trailer shown at the New York City center a few days ago .
We ’ve embedded the trailer below in crisp 1080 p HD resolution .
Again it ’s Crysis so as expected the graphics are phenomenal , how about showing some gameplay footage for a change EA but for the time being you can drool all over the new trailer below .
" Working in IT , I see lots of error messages , " writes Eric , " this one , however , was unique .
Apparently the computer did n't nobulate quite right ... "
Jamie S got this while installing the Hudson .
" Not sure if they sacked IT Support to cover MP 's expenses , " Mike Davies writes , " so ... is that warn or chilly ? "
" I found this scrolling across a register at a Starbucks , " Craig writes .
" It looks like the rangers in Volcanoes National Park left their trivia on the old road somewhere , " Rob wrote .
" Too many choices ? "
Craig wonders , " then again , can you really ever have too many choices ? "
" I found this monitor on Amazon , " writes David Elder , " not quite sure how good of a touch - screen it is , though . "
" I was filling form AR - 11 on the US Citizen and Immigration Services website , and then went to submit it , " Adarsha writes , " it came back with this request , which was somewhat hard to answer .
I hit submit anyway , but then got an error saying ' Null is required ' . "
" I was adding XML comments to my .NET 3.5 project when Visual Studio 2008 gave me this error , " Matt " Frito " Alline wrote , " I tried to fix the error by getting everyone to switch over to C# , but that did n't fly with management . "
" Quite the Zen error message here , " George S writes , " but hey , at least there was an emoticon on the error message ! "
Geoff Chappell , Software Analyst
You have come to a website that has grown out of an academic interest in studying what software actually does .
There are nearly 2,000 pages here and I do hope you will find at least something that satisfies .
Unfortunately , the URL that got you here is no longer supported .
Either your browser has not run the client - side scripts that would automatically provide for backwards compatibility or those scripts have not worked properly .
I certainly do not require that you run any scripts to browse this website , but without them you will have to compose a new URL manually if you want to proceed .
In the URL that got you here , while it ’s still in your browser ’s address bar , look past the domain name and forward slash .
If the next characters are “ viewer.htm ? doc= ” ( without the quotes ) , then just delete those characters and refresh the page .
For instance , change
to
If there is no “ viewer.htm ? doc= ” in the URL , then it would seem that someone actually did intend for you to find this error page .
Please start at the home page instead .
By Mike Wells
Security precautions for London 2012 include the construction of a 17.5 km , 5,000 volt electric fence , topped with 900 daylight and night vision surveillance cameras spaced at 50 metre intervals .
On first sight of the fence you could be forgiven for thinking you had slipped through a wormhole in the space - time continuum to find yourself on the perimeter of a Soviet era Gulag .
The Code of Practice for the operating CCTV at the London Olympics states that
the threat of hostile individuals attempting to gain access through the perimeter is believed to justify the use of CCTV As part of the Command Perimeter Security System , CCTV will be deployed .
The use of military terms like hostile individuals and Command Perimeter Security System highlight a contradiction between the Olympic promise and reality , between the a sporting party image and a security paranoia now made visible in the form of the Olympic perimeter fence .
But there is a large and profitable industry supplying equipment and research to feed the paranoia of a new security mindset identified by author Matt Carr who comments …
A new genre of military futurology has emerged which owes as much to apocalyptic Hollywood movies as it does to the cold war tradition of ‘ scenario planning .
Often outlandish and bizarre in its prophecies , and always dystopian , this new military futurism sees threats to the western way of life emanating not only from rogue states , weapons of mass destruction and terrorism but also from resurgent nationalism , conflicts over dwindling resources , migration , disease , organised crime , abrupt climate change and the emergence of failed cities where social disorder is rife .
Other security measures to be implemented for London 2012 will include facial and iris recognition , finger - print and hand recognition , guards with attack dogs and search dogs .
New software is planned to integrate all of London 's CCTV cameras , and will have the capability to follow you through the city .
A scheme to search people and vehicles will include machines capable of looking through your clothing .
The Air Force will deploy its Reaper pilot - less drone aircraft , which will carry laser - guided bombs and missiles including the Hellfire air - to - ground weapon .
While on the Thames , the Royal Navy will deploy its new £ 1 billion Daring class Type 45 destroyer .
These are also to be fitted with laser - guided missile systems able to shoot down a target the size of a cricket ball .
It is rumoured the London ’s Met Police are planning to use remotely controlled mini aeroplanes with surveillance cameras ( spy drones ) at the Olympics .
A company likely to supply the equipment is AirRobot UK Ltd.
Air Robot UK ’s website tells us that …
AirRobot UK was chosen as the UAV [ unmanned aerial vehicle ] system to cover aerial surveillance at the London Olympics 2012 Handover Ceremony during the late summer of 2008 .
The system was deployed at The Mall and Buckingham Palace to provide real time images to emergency services at the event . ( 2 )
The Home Office website alleges that ...
Ensuring the safety and security of the 2012 Games will be one of the largest , most complex security challenges the UK has ever faced .
The Home Office ’s suggestion appears an overstatement .
Securing Britain form Nazi Germany during the second world war , and preventing global nuclear destruction during the Cold War would fit the their description , but as Matt Carr comments …
In recent years , the military establishments of the US and the UK have produced a series of reports that attempt to ‘ think the unthinkable in imagining future threats to the security of the West .
The Olympic Act , which sets out various laws relating to the Olympics , gives the right of forced entry into private property to remove unauthorised advertising or protest banners .
Even more worrying is that the right of forced entry is extended outside the police force to staff contracted to the ODA .
According to The Times security measures for the London Olympics will include the nationwide use of Section 44 of the Terrorism Act , allowing police stop and search without suspicion .
The London Olympics and its security does not exist in isolation but in a continuum of increasing state surveillance and security hysteria .
Any extra powers gained by the state over the citizenry should ring alarm bells because of the danger they will become accepted and permanent .
A subcategory of Military Futurism known as Red Teaming is a way of assessing your own security from the point of view of those who would attack you , as though you are your own enemy .
It is promoted as a way of thinking without preconceptions or boundaries .
Red Team journal comments that …
[ S ] ome events also are so unlikely that their very randomness lowers all obstacles to them occurring . [… ]
This poses a particular problem for red teaming and threat analysis .
How can we plan for every conceivable scenario ?
Or , to take a different tack , should we ?
Being strong everywhere means being weak everywhere .
One can easily drain organizational resources planning for “ movie - plot ” WMD terrorism only to be surprised by a group of men with machine guns .
But protecting the national interest is a [ sic ] task that must be accomplished regardless of human weakness .
( 4 )
The idea that we should “ protect the national interest regardless of human weakness ” sounds more like a line from a Hollywood B movie than something that should be taken seriously by government agencies , and yet looking at the development of the London Olympic Security one can imagine this is a way of thinking that has taken root .
Concerns over surveillance , security and privacy led a group of academics to draft a public statement over these issues at the Vancouver winter games .
having analyzed past and planned Olympics and other mega events , from a variety of historical and international perspectives , we recognize : * that recent Games have increasingly taken place in and contributed to a climate of fear , heightened security and surveillance ; and
* that this has often been to the detriment of democracy , transparency and human rights , with serious implications for international , national and local norms and laws .
These academics seem to have a point .
Extrapolating further along the graph of surveillance and securitisation one would predict that the military / security / prison industrial complex will become increasingly embedded , effective and difficult to dislodge .
What would satiate the appetite of this sector of the state apparatus would logically be a point at which dissent becomes impossible .
New security technologies will make it possible to monitor populations with only a small number of personnel and hence at minimal cost .
In theory this means a small minority could have the ability to control a whole population and this should be seen as a potential threat , ironically it should perhaps be a scenario Red Teaming should plan against , however Red Teaming smacks more of maintaining an incumbent elite than preventing it careering out of control .
Military futurism ’s predictions of a dysfunctional society full of threats could be a self - fulfilling prophesy , because as it attempts to do the impossible , in “ protecting ” from all “ conceivable scenarios ” , it must necessarily turn us all into suspects .
Hence it has to reduce our trust in each other , and eventually in the state apparatus itself .
London ’s police force recently refused a Freedom of Information Request on their plans to use spy drones , saying that
this [ their reply ] should not be taken as necessarily indicating that any information that would meet your request exists or does not exist .
In other words this is secret .
AirRobot UK ’s drone is small , silent and difficult to spot .
It can also be landed ( perched ) in hidden locations such as rooftops in order carry out covert surveillance .
Enhanced by new technology Britain seems to be sleep walking towards a big - brother state , which is camouflaging itself as means of protecting ordinary “ hard working families ” .
Yet life cannot exist without risk and in this case trying to eliminate risk carries the greater danger of dis-empowering and separating us from each other while at the same time leaving a window of opportunity for a small elite to monitor and control us .
Perhaps the cherry on the surveillance cake , and a technology that could eventually make dissent difficult , is Threat Assessment and Behavioral Analysis Software .
This new innovation has the ability to monitor CCTV images and recognise patterns of behavior .
It is reported to be under consideration for the London Olympics ( 3 ) .
Text and photos © Mike Wells mikejwells@yahoo.com
References
Slouching Towards Dystopia : the new military futurism by
Matt Carr in Journal of Race and Class .
Jan 2010 ; 51 : 13-32
(1) Olympic-park-site-CCTV-code-of-practice.pdf
(2) http://www.airrobot-uk.com/air-robot-news.htm
(3 ) http://www.reading.ac.uk/api/api-threat.aspx
( 4) http://redteamjournal.com/2009/03/military-futurism/
( PhysOrg.com ) -- A Danish study suggests drinking a lot of cola regularly could men ’s lower sperm count by almost 30 percent .
The culprit does not appear to be caffeine , since coffee did not have the same effect , even though it contains even more caffeine than cola .
Leader of the research team , Professor Tina Kold Jensen of the University Department of Growth and Reproduction at the Rigshospitalet in Copenhagen , said the results of previous studies on the effect of caffeine on male fertility had been unclear , and the study participants had usually been carefully selected , often because they were infertile or about to undergo vasectomy .
The current study included 2,554 young men and aimed to find out how the increasing consumption of soft drinks containing caffeine by young people in Denmark might affect male reproductive health .
The participants were recruited in the period 2001 to 2005 when they were having their compulsory physical examination to determine if they were fit for military service .
They were asked to complete a questionnaire about lifestyle and diet , including information on their intake of caffeine from various sources including cola , and they also delivered a semen sample .
The results were that those with low to moderate total caffeine intake and cola consumption ( up to 800 mg / day caffeine and up to 14 x 0.5 liter bottles of cola per week ) showed no link with semen quality in terms of sperm concentration and sperm count , while those with high intake of total caffeine and / or cola ( over 800 mg / day and more than 14 x 0.5 liter bottles / week ) had reduced sperm count and concentration , but this was only significant for the cola intake .
Those with low to moderate consumption ( the vast majority ) had higher sperm counts ( average 56 million / ml ) than those who drank cola .
In the 93 men who drank a liter ( a quart ) or more a day the sperm counts were much lower ( 35 million / ml ) .
Even the lower count is within the World Health Organisation ’s reported normal limits , but a reduced sperm count increases the risk of eventually becoming infertile .
The study found no link between caffeine in tea or coffee and the lowered sperm count , which meant the effect may be produced by other ingredients in the soft drinks , or other factors related to lifestyle , but the authors said they could not “ exclude the possibility of a threshold above which cola , and possibly caffeine , negatively affects semen quality ” .
The researchers also found that those who drank cola had unhealthier lifestyles , ate less fruit and vegetables , and more fast foods than those who did not .
It is therefore unclear if one or more of the cola ’s ingredients , the unhealthy lifestyle , poor diet or a combination of these factors is responsible for the reduced sperm quality .
The study findings are published in the American Journal of Epidemiology .
Explore further Cola may contribute to osteoporosis
More information : Tina Kold Jensen et al. , Caffeine Intake and Semen Quality in a Population of 2,554 Young Danish Men , American Journal of Epidemiology , doi:10.1093/aje/kwq007
Tina Kold Jensen et al. , Caffeine Intake and Semen Quality in a Population of 2,554 Young Danish Men ,
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
1685 / Bach - Nosaj
Thing
This song is dirty , and Nosaj ’s album is the first dubstep record I ’ve really liked since Burial .
check it out .
What you see here is an example of pure disregard for legibility .
Firstly , the words are set in all caps , which undermines readability .
Secondly , the letters are deliberately narrowed , which yet again makes it less readable .
Thirdly , the very message in its wording has hardly changed in 30 years , so it ’s lost its meaning ( no one really noticed that “ Smoking is bad for your health ” got replaced with “ Smoking harms your health ” ) .
Using the same wording is essential .
If it kept changing , people would start paying attention ( in the US and Europe , there is a tremendous variety of warnings ) .
Fourthly — and this is the most important — the text is intentionally made part of the overall design — it is completed with a line of the corporate red .
For smokers the warning is rendered as meaningless as the fact that the coat of arms on the pack features the motto “ I came , I saw , I conquered ” in Latin .
Well , it looks like you can add another contender to the great light bulb debate -- a group of researchers from RTI International now says that nanofiber lighter is more efficient than incandescent light bulbs , and safer than compact fluorescents .
The secret to that , it seems , is a combination of nanofiber - based reflectors and photoluminescent nanofibers ( or PLN ) , which together are able to form a lighting device that pumps out more than 55 lumens of light output per electrical watt consumed .
That 's five times more efficient than a regular incandescent light bulb , and since there 's no mercury , the researchers say it 's far safer than CFL bulbs .
What 's more , it 's also apparently able to produce more natural light than CFLs , although there 's noticeably no mention of potential pricing -- they do say that the first products using nanofiber lighting could be available in three to five years , though .
Video after the break .
[ Thanks , DeFlanko ]
We answer the phone here at the League “ Pro- Life Action League , ” yet we receive a surprising number of phone calls asking how much abortions cost or whether we perform abortions .
We always refer them to a crisis pregnancy center or spend some time talking about their decision and the dangers of abortion .
But a phone call today alerted us to something beyond simply “ surprising ” :
Our phone number and address are listed on a solicitation for “ The Home Abortion Kit . ” [ pdf ]
Secret Chemicals Promised To Destroy The Fetus
A concerned woman from Minnesota called our office this morning to find out if a person could really purchase a kit for $ 400 ( or 3 for $ 1,000 ) that , at home , would “ break down the fetus into bio - waste in a mere ten minutes ” which could then “ be disposed of down the toilet , down the drain , or into a compost heap because it is completely safe for the environment , ” even “ up to the eighth month of pregnancy . ”
It turns out the recipient was a pro-lifer who was very relieved to discover this was a hoax .
She promised to mail us the original immediately .
Right To Life Group Receives Same Letter
The League ’s address and phone number listed on the ad
At lunchtime my co-worker John Jansen took a call from the Kentucky Right to Life Association in Louisville .
They had received the same disgusting advertisement .
They immediately faxed us a copy [ pdf ] of the mailing and put the original in the mail .
In the mid-afternoon we had a similar call from California .
The organization purporting to offer this kit calls itself “ American Women ’s Health . ”
But our address and phone number are listed both as the return address on the envelope and the address payments should be sent to .
The “ at home abortion ” offered is a blatantly illegal procedure in almost every state in the country .
In Illinois , for example , only a physician can legally perform an abortion .
44 states have regulations on who may perform the procedure .
( In fact , these regulations are what have led Planned Parenthood locations in Iowa to start offering tele - conference “ doctor ’s consultations ” with abortion patients . )
Authorities Notified
The tools supposedly contained in the home abortion kit
I spoke with the Chicago Police Department about our concerns , and I have completed paperwork to notify the United States Postal Office of this mail fraud , which is being sent out today by Priority Mail .
We also made a report to the FBI .
The USPS form [ pdf ] ( not surprisingly ) does n’t have a line where you can fill in that a fake group sent an anonymous mailing in your organization ’s name for an illegal and non-existent procedure .
But I did the best I could .
Have You Received This Mailing ?
We are trying to understand the scope of this fraud .
If you or someone you know received this mailing , please send us the original immediately .
We hope that by collecting enough of these letters , the USPS and police will have enough information to track down the perpetrator of this crime .
The private investigator at the centre of allegations against MP Helena Guergis owed creditors more than $ 13 million as of August 2009 , according to documents obtained by CBC News .
Court records reveal that Derrick Snowdy has filed for bankruptcy , with total liabilities of $ 13,313,976 and total assets of $ 11,379 as of Aug. 21 , 2009 .
A decision by the court has not yet been made .
Snowdy is reported to be the source of the " serious allegations " that Prime Minister Stephen Harper said led him to request Guergis 's resignation from cabinet and the Tory caucus last week .
Snowdy reportedly told a Conservative party lawyer last Thursday that his investigation into Toronto businessman Nazim Gillani had uncovered allegations of cocaine use and stock fraud involving Guergis and her husband , former Conservative MP Rahim Jaffer .
The lawyer passed those on to the Prime Minister 's Office .
Interview Read the transcript of an interview by the CBC News ’ Dave Seglins with Nazim Gillani spokesperson Brian Kilgore .
Listen to the audio .
The Toronto Star also said Snowdy told the lawyer that Gillani had boasted he had cellphone pictures of Jaffer and Guergis " partying " with high - class escorts when cocaine was being snorted .
Howard Rubel , a lawyer representing Guergis , vehemently denied the allegations , calling them " ridiculous boasts " by a businessman facing fraud charges .
Gillani has been charged in an unrelated matter .
Gillani himself , according to spokesman Brian Kilgore , repudiates the tales of drugs and prostitutes , and has acknowledged being " over- enthusiastic " in his descriptions of his encounters with Jaffer .
Kilgore told CBC
News late Thursday that Gillani also denies he has any incriminating photos of the couple with cocaine or prostitutes .
Leaked bankruptcy details a ' smear ' : P.I .
Snowdy acknowledged Thursday in an email to the CBC that he filed for bankruptcy protection , but he said it was because a dodgy employee had stolen from his company and forced him to borrow more than $ 1 million to pay taxes .
In his email , he called the leak and spin about his bankruptcy a " smear " meant to divert attention and rejected any suggestion he was out for money while investigating Gillani .
" They want to smear me they can , " he wrote .
" I was never an investor , I lost nothing with the company .
I was privy to documents and meetings because Gillani believed I was a potential investor .
That was some of how I gathered the documents and information .
I never held any share in the company not even for a minute . "
The revelations raise questions about whether the PMO did any due diligence on the Guergis allegations before she was turfed from cabinet and caucus .
The PMO initially called the accusations against the former status of women minister " serious and credible , " and used that phrasing as recently as Thursday morning .
But spokesperson Dimitri Soudas later said that Harper " made clear that the information was second - hand " when he referred the matter to the RCMP and Parliament 's ethics commissioner for investigation .
Guergis , for her part , has decried the " innuendo from anonymous sources " that derailed her political career .
She said she contacted the Mounties and the ethics commissioner to offer her full co-operation once she heard the prime minister had referred the case to them .
On Tuesday , the ethics commissioner , Mary Dawson , said she would not pursue an investigation .
Lost Season Six , Episode Eight : Recon
LAPD Blues
Different But the Same
The Man in the Mirror
Connect ( ion ) Four
The Mamas and the Papas
Group Dynamics
Papa Do Preach
Mommy Dearest
Hydra ?
I Do n’t Even Knowa !
In Conclusion
Top of the mornin ’ !
Happy St. Patrick ’s Day , and more importantly , Happy Morning After LOST .
Another week , another episode that underwhelmed Maggie and satiated yours truly .
I did n’t love “ Recon , ” but I view it like this season ’s “ Lighthouse ” episode : what it lacked in plot development or compelling dialogue , it made up for in mythology and did a nice job setting up the next episode .
Let ’s just hope that next week ’s episode is as impressive as Lighthouse ’s follow - up , Sundown .
( From the looks of the preview – a Richard Alpert backstory episode – I ’m betting we wo n’t be disappointed . )
But we ’ve got some nuggets to dissect from Recon ; aside from Sawyer bedding two gingers , some serious mommy issues and a really ominous submarine closet .
Let ’s do this .
Recon began with déjà vu all over again : Sawyer ’s classic “ pigeon drop ” con being played out on a hapless , post - coital mark .
Only , this ginger was sharper than the average daywalker : turns out , her hubby was a conman , and she was onto Sawyer .
Ever a step ahead , Sawyer revealed he was in fact doing Recon on her – that she was part of a setup designed to lead the LAPD to her con artist lover .
For proof , he summoned the swat team with a very interesting codeword : LaFleur .
Chalk that up as yet another probably - insignificant - but - still - cool commonality between our two timelines .
Detective Ford is a mostly - readable carbon copy of Scumbag Sawyer .
He ’s the same smooth - talking , criminally - minded southern gentleman .
His origin story – where a conman Sawyer ruins his parents ’ marriage and causes his father to kill his mother and then himself – remains the same .
And he ’s still out for revenge .
But Detective Ford is different in some ways .
For one thing , he followed a more noble path toward that vengeance against Sawyer .
“ I guess I got to a point in my life where I was either gonna be a criminal or a cop , so I chose cop , ” he says .
The key word there is “ chose . ”
Remember , Jacob ’s modus operandi is to lead people to the precipice of a big decision , then trust their inherent goodness to let their free will make the right decision .
In his original back story , Sawyer chose evil .
This time though , he has chosen to at least accrue some karma by taking down bad guys .
Interestingly enough , this episode featured Miles in a prominent role , but we did n’t see one ghost .
Unless you count Charlotte ’s glaring white backside .
And I do .
Miles – playing Ford ’s partner on the force – sets James up with Charlotte , who he says works with his dad at the museum .
Remember , Miles ’ father is Pierre Chang , the mastermind behind Dharma ’s time travel experiments .
In this timeline , it would appear Chang left the Island ( or never went ) before it sunk to the bottom of the ocean .
Interesting .
I would ’ve pegged Chang as “ destined ” for that job .
Bottom line : last night ’s Sawyer was a familiar face , but the choices he had made left him in different surroundings .
Whether his killer instinct is still honed remains to be seen .
But something tells me this Sawyer does n’t quite have it in him .
I think he ’s a better guy .
Additional fun fact : Sawyer was watching Little House on the Prairie , the very show he told Kate he liked in the Season Three episode , “ Tricia Tanaka is Dead . ”
Whaddya know , that episode was good for something after all .
After adding a second ginger notch to his belt in as many days , James Ford chases Charlotte out of his apartment when she finds his Sawyer File .
Miles – after doing a little recon himself – puts the pieces together and sniffs out Sawyer ’s deceptions .
Sawyer , frustrated at the rare occurrence of being found out , smashes his hand through the mirror in the locker room .
And here I should apologize .
I ’ve neglected to mention in any of my writeups this season the significance of mirrors .
Every flash - sideways storyline has featured a main character examining themselves in a reflective surface .
Jack checked out his mysterious shaving nick in the 815 lavatory , then examined his abdominal scar in his apartment .
Kate , Locke and Ben all caught glimpses of themselves , too .
The whole gang has had one moment of literal and figurative reflection in each of their respective flash - sideways .
That ca n’t be insignificant .
I believe it has something to do with the motif of self - actualization that I ’ve discussed previously .
Our sideways characters are – for the most part – at peace with themselves and living , arguably , a better life .
Jack ’s a good dad , Kate grew a heart , Locke made peace with his paralysis , Ben was selfless with Alex and Sawyer chose cop over con .
While these characters all still have their faults , they ’re more or less in a better place .
I ’m still high on my theory that this alternate reality will be the reality into which our Island - bound castaways “ escape , ” if they choose to do so .
And I think the mirror theme , as a symbol of self - examination , is meant to provide our characters a literal and figurative device with which to examine the merits of that reality .
Each character has improved their lives in this reality , but each still has glaring flaws .
And perhaps the mirror metaphor is a method of reminding them ( and us ) that the grass may not always be greener on the other side ( ways ) .
And I ’d be remised if I did n’t mention Sawyer and Kate ’s rendezvous .
After slamming into his and Miles ’ cruiser , Kate runs ( shocker ! ) before Sawyer tracks her down .
So that ’s Sawyer and Kate , together .
Jin and Sayid , together .
Locke and Jack , linked by an inevitable surgical consult .
And Ben and Locke , chilling in the teacher ’s lounge .
Four big connections that may prove the link between our castaways to be strong enough to withstand the test of ( alternate ) time ( lines ) .
Keep an eye on it .
I swear , it ’s gonna matter .
Once again , I found the on-Island story much more compelling than What If Land .
Terry O’Quinn ’s ability to make me believe he is a completely different character this season is unbelievable .
I buy him as Locke , and as Flocke .
And last night , Flocke set up several strategic dominos .
Locke played Charles Ingalls last night , serving as a reassuring , motivating father to his wayward flock .
Pretty ironic for a man who never had a good example of a father to go off of .
After uniting his new band of followers with unwitting participant Jin and new recruit Sawyer – who were left behind at Camp Crazy to babysit Claire ’s poop baby – he distanced himself from “ the black smoke ” by claiming that it killed the people at the Temple .
He did n’t see fit to mention that he is the freaking black smoke , so add that to your list of reasons Flocke is Evil .
He even took time to console tail section kiddos Emma and Zach , who is still cradling the same teddy bear he ’s been dragging around since Season Two .
Next , he sought to chill everyone else the eff out .
He explained that they needed to keep moving in order to ( metaphor alert ! ) “ take advantage of the daylight . ”
Innocuous line or another hint that new - look - Locke is , in fact , exploiting these people ’s natural goodness ( or “ light ” ) , for his own personal gain .
Finally , Locke set out to strategically position Sawyer , Kate and Claire , for the next phase of his chess match .
Claire explains to Kate that poop baby was merely a substitute for Aaron .
“ It ’s all I had , ” she says .
30 minutes later , Claire jumps Kate .
( You would ’ve thought that an episode that required me writing “ Claire jumps Kate ” would ’ve been much better . )
Locke pulls Claire off to diffuse the situation , but Claire is n’t calming down .
He tells her – much like my parents often had to tell me – “ this is completely inappropriate . ”
And when she still does n’t chill out , Locke proves once and for all that his pimp hand is strong , and swipes Claire across the face .
While you may not agree with the methods , you ca n’t deny that Locke has a very fatherly dynamic with Claire – one that perhaps originated with his protection of her from drug - addled Charlie and his building of Aaron ’s bassinet , way back in Season One .
Though now , that relationship is in a much darker place ; one where Locke seems primed to exploit Claire ’s trust in him for personal gain .
Next up on the John Locke tour of fatherhood missions : Sawyer , who trusts Locke more than I would .
Locke easily talks Sawyer into a Hyrda Island recon mission , after explaining to his new “ son , ” that his predicament with the Temple Others was a “ kill or be killed ” situation – they wanted him dead , he wanted to leave the Island , and something had to give .
Finally , Locke addresses Kate .
He apologizes for Claire ’s behavior , taking responsibility for creating in her a dark hatred .
Interesting to hear Locke rationalize his manipulation of Claire , was n’t it ?
He claimed that hatred kept Claire going when she thought Aaron was gone .
Some father .
For a show heavy on daddy issues , last night ’s mommy blockbuster was a hell of a moment .
Locke ’s monologue to Kate about his own issues with his lineage was perhaps one of the more revealing mythology moments we ’ve had yet .
“ You referred to me as a dead man .
I am not a dead man… .
My mother was crazy .
A long time ago , before I looked like this , I had a mother just like everyone .
She was a very disturbing woman , and as a result of that , I had some growing pains .
Problems that I ’m still trying to work my way through .
Problems that could ’ve been avoided had things been different …( and ) now , Aaron has a crazy mother , too .
” Whew .
That ’s heavy .
If Jacob and MIB are indeed meant to be actual historical characters , then we should all be looking up “ crazy , disturbing mothers in history ” on Wikipedia .
I love hearing about pre-body - of - Locke MIB .
I ca n’t wait to see where the origins of that character came from .
Here ’s a couple thoughts .
As Maggie reminded me , many have purported a “ time loop ” theory as it pertains to LOST .
That everything we ’re seeing is just a continuous loop , rehashing the same major events with slightly different twists each time .
Last night , we heard Locke refer to his crazy mom , who he then equated to Claire .
If LOST is indeed showcasing a repeating loop of time , could it be reasoned that MIB is the manifestation of Aaron ?
Remember , Aaron has always been ominous .
Psychic Richard Malkin warned that “ great danger surrounds this child , ” and Claire has always been afraid to raise him .
What if Aaron – the only character we really know with a crazy mom – is the reincarnation of the Man in Black ?
Or , put another way , maybe the Man in Black is the grown up version of Aaron .
Makes you think again about that mysterious little blondie that Sawyer and Locke encountered in the jungle a few weeks back , does n’t it ?
Or let ’s go another direction with Locke ’s monologue last night .
I hung on the part where he said that his crazy mother had resulted in “ growing pains ” for him .
I do n’t think he mean the Seaver Family kind ( RIP Boner ) .
He also noted that he was still trying to work through those problems , and that those problems “ could ’ve been avoided had things been different . ”
Very interesting .
Is Man in Black looking through his own mirror at this point ?
He seems to be contemplating what an alternate version of himself – one devoid of bad - momma baggage – might ’ve turned out .
The more we learn about the Man in Black , the more I ’m intrigued by the concept of him as a real , living , breathing man .
He referenced his “ past body ” last night , and told Sawyer a few weeks ago that he used to be a man , just like him , who felt pain and loss .
So how did this flesh - and - blood man become the ruthless , smokey , Man in Black ala Locke ?
I think it might have to do something with his physical and mental imprisonment , and perhaps the idea that he can’t leave the Island until he ’s unloaded and dealt with that “ pain , ” that “ loss ” and that “ crazy mother .
” Time will tell .
But let ’s mentally bookmark Locke ’s download of information about his mother .
It matters .
Sawyer ’s mission to Hydra Island was fruitful , for the most part , if not somewhat confusing .
After battling through a half dozen Widmore flunkies – including “ Zoe , ” or as I like to call her , “ Lizzzzz Lemmoooonnnnnnnn ! ! ” – Sawyer finally gains an audience with the man himself .
( He even got the line of the night for , “ Take me to your leader . ” )
Two quick notes : ( 1 ) the makeshift pylon fence leads me to believe that Widmore knows exactly what he ’s dealing with in Smokey .
( 2 ) What ’s in that locked closet ?
More to the point : who is in that locked closet ?
Early money is on Desmond , who would only go back to the Island if locked in a submarine closet .
But , seeing as I ’m in NCAA bracket mode , I ’ll pick a sleeper : Walt .
Sorry , I just do n’t think we ’re done with him yet .
Sawyer ’s contentious , terse meeting with Widmore was a little ho -hum .
They wasted no time on pleasantries , however , with Sawyer accusing Widmore of attempted mass murder and Widmore condescending to Sawyer as a misinformed , ignorant pawn .
But both men put down their rulers long enough to cut a deal : Sawyer would deliver Locke if Widmore would deliver Sawyer ( and friends ) off the Island .
Fair enough .
I did like Sawyer ’s response when Widmore asked how he knew he could trust him .
“ Same way I know I can trust you . ” ( Read : you can ’t , but I ’m all you ’ve got . )
Upon returning to the beach , Sawyer comes clean to Locke and sets into motion some sneak attack battle plans .
Then , he returns to the camp to tell Kate that he ’s really just using Locke as a decoy to distract Widmore ’s people away from the submarine long enough to commandeer it and ride it to safety .
( by the way , worst dramatic ending ever : “ We ’re taking the sub ! ” Sigh ) .
To me , the question is where do Sawyer ’s loyalties lie .
What ’s his motive right now ?
I think it is , plain and simple , to get off the Island .
But it was interesting to watch him claim a variety of different alliances .
He told Jin he was “ with Locke . ”
Then he told Widmroe he would turn Locke in .
Then he told Kate he was n’t “ with anybody . ”
It seems Sawyer is playing a game within the game , pushing certain people into place for his own purposes .
I ’m going to end this about 500 words earlier than usual , if only because I do n’t think 3000 words are necessary to breakdown a “ setup ” episode .
And because next week looks like it might require 5000 .
But I think my main takeaway from Recon is a reinforcement of the motif of moral ambiguity that has been such a big part of this series .
I remember in Season One , convincing myself Locke was evil .
By the end of the season , I was sure he was good .
I ’ve repeated this cycle at least 20 times since .
Same for Sawyer .
And I go back and forth on Jacob , MIB , Richard Alpert and Ben Linus .
Contrast that ambiguity with the show ’s very deliberate inclusion of non-ambiguous dichromatic symbolism : black and white .
Every day , we hear about problems that “ ca n’t be broken down in black and white . ”
We hear about things that are n’t as simple as we ’d like them to be .
We question leaders who ensure us that there is one right answer to a problem .
And now we have Jacob and his nemesis , who seem unfailingly tied to their respective color : black or white .
Maybe the message behind that , is that no one way is right ; no solution is without its drawbacks .
And that we as humans – no matter which versions of ourselves we try to hold up to the mirror – are never without flaw .
Namaste .
Charlie
Overview Artistry In Motion , Inc. ® is the premier supplier of special effects confetti , streamers and confetti cannons to the entertainment industry worldwide .
We have a wealth of show - based knowledge that we combine with a strong customer service ethic and professional response to satisfy our clients ' special effect confetti and streamer needs .
We customize confetti effects for every imaginable occasion , client or venue .
We sell or rent our full line of proprietary equipment ( BigBlaster™ , MiniBlaster™ , BigShots ® Cannons , two sizes of the Silent Storm® , and Champagne Blast® ) to meet the needs of our diverse client base and we provide professional staffing of events , as requested .
With the ability to respond to virtually any confetti or streamer requirement within 24 hours , there simply is n't a special effect confetti or streamer challenge we can't handle .
Customer Service Artistry In Motion , Inc. ® has a unique customer service approach within the confetti special effects industry .
Our focus is on meeting our client 's needs consistently year after year .
Our extensive sales staff is experienced in every aspect of confetti and streamer special effects .
Whether it 's materials selection , effect creation , equipment support , development or installation , Artistry In Motion , Inc. ® can help guide you through your evaluation process to conclude with an optimal effect for your event .
Unlike any other U.S. based confetti supplier in the industry , we stock hundreds of thousands of pounds of raw materials and we have the unique internal ability to manufacture our own confetti and streamer products , rather than sourcing them from overseas .
As a consequence , we can fill any order precisely to our client 's specifications .
This means if you want 2,000 pounds of pink and yellow butterflies by next week - you get them !
All of our confetti and streamer orders are custom made .
This enables our clients to select the precise color combination and shape ( or streamer length and width ) they want - each and every time they order .
Simply said , we pride ourselves on making sure our clients receive top value for their special effects expenditures .
We stand ready to assist in any way we can and have a wealth of knowledge to assist you in your decision making process as well as effect execution Products and Services Artistry In Motion , Inc. ® boasts a large proprietary product offering of confetti , streamers , and confetti cannons to facilitate virtually any desired confetti or streamer special effect .
Our confetti cannons are designed for long - term reliable performance and are considered the industry standard .
Confetti cannons which have been designed and developed by Artistry In Motion® include the BigBlaster™ , MiniBlaster™ , BigShots ® Cannons , Wireless BigShots® , two sizes of the Silent Storm® , and Champagne Blast® .
Our confetti and streamer products are manufactured in the U.S. and are custom manufactured for each and every application .
This approach ensures that every effect has precisely the color , material and mix best suited for our client 's event or occasion .
Other products include proprietary custom die cut confetti shapes , CleanFree™ water soluble confetti and streamers , custom foam products and much more .
Most , if not all , of our confetti and equipment products are U.S. Patent or Copyright protected .
Artistry In Motion , Inc. ® has a staggering list of confetti and confetti cannon firsts , including : CleanFree™ Confetti and Streamers , Technoflek ™ Confetti , Double Rolled Streamers , SkyWords ™ Imprinted Confetti , Specialty Die Cut Confetti Shapes , as well as our focus on custom made orders .
From an equipment perspective the BigShots ® Cannon , the BigBlaster™ and the MiniBlaster™ led the way to other successful product developments , including the Champagne Blast™ Cannon and the highly regarded Silent Storm™ .
Combined with our other standard products , our branded equipment is an unbeatable line - up of high quality , reliable products that deliver precisely the effect intended .
Our service offering ranges from custom effect development , custom equipment development and installation to show staffing at virtually any venue around the world .
Our trained technicians can act as members of your staff to provide the on - site expertise needed to make sure your confetti or streamer special effect is performed precisely to your vision , or we can provide complete turn - key service and provide every element of the confetti or streamer special effect .
Cardinal Sean Brady said he was following bishops ' orders
The head of the Catholic Church in Ireland says he will only resign over claims he helped cover up sex abuse if he is asked to do so by the Pope .
Cardinal Sean Brady was at meetings in the 1970s where two abused teenagers signed vows of silence over their complaints against Fr Brendan Smyth .
Fr Smyth was a notorious sex offender jailed in the 1990s for child abuse .
" There was no cover up , I believed those people .
I brought what I heard to the bishop , " Cardinal Brady said .
The complaints of abuse were investigated by Cardinal Brady in his capacity as secretary to the bishop of Kilmore in 1975 .
Cardinal Brady said he had been following his bishop 's orders and there were no guidelines for dealing with such investigations at that time .
" Now I know with hindsight that I should have done more .
I thought at that time I was doing what I was required to do , and not just that , but most effectively .
I acted with great urgency to get that evidence and produce it .
Child sex abuse is a very serious crime and very grave and if I found myself in a situation where I was aware that my failure to act had allowed or meant that other children were abused , well then , I think I would resign
Cardinal Sean Brady , December 2009
" I believed in doing so , I was following the most effective route to get this stopped .
That is my concern and always was - the safety of children . "
He said his actions were part of a process that removed the shamed cleric 's licence to act as a priest .
He said he did not believe this was a resigning matter .
However , in an interview with Irish broadcaster RTE last December , the cardinal said he , himself , would resign if he found that a child had been abused as a result of any managerial failure on his part .
" I would remember that child sex abuse is a very serious crime and very grave and if I found myself in a situation where I was aware that my failure to act had allowed or meant that other children were abused , well then , I think I would resign , " he said .
At that time , the cardinal apologised on behalf of the Church after an Irish government report revealed abuse over decades , a systematic cover - up by the Church and a lack of action by Irish police .
He said : " No - one is above the law in this country .
" Every Catholic should comply fully with their obligations to the civil law and co-operate with the Gardai ( Irish police ) in the reporting and investigation of any crime . "
He said children 's welfare was now a priority for the Church .
Pope Benedict has had to deal with sex abuse scandals in various countries Father Smyth was a notorious child sex offender who was believed to have abused at least 20 children over a 40 year period in the north and south of Ireland .
He was eventually convicted and jailed for more than 90 offences , many of them committed after the Brady meetings .
However campaigners believe the cleric could have abused hundreds of children as he was moved around parishes , diocese and countries by the church .
They have accused Cardinal Brady of reckless endangerment and demanded his resignation .
A campaigner for victims of clerical child abuse in Ireland , Colm O'Gorman , said Cardinal Brady should resign .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
" He believed that this out of control paedophile [ Smyth ] had abused children and he did nothing to report this crime to the police either then , or it would appear , at any point over the next 20 years during which Smyth continued to rape and abuse in parishes across the world with near impunity , " Mr O'Gorman said .
" Instead he took part in a cover - up of Smyth 's crimes and swore his child victims to secrecy , " he said .
" At 36 years of age he ( Cardinal Brady ) was no fresh - faced seminarian , fresh out of college , he was a professor , a teacher and a canon lawyer . "
The revelations come as the Catholic Church worldwide grapples with accusations that it covered up abuse by priests .
In recent months paedophile scandals have rocked the church in Ireland , the Netherlands , Austria and Germany .
The Vatican recently denounced attempts to link Pope Benedict XVI to a child abuse scandal in his native Germany .
Spokesman Father Federico Lombardi said there had been " aggressive " efforts to involve the Pope , but added : " It 's clear that these attempts have failed . "
The Pope 's former diocese earlier said he once unwittingly approved housing for a priest accused of child abuse .
The episode dates back to 1980 when he was archbishop of Munich and Freising , and known as Joseph Ratzinger .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Since the collapse of the Soviet Union , the need to reassure allies has become , perhaps by default , one of the more important rationales for continuity in U.S. nuclear posture .
In fact , a view frequently expressed by current and former U.S. officials holds that Washington still maintains the largest strategic nuclear arsenal in the world precisely to provide these assurances .
Since the collapse of the Soviet Union , the need to reassure allies has become , perhaps by default , one of the more important rationales for continuity in U.S. nuclear posture .
In fact , a view frequently expressed by current and former U.S. officials holds that Washington still maintains the largest strategic nuclear arsenal in the world precisely to provide these assurances .
Most recently , a report from the Strategic Posture Commission took this idea in a somewhat different direction .
It maintained that “ extended deterrence , ” i.e. , nuclear deterrence on behalf of allies , is needed to inhibit the further proliferation of nuclear weapons .
For at least some allies , including Japan , the report connected this outcome to the continued presence of U.S. tactical nuclear weapons .
Does the assurance of allies and the prevention of nuclear proliferation really depend on specific and identifiable numbers or locations of nuclear weapons ?
There is little reason to think so . ”
But are these claims reasonable and well - supported ?
As if on cue , events have conspired to undermine this portion of the report .
In January , a letter from Japanese Foreign Minister Katsuya Okada to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was made public that disavowed any specific stance on U.S. tactical nuclear weapons .
According to a translation by the Citizens ’ Nuclear Information Center , Okada stated that Japan was “ not in a position to judge whether it is necessary or desirable ” for the United States to retain particular weapons systems , including the nuclear Tomahawk cruise missile , or TLAM -N , which the commission ’s report had deemed to be of special importance to Tokyo .
Shortly thereafter , Japan ’s new government went a step further by breaking with the opacity that long surrounded U.S. nuclear weapons in and around Japan .
The government openly acknowledged once - secret understandings that allowed Washington to bring nuclear - armed vessels into Japanese ports without notice .
Although U.S. Navy boats have n’t carried nuclear weapons for almost two decades , this disclosure symbolically closes the books on tactical nuclear weapons in Japan .
There is certainly no indication that Tokyo will now seek its own nuclear arsenal ; if anything , its commitment to abstention has been reaffirmed .
Events in Europe , where a few hundred U.S. nuclear gravity bombs remain deployed at certain NATO bases , are now moving haltingly in the same direction .
In late October , a new governing coalition in Germany produced a policy statement [ in German ] expressing concern about the state of the arms control and nonproliferation regimes and pledging to contribute to President Barack Obama ’s vision of nuclear disarmament .
In a translation by the Acronym Institute , the coalition agreement promised to “ advocate within NATO and towards our U.S. allies a withdrawal of remaining nuclear weapons from Germany . ”
Washington sounded a cautionary note in response .
Clinton reminded Germans in an early November interview that “ we have obligations to states further east .
We have obligations to states in the Balkans and further south .
So we have to bring everyone ’s opinion to the table as we consider what to do . ”
These remarks only hinted at the nature of Washington ’s concerns about removing tactical nuclear weapons .
More recently , however , three former U.S. and British officials accused the Germans of opening a “ Pandora ’s box , ” warning bluntly that revisiting NATO ’s “ nuclear - sharing ” arrangements could jeopardize Turkey ’s commitment to nuclear nonproliferation .
The progress of Iran ’s nuclear programs , they argue , creates pressure to acquire nuclear weapons that extends even to a NATO member state , i.e. , Turkey .
Undeterred , the foreign ministers of Belgium , Germany , Luxembourg , the Netherlands , and Norway have now asked NATO Secretary - General Anders Fogh Rasmussen to place a “ comprehensive discussion ” of nuclear arms control , nonproliferation , and disarmament on the agenda of an upcoming NATO meeting in Estonia .
Meanwhile , the public debate over the future of NATO ’s nuclear weapons has effectively already begun , stirred by peace activists ’ repeated intrusions onto a poorly secured air base in Belgium .
While the case of NATO remains unsettled , let ’s take a moment to ask the larger question :
Does the assurance of allies and the prevention of nuclear proliferation really depend on specific and identifiable numbers or locations of nuclear weapons , especially tactical nuclear weapons ?
There is little reason to think so .
Neither the capabilities nor the will of the United States to defend its treaty allies can be seriously questioned .
Washington has led coalitions into large - scale armed conflict abroad four times since the end of the Cold War–to liberate Kuwait , to defend Kosovo , to drive the Taliban from power , and to unseat Saddam Hussein .
Our willingness to pay in blood and treasure for interests and causes around the world has no parallel .
In addition , our commitment to allies is expressed in a variety of lesser , more ordinary ways , from trade and diplomatic relations , to bilateral and multilateral institutions and consultations , to arms sales and training , to joint military exercises and basing arrangements .
Especially in the absence of the Soviet threat , these measures seem more than sufficient .
After all , beyond the Middle East and the Korean Peninsula , few , if any , U.S. allies face anything resembling the sorts of dangers that spurred the Cold War nuclear buildup .
Even in those dark days , the details of extended deterrence were less of a consideration in preventing nuclear proliferation than is now advertised ; they were certainly less important than the basic question of willingness to accept dependence upon a superpower ally .
How else can we explain the British and French choices to acquire nuclear weapons in the 1940s and 1950s , despite massive U.S. nuclear superiority ?
By contrast , West Germany , Italy , and Japan , among others , remained satisfied with extended deterrence for the duration of the Cold War .
Today , the lack of a traditional nuclear threat to most of our allies is telling .
The debate in Britain over whether to replace the Trident submarine - launched ballistic missile centers on cost concerns .
If Turkey should ever decide to build a Bomb , how Ankara ’s leaders judge the status of Iran ’s nuclear program and whether they believe the country ought to “ stand on its own two feet ” will loom larger than the locations of U.S. nuclear weapons .
Defense officials have long struggled with how to translate weapon systems into deterrence , whether extended or “ central . ”
How to translate weapons into nonproliferation is murkier still .
Just one thing is clear : Today ’s nuclear threats center on the possible unraveling of the nonproliferation regime and the risk of nuclear terrorism .
That inspires questions about the continued relevance of nuclear policies and postures originally devised with the Soviet Union in mind .
The need to reassure U.S. allies does n’t prevent us from revisiting the basing of tactical nuclear weapons , and it should n’t .
Splinter Cell : Double Agent ended with a cliffhanger that left fans chattering on the forums boards .
Between the death of Lambert at the hands of Fisher , the mysterious death of Sam ’s daughter Sarah , and the hurried escape of Sam from the government … gamers were foaming at the mouth to learn more about their favorite international super spy .
On May 23 , 2007 , Ubisoft announced the development of Splinter Cell : Conviction .
It was originally given a near simultaneous release date with the original Assassin ’s Creed in November 2007 .
Between then and now , Assassin ’s Creed had blossomed into a full game franchise , but within that time , the Ubisoft Montreal team had little to show the world of Sam Fisher ’s latest adventure .
After three long years of delays , massive redesigns and near cancellations , Conviction has finally hit stores shelves .
But is it worth your hard earned money ?
Sam Fisher has been on the run from U.S. authorities after he murdered his boss Lambert during an under cover operation for Third Echelon , a contractor that specializes in highly secretive government security .
His former colleague , Anna “ Grim ” Grimsdottir , locates him , informs him that his daughter is in fact not dead from the drunk driving car accident that Sam was lead to believe .
Unless
Sam does exactly what she says , he ’ll never see his daughter alive again .
Sam was forced back into the game of international espionage .
While we wo n’t go any further in retelling the story out of fear for spoilers , the storyline of Conviction is definitely a step back in the right direction for the Splinter Cell series .
It ’s full of the usual betrayals , twists , turns , and plots within plots within plots .
Fans of Sam ’s past adventures will definitely remember this one for years to come .
And for people who do n’t know of Sam ’s past exploits , the exposition is conveniently retold between levels and through stylish wall projects .
Splinter Cell has been heralded for years by many as being the pinnacle series within the stealth genre .
The stealth gameplay has been tweaked , probably to the point of alienating some Splinter Cell purists .
The light meters from earlier Splinter Cell titles are gone .
There is no HUD on screen showing players when they ’re completely hidden from the enemy .
Instead , Sam is shown as being cloaked in darkness when the screen turns from full color to black and white .
Its an interesting execution , but when the world turns to black and white , much of the detail is lost and you ’ll be praying at times for some night vision goggles .
Sadly ,
Sam ’s standard night vision goggles never make an appearance , which is an absolute shame .
They ’re practically the unofficial logo for the Splinter Cell series .
Gamers , even non-fans of the series , automatically think of Splinter Cell when they see images in that green to black gradient scale as they hear the whining sound as the goggles are brought to life .
What gamers are presented with in the later part of the single player experience , are sonar goggles that can detect humans through certain walls .
They ’re useful for spotting enemies ahead of time .
But they offer very little in terms of night vision .
Sadly heat vision and electrical vision are unavailable .
While Sam has lost some of his much prized equipment , he has gained some other performance tweaks .
Control - wise , this is the best Splinter Cell title in the series .
When you tell Sam to move left , he moves left .
When you want him to jump and grab a ledge , he does it .
Take - downs , grabs , throws , sliding for cover , climbing , aiming and shooting are all immediately responsive and mapped intuitively .
The controls are dead on .
Sam is also faster and more lethal than before .
While he no longer carries the much - missed knife from Chaos Theory and Double Agent , Sam can now surprise enemies from the front as well as the back which results in some fantastic stealth assassinations that are absolutely brutal in appearance .
But these moves portray the amount of skill Sam has accumulated over the years of being a top secret government agent .
New to his skills is what Ubisoft calls “ Mark and Execute . ”
By taking down an enemy in hand to hand combat , Sam is granted one Mark and Execute order .
He can only carry one Mark and Execute order at any given time .
With a Mark order , Sam can preemptively tag multiple enemies and then with the push of one button , he ’ll quickly swivel his head around and take them down in order .
It ’s an interesting concept and Ubisoft executes it well , but stealth purists may not like it very much since one Mark and Execute order can clear almost an entire room .
On the other hand , it sure does make Sam look like a badass .
As you continue in your badassery , you ’re awarded points which can be used to purchase weapons and upgrades from weapons caches found sporadically through the linear levels .
Giving players the opportunity to carry the guns and ammunition they want adds a little bit of an RPG flair to the game , but then again , most Splinter Cell titles allowed you to customize your load out before beginning a mission .
Ammunition is never in short supply .
Never in my playthroughs have I run out of ammunition , and there were times when I was really pouring out the lead .
So , again , stealth purists may find this to be problematic .
Action fans , on the other hand , will love it .
Conviction continues the excellent tradition of stellar co-op stealth gaming that Chaos Theory started .
Players can connect through Xbox Live , system link or they can even play through split screen .
The cooperative missions in Conviction are not just “ tacked on ” levels to artificially lengthen the game .
They have some real meat to them .
The spies Archer and Kestrel can carry all the gadgets and perform all the same moves that Sam can do in the single player campaign .
Marking and executing works similar to Sam , but the pair of spies share tagged targets , making the takedowns much more massive in scale and drama .
In order to give each other more breathing room , generally the areas that Archer and Kestrel infiltrate are much more open than environments that Sam encounters .
Overall , you ’ll spend just as much time in the co-op as you will in the single player campaign .
The missions are just as hard and the AI is just as ruthless .
The coop missions must not be missed if you ’re going to own Conviction .
They are n’t essential to the functionality of the game or the story , but they are essential in terms of appreciating the entire package that Conviction offers .
However , since Xbox Live is the connecting factor , every gamer ’s experience is going to be different .
At the time of launch , the matchmaking is less than stellar and often times you ’ll be paired up with someone who does n’t match your request .
Often times you ’ll play a different level than the one you requested or on a difficulty setting that you do n’t want to play .
If a connection with another gamer is too slow , the game itself slows down to compensate .
And it ’s best to play with a friend since play style is very important in Conviction .
You may work incredibly hard to sneak up on an enemy when at the last moment , your team mate busts into the room guns blazing or he ’ll run through all the laser grids that you ’ve been working so hard on avoiding .
More often than not , you ’ll be annoyed at your fellow gamer , and less at the game itself .
Graphically , the game is gorgeous as it dances seemlessly from color to black and white .
I saw no clipping or low resolution texture .
The lighting effects and character models are all very well done .
Once or twice in the single player campaign , however , we did encounter processor slow - down during times of heavy action and radio chatter .
Overall though , very few negative points can be made about Conviction ‘s visuals .
Conviction definitely pushes the Splinter Cell story in the correct direction .
It ’s good to have Sam back in action .
While in the past , it seemed as though Jack Bauer took a few notes from Sam Fisher .
This time around , it seems the roles have been reversed .
Fans of the series 24 will probably adore this Ubisoft title .
The great storyline and pristine controls should make fans of stealth games happily pick this title up .
Even though it strays a bit from the standard stealth formula , there ’s still plenty of fantastic sneaking to be had .
With a more agile character and new ways to dispatch your enemies in silence , you are now the hunter more than ever .
Non-fans and casual gamers will do perfectly fine by only renting Conviction .
The short single player campaign and the hit - or - miss online co-op will make it or break it with most gamers .
Categorically , it teeters between stealth and action .
That hybrid is either going to be a big hit or a big miss , depending on the gamer .
It is an AMAZING game with high amounts of polish , a great storyline and fantastic controls , but it ’s definitely not for everyone .
The spies Archer and Kestrel open up the story in new directions and it would be fantastic to see these two in a full Splinter Cell spin - off title of their own someday .
Fingers crossed .
As for PC gamers , I ca n’t say whether or not Conviction is worth your hard earned dollars when it finally becomes available on that platform .
Everything that is true about the 360 version is true about the PC version with the exception of one thing .
One LARGE thing : Ubisoft ’s new digitial rights manager .
In order to enjoy Conviction on PC , you must be constantly connected to the internet while playing the game for security purposes .
Whether or not you ’re playing the single player or multi-player aspect of the game does n’t matter .
If your connection is spotty , or it becomes interrupted or if the Ubisoft servers go down , your game will stop .
Personally , I ’ve owned all the Splinter Cell titles on PC up until this one .
Using a constant , continuous and uninterrupted internet connection just to ensure my copy is legitimate is a pill that ’s too jagged for me to swallow .
Here ’s hoping that Fisher picks up his night vision goggles ( and soon ) for his next mission .
Step 1 of 2 . Personal Information Federal Law requires us to use our best efforts to collect the following information for each donor .
Title : * First Name : * Middle Name : Last Name : * Suffix : Select Mr. Ms. Mrs. Dr. Other Address 1 : * Address 2 : City : * State : * Zip : * Select Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware DC Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming AA AE AP Email Address : * Phone Number :
Contribution Information Each individual may contribute up to $ 2,500 for the primary election , and another $ 2,500 for the general election for a total of $ 5,000 .
Please select amount you would like to contribute .
$ 25.00 $ 50.00 $ 100.00 $ 250.00 $ 500.00 $ 1,000.00 $ 1,500.00 $ 2,500.00 Other Other Amount : $ ( max $ 2,500.00 )
Additional Information Federal law requires us to collect information about your occupation and employer .
If you leave this area blank or answer N/ A we will have to REFUND your contribution .
Again , this information is used for reporting purposes only .
Occupation * Employer *
Do not show me on the donations ticker .
Payment Information Credit Card PayPal
Federal law requires all online contributors to confirm that the following statements are true and accurate .
If you cannot confirm each statement , you are not eligible to contribute .
1 . This contribution is made on a personal credit or debit card for which I have the legal obligation to pay , and is made neither on a corporate or business entity card nor on the card of another .
2. I am a United States citizen or a lawfully - admitted permanent resident .
3 . I am making this contribution with my own personal funds , and I will not be reimbursed by anyone for this contribution .
4. I am not a federal government contractor .
5 . I am at least 18 years of age .
By clicking “ Make Donation ” you agree to the terms above .
Your donation is being processed now .
Contact Us
You may contact us by using any of the options below
Telephone Numbers Switchboard : 850-414-3300 Citizens Services : 850-414-3990 Human Resources ADA Coordinator : 850-414-3900 Florida Relay / TDD : 800-955-8771 Florida Toll Free : 1-866-966-7226
Fax numbers :
Find the fax number of the section you are contacting For information specific to a given subject area , please select from the list below :
Media Contact
All media inquiries should be directed to the Office of the Communications at 850-245-0150
For National Foreclosure Settlement inquiries or to file a complaint please visit our complaints section
In accordance with 28 CFR 35.107 , person (s ) wishing to file a complaint or grievance against the Office of the Attorney General for denial of access to services to the public , as defined by 28 CFR 35.130 , may do so through the Office of the Inspector General by using the on- line contact form , selecting Inspector General , and following the contact link or by calling the Office of Citizen Services at 850-414-3990 .
If you choose to provide information in a feedback form , conference registration form or other form on this site , unless specifically exempted by Florida Statutes , such information is a public record under Florida 's Government in the Sunshine Laws and available for public inspection upon demand .
Under Florida law , e-mail addresses are public records .
If you do not want your e-mail address released in response to a public - records request , do not send electronic mail to this entity .
Instead , contact this office by phone or in writing .
To all those religious people who tell us that atheists are offensive because we try to convince others our beliefs are more reasonable than theirs , or to the religious people who advise us to respect their beliefs simply because so many people hold them , or to the “ progressive ” religious people who tell us not to lump their faith in with that of the fundies when we criticize religion , Greta Christina has a response for you :
It is difficult to avoid the observation that , whenever believers give advice to atheists on how to run our movement , it is always in the direction of telling us to be more quiet , to tone it down , to be less confrontational and less visible .
I have yet to see a believer advise the atheist movement to speak up more loudly and more passionately ; to make our arguments more compelling and more unanswerable ; to get in people ’s faces more about delicate and thorny issues that they do n’t want to think about ; to not be afraid of offending people if we think we ’re right .
I have received a great deal of advice from believers on how atheists should run our movement … and it is always , always , always in the direction of politely suggesting that we shut up .
( via Greta Christina ’s Blog )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The British National Party ( BNP ) are calling for an end to immigration from Muslim nations , saying this presents a " deadly threat " to the UK .
The pledge is contained in the party 's election manifesto , launched by party leader Nick Griffin in Stoke .
The BNP also plan to give grants to encourage some UK residents to return to " their lands of ethnic origin " .
The BNP recently changed their whites - only membership policy after it was ruled unlawful by the courts .
Their opponents say they are extreme and their policies divisive .
The BNP is targeting Stoke , where they currently have a number of city councillors , plus 333 other constituencies as they seek to get their first MP elected to Westminster .
' Full - up '
Although they got two MEPs elected to Brussels in last year 's European Parliament elections , they received less than 1 % of the national vote in the 2005 UK general election .
The BNP are campaigning on a platform of curbing immigration , only allowing new migrants in " exceptional circumstances " and pledging to deport all illegal immigrants .
KEY POINTS : BNP MANIFESTO
Withdraw troops from Afghanistan Withdraw from European Union End immigration from Muslim nations
At -a- glance : BNP manifesto Manifesto Watch : BNP launch Mr Griffin said there was only one new commitment on immigration in the manifesto - which would see all citizenship grants approved since 1997 reviewed to see whether they are still " appropriate " .
Mr Griffin said the UK was " full - up " and it was time to " close the doors " .
The manifesto states " there should be absolutely no further immigration from any Muslim countries , as it presents one of the most deadly threats yet to the survival of our nation " .
The party has previously said Islam is incompatible with modern secular democracy .
Mr Griffin said his party would support " decent settled minorities who accept that Britain should remain British " .
But Mr Griffin said the manifesto had a " wholly new emphasis " - accusing the media of being " fixated " with immigration - and was focused on rebuilding the economy and employment .
Among other pledges , the BNP wants to leave the European Union , withdraw British troops from Afghanistan and abolish regional development agencies and other quangos .
It calls for restrictions on imports from China to help protect jobs in British manufacturing and avert " economic disaster " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Iraqis held at a secret prison in Baghdad were routinely tortured using whips , electric shocks and rape , according to an investigation by Human Rights Watch .
The organisation said it had interviewed 42 men who were among about 300 detainees transferred from the secret facility in the old Muthanna airport in west Baghdad to al - Rusafa into a special block of 19 cage - type cells over the past several weeks .
The existence of the secret prison was revealed in the Los Angeles Times .
All the detainees interviewed , Human Rights Watch said , described the same methods of torture .
" The jailers suspended their captives handcuffed and blindfolded upside down by means of two bars , one placed behind their calves and the other against their shins .
All had terrible scabs and bruising on their legs .
The interrogators then kicked , whipped and beat the detainees .
Interrogators also placed a dirty plastic bag over the detainee 's head to close off his air supply .
Typically , when the detainee passed out from this ordeal , his interrogators awakened him with electric shocks to his genitals or other parts of his body . "
Human Rights
Watch called on the Iraqi authorities to hold a thorough investigation into the allegations , which come at a time of heightened political uncertainty and tension after close parliamentary elections last month .
The former prime minister Ayad Allawi , whose cross-sectarian coalition won a surprise victory , today called for the formation of an impartial caretaker government to prevent the country from sliding into violence and counter what he says are efforts by the prime minister , Nouri al - Maliki , to change the results .
US officials fear that the disclosure of a secret prison in which Sunni Arabs were systematically tortured would not only become an international embarrassment , but would make it harder for Maliki to put together a viable coalition government .
Human Rights
Watch said the stories of torture were credible and consistent , with most of the 300 detainees displaying fresh scars and injuries that they said were a result of routine and systematic torture .
All were accused of aiding and abetting terrorism , and many said they were forced to sign false confessions .
" The horror we found suggests torture was the norm in Muthanna , " said Joe Stork , deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch .
" The government needs to prosecute all of those responsible for this systematic brutality . "
The men interviewed said the Iraqi army detained them between September and December 2009 after sweeps in and around Mosul , a stronghold of Sunni militants , including al - Qaida in Mesopotamia .
They told Human Rights
Watch that torture was most intense during their first week at Muthanna .
Well - informed sources told Human Rights Watch that the secret facility was under the jurisdiction of Maliki 's military office .
One 24 - year - old detainee , called I , said he was raped numerous times with a broomstick and pistol .
An interrogator told him that they would rape his mother and sister if he did not confess .
During another beating , interrogators hit him so hard that he lost several front teeth .
Sat , Mar. 6th , 2010 , 03:42 am
Enterprise Chatroulette
What the world needs is a service which is to chatroulette what Chatroulette is an interesting concept .
On the plus side , it reliably provides people to talk to ( especially if you 're a hot babe ) , and leads to some actual conversations .
On the downside , it has too many ( literal ) wankers , and feels lonely and disconnected while at the same time feeling like it 's always just about to give you some real social interaction in the same way IRC does .
I do n't feel myself getting sucked in , but then I stopped feeling the allure of IRC a few years ago .
What the world needs is a service which is to chatroulette what yammer is to twitter - the same service , but only for people who have accounts on the same domain .
That would allow it to be un-anonymized , since it could display the user 's login , and solve the wankers problem , because HR and a lack of anonymity takes care of that .
For companies above some size , it would be a great way for people to get the sort of random interaction with coworkers that they normally do in the office while working remotely .
It would also probably have an easy upsell to an expensive premium service for any company which started using it a lot , even if they did n't mean to .
Sat , Mar. 6th , 2010 01:11 pm ( UTC )
dossy
What might be neat is a mashup of ChatRoulette and LinkedIn - you do n't get connected to total random strangers , but a random choice amongst your 1st , 1st and 2nd , or 1st through 3rd degree connections ( your choice ) .
I 'd totally try something like this out .
LinkedInRoulette ?
What might be neat is a mashup of ChatRoulette and LinkedIn - you do n't get connected to total random strangers , but a random choice amongst your 1st , 1st and 2nd , or 1st through 3rd degree connections ( your choice ) .
I 'd totally try something like this out .
LinkedInRoulette ?
Sat , Mar. 6th , 2010 01:22 pm ( UTC )
bramcohen Facebook would be altogether more appropriate for that than linkedin , but somehow feels less appropriate than per domain .
I see people logged in to facebook all the time , but only occasionally chat with them .
Facebook would be altogether more appropriate for that than linkedin , but somehow feels less appropriate than per domain .
I see people logged in to facebook all the time , but only occasionally chat with them .
Sat , Mar. 6th , 2010 01:28 pm ( UTC )
dossy Facebook may yield more entertaining results , but with respect to your concept of " Enterprise ChatRoulette " using your Linked In network would be more ... professional .
At least , it would for me : my Facebook friends are all the people I know personally , where my Linked In network are strictly my professional contacts .
Facebook may yield more entertaining results , but with respect to your concept of " Enterprise ChatRoulette " using your Linked In network would be more ... professional .
At least , it would for me : my Facebook friends are all the people I know personally , where my Linked In network are strictly my professional contacts .
If you ’ve been feeling more shaking this year , it ’s not your imagination .
The number of quakes greater than magnitude 4.0 in Southern California and Baja California has increased significantly in 2010 .
There have been 70 such quakes so far this year , the most of any year in the last decade .
And it ’s only April .
There were 30 in 2009 and 29 in 2008 .
Seismologists said they are studying the uptick but cannot fully explain it .
Major earthquakes tend to occur in cycles , and experts have said the region in recent years has been in a quiet cycle when it comes to sizable temblors .
The string of quakes this year raises the possibility that Southern California might once again be entering a more active seismic period .
Scientists said the uptick does not mean that the Big One is any more imminent , but it could mean that more significant quakes are on the way .
Egill Hauksson , a geophysicist at Caltech , said the rate of quakes in the region is “ probably ... picking up again ” after a relative lull that lasted more than a decade .
“ What it means is that we are going to have more earthquakes than in the average year , ” said Hauksson .
“ With more earthquakes , we ’re bound to have more bigger ones .
But there are always fewer of those than the smaller ones . ”
Scientists , however , have not been able to fully explain the increase .
“ We would like to be able to explain it , ” said Kate Hutton , a seismologist at Caltech .
“ But there ’s no real correlation with any cause . ”
Many of the quakes this year have been aftershocks to the magnitude 7.2 temblor that rattled the Mexicali area earlier this month .
The border area had experienced a swarm of smaller quakes before that one .
And there have been more than 1,000 aftershocks , including more than a dozen that registered more than magnitude 5.0 .
The Mexicali quake was the region ’s largest in nearly two decades -- since the 7.3 Landers quake in the Mojave Desert in 1992 .
Despite their size , neither quake did catastrophic damage because they occurred in relatively remote areas far from major population centers .
The Landers quake occurred during a particularly active seismic period in the L.A. area .
Between 1987 and 1994 , the region experienced five major quakes .
In addition to Landers , there were the Whittier Narrows quake , which killed eight people , quakes in Big Bear and Joshua Tree , and the Northridge quake , which killed 57 people , injured 4,500 and caused about $ 40 billion in damage .
A weekly comic strip , covering politics , pop culture , and the absurd .
The Metric Resistance " Die imperial scum ! "
An underground guerrilla movement continues to fight for the metric system .
" Pounds Suck ! "
Exit 12 Interstate 95 Portsmouth , NH Interstate 93 Boston interchange .
Gas Guzzler Regular $ 0.75 per liter , Plus $ 0.79 per liter , Super $ 0.81 per liter
You 'll get your kid back as soon as you tell us her weight in kilograms .
You standardizing bastards !
Cubit = 45.72cm
What are you doing ?
GLUG ... Drinking soda straight from a ... GLUG ... two liter bottle .
That 's gross !
But not in conflict with our worldview .
Pontinha was thought to have been held by the Knights Templar , the religious order that was part of the Christian forces which occupied Jerusalem during the Crusades in the 12th century .
March 23 , 2010  -- President Obama signed the historic health care bill into law today , but Republicans are still fighting back with promises of lawsuits and heated rhetoric , including a shot from one GOP governor who blasted what he called Obama 's " nanny nation approach " to government .
Republicans across the country are specifically challenging the mandate in the health care bill that requires every individual to have health insurance , charging that it is unconstitutional .
The individual mandate is an " unprecedented overreach by the federal government forcing individual citizens to buy a good or a service for no other reason then they happen to be alive or a person , " Republican governor of Minnesota Tim Pawlenty said today on " Good Morning America . "
Pawlenty said he sent a letter to Minnesota 's Democratic attorney general arguing against the constitutionality of the mandate .
" They 've taken it to this big , federalized , bureaucratic , government - run , kind of nanny nation approach , " Pawlenty said .
" I do n't think defending the Constitution and individual 's rights under the Constitution , and the relationship between states and the federal government under the Constitution is a frivolous matter . "
Twelve state attorneys general , all of whom are Republican , have already filed suits to block the health care bill on the grounds that its requirement that everyone have health insurance is unconstitutional .
Four state legislatures have already passed laws blocking the bill .
On Wednesday , Virginia 's GOP Gov. Bob McDonnell will sign the bill into the state 's law , making it illegal for the federal government to require Americans to purchase health insurance .
Senior White House adviser David Axelrod dismissed the lawsuits , saying the Obama administration is very confident the health care bill " will withstand those legal challenges .
" First of all , every single major piece of legislation that 's ever been passed in this country has engendered lawsuits .
That 's the nature of our system , and we expected that , " Axelrod said on " GMA . "
" We 're not concerned about these lawsuits . "
Watch live coverage of President Obama signing the health care bill at 11:15 a.m. ET on ABC News network or streamed live on ABCNews.com .
Under the health care bill , by 2014 most Americans would be required to have health insurance or pay a fine , with the exception of low - income Americans .
Employers would also be required to provide coverage to their workers , or pay a fine of $ 2,000 per worker .
Companies with fewer than 50 employees , however , are exempt from this rule .
Like many of his GOP counterparts , Pawlenty assailed the partisan nature of the health care bill .
The legislation did not garner one single Republican " yes " vote in the House , which passed the bill Sunday night .
" There were 10 or 15 really good reforms that both sides could 've agreed on , " Pawlenty said .
" They [ Democrats ] were more interested in achieving that ideological or political goal rather than working with Republicans to get something done . "
Republicans are regrouping and gearing up to use the health care bill against their Democratic opponents in November 's midterm elections .
Ads blasting Democrats who were going to vote " yes " for the health care bill filled the airwaves well before the bill was even passed .
The Obama administration , however , believes the passage of the health care bill will actually help Democrats in the midterm elections .
" I think the heavy political lift would 've been is if this bill went down , " Axelrod said .
" The reality of this bill is so much different than the caricature they 've [ Republicans and insurance companies ] painted . "
As the two parties prep for tight races across the country , Democrats are likely to spin the argument in a way that reflects those who voted against the bill are voting against insurance reforms that would benefit Americans , such as the removal of lifetime caps on coverage or denying coverage based on pre-existing conditions .
" Ultimately this is not about the politics of November .
It 's about the security of Americans now and for future generations , " Axelrod said .
" But I also think the politics will work out much better because we did the right thing .
... Every Democrat who campaigns on this will be able to campaign proudly . "
After signing the bill , the president made remarks at the Department of Interior in what was mainly a celebratory event .
In the audience were lawmakers who voted for the bill , and people whose stories the president has used in the long fight to get the bill passed .
President Obama to Sign Health Care Bill
Even after the president signs the sweeping health care legislation into law this morning , the work on health care is not over .
Later this week , the president will return to the stump in Iowa to explain to the public how changes in the health care system will affect them .
The White House picked Iowa City because Obama delivered his first major speech on health care reform as a presidential candidate at the University of Iowa May 29 , 2007 .
The Senate also has to pass " fixes " to the bill , and Democrats are gearing up for a spate of procedural face - offs with Republicans .
Sen. Jim DeMint , R - S.C. , and Rep. Steve King , R - Iowa , introduced bills Monday to repeal the health care bill , and GOP lawmakers are vowing to fight the bill tooth and nail .
Some Republicans say their party made a mistake by not making more of an effort at bipartisanship , now that the bill is becoming law .
" A lot of the things Republicans said are going to be discredited .
It is going to be a very painful and difficult situation for Republicans to work their way out of , " said David Frum , a former speechwriter for President George W. Bush who is now a resident fellow at the conservative American Enterprise Institute .
Frum dubbed the passage of the health care bill as the GOP 's Waterloo .
" If you lose something as important as this , and you pick up some seats in 2010 , great , maybe you lose them in 2014 , " Frum said .
" This bill will still be there .
This bill will still be there forever . "
The Congressional Budget Office predicted the bill would cost $ 938 billion -- mainly through a mix of tax increases and reduction in Medicare spending -- and would reduce the federal deficit by $ 142 billion in the first 10 years .
The health care bill would extend insurance to 32 million more Americans .
Some components of the health care bill will take effect right away , including helping older Americans pay for prescription drugs and preventing insurance companies from denying coverage to children based on pre-existing conditions .
Others , such as the individual mandate and more stringent regulations on insurance companies barring them from placing lifetime caps on coverage , or denying adults based on pre-existing conditions , wo n't take effect until 2014 .
ABC News ' Jake Tapper contributed to this report .
The trend of literary authors veering into science fiction shows no sign of slowing down , as science fiction remains the best way to talk about our weird era .
Ian McEwan and Rick Moody both have SF books in the pipeline .
Advertisement
McEwan 's book , Solar , comes out March 18 , and has to do with a new technology that could rescue the environment .
Here 's the blurb , from the two - time Booker Prize winner 's own website :
Michael Beard is in his late fifties ; bald , overweight , unprepossessing – a Nobel prize - winning physicist whose best work is behind him .
Trading on his reputation , he speaks for enormous fees , lends his name to the letterheads of renowned scientific institutions and half - heartedly heads a government - backed initiative tackling global warming .
An inveterate philanderer , Beard finds his fifth marriage floundering .
When Beard 's professional and personal worlds are entwined in a freak accident , an opportunity presents itself , a chance for Beard to extricate himself from his marital mess , reinvigorate his career and very possibly save the world from environmental disaster .
Advertisement
According to the Guardian , McEwan 's main character " discovers a way to fight climate change after managing to derive power from artificial photosynthesis , using light to split water into hydrogen and oxygen . "
And Beard is a bit of a dickhead , having gotten himself into trouble by saying publicly that the scarcity of women at the top of the sciences is due to inherent differences between men's and women 's brains , not sexism .
That 's going to make him a hard protagonist for me to sympathize with , to be honest .
Meanwhile , Moody 's Four Fingers Of Death , due out in July , is a " 900 - page comic novel about a disembodied arm , set in the desert in 2026 , " Moody told Night Train Magazine .
The author of The Ice Storm describes the influences that led to this novel 's odd genesis :
It began in two ways : 1 ) I really love bad , old horror movies , the b- film variety , the drive - in variety , especially from the late fifties and early sixties , which was the period of horror films that I watched a lot as a kid .
I just loved them .
In this novel , I wanted to try to make my own one of these films , so I picked a particularly embarrassing example , THE CRAWLING HAND ( 1963 ) , and began adapting it .
2 ) Meanwhile , I wanted to write a book about the desert , because I have been spending a lot of time in the Sonoran Desert of Arizona in the last ten years .
Or , if not a book ABOUT the desert , at least a book LOCATED in the desert .
Then ( 3 ) if those things were n't enough , I allowed a name from my book to be auctioned off by a first - amendment - related charity in California .
The winner , he who paid the top dollar , got to have his name in my book .
The winner was one Montese Crandall .
Upon having control of this name , which I loved so much , I had to create a context for him in the novel , so he became the narrator and controlling intelligence thereof .
In ways that will become clear when you see it .
Well , there 's another factor , too . ( 4 ) I wanted to write a novel in the style of the novels I first loved when I was a teenager , viz . , Vonnegut / Brautigan / Robbins / Pynchon / Dick / Heinlein .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The delivery of the AMS - 02 ( Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer - 02 ) payload to the Kennedy Space Center ( KSC ) has been heavily delayed due to a changeout of its troublesome cooling system , resulting in a realignment of the shuttle manifest .
Managers have decided that STS - 132 can continue to track for May 14 , with STS - 133 following in September , while STS - 134 moves to mid-November .
STS - 134 Status :
Along with AMS - 02 , Endeavour is manifested with carrying the Express Logistics Carrier 3 ( ELC - 3 ) , Materials on International Space Station Experiment 8 ( MISSE 8 ) , an Orion Rendezvous Detailed Test Objective ( DTO ) kit , and a GLACIER freezer module for one of the Station ’s science laboratories .
Managers will also make use of the shuttle ’s downmass ability – soon to be something of the past – as Endeavour will also return the MISSE 7a and 7b experiments to Earth as well as perform four Department of Defense payloads of opportunity : MAUI , SEITI , RAMBO - 2 , and SIMPLEX .
The 15,300 lbs AMS - 02 unit – which up until about a year ago was without a ride to orbit until the United States Congress mandated its addition to the Shuttle manifest – will be attached to the Starboard 3 Upper Inboard Command Attach System ( CAS ) on the ISS .
According to the baseline presentations on L2 , the AMS - 02 unit is a ‘ particle physics detector ’ which contains a large , cryogenic super - fluid helium superconducting magnet .
The AMS - 02 unit is designed to “ search for antimatter and the origin and structure of dark matter . ”
It was that magnet that became the problem – relating to a vastly reduced lifetime estimation – during testing in Holland , as engineers worked on finding a solution that would allow AMS to enjoy a lifetime that would match the extension of ISS operations until 2020 .
A decision to changeout the hardware for a permanent magnet was noted by the STS - 134 Mission Integration Manager ( MIM ) , along with pre-empting a new launch date would be the outcome .
“ It was announced at the AMS TIM ( Technical Interchange Meeting ) in Noordwijk that AMS is switching to the permanent magnet instead of using the superfluid helium cooled magnet , ” noted the address acquired by L2 .
“ New schedules to support delivery to KSC and well as a new launch date will be forthcoming .
Impacts to follow . ”
Space Shuttle Program ( SSP ) manager John Shannon also pre-empted a slip to STS - 134 ’s launch date , focusing on the need to ensure Endeavour ’s payload would be in a stance to provide the maximum amount of science .
“ The AMS team is getting more clarity .
Because of the extension of ISS , they have more time on the truss to gather data .
They are moving in the direction to swap the cryo magnet with the permanent magnet , ” noted Mr Shannon on the Shuttle Standup / Integration report ( L2 ) at the end of last week .
“ This will make pad operation easier , but will delay the flight a little .
Will meet and next week to find out where the best place is to put them from a science standpoint , and from a support to the ISS standpoint . ”
Shuttle Manifest – post realignment :
Managers for the shuttle and ISS programs met on Friday to outline their respective positions on AMS ’ delivery date , after being updated on the latest schedule estimate provided to ( NASA Associate Administrator for Space Operations )
Bill Gerstenmaier during his visit to the ESTEC ( European Space Research and Technology Centre ) in Holland .
“ With the recent decision by the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer ( AMS ) program to change out its superconducting magnet for a permanent magnet , it ’s clear the STS - 134/ ULF -6/ AMS launch currently targeted at the end of July is no longer viable , ” noted a memo ( L2 ) sent out on Monday .
Based on Friday ’s meeting , a plan was finalized on Monday , which took in several considerations , not least the LON ( Launch On Need ) role that ’s provided to the preceding flight .
“ The Space Shuttle Program and International Space Station Program met with Space Operations Mission Directorate Senior Management to discuss manifest options .
From that discussion on Friday , the following is what we know today ( Monday ) that will influence our manifest planning and decisions for all remaining flights . ”
Given STS - 134 ’s role was to provide a rescue capability for STS - 132 , managers evaluated the potential for STS - 133 to fly next on the schedule , whilst continuing to track its September 16 launch date .
For STS - 133 to take over the LON support for STS - 132 , managers have to be sure the schedule was within a timescale that allowed for CSCS ( Crew Shuttle Contingency Support ) margins for the STS - 132 crew to take up the Safe Haven of the ISS , in the highly unlikely event of critical damage to Atlantis .
Although STS - 133 ca n’t be moved up the schedule – due to the long lead item of converting the recently returned MPLM Leonardo into a PMM that will remain on Station after Discovery ’s mission – managers have decided STS - 132 can remain on track to launch on May 14 , with adequate LON support from STS - 133 .
“ We now will plan to fly STS - 133 / ULF - 5 before STS - 134/ULF-6/AMS , ” added the memo .
“ With STS - 134 moving after STS - 133 , STS - 133 / Discovery now becomes the Launch - On - Need ( LON ) vehicle for the STS - 132 / ULF - 4 mission that is targeted for a May 14 , 2010 launch .
We will hold STS - 133 / ULF - 5 on its current target date of September 16 , 2010 . ”
STS - 134 now slips to mid-November , but this will continue to be evaluated , pending more information on a shipping date for the AMS payload , and the challenges of dodging beta angle cutouts and Dual - Docked Operations ( DDO ) constraints .
STS - 134 Specific Articles : http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/tag/sts-134/
“ AMS program management has stated they will be ready to ship to KSC for payload processing in preparation for STS - 134/ ULF -6/ AMS in late August 2010 .
This delivery date will support a launch of STS - 134 in the mid-November 2010 time - frame , ” added the memo .
“ We need to let AMS work through its magnet change - out activity and see how that progresses before establishing a target launch date for STS - 134 .
Launch dates at the end of CY2010 and early into CY2011 will be challenging due to beta angle cut-outs , ISS vehicle traffic ( Soyuz , ATV , HTV ) , and YERO ( Year End Rollover ) .
“ Bottom line is we will continue to evaluate these constraints and will determine a target launch date for STS - 134 at a later date .
For now , it will be no earlier than November TBD ( To Be Determined ) , 2010 on Endeavour . ”
Meanwhile , talks are still ongoing on adding STS - 135 – converting it from its current STS - 335 LON role , now in support of STS - 134 – to the manifest .
It has been noted that if such an addition is finally approved , the shuttle manifest would stretch yet further , well into 2011 , with STS - 134 slipping to a January - February timeframe , with STS - 135 following sometime between March and June .
A decision to add STS - 135 is currently on the desk of NASA ’s administration in Washington , DC .
Professor Niall Ferguson examines the origins of the pillars of the world ’s financial system , and how behind every great historical phenomenon – empires and republics , wars and revolutions – there lies a financial secret .
Episode 1 : Dreams of Avarice .
From Shylock ’s pound of flesh to the loan sharks of Glasgow , from the ‘ promises to pay ’ on Babylonian clay tablets to the Medici banking system , Professor Ferguson explains the origins of credit and debt and why credit networks are indispensable to any civilization .
Episode 2 : Human Bondage .
How did finance become the realm of the masters of the universe ?
Through the rise of the bond market in Renaissance Italy .
With the advent of bonds , war finance was transformed and spread to north - west Europe and across the Atlantic .
It was the bond market that made the Rothschilds the richest and most powerful family of the 19th century .
And today governments are asking it to bail them out .
Episode 3 : Blowing Bubbles .
Why do stock markets produce bubbles and busts ?
Professor Ferguson goes back to the origins of the joint stock company in Amsterdam and Paris .
He draws telling parallels between the current stock market crash and the 18th - century Mississippi Bubble of Scottish financier John Law and the 2001 Enron bankruptcy .
He shows why humans have a herd instinct when it comes to investment , and why no one can accurately predict when the bulls might stampede .
Episode 4 : Risky Business .
Life is a risky business – which is why people take out insurance .
But faced with an unexpected disaster , the state has to step in .
Professor Ferguson travels to post - Katrina New Orleans to ask why the free market can’t provide adequate protection against catastrophe .
His quest for an answer takes him to the origins of modern insurance in the early 19th century and to the birth of the welfare state in post - war Japan .
Episode 5 : Safe As Houses .
It sounded so simple : give state - owned assets to the people .
After all , what better foundation for a property - owning democracy than a campaign of privatisation encompassing housing ?
An economic theory says that markets can’t function without mortgages , because it ’s only by borrowing against their assets that entrepreneurs can get their businesses off the ground .
But what if mortgages are bundled together and sold off to the highest bidder ?
Episode 6 : Chimerica .
Since the 1990s , once risky markets in Asia , Latin America and eastern Europe have become better investments than the UK or US stock market .
The explanation is the rise of ‘ Chimerica ’ , the economic marriage of China and the United States .
But does it make sense for poor Chinese savers to lend to rich American spenders ?
Facebook is a free website for world - wide social networking .
It ’s the second most popular website on the internet with more than 100 million users .
If you have a business or product that you want to promote to the public , Facebook serves as the perfect , no cost outlet for advertising .
You can fill your profile page with information about your business opportunity and allow your friends to discover the benefits of your services for themselves .
It ’s Free Advertisement
In addition to your profile page , you can advertise your opportunity via your Facebook wall , groups , fan pages , notes and videos .
Although , friend requests , Facebook messages , chats and your friends ’ walls are other outlets that can be used for promotion , these methods can destroy your credibility as a professional marketer .
As an effective marketer , you should avoid unsuccessful and annoying promotional strategies that invade the personal space of your prospect .
Present yourself as a real person rather than a salesperson who is only interested in pitching their business opportunity .
You Can Easily Reach Your Target Audience
Although Facebook is a free network , they have established a pay - per - click advertising system .
Facebook advertising allows you to target your prospects according to sex , age , location , language and personal interests .
Finding your target audience is ideal because these are the people who need what you have to offer .
Yes , you will pay a price for attracting your prospects , but this Facebook feature allows you to narrow down your search to such a specific group of people that you should compare this investment to buying bait for fishing .
It Allows You to Build and Maintain Relationships
Realistically , everyone who adds you as a Facebook friend will not endorse your business opportunity .
However , this does n’t mean that it ’s time to remove them from your friends list .
Take time to develop a genuine relationship with your potential prospects .
If you establish a friendship , they will be more inclined to trust you and value your opinion .
Although they may not be interested in what you have to offer right now , they might change their mind in the future ; and when that happens , they know exactly where to find you .
Share this :
Tweet
WhatsApp
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Ever hit the highway and notice that people drive differently ?
Some states haul more ass than others .
Here 's DriverSide.com 's list of the ten speediest states based on tickets issued per capita .
— Ed .
Advertisement
Some states dole out more tickets per capita than others , and DriverSide has worked up a list of the top 10 speediest states according to traffic citations .
Of course , a lot goes into these statistics besides how fast residents are driving , including the number of law enforcement officers on the road and the population of each individual state .
Do drivers up north really cruise at higher speeds than their southern counterparts ?
Take a look at our list of speediest states to find out for yourself .
Photo Credit : SVLumagraphica / Shutterstock
Advertisement
10 . Massachusetts
Population : 6.4 million
Massachusetts 's 6,416,505 residents kept law enforcement busy with 337,103 tickets last year .
Hey , they have to pay for that great education and health care system somehow .
Why not with speedy dollars ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
9. Delaware
Population : 830,364
The tiny state of Delaware can hold its own in the title fight for quick drivers .
The first state to ratify the United States Constitution is also the ninth speediest state in the country .
With a population of just 830,364 , Delaware hit 44,551 tickets last year .
That 's 5.4 percent of the population .
Advertisement
8. South Carolina
Population : 4.19 million
Continuing along the East Coast , South Carolina also has its own share of speedy drivers .
The state may be famous for its sandy beaches and a laid - back attitude , but its 4,198,068 citizens racked up 228,363 tickets in 2009 .
Of course , some of those may be attributed to out - of - state visitors headed to the coast in a hurry .
Riiiight .
Advertisement
7. New Mexico
Population : 1.9 million
Holding down the Southwest , New Mexico lays claim to the seventh spot on our list .
With the area 's gorgeous scenery and rich history , it 's hard to see why anyone would want to fly through it .
( How about the vast expanses of open road and unpopulated space ?
— Ed. )
That has n't stopped the state 's 1,903,289 residents from racking up 117,303 speeding violations –- an impressive number considering the 75 - mph speed limit on most New Mexico interstates .
Advertisement
6. Maryland
Population : 5.5 million
You can add speeding alongside football and crab cakes to the list of things that Maryland does well .
The state 's 5,558,058 citizens carry a ticket load of 349,921 , or about 6.3 percent of the population .
That figure is roughly five times the number of people who can fit in the Baltimore Ravens ' home stadium .
Advertisement
5. Mississippi
Population : 2.9 million
Proving there 's nothing slow about the South , Mississippi takes the number five slot .
The state is home to over 2,902,966 residents , and there are 197,434 tickets on record for 2009 .
At 6.8 percent of the population , that 's a big figure for a state known more for taking it easy on the front porch than hauling down the interstate .
Advertisement
4. North Dakota
Population : 634,366
Things must have really picked up since the high plains drifter made his way through these parts .
North Dakota boasts a population of around 634,366 , and the state 's law enforcement was happy to hand out 45,510 tickets in '09 .
That number represents 7.2 percent of the state 's population , or just shy of the total number of people in Bismarck .
Advertisement
3. Vermont
Population : 631,394
Next up is Vermont .
Despite only having 631,394 residents to watch over , Vermont police have doled out 52,269 traffic violations .
That makes up 8.4 percent of the population .
You know what they say — once Vermont drivers get that syrup in them , they get all antsy .
Advertisement
2. Wyoming
Population : 506,529
Commuters looking to get to their home where the buffalo roam have nabbed a serious number of infractions .
At only 506,529 people , there are 46,366 citations on the book right now , or around 9.2 percent of Wyoming 's population .
What 's the rush ?
Advertisement
1. Washington , D.C .
Population : 553,523
It 's not really a state per se , but the District of Columbia takes the crown as the location with the most citations per capita .
The capital of our nation boasts an astounding 553,523 residents with 434,301 tickets .
That means a full 78.5 percent of the population has at least one traffic violation to their name !
So much for law - abiding citizens in the land of law and order .
Advertisement
Go here for more stories from DriverSide.com .
Fabio Capello has ruled out reappointing John Terry as England captain and Steven Gerrard will be skipper against Egypt .
Liverpool leader Gerrard to captain Three Lions against Egypt
Spirit and focus
Mental state
Fabio Capello has ruled out the possibility of reappointing John Terry as England captain and Steven Gerrard will skipper the side against Egypt on Wednesday .
Chelsea star Terry was stripped of the armband in the wake of newspaper allegations about his private life and a reported affair with an ex-girlfriend of Wayne Bridge .
Capello decided to change his on - field leader and promoted Rio Ferdinand from his role as vice - captain ahead of this summer 's World Cup finals in South Africa .
Ferdinand , though , has suffered an injury setback and will not play against Egypt at Wembley amid long - term concerns over the Manchester United defender 's fitness .
Those worries have led to suggestions that Terry could regain the captaincy at some point in the future , but Capello says that will not happen while he is boss and Liverpool 's Gerrard will act as understudy to Ferdinand .
When asked if Terry could return as skipper , the England manager told a press conference shown live onon Tuesday : " I think , no .
Next captain will be Rio and for tomorrow the captain will be Steven Gerrard .
" Capello has also been encouraged by the response of his players following the torrent of headlines regarding Terry and Bridge , who has made himself unavailable for England , and Ashley Cole .
The Italian said : " I spoke with the players and said they have to recreate the spirit of the team and train with focus .
" I 'm really happy because I saw the same thing as in November ( in the friendly against Brazil in Doha ) . "
There are fears of a fans ' backlash against Terry at Wembley , but Capello has joined striker Wayne Rooney in urging spectators not to give the 29 - year - old a rough time .
" I think the fans have to support every moment , " he said .
" You have to understand that privately some players were not so good , but on the pitch it is different .
" We wear the England shirt and it is really important they help us every moment .
I hope that tomorrow the crowd help us and do not boo him .
" On Terry 's mental state ahead of the game , Capello added : " He is training very well .
He will be the same player in the dressing room .
I told him you have to do the same things as a captain . "
Capello also defended Terry 's performances against Inter Milan last week and against Manchester City on Saturday .
He said : " I saw the two games he played in Milan and at home to Manchester City .
He played his normal game , but always , when the player 's team loses , the journalists try to find something about the most important player .
I think he played very well in the two games . "
Meanwhile , Capello is expecting a difficult match against African Cup of Nations champions Egypt .
" We hope to play very well and we invite the fans to help us , " he said .
" It 's not easy to win the African Nations Cup three times if you are not a good team .
I watched Egypt 's games and it is a really , really good team .
They are dangerous , they are really well organised on the pitch who know what to do in every moment .
" I think it will be a really interesting test for us . "
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Liberal legislators are among those who cheered the loudest for the passage of the Democratic health care bill on Sunday — but they ’re not done yet .
Lynn Woolsey , co-chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus , said after the vote that she would soon advance a separate bill for a strong public option .
“ I ’ll introduce a robust public option the day that the President signs this legislation into law , ” Woolsey said as she left the House floor on Sunday evening .
“ We have more work to do , and we will do it . ”
Woolsey said that the other members of the progressive caucus would support the bill to create a government - run health insurance plan , but added they had n’t signed onto the proposal yet .
She noted that other members of the caucus would be working on separate items “ immediately . ”
Though she did n’t give details , such proposals are likely to include a repeal of the anti-trust exemption for insurance companies and other measures that had been dropped in order to woo moderate and conservative Democrats .
Obama may sign the health care legislation as earlier as Monday or Tuesday this week , before the reconciliation fixes to the bill go to the Senate for a vote .
If the public option is put on the table again before the Senate votes , according to Woolsey ’s plan , the politics could become tricky .
At that point , Democrats will still be making a huge push to celebrate the main bill and convince the public of its merits .
And it ’s uncertain how reviving the public option once more will play out as Democrats try to unite themselves behind the bill and Republicans scramble to sharpen their opposition to it .
While the public option has been the main rallying cry for progressives critical of the concessions made to moderates and industry groups , reform ’s supporters have spent an enormous amount of energy and political capital to pass the comprehensive bill .
Will liberals gear up for the next fight so soon after the big battle has been won ?
Well , there are actually a few reasons ...
1 . Its my way of saying thank you for being a dedicated subscriber .
2. Because ( unlike other " guru's " ) I do n't make all of my money teaching others how to make money ( I actually run real businesses online selling supplements , physical products software , and more ) ... so because of that , it does n't hurt me to share with you my best stuff .
3 . I get another one of my products in your hands , and when you see how awesome it is , it should get you excited to buy other stuff from me in the future .
4 . I 'm kinda a show off ...
I 'm not going to lie .
I 'm sick of people throwing out conversion numbers and their stats without any real proof to back it up .
I think 99 % of what is said online is complete BS ... so I thought it would be a breath of fresh air to publish the TRUE , show the actual stats and #'s behind what we do , and well ... honestly , I just want you to think I 'm cool . :)
So the important question is , will GM be among the problem children who actually dumps its pension obligations on the taxpayer ?
As luck would have it , GM 's numbers are just out , and . . . um . . . they 're losing a lot less money than they used to !!!
Only $ 4.3 billion since they emerged from bankruptcy .
And the CEO says they might even make a profit in the near future , maybe .
To be fair , that includes whopping dose of one - time charge .
On the other hand , there 's a lot of grim news lurking deeper in the reports , according to The Truth About Cars :
Of course , you have to dig into the numbers to find the bad news , like the $ 56.4 b in " cost of sales , " or the $ 700 m interest cost , or the 48 percent North American capacity utilization in 2009 , or the 16.3 percent US car market share .
Make no mistake , these companies are still on life support .
The CBO expects that the lion 's share of the government 's losses on TARP will come , not from anything the Bush administration did , but from the Obama administration 's decision to bail out the automakers and to a lesser extent , its bailout of homeowners .
It seems that a big chunk of our cost may come from picking up the gold plated pensions . . . " Cadillac Plans " , if you will . . . of the automakers .
And lest you think I 'm picking on unions over management , it was management that used the UAW as a prop to extract these gargantuan sums from the pockets of innocent taxpayers .
I feel like we ought to get a little something back , here .
At the very least , they could offer everyone in America that OnStar service that sounds so great in the commercials .
( NAV Image Credit : GM Mike Licht , NotionsCapital.com / flickr )
In a letter to the editor published in the Charleston Daily Mail , Robert Byrd dismantles the conservative attack on using the reconciliation process to enact tweaks to the health care legislation already passed by the Senate and House :
It has been said that a little knowledge can be a dangerous thing .
In the Daily Mail 's March 2 editorial regarding health care reform legislation , " Using reconciliation would hurt Democrats : Choking off debate is no way to muscle through health legislation , " the newspaper 's misunderstanding of congressional procedures misinforms readers who , in rapidly increasing numbers , find themselves unable to obtain or afford medical insurance .
The editorial correctly quoted me as saying in the spring of 2009 that using reconciliation to enact a huge health care package would " violate the intent and spirit of the budget process . . . " .
I believed then , as now , that the Senate should debate the health reform bill under regular rules , which it did .
The result of that debate was the passing of a comprehensive health care reform bill in the Senate by a 60 - vote supermajority .
I continue to support the budget reconciliation process for deficit reduction .
The entire Senate - or House - passed health care bill could not and would not pass muster under the current reconciliation rules , which were established under my watch .
Yet a bill structured to reduce deficits by , for example , finding savings in Medicare or lowering health care costs , may be consistent with the Budget Act , and appropriately considered under reconciliation .
With all due respect , the Daily Mail 's hyperbole about " imposing government control , " acts of " disrespect to the American people " and " corruption " of Senate procedures resembles more the barkings from the nether regions of Glennbeckistan than the " sober and second thought " of one of West Virginia 's oldest and most respected daily newspapers .
My commitment to protecting the best interests of all West Virginians and the American people remains as firm and consistent as my devotion to observing the necessary and essential Senate rules and procedures intended to guarantee debate and the airing of diverse views .
Robert C. Byrd
Washington , D.C .
They ’re Not Brainwashed , They ’re Just Miserable
This month , North Korea reportedly executed the Korean Workers ’ Party ’s economic policy director , Pak Nam Gi , for being a " bourgeois infiltrator " who ruined the country ’s economy .
Upon his 2005 appointment to the position , a post akin to a finance minister , Pak had allegedly vowed to put an end to the " capitalist fantasy . "
But the 77 - year - old technocrat ’s disastrous currency - reform program , launched Nov. 30 , 2009 , ended up damaging something very real : the informal market economy that today provides for most North Koreans ’ sustenance .
The " reform " chopped two zeros off the currency , gave citizens only a brief window to exchange their wealth , and capped the amount of old bills that North Koreans could trade in at roughly $ 40 .
So complete was the resulting economic chaos that it precipitated an unprecedented outpouring of civil disobedience .
And though the sporadic protests appear to have been relatively small and uncoordinated , the reported prominence of octogenarian war veterans among the protesters was enough to unnerve the government .
The fiasco was obviously self - inflicted and visibly inconsistent with the regime ’s tendency to attribute all ills that befall the country to foreign " hostile forces . "
Pyongyang bumped up the limit for currency exchanges and in February made a historically unparalleled apology to the public delivered by Pak and Premier Kim Yong Il .
And because leader Kim Jong
Il ’s favorite son and rumored successor , Kim Jong Un , was associated with the policy , someone had to pay .
Pak was the scapegoat .
From the outside , the apology looks like a watershed moment for one of the world ’s most repressive regimes .
Yet understanding how North Koreans actually assess these events is enormously difficult .
In highly repressive states like North Korea , people engage in what social scientists call " preference falsification , " or , more colloquially , " keeping your head down " — suppressing the outward expression of their true feelings in favor of maintaining a facade of support .
But two recent large - scale surveys of North Korean refugees conducted in China and South Korea suggest that privately held assessments of the regime are indeed highly negative .
The surveys , of which I am a co-author , paint a picture of an atomized society where trust is scant and collective action negligible .
With the refugees having voted with their feet , it would of course be surprising if they did not hold the regime in low regard .
But when we controlled for observable characteristics such as age , gender , occupation , and even life experiences such as receipt of food aid or arrest and detention , the refugees ’ views do not appear too different from our best statistical projection of those of the remaining resident population .
In short , the surveys offer a unique glimpse into the Hermit Kingdom .
The roots of discontent with the economic situation date back to the 1990s , when a famine killed between 600,000 and 1 million people — about 3 to 5 percent of the population .
The once centrally planned North Korean economy marketized when the country ’s payment and food distribution system collapsed , but the regime was never comfortable with the resulting loss of control .
Suddenly , new paths to wealth , status , and potential political influence opened as merchants of food , household items , radios , and even services such as bicycle repair began to appear .
Perhaps out of fear , envy , or ideological antipathy , the regime has periodically tried to stamp out the market — hence November ’s reckless currency reform .
The surveys ’ results suggest that the regime ’s discomfort might be well founded .
Countries such as North Korea , where people routinely hide their true opinions , are prone to sudden , explosive political mobilizations like the ones that swept Eastern and Central Europe in the late 1980s .
Those mobilizations happen when nascent expressions of discontent cascade — each person who sticks their head above the parapet encourages another to do the same .
And in North Korea , the market appears to be just such a semiautonomous zone of social communication ( and potentially political organizing ) beyond the state ’s reach .
Meanwhile , the state monopoly over information that once kept North Koreans in the dark about the true nature of their situation is fast crumbling , a victim to economic integration with China , improved telecommunications , and the erosion of control conferred by the socialist economic system .
The survey responses depict a society that is increasingly bold about consuming foreign news at the same time that it becomes increasingly available .
In response to the threat of dissent , the regime has tightened its grip , for example by criminalizing economic activity not directly sanctioned by the central authorities .
Significant numbers of North Koreans are detained in low - level penal facilities where abuse is ubiquitous .
The vast majority receive no trials or formal legal proceedings before incarceration .
The penal system is increasingly used as an instrument not only for intimidating traders and entrepreneurs but also for extortion , as officials extract bribes from market participants understandably eager to avoid being imprisoned .
Employment in the establishment institutions of the party and state is increasingly sought — not out of patriotism but because such positions provide a platform for economic predation on the general public .
These practices , however , might be backfiring if the goal is to keep the country ’s population quiet .
The state ’s actions are widely regarded as unjust and appear to be contributing to the politicization of the country ’s people .
Consumption of foreign news , participation in the market economy , and contact with the police ( especially the political police ) are associated with holding dissenting views — and the tendency , however muted , to communicate them to one ’s peers .
The currency reform disaster adds an exclamation point to trends that were already well under way .
That said , it is a large leap from privately held views to effective collective action .
And without any civil society institutions to speak of , North Koreans might be incapable of channeling mass discontent into effective political action .
There are no trade unions such as Solidarity in Poland , no churches to play the role that the Roman Catholic Church did in the " people power " revolution in the Philippines , and no forum of intellectuals such as the Civic Forum in Czechoslovakia .
So what are the lessons for North Korea ’s current rulers and their authoritarian counterparts elsewhere ?
Pervasive repression , ruthlessly applied , appears to work — at least up to a point .
However , viewed through the prism of veteran analyst Edward Luttwak ’s infamous formulation that dictators should set the marginal cost of repression equal to the marginal rent extracted from the population , it appears that the North Korean leadership has been overdoing it on repression for more than two generations .
Having thoroughly degraded the society , the leadership is now devouring its own .
Owl loved up : Feathered Romeo woos his Juliet
Meet the real lovebirds :
The two great grey owls who were so smitten with one another they did not even notice the photographer nearby .
This feathered Romeo did not need to pull out all the stops to woo his Juliet , as the pair tenderly touched heads and even appeared to ' kiss ' .
Courtship between this species of owl usually sees the male typically approaching the female holding food in its beak , which is passed with both birds closing their eyes .
Nice to meet you :
The male owl makes his first advance
She 's in to you :
He quickly simmers down as he realises the female is already interested
But this great grey owl obviously did n't need the lure of food to get his lady in a flap .
Things started hotting up when the birds nestled closely together in the snow .
After some nuzzling the male seemed to have sealed the deal when both birds started batting their wings at each other .
Photographer Christopher Dodds caught the touching display of affection after waiting hours crouched in the snow near Bracebridge , Ontario .
Love at first sight :
The owls touch heads and appear to kiss
Cuddles :
The pair snuggle together in the snow
He explains : ' I have shot many birds in different environments but this is one of my favourite moments .
' The two birds seemed very affectionate and were quite happy to be nuzzled up in the cold snow .
' They obviously enjoyed touching heads and at one point even appeared to look deep into each other 's eyes . '
Is the current economic crisis creating a generation of American deadbeats ?
Once upon a time in America , we were taught that no matter how much financial trouble we get in we pay our debts – no matter what .
But now that has fundamentally changed .
Today , record numbers of Americans are filing for bankruptcy and a new term had to be invented ( “ strategic defaults ” ) to describe the large number of people who are making “ business decisions ” to walk away from underwater mortgages .
Meanwhile , many of these same individuals who are walking away from their debts are spending big money on cruises , vacations and new cars – as if they were still entitled to all of the good things that come with living the American Dream .
Below you will read some incredibly disgusting examples of this .
It is as if a whole generation of Americans has decided that “ financial responsibility ” is a problem that they do n’t care to be bothered with .
But what is it going to do to the U.S. financial system if we can no longer count on people to honor their debts ?
What we have got is a big mess on our hands .
Most Americans were never taught how to responsibly handle their finances .
Decades of easy credit cards and easy mortgages is starting to catch up with us .
We created the biggest credit bubble in the history of the world , and now that things are coming apart we do n’t know quite what to do .
The reality is that the American people know that the U.S. economy is in really bad shape and that things are not going to get significantly better any time soon .
According to a recently released AP poll , just 25 percent of Americans believe that the economy is getting better .
The same poll found that 76 percent of Americans rate the economy as “ poor ” , compared to just 21 percent who said that the economy is “ good ” overall .
But it does n’t take a genius to figure out that the economy is a mess .
For example , in Clark County , Nevada ( home to Las Vegas ) the unemployment rate has increased from 10.1 percent to 13.9 percent in just the past year .
In California ’s Central Valley , 1 out of every 16 homes is in some phase of foreclosure .
An increasing number of Americans are responding to this economic mess by running off to bankruptcy court .
Federal courts reported over 158,000 bankruptcy filings in March , which represented a 35 percent rise from February .
In fact , more Americans filed for bankruptcy protection in March than during any month since the federal personal bankruptcy law was tightened back in October 2005 .
Foreclosures also continue to explode .
According to RealtyTrac , foreclosure filings were reported on 367,056 properties in March .
This represented an increase of nearly 19 percent from February , and it was also the highest monthly total since RealtyTrac began issuing its report in January 2005 .
But foreclosures are soaring not just because people can’t pay their mortgages .
One of the biggest reasons why the number of foreclosures is flying into the stratosphere is the huge number of Americans that are opting for “ strategic defaults ” .
Many Americans are simply deciding that it is just not worth it to pay a $ 500,000 mortgage on a home that is only worth $ 300,000 .
“ People who have prime jumbo loans , people with good jobs , with assets and nice cars are talking a hard look at this investment and making a decision , a conscious decision , to strategically default on their loans . ”
Bankruptcy attorney Chip Parker told CBS News from his Jacksonville , Florida office .
“ These are professionals making business decisions about their homes .
Subprime is over — these are Alt - a and option arms loans …. people with 700 and above credit scores .
They are treating their homes like a business deal . ”
But should n’t these people honor their financial commitments ?
Well , yes .
But what is even sadder is that many of these Americans who are walking away from their debts are turning right around and are spending big money on cruises , vacations and new cars .
Just check out the following anecdotes from The Market Oracle website ….
* My 25 year old niece had $ 10,000 of outstanding credit card debt .
Recently , she told the bank she could n’t pay .
She is not unemployed so the ‘ hardship ’ is all relative .
Nevertheless , the bank offered her a concession which she refused .
They offered another concession , she refused again .
Finally , they told her if she paid $ 150 / month for 2 years ( total of only $ 3600 with no interest ) , they would call it paid in full !
She accepted in a heartbeat .
It is less than a month later , and she celebrated her good fortune by going on a cruise to Hawaii .
* A friend owns a small manufacturing co .
He tells me of one of his female employees who was saddled with a $ 450,000 home she purchased almost five years ago with no down pmt .
One year after her purchase she pulled $ 75,000 home equity and purchased ‘ fun stuff ’ including a boat .
She recently walked away from the house ( now saddled with $ 525 K mortgage ) , purchased a new house for $ 200,000 ( in her sister ’s name ) and kept all the goodies purchased from the home equity withdrawal .
With the much lower mortgage payment she just bought a new car .
* My sister is a nurse with 25 + years on the job .
She told me of a young couple that she is good friends with that both work at her hospital making a decent joint income .
They did n’t like the fact that they grossly overpaid for their 3000 sq ft home in 2006 .
They stopped making hefty monthly payments six months ago and have n’t yet been contacted by the bank .
They have decided to wait until contacted and then walk away .
In the meantime , they just returned from NYC from a week vacation in the Big Apple .
* My brother - in - law wanted to know if he should stop making payments on everything .
He lives in Virginia and his carpentry skills are not as marketable as they were in the height of the boom .
He and his wife ’s best friend have lived close - by for many years .
For the past 13 months since they strategically decided to stop paying their mortgage , they had yet to be contacted by their bank .
Not even one letter !
My brother - in - law does n’t understand how they get to pocket the mortgage and spend carefree , including a 10 - day Caribbean vacation .
Do the above stories bother you ?
They should .
If Americans are going to file for bankruptcy or walk away from their mortgages they should at least start showing some signs that they have learned something .
They should at least start tightening their belts and begin acting like responsible members of society .
But this is 2010 .
Today most Americans feel like they are entitled to live the American Dream .
Most Americans feel like we all owe them something .
The end result of this is going to be the breakdown of the system of credit in this nation as we get to the point where we can’t really count on anyone to fulfill their financial obligations .
And once that happens we will have one gigantic mess on our hands .
It ’s a positive sign to see that many states are making changes to the law but how did this ever happen in the first place ?
Everyone knows about how quickly a health situation can destroy the life savings of Americans so why should credit checks have anything to do with applying for a job ?
Perhaps there are some specific exceptions but as a general rule , it ’s nonsense .
Wisconsin state Rep. Kim Hixson drafted a bill in his state shortly after hearing from Terry Becker , an auto mechanic who struggled to find work .
Becker said it all started with medical bills that piled up when his now 10 - year - old son began having seizures as a toddler .
In the first year alone , Becker ran up $ 25,000 in medical debt .
Over 4 1/2 months , he was turned down for at least eight positions for which he had authorized the employer to conduct a credit check , Becker said .
He said one potential employer told him , “ If your credit is bad , then you ’ll steal from me . ”
“ I was in a deep depression .
I had lost a business , I was behind on my bills and I was unable to get a job , ” he said .
baineschile
2600 ways to live
Premium Member
join:2008-05-10
Sterling Heights , MI 1 recommendation baineschile Premium Member One Step Backwards Wrong direction ISPs .
The only way they should justify policing the internet is if they have a monetary stake in the entertainment company .
Other than that , this will lead to frivlous lawsuits that last years and cost the taxpayer money .
The solution is for the entertainment industry to adapt ; and distribute material easily , and through a cheaper mean .
jus10
join:2009-08-04
Gainesville , VA jus10 Member Re : One Step Backwards said by baineschile :
Wrong direction ISPs .
The only way they should justify policing the internet is if they have a monetary stake in the entertainment company .
Wrong direction ISPs .
The only way they should justify policing the internet is if they have a monetary stake in the entertainment company .
I think the only logical solutions going forward are end to end IPsec of all traffic going across the internet .
I 'm no pirate , but I do use torrents now and again when I need the latest Linux ISO .
An ISP has no business looking at the contents of my packets .
Which Comcast now does as they spent however much money to buy one of the poorest excuses for an " entertainment " company in the modern era .
I think the only logical solutions going forward are end to end IPsec of all traffic going across the internet .
I 'm no pirate , but I do use torrents now and again when I need the latest Linux ISO .
An ISP has no business looking at the contents of my packets .
RARPSL
join:1999 -12-08
Suffern , NY RARPSL Member Re : One Step Backwards said by jus10 :
said by baineschile :
Wrong direction ISPs .
The only way they should justify policing the internet is if they have a monetary stake in the entertainment company .
Wrong direction ISPs .
The only way they should justify policing the internet is if they have a monetary stake in the entertainment company .
I think the only logical solutions going forward are end to end IPsec of all traffic going across the internet .
Which Comcast now does as they spent however much money to buy one of the poorest excuses for an " entertainment " company in the modern era .
I think the only logical solutions going forward are end to end IPsec of all traffic going across the internet .
This method , as described , does not monitor your traffic but only monitors a session that it establishes with you to verify what you are doing .
IOW : It does not look at your in - flight traffic but creates its own traffic to you to show what occurred during THAT session .
This is the equivalent of the difference between tapping your phone line to listen in on your conversations and placing a call to your phone and recording that specific conversion [ of which you are one of the two parties ] .
rapidrick
join:1999-10 - 28
Bear , DE rapidrick Member Re : One Step Backwards
So , they are rattling the door of your house then , or just shinning s flashlight in to see if your a criminal ?
Just curious , if the RIAA , or the MPAA wants to check my home , can they just walk through and look ?
So , they will scan everyone 's computer , looking for theft ?
Curious , the data they send , and the data I send back from my Comcast connection , do I pay for it ?
Does it count against my 250 Gig limit ?
AstroBoy
join:2008-08-08
Parkville , MD AstroBoy Member Re : One Step Backwards said by rapidrick :
So , they are rattling the door of your house then , or just shinning s flashlight in to see if your a criminal ?
Just curious , if the RIAA , or the MPAA wants to check my home , can they just walk through and look ?
So , they will scan everyone 's computer , looking for theft ?
Curious , the data they send , and the data I send back from my Comcast connection , do I pay for it ?
Does it count against my 250 Gig limit ?
So , they are rattling the door of your house then , or just shinning s flashlight in to see if your a criminal ?
Just curious , if the RIAA , or the MPAA wants to check my home , can they just walk through and look ?
So , they will scan everyone 's computer , looking for theft ?
Curious , the data they send , and the data I send back from my Comcast connection , do I pay for it ?
Does it count against my 250 Gig limit ?
The can't walk into your house , yet .
AstroBoy AstroBoy to jus10
Member to jus10
said by jus10 :
said by baineschile :
Wrong direction ISPs .
The only way they should justify policing the internet is if they have a monetary stake in the entertainment company .
Wrong direction ISPs .
The only way they should justify policing the internet is if they have a monetary stake in the entertainment company .
I think the only logical solutions going forward are end to end IPsec of all traffic going across the internet .
I 'm no pirate , but I do use torrents now and again when I need the latest Linux ISO .
An ISP has no business looking at the contents of my packets .
Which Comcast now does as they spent however much money to buy one of the poorest excuses for an " entertainment " company in the modern era .
I think the only logical solutions going forward are end to end IPsec of all traffic going across the internet .
I 'm no pirate , but I do use torrents now and again when I need the latest Linux ISO .
An ISP has no business looking at the contents of my packets .
IPsec wo n't help .
They will be a peer on the network and also use IPsec .
You wo n't know it is them connecting .
Chasmn
@comcast.net Chasmn to baineschile
Anon to baineschile
Step backwords for a company who now produces content and shows it to now try and protect it !
Yes as a consumer it stinks to pay for it but if you dont want to pay ... than dont watch it .
The answer shouldnt be to go against the law but instead to correct the process .
fifty nine
join:2002-09-25
Sussex , NJ 1 recommendation fifty nine to baineschile
Member to baineschile
said by baineschile :
Wrong direction ISPs .
The only way they should justify policing the internet is if they have a monetary stake in the entertainment company .
Wrong direction ISPs .
The only way they should justify policing the internet is if they have a monetary stake in the entertainment company .
Comcast and Time Warner ?
Nahhhh they have no relation to any entertainment companies .
Hmm. Comcast and Time Warner ?
Nahhhh they have no relation to any entertainment companies .
clickwir
join:2001-06-21
Dickson City , PA clickwir to baineschile
Member to baineschile
IMO , They should never try to justify policing the internet .
Just give me a connection .
Nothing more .
I do n't want people watching what I do .
Acuity
join:2002-06-22
Londonderry , NH Acuity Member I 've had my fair share .
I 've had several false positives for both movies and software from Comcast .
Before you ask , WPA2 is enabled on my router with a not so easy password .
All of my neighbors are old , and I live in the boonies .
The disappointing thing is that I get notices for chick flicks .
If I 'm going to get blamed for something , it should be a little more manly .
JFC .
Selenia
Gentoo Convert
Premium Member
join:2006-09 -22
Fort Smith , AR Selenia Premium Member Re : I 've had my fair share .
Not so easy to you may be easy for a cracking program , whose dictionaries are always growing .
To be sure , you might check your DHCP leases page for any foreign Mac addresses .
I actually never got a warning and used to do very heavy filesharing , but had quit a few years ago .
As an active participant in the open source movement , I just no longer see a need .
It used to be so that I knew what was actually good and was n't wasting so much money on crap , however , that is a non-issue with free software .
It 's also a non-issue with many of the great music artists that make their music available ( at least for listening ) online for free .
As to movies , they rot your brain .
I 'd rather be gaming .
I watch very little TV , but free online streaming sites mostly satisfy that need .
I have basic cable for when the family is over .
FFH5
Premium Member
join:2002-03-03
Tavistock NJ 1 edit FFH5 Premium Member Getting ready for laws making them content cops ?
This may just be these companies getting the tools in place in case the Congress OK 's ACTA and makes them be content cops .
Developing the tools and testing them may take some time .
I am sure they want to be ready if Congress forces their hand .
Also , if they successfully develop these tools they could then sell it as a service to smaller ISPs , Universities , libraries , etc who do n't have the money to develop them on their own and may be forced to play content cop by new laws .
ArrayList
DevOps
Premium Member
join:2005-03-19
Mullica Hill , NJ ·Comcast XFINITY
ArrayList Premium Member Re : Getting ready for laws making them content cops ?
the fact they are doing this when they are not required to forces my hand into not being a customer .
I will settle for > 6 mbps dsl when I really really want 10 + mbps cable .
and if AT&T even thinks about doing this I will suffer at the hand of my cellular carrier 's 3g network ( ~ 1mbps ) .
goddamn I feel like internet freedom was so 1990 's. wtf happened ?
FFH5
Premium Member
join:2002-03-03
Tavistock NJ FFH5 Premium Member Re : Getting ready for laws making them content cops ? said by ArrayList :
goddamn I feel like internet freedom was so 1990 's. wtf happened ?
goddamn I feel like internet freedom was so 1990 's. wtf happened ?
Malware ; botnets ; organized crime ; foreign government spying ; cyberwarfare ; massive databases by advertisers ; etc .
The internet has grown up - it is no longer academics and research .
It is now " just business " with all the pluses and minuses that implies .
ArrayList
DevOps
Premium Member
join:2005-03-19
Mullica Hill , NJ ArrayList Premium Member Re : Getting ready for laws making them content cops ?
i love how bittorrent was nowhere in there .
make sense as bittorrent is not a problem .
chasmn
@comcast.net chasmn to ArrayList
Anon to ArrayList
Internet freedom ...
What about a business model .
If company xyz spends money on making a program why would it be fair for everyone to get it for free .
Everyone wants ad free content for free ...
HMMMM DOESNT SOUND LIKE THAT WOULD WORK DOES IT
ArrayList
DevOps
Premium Member
join:2005-03-19
Mullica Hill , NJ ArrayList Premium Member Re : Getting ready for laws making them content cops ?
i pay for my internet .
i do n't steal it .
no reason for them to snoop on me .
33358088 ( banned )
join:2008-09-23 33358088 ( banned ) Member Re : Getting ready for laws making them content cops ? said by ArrayList :
i pay for my internet .
i do n't steal it .
no reason for them to snoop on me .
i pay for my internet .
i do n't steal it .
no reason for them to snoop on me .
YEA gonna be fun isnt it .... haha so they next invent the voltage RSA cracker and hten walk to your home put it on and hten watch all tha encrypted RSA torrent traffic .
YEA gonna be fun isnt it ....
anony
@charter.com anony Anon Re : Getting ready for laws making them content cops ?
Actually the voltage method took 104 hours with a cluster of 81 Pentium 4s to crack 1024 bit RSA and a tweaked power supply in the server .
chasmn
@comcast.net chasmn to ArrayList
Anon to ArrayList
You buy a plane ticket and they still snoop on you !!!
ArrayList
DevOps
Premium Member
join:2005-03-19
Mullica Hill , NJ ArrayList Premium Member Re : Getting ready for laws making them content cops ?
thats not right either .
ArrayList ArrayList Premium Member DO NOT WANT
image is relevant .
image is relevant .
PapaMidnight
join:2009-01-13
Baltimore , MD PapaMidnight Member Re : DO NOT WANT said by ArrayList :
image is relevant .
image is relevant .
It could also work cheaply -- the researchers claim they could monitor the entire userbase of The Pirate Bay for just $ 12.40 a month .
A little more on how they can reduce false positives :
Funny that TPB shut down their tracker over 4 months ago .
Well .... Funny that TPB shut down their tracker over 4 months ago .
33358088 ( banned )
join:2008-09-23 33358088 ( banned ) Member Re : DO NOT WANT said by PapaMidnight :
said by ArrayList :
image is relevant .
image is relevant .
It could also work cheaply -- the researchers claim they could monitor the entire userbase of The Pirate Bay for just $ 12.40 a month .
A little more on how they can reduce false positives :
Funny that TPB shut down their tracker over 4 months ago .
Well .... Funny that TPB shut down their tracker over 4 months ago .
for a not up thing its working pretty good despite it being a public tracker which i never really use .
more funny as a test i just went and downloaded something .
for a not up thing its working pretty good despite it being a public tracker which i never really use .
annoy
@charter.com annoy Anon Re : DO NOT WANT
Actually you 're probably using one or more of the other trackers included in the torrent , more than likely openbittorrent.com and probably DHT if you have it enabled .
The TPB 's tracker shows up as offline if you look at the trackers tab in uTorrent .
33358088 ( banned )
join:2008-09-23 33358088 ( banned ) Member Re : DO NOT WANT said by annoy :
Actually you 're probably using one or more of the other trackers included in the torrent , more than likely openbittorrent.com and probably DHT if you have it enabled .
The TPB 's tracker shows up as offline if you look at the trackers tab in uTorrent .
no it was a TPB tracker ..... you can see in the torrent client .
no it was a TPB tracker ..... you can see in the torrent client .
Del_Gue
join:2001-10-03
Lancaster , OH Del_Gue Member Under Suspicion
A blacklist of suspected P2P users can't be far behind .
The Helpful1
Premium Member
join:2002-01-11
Upper Marlboro , MD The Helpful1 Premium Member Re : Under Suspicion what , like a no - fly list ?
You betcha .
Rogue Wolf
voted for you for GOAT
join:2003-08-12
Troy , NY Rogue Wolf to Del_Gue
Member to Del_Gue
" Are you now , or have you ever been , a member of the Communist Pirate Party ? "
DataDoc
My avatar looks like me , if I was 2D .
Premium Member
join:2000-05-14
Martinsburg , WV · HughesNet
DataDoc Premium Member
The thin edge of the wedge
If they will do this for copyright holders , what 's next ?
Filter my email just in case ?
Block search engines that do n't kick back a little vig ?
I torrented some legal software the other day , how would delivery of that be affected ?
Blocked , damaged , or just slow ?
I do have an expectation of at least the privacy of my telephone conversations , land line or cell .
Not that I actually get it , but I still expect it .
TwoCpus4me
join:2003 -10 -16 1 edit 1 recommendation TwoCpus4me Member Hmmm
I 'm not quite sure the ISP's have the legal standing to go trolling through data packets that are not their own .
How is this different than the US Post Office opening every piece of mail that they think could , maybe , woulda , shoulda , been involved in a crime and then turning those people over to the police ?
Other than the fact technology makes it easy to do but not necessarily legal so they just go ahead ?
33358088 ( banned )
join:2008-09-23 33358088 ( banned )
Member move to canada ill set u up with a room
just be clean , pay your rent and use teksavvy
thats all thats asked
ArrayList
DevOps
Premium Member
join:2005-03-19
Mullica Hill , NJ ArrayList Premium Member Re : move to canada how about u just setup a vpn for me and I pay for that ?
33358088 ( banned )
join:2008-09-23 33358088 ( banned ) Member Re : move to canada said by ArrayList :
how about u just setup a vpn for me and I pay for that ?
how about u just setup a vpn for me and I pay for that ?
and ill add the easiest solution to reduce flase positives is to reduce copyright terms to 14 or less years .
YUP
WHAT does 50 year copyright do for you citizens ( US what does 95 years plus say another 70 do for you ) well thats one way to do it in a way then you would be " moving to canada " and ill add the easiest solution to reduce flase positives is to reduce copyright terms to 14 or less years .
YUPWHAT does 50 year copyright do for you citizens ( US what does 95 years plus say another 70 do for you )
Z80A
Premium Member
join:2009 - 11-23 1 edit Z80A Premium Member
Is that even legal ?
Is n't looking " inside " the private communications between individuals illegal ?
It would be like the telephone company listening in on your phone conversations .
syslock
Premium Member
join:2007-02-03
La La Land 1 edit syslock Premium Member Nothing Earth Shattering Here .
This is going to flag and catch the regular home users
that do n't have a clue .
This is not going to do anything for the huge file traders
that are using TOR or a Firewall that 's configured properly .
Read page 4 and 5 of the pdf ...
> the active probing approach is not entirely immune
from the possibility of false positive identification .
For example , peers using an anonymizing network such as
Tor [ 10 ] may produce false positives , since the last Tor router
on the clients path of Tor routers ( called a Tor exit router )
would be implicated in the file sharing .
> False negative identification occurs when a
peer who is actively sharing a file cannot be identified as a file
sharer .
Both the active probing technique and the na¨ve ping
method suffer from the potential for false negatives .
The ping
method may miss peers who are behind a firewall that blocks
incoming ICMP traffic .
cdru
Go Colts
MVM
join:2003-05-14
Fort Wayne , IN cdru MVM $ 12.40 a month ?
quote : the researchers claim they could monitor the entire userbase of The Pirate Bay for just $ 12.40 a month .
It takes them $ 12.40 worth of work to determine that people are pirating from TPB ?
They either have the worlds cheapest consulting rate or they are REALLY slow at what they do if it takes them that long .
It takes them $ 12.40 worth of work to determine that people are pirating from TPB ?
They either have the worlds cheapest consulting rate or they are REALLY slow at what they do if it takes them that long .
Noname9
join:2009-09-04
Etobicoke , ON Noname9 Member Re : $ 12.40 a month ?
said by cdru :
quote : the researchers claim they could monitor the entire userbase of The Pirate Bay for just $ 12.40 a month .
It takes them $ 12.40 worth of work to determine that people are pirating from TPB ?
They either have the worlds cheapest consulting rate or they are REALLY slow at what they do if it takes them that long .
It takes them $ 12.40 worth of work to determine that people are pirating from TPB ?
They either have the worlds cheapest consulting rate or they are REALLY slow at what they do if it takes them that long .
Maybe they are hiring people from China . :P
crese24
join:2007 -12-27 crese24 Member Wait
So this means big brother is watching Torrents now ?
Why can't they just charge a piracy tax like 50 cents every month that goes to the media companies or all involved , and be done with it ?
Why are they trying so hard to kill a great technology ?
33358088 ( banned )
join:2008-09-23 33358088 ( banned ) Member Re : Wait said by crese24 :
So this means big brother is watching Torrents now ?
Why can't they just charge a piracy tax like 50 cents every month that goes to the media companies or all involved , and be done with it ?
Why are they trying so hard to kill a great technology ?
So this means big brother is watching Torrents now ?
Why can't they just charge a piracy tax like 50 cents every month that goes to the media companies or all involved , and be done with it ?
Why are they trying so hard to kill a great technology ?
thus a 6 billion lawsuit has ocurred look what happened in Canada the CRIA collects 70 million a month and ISNT PAYING ARTISTSthus a 6 billion lawsuit has ocurred
sharksfan3
Premium Member
join:2004-02-16
North Hollywood , CA 1 edit sharksfan3 Premium Member A work around
Think of a low cost Windows XP / Vista VPS with unmetered bandwidth in a " favorable jurisdiction " ...
qworster
join:2001-11-25
Bryn Mawr , PA · Verizon FiOS
2 edits qworster Member
The greening ( destruction ) of the Internet .
The Internet is supposed to be FREE , yet thanks to the government limiting ISP competition to a few scumbags - said scumbags can do whatever they want - and we have no choice but to go along with it - or have no Internet at all .
The time has come for the people to tell the govt .
to go F**K themselves !
I WANT unfettered Internet for a fair price - not the limited , slow , expensive filtered crap we get today .
Most of the ' big boys ' do n't even offer Usenet any more !
I pay a small fortune for Internet - and I should n't have to pay ANOTHER 12 bucks for something that I used to get for free !
How is this not another price increase ?
If the govt .
would allow access to the ' last mile ' to the home for a fair wholesale price ( note that I 'm not saying that competitors should get it for free - but they should be able to get it for a price that allows them to still offer service and make a couple of bucks in the process ) , then the resulting competition would drive prices down and speeds / quality up .
Cable Internet and DSL are monopolies today - and even worse they are UNREGULATED ones !
Fact is that the USA and Canada pays the highest prices for the worst service of ANY OTHER first world country !
My friends in Switzerland get REAL 8000/2000 ( these are the MEASURED speeds ! )
DSL with static IP for about 28 US dollars a month .
No caps and no blocks .
No limiting of bandwidth or services like Usenet .
I pay 37 dollars for 6000 /768 that actually measures 4000 /650 on speed tests .
If I wanted cable I 'd pay 60 dollars a a month for
10,000 /1000 Roadrunner cable - over twice as much as they pay for a bit more download and half the upload , plus dynamic IP - and no Usenet .
CableISPsupp
@mediacom.com CableISPsupp
Anon Accuracy of reporting agencies .
My question is , just how accurate are these companies that report the actual infringements of their copyrighted material .
As an employee of a major ISP , it is my job to read the notices and track down the IP addresses from the DHCP tables .
No one tells us how they come up with their information .
We are to take it as fact , no questions asked .
By the law , we must do something otherwise we would have to hand over our customers information to these companies if we did nothing .
I really doubt these companies are truly checking in to anything properly .
They just send a thousand notifications a day and we
Are unable to handle that load with the manpower that we have .
33358088 ( banned )
join:2008-09-23 33358088 ( banned ) Member Re : Accuracy of reporting agencies .
said by CableISPsupp :
My question is , just how accurate are these companies that report the actual infringements of their copyrighted material .
As an employee of a major ISP , it is my job to read the notices and track down the IP addresses from the DHCP tables .
No one tells us how they come up with their information .
We are to take it as fact , no questions asked .
By the law , we must do something otherwise we would have to hand over our customers information to these companies if we did nothing .
I really doubt these companies are truly checking in to anything properly .
They just send a thousand notifications a day and we
Are unable to handle that load with the manpower that we have .
were well past the rule of law with these people
ACTA is proof they dont even care about democracy .
SO i shall ignore it as will everyone else .
AND we 'll make enough noise were still doing things that you wont dare cause we just might vote the party in in Canada YOUR going to dread ..... were well past the rule of law with these peopleACTA is proof they dont even care about democracy .
SO i shall ignore it as will everyone else .
AND we 'll make enough noise were still doing things that you wont dare cause we just might vote the party in in Canada YOUR going to dread .....
OldschoolDSL
Premium Member
join:2006-02-23
Indian Orchard , MA OldschoolDSL
Premium Member Legal BiTorrent
So I would imagine if I bought a copy of the movie , " Alice in Wonderland " when it finally comes out for sale ...
Some IPS will notice someone downloading , using BitTorrent , and it will be some title which will make them think ......
Oh do I see a problem with this .
Not everything downloaded using BitTorrent is illegal .
Further more a few years ago , there was a paid service ( like iTunes ) which used BitTorrent as a company standard ( do n't recall the name ) .
So I would imagine if I bought a copy of the movie , " Alice in Wonderland " when it finally comes out for sale ...
Some IPS will notice someone downloading , using BitTorrent , and it will be some title which will make them think ......
Oh do I see a problem with this .
dsport
@cox.net dsport
Anon what about places ?
like steam client and also blizzard downloader that uses bt to transfer data across teh netz .. thats how these 2 send patches to users and games are d/l through their respective brands
33358088 ( banned )
join:2008-09-23 33358088 ( banned ) to OldschoolDSL
Member to OldschoolDSL
Re : Legal BiTorrent said by OldschoolDSL :
Not everything downloaded using BitTorrent is illegal .
Further more a few years ago , there was a paid service ( like iTunes ) which used BitTorrent as a company standard ( do n't recall the name ) .
So I would imagine if I bought a copy of the movie , " Alice in Wonderland " when it finally comes out for sale ...
Some IPS will notice someone downloading , using BitTorrent , and it will be some title which will make them think ......
Oh do I see a problem with this .
Not everything downloaded using BitTorrent is illegal .
Further more a few years ago , there was a paid service ( like iTunes ) which used BitTorrent as a company standard ( do n't recall the name ) .
So I would imagine if I bought a copy of the movie , " Alice in Wonderland " when it finally comes out for sale ...
Some IPS will notice someone downloading , using BitTorrent , and it will be some title which will make them think ......
Oh do I see a problem with this .
ill add its perfectly legal in Canada to download
JohnNWPVNJMH
Premium Member
join:2007-03-26
Berkeley Heights , NJ JohnNWPVNJMH
Premium Member Peerblock helps protect your privacy when using Torrents
If anyone will help counter this garbage , it will be small groups like that of PeerBlock .
If you never heard of PeerBlock , check them out .. the software is free :
» www.peerblock.com/
There is a great little startup company from NY called PeerBlock ...
I run this when sharing OpenSUSE and it is amazing at all the weird connections that are blocked such as the DOD Information Center and many others .
If anyone will help counter this garbage , it will be small groups like that of PeerBlock .
If you never heard of PeerBlock , check them out .. the software is free :
A scanning electron microscope image shows a carbon nanotube bundle used to cluster antigens and boost T cell production .
Credit : Tarek Fahmy / Yale University
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Yale University engineers have found that the defects in carbon nanotubes cause T cell antigens to cluster in the blood and stimulate the body 's natural immune response .
Their findings , which appear as the cover article of the April 20 issue of the journal Langmuir , could improve current adoptive immunotherapy , a treatment used to boost the body 's ability to fight cancer .
Adoptive immunotherapy involves extracting a patient 's blood so that the number of naturally occurring T cells ( a type of white blood cell ) can reproduce more effectively in the laboratory .
Although the body produces its own tumor - fighting T cells , they are often suppressed by the tumor and are too few to be effective .
Scientists boost the production of T cells outside the body using different substances that encourage T cell antigens to cluster in high concentrations .
The better these substances are at clustering T cell antigens , the greater the immune cell proliferation .
Once enough T cells are produced , the blood is transferred back into the patient 's body .
The Yale team had previously reported the unexpected effect that carbon nanotubes had on T cell production .
They found that the antigens , when presented on the surface of the nanotubes , stimulated T cell response far more effectively than coating other substrates such as polystyrene in the antigens , even though the total amount of antigens used remained the same .
Now they have discovered the reason behind the increased stimulation .
They found that the antigens cluster in high concentrations around the tiny defects found in the carbon nanotubes .
" Carbon nanotube bundles resemble a lymph node microenvironment , which has a labyrinth sort of geometry , " said Tarek Fahmy , associate professor of chemical engineering and biomedical engineering at Yale and senior author of the paper .
" The nanotube bundles seem to mimic the physiology and adsorb more antigens , promoting a greater immunological response . "
Current adoptive immunotherapy takes weeks to produce enough T cells , but lab tests showed that the nanotubes produced the same T cell concentration in just one - third the time , Fahmy said .
Carbon nanotubes can cause problems , such as an embolism , when used in the body .
But this is n't the case when they are used in blood that has been extracted from the patient , Fahmy said .
Next , the team will work on a way to effectively remove the carbon nanotubes from the blood before it is returned to the patient .
" We think this is a really interesting use of carbon nanotubes .
It 's a way to exploit the unique properties of this material for biological application in a safe way . "
Explore further Nanotube Coating Meshes with Living Cells
More information : Paper online : Paper online : DOI:10.1021/la902068z
The Stag ’s Head will be hosting the Chelsea Brewing Company on Wednesday evening ( 1/13 ) from 6:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m.
Pat Greene of Chelsea will be on hand to answer any questions you may have regarding the free beer you are drinking .
I have been told the beers on hand will include :
Bourbon barrel aged Imperial Mild ( barley Wine )
Hop Angel IPA
Blue Berry Wheat
Frosty ’s Winter Wheat
( Possible ) Sunset Red ( Pin ) - CASK
Chelsea Stout
Chelsea Blonde
The Stag ’s Head is one of my favorite beer spots in New York , and I have always been a big fan of the reasonably Chelsea Stout .
I am really look ing forward to trying some of the brewers other offerings .
I should also mention that Chelsea ’s brews are the only beers made here on the island of Manhattan ( on Chelsea Piers ) .
Lets all go out Wednesday evening , drink some free beer , and support the blossoming beer movement here in New York City .
The Stag ’s Head Address :
252 East 51st Street @ 2nd Avenue , New York , NY 10022 | 212-888-2453
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By John Simpson
BBC World Affairs Editor , Chongqing
The municipality of Chongqing claims to have the biggest population on earth .
At the last count , in 2005 , Chongqing had well over 30 million inhabitants with permits to live there , more than entire countries like Canada or Poland .
No -one knows how many people live there illegally .
It has grown to this vast size in only 13 years .
Before 1997 , Chongqing was just another of China 's middle - ranking provincial cities .
But the sudden development has meant big money , and big money tends to bring big corruption .
In Chongqing , the corruption went right to the top .
Senior officials could be bought and sold .
Organised crime moved in .
The city is in the midst of a major clampdown against racketeering and corruption .
Among the 3,000 people arrested so far are around 50 officials , including the chief of Chongqing 's justice department , Wen Qiang .
He is related by marriage to Xie Caiping , the woman who ran Chongqing 's biggest illegal gambling casino , right across the road from the city 's Supreme Court building .
One of his main associates , a former judge , committed suicide in prison .
Smooth politics
The man behind the crackdown is a national politician , Chongqing 's Communist Party secretary Bo Xilai .
Mr Bo , tough , sophisticated and ambitious , comes from the Communist aristocracy - his father was one of Mao Zedong 's leading comrades .
Many see Bo Xilai as a potential future national leader Yet Mr Bo is very much an example of the new China - he dresses superbly and sent his son to Britain to be educated at Harrow - one of the most famous and expensive private schools - and latterly at Oxford University .
In his efforts to stamp out corruption in Chongqing , Mr Bo has attracted accusations that he uses some highly questionable methods .
Zhu Mingyong , a Beijing lawyer who represents one of the leading accused - now sentenced to death - told the BBC he had not been allowed proper access to his client .
He also claimed that his client had been tortured .
Mr Zhu said he felt intimidated by the arrest and imprisonment of another defence lawyer involved in the case .
This man was accused of fabricating evidence when he represented the main mafia boss in Chongqing , and was sentenced to 18 months .
The corruption sweep has netted some 3,000 people so far But Bo Xi Lai knows that his campaign against corruption is hugely popular and he is said in the Western press to have ambitions to run the country .
He sends out text messages at random to ordinary people in Chongqing , much as Barack Obama did when he was running for the American presidency .
People we spoke to in the street mostly liked the idea .
Corruption is the number one concern in China .
Because of his campaign , one Western China - watcher suggested recently that if the National People 's Congress were able to choose the country 's political leadership , Mr Bo would romp home next year , when the final decision is made .
As it is , only a small group at the very top of the Communist Party is involved in making the selection : and they seem nervous of Mr Bo 's charisma .
Speaking out
Things are changing very fast in China and they seem to be changing with particular speed in Chongqing .
People are prepared to speak out in a way they would never have dared to in the past .
Just a few years ago , a lawyer like Mr Zhu , defence counsel for the mafia boss who has been sentenced to death , would never have gone on the BBC and accused the authorities of torturing his client .
The pace of change in Chongqing is fast partly because the city authorities know they have to work hard to get international attention and investment .
It is far inland , and has few of the natural advantages enjoyed by the big cities of China 's eastern seaboard .
As a result , it feels the need to be more open and welcoming .
Some of the old nervousness remains , though .
My team and I were invited to Chongqing by the city 's government .
I had been asked by the British consulate there to give a lecture about the power and responsibility of the media .
A hundred or more senior journalists accepted invitations .
Not one of them actually turned up .
Their places were taken by local media students .
Mr Bo , whom I have met more than once , was too busy to see us .
The mayor of Chongqing , who had fixed a time for us to interview him , had to leave town unexpectedly at the last moment .
And everywhere we drove , we were followed discreetly by the same silver Honda , presumably from the security police .
Even in China 's newest , biggest , most go - ahead city , the old habits still die hard .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The artificial spin ice is formed from nano - scale cobalt rods assembled in a honeycomb structure .
Each rod is a regular magnet , with a north and south pole .
In the hexagonal structure of the honey comb , each joint involves the junction of one attractive , and two repelling charged ends of the cobalt magnets .
By utilizing the charge imbalance at each vertex to control the flow of magnetic identity in a given space , the Imperial College scientists can trick the cobalt honeycomb into acting just like the magnetic monopole in natural spin ice .
Magic Orbs
Magic
Orbs is an awesome game for those gamers interested in hidden treasure in a lost temple .
While playing the game , the player becomes the wizard who is working through these levels using orbs to get where he is trying to go .
I found it very easy to use .
The game consists of making the wizard walk with the arrows on the computer and making him pick up the orbs with the space bar .
The tricky part to the game is figuring out which orb you need for which door .
Also , the wizard can only hold two orbs at a time so you must discard the ones you do n’t want to use on an empty holder .
Each orb is a different color and the color corresponds to the color door you are trying to get the wizard through .
As you advance through the levels , you must go through different doors just to get to the orb for the actual door you wish to go through .
Overall , I really enjoyed this game .
I can definitely see myself going back to the website to play it some more .
I think the best aspect of Magic Orbs is the challenge of finding the right orb for the right door .
In my opinion , I think this game is great for gamers of all ages because of the simplicity of the interface .
Play Magic Orbs @ ArmorGames >>
The Wire -- it has monopolized my DVD player since May .
As many of you hopefully know , it 's a stunning production .
And if you have n't seen it , do yourself a favor .
Get a Netflix subscription and devote your attention to it for the next few months .
David Simon ( the show 's creator ) has called his HBO series " a political tract masquerading as a cop show . "
In a piece published in the UK last week -- " The Escalating Breakdown of Urban Society Across the US " -- he writes more directly about the subtext that runs throughout The Wire .
The op - ed gets down to this fundamental truth : " There are two Americas - separate , unequal , and no longer even acknowledging each other except on the barest cultural terms .
In the one nation , new millionaires are minted every day .
In the other , human beings [ read : Baltimore and other cities like it ] no longer necessary to our economy , to our society , are being devalued and destroyed . "
In other David Simon news , you can catch him in a wide - ranging interview recorded earlier this week in San Francisco .
Catch it here .
MP3 - iTunes - Feed .
OTTAWA–Canada wo n't be winning many medals next month when the United Nations takes stock of women 's equality around the world , according to a new report that charts " systematic erosion " in the status of Canadian women since 2004 .
The stinging report , which cites backward progress in everything from pay equity to child care , was prepared by an alliance of feminist and labour activists to counter the more flattering picture the federal Conservative government presented to the UN for the assessment .
The UN is convening a special session in March to mark 15 years since the huge Beijing conference on women in 1995 , which laid out plans of action for all participating nations – including Canada .
Women have lost ground due to the elimination of funding for advocacy groups , the scrapping of a national child - care program and a widening wage gap between men and women , the report notes .
Kathy Lahey , a professor of law and gender studies at Queen 's University , whose research is part of the report sent to the UN this week , says Canada can't claim many bragging rights .
She points out , for instance , that while more women may be in the workforce and at post - secondary institutions , their wage gap with men was actually worse in 2001 than it was in 1981 .
In 1981 , there was a 15.6 per cent gap between the wages of men and women who had attended university , according to Lahey .
It then declined to an all - time low of 12.2 per cent in 1991 .
But 10 years later , it was up to 18.4 per cent , she says , and there are few signs anything is improving at the moment .
" This backing - off has been going on for quite a few years , " Lahey says .
The report also notes that although women have greater access to higher education , hiring and promotion in academic institutions has not kept pace : men with doctorates are twice as likely to have full - time professor positions as women with doctorates .
The report was released Monday by Canadian Feminist Alliance for International Action and the Canadian Labour Congress and was billed as a " reality check " on the Harper government 's submission to the UN .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's government , in its own report card submitted for the UN session , argued " there are many positive stories " to tell about " women and their place in Canadian society . "
It said progress had been made in getting more women into universities and the workforce , for instance .
Harper has also said women 's issues will be front and centre when Canada hosts the G8 and G20 meetings this year .
A UN indictment of Canada 's own record on women 's issues could cast an embarrassing shadow over that goal .
The submission by the labour congress and women 's groups takes aim at the Harper government for closing 12 of Canada 's 16 Status of Women offices , on the grounds that women's and men's issues do not need to be separated , and reallocating funding from organizations that support advocacy for women 's rights to those that provide front - line services .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
It criticizes the elimination of funding for court challenges , which provided assistance to cases related to equality rights guaranteed in the Constitution .
" There has been a sharp decrease in institutional and political support by the government of Canada for the promotion and protection of the human rights of women and girls during the period 2004 - 2009 , " says the report .
" There has been a systematic erosion of the human rights of women and girls in Canada . "
The report notes Canada has been steadily declining in international rankings of gender disparity over the past few years , at the UN and at the World Economic Forum .
In 2006 , Canada placed 14th out of 115 countries in terms of the World Forum 's " gender - gap index " – a complex calculation that takes account of wages , education , health and political power .
In 2009 , Canada had slipped to 25th place .
Even among 22 OECD nations , Canada is lagging in measurement of the gender gap in wages , the report notes – in fifth place , behind the United States .
Lahey says that the loss of a national child - care program – put in place by Paul Martin 's Liberal government from 2004 to 2006 , dismantled when Harper came to power – has represented another backward step for women and their economic security in Canada .
The Conservatives ' $ 100 - a- month universal child benefit is not an adequate substitute or a realistic alternative for impoverished mothers , especially single ones , who need to work to support their families , Lahey said .
The report is critical of the government for doing away with the national child - care program , which would have cost $ 5 billion in its first five years , and for its opposition to the long - gun registry .
The registry , it says , was one of the most significant factors in the decrease of firearm - related spousal homicides in Canada in the past 10 years .
Though the report is critical of the Harper government for cuts to women 's advocacy and equity programs , Lahey says blame for the decline stretches beyond the political .
She says the slashing of government revenues , by political parties of all stripes , has made a real , negative impact on the status of Canadian women .
She also says that there are " deep , cultural " forces operating against women 's equality – as evidenced by the fact that any progress is difficult to maintain .
Read more about :
Tags
What I call the Old Right is suddenly back !
The terms " old " and " new " inevitably get confusing , with a new " new " every few years , so let 's call it the " Original " Right , the right wing as it existed from 1933 to approximately 1955 .
This Old Right was formed in reaction against the New Deal , and against the Great Leap Forward into the leviathan state that was the essence of that New Deal .
This anti–New Deal movement was a coalition of three groups :
the " extremists " — the individualists and libertarians , like H.L. Mencken , Albert Jay Nock , Rose Wilder Lane , and Garet Garrett ; right - wing Democrats , harking back to the laissez - faire views of the 19th - century Democratic party , men such as Governor Albert Ritchie of Maryland or Senator James A. Reed of Missouri ; moderate New Dealers , who thought that the Roosevelt New Deal went too far , for example Herbert Hoover .
Interestingly , even though the libertarian intellectuals were in the minority , they necessarily set the terms and the rhetoric of the debate , since theirs was the only thought - out , contrasting ideology to the New Deal .
The most radical view of the New Deal was that of libertarian essayist and novelist Garet Garrett , an editor of the Saturday Evening Post .
His brilliant little pamphlet " The Revolution Was , " published in 1938 , began with these penetrating words — words that would never be fully absorbed by the Right :
There are those who still think they are holding a pass against a revolution that may be coming up the road .
But they are gazing in the wrong direction .
The revolution is behind them .
It went by in the night of depression , singing songs to freedom .
The revolution was , said Garrett , and therefore nothing less than a counterrevolution is needed to take the country back .
Behold then , not a " conservative , " but a radical Right .
In the late 1930s , there was added to this reaction against the domestic New Deal a reaction against the foreign policy of the New Deal : the insistent drive toward war in Europe and Asia .
Hence , the right wing added a reaction against big government abroad to the attack on big government at home .
The one fed on the other .
The right wing called for nonintervention in foreign as well as domestic affairs , and denounced FDR 's adoption of Woodrow Wilson 's global crusading , which had proved so disastrous in World War I .
To Wilson - Roosevelt globalism , the Old Right countered with a policy of " America First . "
American foreign policy must neither be based on the interests of a foreign power — such as Great Britain — nor be in the service of such abstract ideals as " making the world safe for democracy , " or waging a " war to end all wars , " both of which would amount , in the prophetic words of Charles A. Beard , to waging " perpetual war for perpetual peace . "
And so the Original Right was completed , combating the leviathan state in domestic affairs .
It said " no ! " to the welfare - warfare state .
The result of adding foreign affairs to the list was some reshuffling of members : former rightists such as Lewis W. Douglas — who had opposed the domestic New Deal — now rejoined it as internationalists , while veteran isolationists , such as Senators Borah and Nye , or intellectuals such as Beard , Harry Elmer Barnes , or John T. Flynn , gradually but surely became domestic right - wingers in the course of their determined opposition to the foreign New Deal .
If we know what the Old Right was against , what were they for ?
In general terms , they were for a restoration of the liberty of the old republic , of a government strictly limited to the defense of the rights of private property .
In the concrete , as in the case of any broad coalition , there were differences of opinion within this overall framework .
But we can boil down those differences to this question :
How much of existing government would you repeal ?
How far would you roll government back ?
The minimum demand that almost all Old Rightists agreed on , which virtually defined the Old Right , was total abolition of the New Deal , the whole kit and caboodle of the welfare state , the Wagner Act , the Social Security Act , going off gold in 1933 , and all the rest .
Beyond that , there were charming disagreements .
Some would stop at repealing the New Deal .
Others would press on , to abolition of Woodrow Wilson 's New Freedom , including the Federal Reserve System and especially that mighty instrument of tyranny , the income tax and the Internal Revenue Service .
Still others , extremists such as myself , would not stop until we repealed the Federal Judiciary Act of 1789 , and maybe even think the unthinkable and restore the good old Articles of Confederation .
Here I should stop and say that , contrary to accepted myth , the Original Right did not disappear with , and was not discredited by , our entry into World War II .
On the contrary , the congressional elections of 1942 — elections neglected by scholars — were a significant victory not only for conservative Republicans , but for isolationist Republicans as well .
Even though intellectual rightist opinion , in books and especially in the journals , was virtually blotted out during World War II , the Right was still healthy in politics and in the press , such as the Hearst press , the New York Daily News , and especially the Chicago Tribune .
After World War II , there was an intellectual revival of the Right , and the Old Right stayed healthy until the mid-1950s .
Within the overall consensus , then , on the Old Right , there were many differences within the framework , but differences that remained remarkably friendly and harmonious .
Oddly enough , these are precisely the friendly differences within the current paleo movement : free trade or protective tariff ; immigration policy ; and within the policy of " isolationism , " whether it should be " doctrinaire " isolationism , such as my own , or whether the United States should regularly intervene in the Western Hemisphere or in neighboring countries of Latin America , or whether this nationalist policy should be flexible among these various alternatives .
Other differences , which also still exist , are more philosophical : should we be Lockians , Hobbesians , or Burkeans : natural rightsers , or traditionalists , or utilitarians ?
On political frameworks , should we be monarchists , check - and - balance federalists , or radical decentralists ?
Hamiltonians or Jeffersonians ?
One difference , which agitated the right wing before the Buckleyite monolith managed to stifle all debate , is particularly relevant to right - wing strategy .
The Marxists , who have spent a great deal of time thinking about strategy for their movement , always pose the question :
Who is the agency of social change ?
Which group may be expected to bring about the desired change in society ?
Classical Marxism found the answer easy : the proletariat .
Then things got a lot more complicated : the peasantry , oppressed womanhood , minorities , etc .
The relevant question for the right wing is the other side of the coin : who can we expect to be the bad guys ?
Who are the agents of negative social change ?
Or , which groups in society pose the greatest threats to liberty ?
Basically , there have been two answers on the Right : ( 1 ) the unwashed masses ; and ( 2 ) the power elites .
I will return to this question in a minute .
In the differences of opinion , of the question of diversity in the Old Right , I was struck by a remark that Tom Fleming of Chronicles made .
Tom noted that he was struck , in reading about that period , that there was no party line , that there was no person or magazine excommunicating heretics , that there was admirable diversity and freedom of discussion on the Old Right .
Amen !
In other words , there was no National Review .
What was the Old Right 's position on culture ?
There was no particular position , because everyone was imbued with , and loved , the old culture .
Culture was not an object of debate , either on the Old Right or , for that matter , anywhere else .
Of course , they would have been horrified and incredulous at the accredited victimology that has rapidly taken over our culture .
Anyone who would have suggested to an Old Rightist of 1950 , for example , that in 40 years , the federal courts would be redrawing election districts all over the country so that Hispanics would be elected according to their quota in the population , would have been considered a fit candidate for the loony bin .
As well he might .
And while I 'm on this topic , this is the year 1992 , so I am tempted to say , repeat after me : COLUMBUS DISCOVERED AMERICA !
Even though a fan of diversity , the only revisionism I will permit on this topic is whether Columbus discovered America , or whether it was Amerigo Vespucci .
Poor Italian - Americans !
They have never been able to make it to accredited victim status .
The only thing they ever got was Columbus Day .
And now , they 're trying to take it away !
If I may be pardoned a personal note , I joined the Old Right in 1946 .
I grew up in New York City in the 1930s in the midst of what can only be called a communist culture .
As middle - class Jews in New York , my relatives , friends , classmates , and neighbors faced only one great moral decision in their lives : should they join the Communist Party and devote 100 percent of their lives to the cause , or should they remain fellow travelers and devote only a fraction of their lives ?
That was the great range of debate .
I had two sets of aunts and uncles on both sides of the family who were in the Communist Party .
The older uncle was an engineer who helped build the legendary Moscow subway ; the younger one was an editor for the Communist - dominated Drug Workers Union , headed by one of the famous Foner brothers .
But I hasten to add that I am not , in the current fashion , like Roseanne Barr Arnold or William F. Buckley , Jr. , claiming that I was a victim of child abuse .
( Buckley 's claim is that he was the victim of the high crime of insouciant anti-Semitism at his father 's dinner table . )
On the contrary , my father was an individualist — and he was always strongly anticommunist and antisocialist — who turned against the New Deal in 1938 because it had failed to correct the depression : a pretty good start .
In my high - school , and in my college career at Columbia University , I never met a Republican , much less anyone strongly right - wing .
By the way , even though I am admittedly several years younger than Daniel Bell , Irving Kristol , and the rest , I must say that during all those years I never heard of Leon Trotsky , much less of Trotskyites , until I got to graduate school after World War II .
I was fairly politically aware , and in New York in those days , the " Left " meant the Communist Party , period .
So I think that Kristol and the rest are weaving pretty legends about the cosmic importance of the debates between Trotskyites and Stalinists in alcoves A and B at the City College cafeteria .
As far as I 'm concerned , the only Trotskyites were a handful of academics .
By the way , there is a perceptive saying in left - wing circles in New York : that the Trotskyites all went into academia , and the Stalinists went into real estate .
Perhaps that 's why the Trotskyites are running the world .
At Columbia College , I was only one of two Republicans on the entire campus , the other being a literature major with whom I had little in common .
Not only that : but — a remarkable thing for a cosmopolitan place like Columbia — Lawrence Chamberlain , distinguished political scientist and dean of Columbia College , admitted one time that he had never met a Republican either .
By 1946 , I had become politically active , and joined the Young Republicans of New York .
Unfortunately , the Republicans in New York were n't much of an improvement : the Dewey - Rockefeller forces constituted the extreme right of the party ; most of them being either pro-Communist like Stanley Isaacs , or social democrats like Jacob Javits .
I did , however , have fun writing a paper for the Young Republicans denouncing price control and rent control .
And after the Republican capture of Congress in 1946 , I was ecstatic .
My first publication ever was a " hallelujah ! " letter in the New York World - Telegram exulting that now , at last , the Republican 80th Congress would repeal the entire New Deal .
So much for my strategic acumen in 1946 .
At any rate , I found the Old Right and was happy there for a decade .
For a couple of years , I was delighted to subscribe to the Chicago Tribune , whose every news item was filled with great Old Right punch and analysis .
It is forgotten now that the only organized opposition to the Korean War was not on the Left — which , except for the Communist Party and I.F. Stone , fell for the chimera of Wilsonian - Rooseveltian " collective security " — but was on the so - called extreme Right , particularly in the House of Representatives .
One of the leaders was my friend Howard Buffett , Congressman from Omaha , who was a pure libertarian and was Senator Taft 's Midwestern campaign manager at the monstrous Republican convention of 1952 , when the Eisenhower - Wall Street cabal stole the election from Robert Taft .
After that , I left the Republican Party , only to return this year for the Buchanan campaign .
During the 1950s , I joined every right - wing third party I could find , most of which collapsed after the first meeting .
I supported the last presidential thrust of the Old Right , the Andrews - Werdel ticket in 1956 , but unfortunately , they never made it up to New York City .
After this excursion on my personal activity in the Old Right , I return to a key strategic question : who are the major bad guys , the unwashed masses or the power elite ?
Very early , I concluded that the big danger is the elite , and not the masses , and for the following reasons :
First , even granting for a moment that the masses are the worst possible , that they are perpetually hell - bent on lynching anyone down the block , the mass of people simply do n't have the time for politics or political shenanigans .
The average person must spend most of his time on the daily business of life , being with his family , seeing his friends , etc .
He can only get interested in politics or engage in it sporadically .
The only people who have time for politics are the professionals : the bureaucrats , politicians , and special - interest groups dependent on political rule .
They make money out of politics , and so they are intensely interested and lobby and are active 24 hours a day .
Therefore , these special - interest groups will tend to win out over the uninterested masses .
This is the basic insight of the public - choice school of economics .
The only other groups interested full - time in politics are ideologists like ourselves , again not a very large segment of the population .
So the problem is the ruling elite , the professionals , and their dependent special - interest groups .
A second crucial point : society is divided into a ruling elite , which is necessarily a minority of the population , and lives off the second group — the rest of the population .
Here I point to one of the most brilliant essays on political philosophy ever written , John C. Calhoun 's " Disquisition on Government . "
Calhoun pointed out that the very fact of government and of taxation creates inherent conflict between two great classes : those who pay taxes , and those who live off them ; the net tax payers vs. the tax consumers .
The bigger government gets , Calhoun noted , the greater and more intense the conflict between those two social classes .
By the way , I 've never thought of Governor Pete Wilson of California as a distinguished political theorist , but the other day he said something , presumably unwittingly , that was remarkably Calhounian .
Wilson lamented that the tax recipients in California were beginning to outnumber the tax payers .
Well , it 's a start .
If a minority of elites rule over , tax , and exploit the majority of the public , then this brings up starkly the main problem of political theory : what I like to call the mystery of civil obedience .
Why does the majority of the public obey these turkeys , anyway ?
This problem , I believe , was solved by three great political theorists , mainly but not all libertarian : Etienne de la Boetie , French libertarian theorist of the mid-16th century ; David Hume ; and Ludwig von Mises .
They pointed out that , precisely because the ruling class is a minority , in the long run , force per se cannot rule .
Even in the most despotic dictatorship , the government can only persist when it is backed by the majority of the population .
In the long run , ideas , not force , rule ; and any government has to have legitimacy in the minds of the public .
This truth was starkly demonstrated in the collapse of the Soviet Union last year .
Simply put , when the tanks were sent to capture Yeltsin , they were persuaded to turn their guns around and defend Yeltsin and the Russian Parliament instead .
More broadly , it is clear that the Soviet government had totally lost legitimacy and support among the public .
To a libertarian , it was a particularly wonderful thing to see unfolding before our very eyes , the death of a state , particularly a monstrous one such as the Soviet Union .
Toward the end , Gorby continued to issue decrees as before , but now no one paid any attention .
The once - mighty Supreme Soviet continued to meet , but nobody bothered to show up .
How glorious !
But we still have n't solved the mystery of civil obedience .
If the ruling elite is taxing , looting , and exploiting the public , why does the public put up with this for a single moment ?
Why does it take them so long to withdraw their consent ?
Here we come to the solution : the critical role of the intellectuals , the opinion - molding class in society .
If the masses knew what was going on , they would withdraw their consent quickly : they would soon perceive that the emperor has no clothes , that they are being ripped off .
That is where the intellectuals come in .
The ruling elite , whether it be the monarchs of yore or the Communist parties of today , are in desperate need of intellectual elites to weave apologias for state power : the state rules by divine edict ; the state insures the common good or the general welfare ; the state protects us from the bad guys over the mountain ; the state guarantees full employment ; the state activates the multiplier effect ; the state insures social justice , and on and on .
The apologias differ over the centuries ; the effect is always the same .
As Karl Wittfogel shows in his great work , Oriental Despotism , in Asian empires the intellectuals were able to get away with the theory that the emperor or pharaoh was himself divine .
If the ruler is God , few will be induced to disobey or question his commands .
We can see what the state rulers get out of their alliance with the intellectuals ; but what do the intellectuals get out of it ?
Intellectuals are the sort of people who believe that , in the free market , they are getting paid far less than their wisdom requires .
Now the state is willing to pay them salaries , both for apologizing for state power , and in the modern state , for staffing the myriad jobs in the welfare , regulatory - state apparatus .
In past centuries , the churches constituted the exclusive opinion - molding classes in the society .
Hence the importance to the state and its rulers of an established church , and the importance to libertarians of the concept of separating church and state , which really means not allowing the state to confer upon one group a monopoly of the opinion - molding function .
In the 20th century , of course , the church has been replaced in its opinion - molding role , or , in that lovely phrase , the " engineering of consent , " by a swarm of intellectuals , academics , social scientists , technocrats , policy scientists , social workers , journalists and the media generally , and on and on .
Often included , for old times ' sake , so to speak , is a sprinkling of social gospel ministers and counselors from the mainstream churches .
So , to sum up : the problem is that the bad guys , the ruling classes , have gathered unto themselves the intellectual and media elites , who are able to bamboozle the masses into consenting to their rule , to indoctrinate them , as the Marxists would say , with " false consciousness . "
What can we , the right - wing opposition , do about it ?
One strategy , endemic to libertarians and classical liberals , is what we can call the " Hayekian " model , after F.A. Hayek , or what I have called " educationism . "
Ideas , the model declares , are crucial , and ideas filter down a hierarchy , beginning with top philosophers , then seeping down to lesser philosophers , then academics , and finally to journalists and politicians , and then to the masses .
The thing to do is to convert the top philosophers to the correct ideas ; they will convert the lesser , and so on , in a kind of " trickle - down effect , " until , at last , the masses are converted and liberty has been achieved .
First , it should be noted that this trickle - down strategy is a very gentle and genteel one , relying on quiet mediation and persuasion in the austere corridors of intellectual cerebration .
This strategy fits , by the way , with Hayek 's personality , for Hayek is not exactly known as an intellectual gut - fighter .
Of course , ideas and persuasion are important , but there are several fatal flaws in the Hayekian strategy .
First , of course , the strategy at best will take several hundred years , and some of us are a bit more impatient than that .
But time is by no means the only problem .
Many people have noted , for example , mysterious blockages of the trickle .
Thus , most real scientists have a very different view of such environmental questions as Alar than do a few left - wing hysterics , and yet somehow it is always the same few hysterics that are exclusively quoted by the media .
The same applies to the vexed problem of inheritance and IQ testing .
So how come the media invariably skew the result , and pick and choose the few leftists in the field ?
Clearly , because the media , especially the respectable and influential media , begin , and continue , with a strong left - liberal bias .
More generally , the Hayekian trickle - down model overlooks a crucial point : that , and I hate to break this to you , intellectuals , academics , and the media are not all motivated by truth alone .
As we have seen , the intellectual classes may be part of the solution , but also they are a big part of the problem .
For , as we have seen , the intellectuals are part of the ruling class , and their economic interests , as well as their interests in prestige , power and admiration , are wrapped up in the present welfare / warfare - state system .
Therefore , in addition to converting intellectuals to the cause , the proper course for the right - wing opposition must necessarily be a strategy of boldness and confrontation , of dynamism and excitement , a strategy , in short , of rousing the masses from their slumber and exposing the arrogant elites that are ruling them , controlling them , taxing them , and ripping them off .
Another alternative right - wing strategy is that commonly pursued by many libertarian or conservative think tanks : that of quiet persuasion , not in the groves of academe , but in Washington , D.C. , in the corridors of power .
This has been called the " Fabian " strategy , with think tanks issuing reports calling for a two percent cut in a tax here , or a tiny drop in a regulation there .
The supporters of this strategy often point to the success of the Fabian Society , which , by its detailed empirical researches , gently pushed the British state into a gradual accretion of socialist power .
The flaw here , however , is that what works to increase state power does not work in reverse .
For the Fabians were gently nudging the ruling elite precisely in the direction they wanted to travel anyway .
Nudging the other way would go strongly against the state 's grain , and the result is far more likely to be the state 's co-opting and Fabianizing the think tankers themselves rather than the other way around .
This sort of strategy may , of course , be personally very pleasant for the think tankers , and may be profitable in cushy jobs and contracts from the government .
But that is precisely the problem .
It is important to realize that the establishment does n't want excitement in politics , it wants the masses to continue to be lulled to sleep .
It wants kinder , gentler ; it wants the measured , judicious , mushy tone , and content , of a James Reston , a David Broder , or a Washington Week in Review .
It does n't want a Pat Buchanan , not only for the excitement and hard edge of his content , but also for his similar tone and style .
And so the proper strategy for the right wing must be what we can call " right - wing populism " : exciting , dynamic , tough , and confrontational , rousing and inspiring not only the exploited masses , but the often - shell - shocked right - wing intellectual cadre as well .
And in this era where the intellectual and media elites are all establishment liberal - conservatives , all in a deep sense one variety or another of social democrat , all bitterly hostile to a genuine Right , we need a dynamic , charismatic leader who has the ability to short - circuit the media elites , and to reach and rouse the masses directly .
We need a leadership that can reach the masses and cut through the crippling and distorting hermeneutical fog spread by the media elites .
But can we call such a strategy " conservative " ?
I , for one , am tired of the liberal strategy , on which they have rung the changes for forty years , of presuming to define " conservatism " as a supposed aid to the conservative movement .
Whenever liberals have encountered hard - edged abolitionists who , for example , have wanted to repeal the New Deal or Fair Deal , they say " But that 's not genuine conservatism .
That 's radicalism . "
The genuine conservative , these liberals go on to say , does n't want to repeal or abolish anything .
He is a kind and gentle soul who wants to conserve what left - liberals have accomplished .
The left - liberal vision , then , of good conservatives is as follows : first , left - liberals , in power , make a Great Leap Forward toward collectivism ; then , when , in the course of the political cycle , four or eight years later , conservatives come to power , they of course are horrified at the very idea of repealing anything ; they simply slow down the rate of growth of statism , consolidating the previous gains of the Left , and providing a bit of R&R for the next liberal Great Leap Forward .
And if you think about it , you will see that this is precisely what every Republican administration has done since the New Deal .
Conservatives have readily played the desired Santa Claus role in the liberal vision of history .
I would like to ask :
How long are we going to keep being suckers ?
How long will we keep playing our appointed roles in the scenario of the Left ?
When are we going to stop playing their game , and start throwing over the table ?
I must admit that , in one sense , the liberals have had a point .
The word " conservative " is unsatisfactory .
The original right never used the term " conservative " : we called ourselves individualists , or " true liberals , " or rightists .
The word " conservative " only swept the board after the publication of Russell Kirk 's highly influential Conservative Mind in 1953 , in the last years of the Original Right .
There are two major problems with the word " conservative . "
First , that it indeed connotes conserving the status quo , which is precisely why the Brezhnevites were called " conservatives " in the Soviet Union .
Perhaps there was a case for calling us " conservatives " in 1910 , but surely not now .
Now we want to uproot the status quo , not conserve it .
And secondly , the word conservative harks back to struggles in 19th - century Europe , and in America conditions and institutions have been so different that the term is seriously misleading .
There is a strong case here , as in other areas , for what has been called " American exceptionalism . "
So what should we call ourselves ?
I have n't got an easy answer , but perhaps we could call ourselves radical reactionaries , or " radical rightists , " the label that was given to us by our enemies in the 1950s .
Or , if there is too much objection to the dread term " radical , " we can follow the suggestion of some of our group to call ourselves " the Hard Right . "
Any of these terms is preferable to " conservative , " and it also serves the function of separating ourselves out from the official conservative movement , which , as I shall note in a minute , has been largely taken over by our enemies .
It is instructive to turn now to a prominent case of right - wing populism headed by a dynamic leader who appeared in the last years of the Original Right , and whose advent , indeed , marked a transition between the Original and the newer , Buckleyite Right .
Quick now : who was the most hated , the most smeared man in American politics in this century , more hated and reviled than even David Duke , even though he was not a Nazi or a Klu Kluxer ?
He was not a libertarian , he was not an isolationist , he was not even a conservative , but in fact was a moderate Republican .
And yet , he was so universally reviled that his very name became a generic dictionary synonym for evil .
I refer , of course , to Joe McCarthy .
The key to the McCarthy phenomenon was the comment made by the entire political culture , from moderate left to moderate right : " we agree with McCarthy 's goals , we just disagree with his means . "
Of course , McCarthy 's goals were the usual ones absorbed from the political culture : the alleged necessity of waging war against an international Communist conspiracy , whose tentacles reached from the Soviet Union and spanned the entire globe .
McCarthy 's problem , and ultimately his tragedy , is that he took this stuff seriously ; if communists and their agents and fellow travelers are everywhere , then should n't we , in the midst of the Cold War , root them out of American political life ?
The unique and the glorious thing about McCarthy was not his goals or his ideology , but precisely his radical , populist means .
For McCarthy was able , for a few years , to short - circuit the intense opposition of all the elites in American life : from the Eisenhower - Rockefeller administration to the Pentagon and the military - industrial complex to liberal and left media and academic elites — to overcome all that opposition and reach and inspire the masses directly .
And he did it through television , and without any real movement behind him ; he had only a guerrilla band of a few advisers , but no organization and no infrastructure .
Fascinatingly enough , the response of the intellectual elites to the specter of McCarthyism was led by liberals such as Daniel Bell and Seymour Martin Lipset , who are now prominent neoconservatives .
For , in this era , the neocons were in the midst of the long march which was to take them from Trotskyism to right - wing Trotskyism to right - wing social democracy , and finally to the leadership of the conservative movement .
At this stage of their hegira the neocons were Truman - Humphrey - Scoop Jackson liberals .
The major intellectual response to McCarthyism was a book edited by Daniel Bell , The New American Right ( 1955 ) later updated and expanded to The Radical Right ( 1963 ) , published at a time when McCarthyism was long gone and it was necessary to combat a new menace , the John Birch Society .
The basic method was to divert attention from the content of the radical - right message and direct attention instead to a personal smear of the groups on the Right .
The classical , or hard , Marxist method of smearing opponents of socialism or communism was to condemn them as agents of monopoly capital or of the bourgeoisie .
While these charges were wrong , at least they had the virtue of clarity and even a certain charm , compared to the later tactics of the soft Marxists and liberals of the 1950s and ' 60s , who engaged in Marxo - Freudian psychobabble to infer , in the name of psychological " science , " that their opponents were , well , kind of crazy .
The preferred method of the time was invented by one of the contributors to the Bell volume , and also one of my least favorite distinguished American historians , Professor Richard Hofstadter .
In Hofstadter 's formulation , any radical dissenters from any status quo , be they rightists or leftists , engage in a " paranoid " style ( and you know , of course , what paranoids are ) , and suffer from " status anxiety . "
Logically , at any time there are three and only three social groups : those who are declining in status , those who are rising in status , and those whose status is about even .
( You ca n't fault that analysis ! )
The declining groups are the ones whom Hofstadter focused on for the neurosis of status anxiety , which causes them to lash out irrationally at their betters in a paranoid style , and you can fill in the rest .
But , of course , the rising groups can also suffer from the anxiety of trying to keep their higher status , and the level groups can be anxious about a future decline .
The result of his hocus - pocus is a nonfalsifiable , universally valid theory that can be trotted out to smear and dispose of any person or group which dissents from the status quo .
For who , after all , wants to be , or to associate with , paranoids and the status anxious ?
Also permeating the Bell volume is dismissal of these terrible radicals as suffering from the " politics of resentment . "
It is interesting , by the way , how left - liberals deal with political anger .
It 's a question of semantics .
Anger by the good guys , the accredited victim groups , is designated as " rage , " which is somehow noble : the latest example was the rage of organized feminism in the Clarence Thomas / Willie Smith incidents .
On the other hand , anger by designated oppressor groups is not called " rage , " but " resentment " : which conjures up evil little figures , envious of their betters , skulking around the edges of the night .
And indeed the entire Bell volume is permeated by a frank portrayal of the noble , intelligent , ivy - league governing elite , confronted and harassed by a mass of odious , uneducated , redneck , paranoid , resentment - filled , authoritarian working and middle - class types in the heartland , trying irrationally to undo the benevolent rule of wise elites concerned for the public good .
History , however , was not very kind to Hofstadterian liberalism .
For Hofstadter and the others were consistent : they were defending what they considered a wonderful status quo of elite rule from any radicals whatever , be they right or left .
And so , Hofstadter and his followers went back through American history tarring all radical dissenters from any status quo with the status anxious , paranoid brush , including such groups as progressives , populists , and Northern abolitionists before the Civil War .
At the same time , Bell , in 1960 , published a once - famous work proclaiming the End of Ideology : from now on , consensus elitist liberalism would rule forever , ideology would disappear , and all political problems would be merely technical ones , such as which machinery to use to clear the streets .
( Foreshadowing thirty years later , a similar neocon proclamation of the " End of History . " )
But shortly afterwards , ideology came back with a bang , with the radical civil rights and then the New Left revolutions , part of which , I am convinced , was in reaction to these arrogant liberal doctrines .
Smearing radicals , at least left - wing ones , was no longer in fashion , either in politics or in historiography .
Meanwhile , of course , poor McCarthy was undone , partly because of the smears , and the lack of a movement infrastructure , and partly too because his populism , even though dynamic , had no goals and no program whatsoever , except the very narrow one of rooting out communists .
And partly , too , because McCarthy was not really suited for the television medium he had ridden to fame : being a " hot " person in a " cool " medium , with his jowls , his heavy five - o' clock shadow ( which also helped ruin Nixon ) , and his lack of a sense of humor .
And also , too , since he was neither a libertarian nor really a radical rightist , McCarthy 's heart was broken by the censure of the US Senate , an institution which he actually loved .
The Original Right , the radical Right , had pretty much disappeared by the time of the second edition of the Bell volume in 1963 , and in a minute we shall see why .
But now , all of a sudden , with the entry of Pat Buchanan into the presidential race , my God , they 're back !
The radical right is back , all over the place , feistier than ever , and getting stronger !
The response to this historic phenomenon , by the entire spectrum of established and correct thought , by all the elites from left over to official conservatives and neoconservatives , is very much like the reaction to the return of Godzilla in the old movies .
And would n't you know that they would trot out the old psychobabble , as well as the old smears of bigotry , anti-Semitism , the specter of Franco , and all the rest ?
Every interview with , and article on Pat , dredges his " authoritarian Catholic " background ( ooh ! ) and the fact that he fought a lot when he was a kid ( gee whiz , like most of the American male population ) .
Also : that Pat has been angry a lot .
Ooh , anger !
And of course , since Pat is not only a right - winger but hails from a designated oppressor group ( white , male , Irish Catholic ) , his anger can never be righteous rage , but only a reflection of a paranoid , status - anxious personality , filled with , you got it , " resentment . "
And sure enough , this week , January 13 , the august New York Times , whose every word , unlike the words of the rest of us , is fit to print , in its lead editorial sets the establishment line , a line which by definition is fixed in concrete , on Pat Buchanan .
After deploring the hard - edged and therefore politically incorrect vocabulary ( tsk , tsk ! ) of Pat Buchanan , the New York Times , I am sure for the first time , solemnly quotes Bill Buckley as if his words were holy writ ( and I 'll get to that in a minute ) , and therefore decides that Buchanan , if not actually anti-Semitic , has said anti-Semitic things .
And the Times concludes with this final punch line , so reminiscent of the Bell - Hofstadter line of yesteryear : " What his words convey , much as his bid for the nomination conveys , is the politics , the dangerous politics , of resentment . "
Resentment !
Why should anyone in his right mind resent contemporary America ?
Why should anyone , for example , going out into the streets of Washington or New York , resent what is surely going to happen to him ?
But , for heaven 's sake , what person in his right mind , does n't resent it ?
What person is not filled with noble rage , or ignoble resentment , or whatever you choose to call it ?
Finally , I want to turn to the question : what happened to the Original Right , anyway ?
And how did the conservative movement get into its present mess ?
Why does it need to be sundered , and split apart , and a new radical right movement created upon its ashes ?
The answer to both of these seemingly disparate questions is the same : what happened to the Original Right , and the cause of the present mess , is the advent and domination of the right wing by Bill Buckley and the National Review .
By the mid-1950s , much of the leadership of the Old Right was dead or in retirement .
Senator Taft and Colonel McCormick had died , and many of the right - wing congressmen had retired .
The conservative masses , for a long time short on intellectual leadership , were now lacking in political leadership as well .
An intellectual and power vacuum had developed on the Right , and rushing to fill it , in 1955 , were Bill Buckley , fresh from several years in the CIA , and National Review , an intelligent , well - written periodical staffed with ex-communists and ex-leftists eager to transform the Right from an isolationist movement into a crusade to crush the Soviet god that had failed them .
Also , Buckley 's writing style , while in those days often witty and sparkling , was rococo enough to give the reader the impression of profound thought , an impression redoubled by Bill 's habit of sprinkling his prose with French and Latin terms .
Very quickly , National Review became the dominant , if not the only , power center on the right - wing .
This power was reinforced by a brilliantly successful strategy ( perhaps guided by National Review editors trained in Marxist cadre tactics ) of creating front groups : Intercollegiate Studies Institute for college intellectuals , and Young Americans for Freedom for campus activists .
Moreover , lead by veteran Republican politico and National Review publisher Bill Rusher , the National Review complex was able to take over , in swift succession , the College Young Republicans , then the National Young Republicans , and finally to create a Goldwater movement in 1960 and beyond .
And so , with almost blitzkrieg swiftness , by the early 1960s , the new global crusading conservative movement , transformed and headed by Bill Buckley , was almost ready to take power in America .
But not quite , because first , all the various heretics of the Right — some left over from the Original Right — all the groups that were in any way radical or could deprive the new conservative movement of its much - desired respectability in the eyes of the liberal and centrist elite , all these had to be jettisoned .
Only such a denatured , respectable , nonradical , conserving right was worthy of power .
And so the purges began .
One after another , Buckley and the National Review purged and excommunicated all the radicals , all the nonrespectables .
Consider the roll call : isolationists ( such as John T. Flynn ) , anti-Zionists , libertarians , Ayn Randians , the John Birch Society , and all those who continued , like the early National Review , to dare to oppose Martin Luther King and the civil - rights revolution after Buckley had changed and decided to embrace it .
But if , by the middle and late 1960s , Buckley had purged the conservative movement of the genuine Right , he also hastened to embrace any group that proclaimed its hard anticommunism , or rather anti-Sovietism or anti-Stalinism .
And of course the first anti-Stalinists were the devotees of the martyred communist Leon Trotsky .
And so the conservative movement , while purging itself of genuine right - wingers , was happy to embrace anyone , any variety of Marxist : Trotskyites , Schachtmanites , Mensheviks , social democrats ( such as grouped around the magazine the New Leader ) , Lovestonite theoreticians of the American Federation of Labor , extreme right - wing Marxists like the incredibly beloved Sidney Hook — anyone who could present not antisocialist but suitably anti-Soviet , anti-Stalinist credentials .
The way was then paved for the final , fateful influx : that of the ex-Trotskyite , right - wing social democrat , democrat capitalist , Truman - Humphrey - Scoop Jackson liberals , displaced from their home in the Democratic party by the loony left that we know so well : the feminist , deconstructing , quota - loving , advanced victimological left .
And also , we should point out , at least a semi-isolationist , semi-antiwar left .
These displaced people are , of course , the famed neoconservatives , a tiny but ubiquitous group with Bill Buckley as their aging figurehead , now dominating the conservative movement .
Of the 35 neoconservatives , 34 seem to be syndicated columnists .
And so the neocons have managed to establish themselves as the only right - wing alternative to the Left .
The neocons now constitute the right - wing end of the ideological spectrum .
Of the respectable , responsible right wing , that is .
For the neocons have managed to establish the notion that anyone who might be to the right of them is , by definition , a representative of the forces of darkness , of chaos , Old Right , racism , and anti-Semitism .
At the very least .
So that 's how the dice have been loaded in our current political game .
And virtually the only prominent media exception , the only genuine rightist spokesman who has managed to escape neocon anathema has been Pat Buchanan .
It was time .
It was time to trot out the old master , the prince of excommunication , the self - anointed pope of the conservative movement , William F. Buckley , Jr. It was time for Bill to go into his old act , to save the movement that he had made over into his own image .
It was time for the man hailed by neocon Eric Breindel , in his newspaper column ( New York Post , Jan. 16 ) , as the " authoritative voice on the American right . "
It was time for Bill Buckley 's papal bull , his 40,000 - word Christmas encyclical to the conservative movement , " In Search of Anti-Semitism , " the screed solemnly invoked in the anti-Buchanan editorial of the New York Times .
The first thing to say about Buckley 's essay is that it is virtually unreadable .
Gone , all gone , is the wit and the sparkle .
Buckley 's tendency to the rococo has elongated beyond measure .
His prose is serpentine , involuted and convoluted , twisted and qualified , until virtually all sense is lost .
Reading the whole thing through is doing penance for one 's sins , and one can accomplish the task only if possessed by a stern sense of duty , as one grits one 's teeth and plows through a pile of turgid and pointless student term papers — which , indeed , Buckley 's essay matches in content , in learning , and in style .
Lest anyone think that my view of Buckley 's and National Review 's role in the past and present right wing merely reflects my own " paranoid style , " we turn to the only revealing art of the Buckley piece , the introduction by his acolyte John O'Sullivan , who , however , is at least still capable of writing a coherent sentence .
Here is John 's remarkable revelation of National Review 's self image : " Since its foundation , National Review has quietly played the role of conscience of the right . "
After listing a few of Buckley 's purges — although omitting isolationists , Randians , libertarians , and anti–civil rightsers — O'Sullivan gets to anti-Semites , and the need for wise judgment on the issue .
And then comes the revelation of Bill 's papal role : " Before pronouncing [ judgment , that is ] , we wanted to be sure , " and then he goes on : was there something substantial in the charges ?
" Was it a serious sin deserving ex-communication , an error inviting a paternal reproof , or something of both ? "
I 'm sure all the defendants in the dock appreciated the " paternal " reference : Papa Bill , the wise , stern , but merciful father of us all , dispensing judgment .
This statement of O'Sullivan 's is matched in chutzpah only by his other assertion in the introduction that his employer 's treatise is a " great read . "
For shame , John , for shame !
The only other point worth noting on the purges is Buckley 's own passage on exactly why he had found it necessary to excommunicate the John Birch Society ( O'Sullivan said it was because they were " cranks " ) .
In a footnote , Buckley admits that " the Birch society was never anti-Semitic , " but " it was a dangerous distraction to right reasoning and had to be exiled .
National Review , " Bill goes on , " accomplished exactly that . "
Well , my , my !
Exiled to outer Siberia !
And for the high crime of " distracting " pope William from his habitual contemplation of pure reason , a distraction that he never seems to suffer while skiing , yachting , or communing with John Kenneth Galbraith or Abe Rosenthal !
What a wondrous mind at work !
Merely to try to summarize Buckley 's essay is to give it far too much credit for clarity .
But , taking that risk , here 's the best I can do :
His long - time disciple and NR editor Joe Sobran is ( a ) certainly not an anti-Semite , but ( b ) is " obsessed with " and " cuckoo about " Israel , and ( c ) is therefore " contextually anti-Semitic , " whatever that may mean , and yet , worst of all , ( d ) he remains " unrepentant " ;
Pat Buchanan is not an anti-Semite , but he has said unacceptably anti-Semitic things , " probably " from an " iconoclastic temperament , " yet , curiously , Buchanan too remains unrepentant ; Gore Vidal is an anti-Semite , and the Nation , by presuming to publish Vidal 's article ( by the way , a hilarious one ) critical of Norman Podhoretz has revealed the Left 's increasing proclivity for anti-Semitism ; Buckley 's bully - boy disciples at Dartmouth Review are not anti-Semitic at all , but wonderful kids put upon by vicious leftists ; and Norman Podhoretz and Irving Kristol are wonderful , brilliant people , and it is " unclear " why anyone should ever want to criticize them , except possibly for reasons of anti-Semitism .
Gore Vidal and the Nation , absurdly treated in Bill 's article , can and do take care of themselves , in the Nation in a blistering counterattack in its January 6 – 13 issue .
On Buchanan and Sobran , there is nothing new , whether of fact or insight : it 's the same thin old junk , tiresomely rehashed .
Something , however , should be said about Buckley 's vicious treatment of Sobran , a personal and ideological disciple who has virtually worshipped his mentor for two decades .
Lashing out at a friend and disciple in public in this fashion , in order to propitiate Podhoretz and the rest , is odious and repellent : at the very least , we can say it is extremely tacky .
More importantly : Buckley 's latest encyclical may play well in the New York Times , but it 's not going to go down very well in the conservative movement .
The world is different now ; it is no longer 1958 .
National Review is no longer the monopoly power center on the Right .
There are new people , young people , popping up all over the place , Pat Buchanan for one , all the paleos for another , who frankly do n't give a fig for Buckley 's papal pronunciamentos .
The Original Right and all its heresies are back !
In fact , Bill Buckley is the Mikhail Gorbachev of the conservative movement .
Like Gorbachev , Bill goes on with his old act , but like Gorbachev , nobody trembles anymore , nobody bends the knee and goes into exile .
Nobody cares anymore — nobody , except the good old New York Times .
Bill Buckley should have accepted his banquet and stayed retired .
His comeback is going to be as successful as Mohammed Ali's .
When I was growing up , I found that the main argument against laissez - faire , and for socialism , was that socialism and communism were inevitable : " You ca n't turn back the clock ! " they chanted , " you ca n't turn back the clock . "
But the clock of the once - mighty Soviet Union , the clock of Marxism - Leninism , a creed that once mastered half the world , is not only turned back but lies dead and broken forever .
But we must not rest content with this victory .
For though Marxism - Bolshevism is gone forever , there still remains , plaguing us everywhere , its evil cousin : call it " soft Marxism , " " Marxism - Humanism , " " Marxism - Bernsteinism , " " Marxism - Trotskyism , " " Marxism - Freudianism , " well , let 's just call it " Menshevism , " or " social democracy . "
Social democracy is still here in all its variants , defining our entire respectable political spectrum , from advanced victimology and feminism on the Left over to neoconservatism on the Right .
We are now trapped , in America , inside a Menshevik fantasy , with the narrow bounds of respectable debate set for us by various brands of Marxists .
It is now our task , the task of the resurgent right , of the paleo movement , to break those bonds , to finish the job , to finish off Marxism forever .
One of the authors of the Daniel Bell volume says , in horror and astonishment , that the radical right intends to repeal the 20th century .
Heaven forfend !
Who would want to repeal the 20th century , the century of horror , the century of collectivism , the century of mass destruction and genocide , who would want to repeal that !
Well , we propose to do just that .
With the inspiration of the death of the Soviet Union before us , we now know that it can be done .
We shall break the clock of social democracy .
We shall break the clock of the Great Society .
We shall break the clock of the welfare state .
We shall break the clock of the New Deal .
We shall break the clock of Woodrow Wilson 's New Freedom and perpetual war .
We shall repeal the 20th century .
One of the most inspiring and wonderful sights of our time was to see the peoples of the Soviet Union rising up last year to tear down in their fury the statues of Lenin , to obliterate the Leninist legacy .
We , too , shall tear down all the statues of Franklin D. Roosevelt , of Harry Truman , of Woodrow Wilson , melt them down and beat them into plowshares and pruning hooks , and usher in a 21st century of peace , freedom , and prosperity .
*** This article was first published in 1992 , in the Rothbard - Rockwell Report .
If the financial regulation bill that passed the House last year becomes law , President Obama and his Treasury Secretary will acquire the right to take over any financial institution they wish to , provided that , in their sole opinion , it is both “ too big to fail ” and on the brink of insolvency .
The House bill provides for no judicial review and does not require any objective evidence of imminent failure to trigger the takeover provisions .
Once the government takes over such a company , it will acquire the right to replace the entire board of directors , fire the management of the company , wipe out stockholder equity and even sell off divisions of the company .
ADVERTISEMENT
Essentially , this bill permits the government to launch an unfriendly takeover of any financial institution it wishes without risk and with no poison pill or other counter - measures possible .
This legislation , essentially , confers on the federal government police powers that , under our system , are the exclusive preserve of state and local government .
The blank check the bill gives the feds to take over any financial institution is really more of an exercise of eminent domain than it is an extension of traditional federal regulatory power .
This grant of power to the executive branch is unprecedented and potentially totalitarian .
Consider :
• Will Obama , or any future president , target companies that are particularly vocal in their opposition to his policies or generous in funding his political opponents ?
Will the fact that Obama would have this power force companies , investors , CEOs and managers to self - censor their opinions and political involvement because they fear the wrath of a vengeful president ?
• Will this grant of authority force companies to hesitate before they grow and expand ?
Will it function the same way the antitrust powers of the Justice Department do in making companies re-examine mergers and acquisitions with a view toward what Justice will think of their resulting market share ?
In antitrust situations , where a specific action brings companies under scrutiny — like a merger — such concern is not unreasonable .
But when the simple act of making money , showing a profit and expanding in size puts a company in federal crosshairs , does this not have the potential to attenuate the capitalist focus on growth ?
• In an environment where the feds are looking over the shoulder of every financial institution to see if they should take it over and shut it down , will this not force financial companies to follow the most risk - averse lending policies possible ?
Does n’t this mean that it only makes sense to buy government paper , since consumer loans , mortgages and business lending could be considered risky and lead to a federal takeover ?
Is n’t this policy precisely the opposite of what we need to catalyze economic growth ?
• In a political world where contributions from financial institutions are sought and widely given , does n’t this power give the president and his party unlimited fundraising ability , simply by baring its teeth and showing the power it has to take anybody over and fire anybody ?
Given the fact that Goldman - Sachs was the second - largest donor to Obama ’s campaign , giving $ 954,795 , does n’t this new power raise the specter that the federal government could take over financial institutions so as to make the competition lighter for its donors ?
Already , there is considerable evidence ( cited in our new book , 2010 : Take Back America — A Battle Plan ) that Goldman profited handsomely from the decision of its former CEO — Bush ’s Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson — to allow Lehman Brothers to fail .
Now that the Treasury secretary will have the takeover power , might it not be used as irresponsibly and with as many bad consequences as Paulson used his power in the Lehman crisis ?
While the focus on the regulatory bill has been on the consumer protection provisions , which I tend to support , there has been far less scrutiny on these horrific expansions of federal power .
Fidel Castro and Hugo Chavez could only dream of this power .
Morris , a former adviser to Sen. Trent Lott ( R - Miss . ) and President Bill Clinton William ( Bill ) Jefferson ClintonNew poll finds Biden narrowly leading Trump in Georgia Changing the climate of presidential debates Davis :
My advice to Joe Biden on eve of the debate — be Joe Biden MORE , is the author of Outrage and Fleeced .
To get all of his and Eileen McGann ’s columns for free by e-mail or to order a signed copy of their best - selling book , Catastrophe , go to dickmorris.com .
In August , Morris became a strategist for the League of American Voters , which is running ads opposing the president ’s healthcare reforms .
Morris ’s new book , 2010 : Take Back America — A Battle Plan , is released this week .
In a closed theatre at Konami ’s Gamers Night 2010 ; the arguable king - franchise of terror unveiled a teaser trailer for what is undoubtedly the next Silent Hill game .
Unfortunately with the theatre being closed , we do n’t have the actual teaser itself to show you .
But we ’re being told that a character with a striking resemblance to James Sunderland from Silent Hill 2 made a prominent appearance .
As of right now we ’re missing a lot of information on the upcoming game , like title and developer .
But the teaser ended with promise of more information at E3 2010 .
Another point of note is that Akira Yamaoka , the famed composer of the series wo n’t be returning , having gone off to work for Grasshopper Manufacture .
So EG ’s what does this tell you ?
Is this a new remake in the same vane as Shattered Memories , this time on Silent Hill 2 ?
Or is it simply an entirely new entry in the series ?
The owl who is afraid of HEIGHTS ... and refuses to soar more than six - feet off the ground
For a Tawny
Owl with a yardwide wingspan , the sky should be the limit .
But Troy prefers his bird 's eye view to be no higher than 5ft 10in .
The one - year - old has an inconvenient phobia : he 's terrified of heights .
After an unfortunate start in life when he fell from his nest , Troy was raised in captivity by handler Gareth Tonen , who just happens to be 5ft 10in tall .
What a chicken ! :
Troy the tawny owl will not fly any higher than his handler , Gareth Tonen , pictured , who is 5ft 10in tall
As a result , Troy has grown up without any lofty aspirations of his own .
When it comes to trees , he can't see what all the fuss is about and would much prefer to cruise along at Mr Tonen 's side .
Only when the 25 - year - old handler shins up a tree at the Hawk Conservancy Trust in Andover , Hampshire , can Troy be tempted to leave his comfort zone and join him .
Ashley Smith , chief executive of the Trust , said Troy 's apparent fear of heights was a result of forgetting how to be a bird .
He said : ' He 's been in captivity for as long as he can remember and has never been higher than his handler can lift him .
' He sees himself as more of a human than an owl , he does n't know how to sit in trees or hunt .
' Gareth has to almost act like an owl to get Troy to behave like one . '
As a result , a daily tree climb has become part of Troy 's - and Mr Tonen 's - routine .
Ladders have been fixed so Mr Tonen can scramble into the trees and call for Troy , who will fly up and join his handler - but go no higher .
Most of the time he will then fly down again , but occasionally Mr Tonen will have to carry him back to ground level .
The afternoon is rounded off with a meal of mouse , rabbit or , if Troy is lucky , his favourite , chicken .
In a flap :
Troy stares nervously down at Mr Tonen from his precarious perch
Low flier :
Troy copies his handler Gareth , who has taken to climbing trees to encourage Troy to fly high
Mr Tonen said : ' I do n't think he even knows he's an owl - he thinks he 's a Gareth .
He sees himself as a small person rather than an owl .
He now looks upon me as his mum and dad rolled into one .
March 2 , 2010
If Barack Obama and the Democrats want to find the explanation for the comeback of the right wing over the past year , they can start by looking in the mirror .
AFTER TWO straight national elections in which the Republicans took a beating , the largest Democratic majority since the 1970s looked set to shift American mainstream politics away from three decades of conservative domination .
The American right looked small , irrelevant to the concerns of most Americans , and likely to spend years in the political " wilderness . "
That was a year ago .
Today 's situation could n't be more different .
While President Barack Obama remains more popular than unpopular , there is a widespread -- and accurate -- perception that his administration has lost momentum and authority .
The liberal pundit E.J. Dionne put it in stark terms in a February 18 Washington Post commentary : " If you want to be honest , face these facts :
At this moment , President Obama is losing , Democrats are losing and liberals are losing .
Who 's winning ?
Republicans , conservatives , the practitioners of obstruction and the Tea Party . "
Opinion polls predict a Republican comeback in the 2010 midterm elections this November .
It 's no longer a conservative fantasy to think that the GOP , largely discredited and rejected only a short time ago , could retake Congress in 2010 .
Political momentum lies with the right .
Columnist : Lance Selfa Lance Selfa is the author of The Democrats : A Critical History , a socialist analysis of the Democratic Party , and editor of The Struggle for Palestine , a collection of essays by leading solidarity activists .
He is on the editorial board of the International Socialist Review .
The media and the political establishment 's characterize the national political mood as a " populist " backlash against the elites and the banks .
But incredibly , the political right -- e.g. , the tea party " movement " -- appears to have a corner on that mood , at least according to the media .
What happened ?
The " centrist , " pro-business Obama administration failed to meet the expectations of millions of people , but it succeeded in neutering most opposition to its left .
This created a political vacuum that the formerly discredited right wing has rushed to fill .
In Congress , the Republicans are banking on the two - party system 's in - built tendency to make every election a negative referendum on the party in power -- in essence , to give the electorate a chance to " throw the bums out , " rather than make a positive endorsement of the party out of power .
So far , this has proven to be an effective strategy for the GOP .
Republicans assumed -- so far correctly -- that if they could obstruct government action , this would contribute to a sense among the population that " Washington " -- and , by extension , the Democrats who run Washington -- is ineffectual and unconcerned with solving ordinary people 's problems .
The resulting discontent and cynicism -- replacing November 2008 's sense of hope and expectation - - can only rebound to the Republicans ' benefit .
Tea Party protesters marching in Washington as part of Glenn Beck 's 9 - 12 initiative ( Andrew Aliferis )
The results of the January special Senate election in Massachusetts illustrate this .
One in five people who voted for Republican Scott Brown had voted for Obama in 2008 , according to surveys -- and post-election polling by the AFL - CIO found that Brown voters supported him because they felt Washington was n't doing enough ( rather than doing " too much " ) to help them .
If this sense that the Democrats in power have been incompetent takes hold through the rest of the year , the Republicans will win big in November .
This would n't be an endorsement of the Republicans ' free - market platform or opposition to Obama 's " socialist policies " so much as an expression of frustration at Democratic failure .
NO ONE can deny that there is a political shift rightward among some parts of the population .
The ruination of a part of the middle class and a real underemployment rate of almost 17 percent has pushed a section of people to embrace right - wing ideas .
Note David Barstow 's New York Times account of how a long - time far - right activist described his newfound audience :
He said he has found audiences everywhere struggling to make sense of why they were wiped out last year .
These audiences , he said , are far more receptive to critiques once dismissed as paranoia .
It is no longer considered all that radical , he said , to portray the Federal Reserve as a plaything of the big banks -- a point the Birch Society , among others , has argued for decades .
People are more willing , he said , to imagine a government that would lock up political opponents , or ration health care with " death panels , " or fake global warming .
And if global warming is a fraud , is it so crazy to wonder about a president 's birth certificate ?
It 's worth noting that these right - wingers can build support on the basis of a true statement that the left would agree with -- the Federal Reserve is a " plaything " of the big banks -- but spin this into the bizarro world of " birtherism . "
These anecdotes aside , the size and spontaneity of the tea party movement are much exaggerated -- and purposely so , by its supporters .
As SocialistWorker.org 's Nicole Colson recently showed , the majority of active tea party members are conservatives who mostly vote Republican and who have been mobilized by a group of long - time Washington lobbyists , right - wing media outlets like Fox News and conservative activists .
Still , it 's important to remember that the tea partiers , like the Christian Right , represent a vocal minority in the country .
A February CNN poll estimated that 11 percent of the population reported some level of active support for the tea party movement .
But polling expert Mark Blumenthal , reviewing the CNN survey , noted that most people overestimate their political participation when talking to pollsters , so " a literal interpretation of these statistics is not recommended . "
A February 11 Washington Post / ABC
News poll found 35 percent of people approving of the tea party movement , with 40 percent disapproving .
Even more noteworthy is the fact that 71 percent of Americans in the same poll viewed the tea partiers ' favored Republican candidate , Sarah Palin , as unqualified to be president .
Even 51 percent of Republicans think Palin is unqualified .
Nevertheless , the views of the tea party minority are magnified for a couple of reasons .
First , they , unlike major liberal organizations tied to the White House , have staged protests that allowed some of the " populist rage " in the country to express itself .
Second , they have the backing of major conservative institutions like the Republican Party and Fox News .
Contrast that to the liberal organizations the White House has pressured to " get in line . "
As November approaches , the media and much of the left will be filled with commentary -- some of it likely to be hysterical - - about how U.S. politics has turned to the right .
We 'll hear all the old crap about how America remains a " center - right nation , " how Americans can't overcome racism to support a Black president , and the like .
While this will cause disorientation among the broad left and force much of it back into the camp of Obama and the Democrats for the election , we should n't lose sight of the bigger picture .
Republican officials have no intention of allowing tea party activists to take over their party .
But they are happy to fan the flames of the " tea party rebellion " if it provides them with a battering ram against the Democrats and some votes in November .
If Democrats wonder how the promise that began in 2009 turned into a possible debacle in 2010 , they should n't ask " what 's the matter with Kansas ? "
If they want to find the explanation for the right 's comeback , they should start by looking in the mirror .
I have covered a lot of cool stuff over my 25 - plus years as a photojournalist .
I have covered 10 U.S. Open golf tournaments , been to the Masters 4 times and played Augusta National .
I have gone up in 2 blimps for shoots and ridden with game wardens in those cool little helicopters .
I covered protests and Presidential speeches and have met countless famous people and some really neat not - so - famous ones .
So , I have done some pretty neat shit , but I do n’t care how much you have shot and seen as a photographer , your first trip to the home of the leader of the free world is going to be pretty cool .
I was covering the signing of the Health Care Reform Bill by President Obama at the White House .
My first trip .
It was quite nerve racking since you want to make sure that you are not looking like a tourist and your not doing anything you are not supposed to do .
Of course everyone else there for the most part had been there before .
Hell , the NYT intern has been there probably 10 times !
So I was the virgin of the day .
But regardless , everyone was quite nice and helpful .
The first step was getting in the gate , and as of 7:00 a.m. , I had not received the email from the press office granting my clearance .
After checking in at the gate , they did n’t have my name either .
It was time to send some emails .
My email to the press office was replied to promptly and after giving them the required information about me and my purpose for seeking access , within 15 minutes I had clearance and was going though security .
Once I was scanned and cleared , I got directions to the press facility and I was officially on the grounds of the White House .
Then it was the waiting game until the press officer gave us the clearance to enter the White House to stake out our positions in the East Room for the signing ceremony .
While waiting , it was obvious very quickly that most everyone had something I did not , a ladder .
Some had smaller stepladders .
Some had bigger ones .
But most had one and it was not real apparent to me yet as to why they .
Even though I had figured there would be spectators there , I figured they would be seated .
Well I was right , but apparently they also like to stand and applaud .
A LOT .
( You would think that after watching countless State of the Union Addresses , I would have thought about it . )
OK .
Do n’t panic .
Just get a position in front of one of the guys on the ladder and do your best .
Right ?
We get the word to enter and set up so in we go .
Things where not looking good for a decent shooting position but I spied a spot in front of the television cameras right in the middle of the room .
I was shocked .
How could this spot be free ?
Well mainly because it was in front of the riser with the only TV camera that was suppling the live feed .
The all - important pool camera .
One of the veteran photographers that I talked with a lot at the Capitol told me that it was not likely that I would be allowed to stay there , but I figured I would chance it and began the PR campaign with the cameraman .
I told him that under no circumstances would I sit , bump , lean on or touch the riser or the tripod .
TV guys are real touchy about cameras that move when shooting .
I do n’t blame them .
After all , I hate to see jumpy video when I am watching the news .
He did not seem to mind me being there so I figured I had won most of the battle to remain .
Then the moment of truth came .
The press officer came by about 10 minutes before the event was about to begin .
She was very nice .
She asked the TV cameraman if he was cool , and then went on to explain that if I or the other woman who had now come to share the spot bumped the riser or the tripod or otherwise made the TV guy ’s life miserable , that we would be removed and there would be a very public execution .
She was nice , but firm .
I assured her that there would be not problems .
So there I was in a prime spot , directly in front of the podium where the President and Vice President would speak and a direct shot at the table where the signing would occur … .
PROVIDED PEOPLE STAYED SEATED ….
RIGHT !
Actually , it worked out pretty well .
Sure there where some missed shots , but I felt pretty good about what I got .
If anyone is interested , you can see the selects from the event on my PhotoShelter Archive ( CLICK HERE ) .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert says , " The math clearly shows that our project wo n't work , even if we do everything right . "
The Boss says , " It 's embarrassing to cancel a project in the middle .
Let 's act dumb and hope someone in upper management cancels it for budget reasons . "
Dilbert says , " Should I stop buying stuff ? "
The Boss says , " You should buy twice as much . "
By Sean Coughlan
BBC News
From playhouse to the House of Commons - a manifesto for play Children 's access to safe places to play should be treated as a serious political issue , say campaigners promoting the right to play .
Play England has issued a manifesto - including demands for a 20 mph ( 32 km / h ) speed limit in residential areas .
A survey for the charity says 83 % of adults want the government to promote policies to help children have more opportunities for outdoor play .
Charity director Adrian
Voce says play is a " serious issue for voters " .
The group 's campaign follows concerns that too many children are denied the opportunity for independent outside play .
Playing out Fears over children 's safety and worries about traffic have caused " play deprivation " , with children stuck inside and ferried between activities , according to campaigners .
They quote a survey finding that " 71 % of adults used to play near their home every day when they were a child compared to only 21 % of children today " .
And there have been concerns about the loss of play areas , with the number of adventure playgrounds in London having halved since the 1980s .
Play England , part of the National Children 's Bureau and funded by the lottery , wants the availability of safe play areas for children to be recognised as an important aspect of children 's well - being .
" There is a tendency to think of children 's play as something that is n't a matter for government , but the modern world has erected many barriers to something that used be taken for granted , with growing consequences for children 's health and development , " said Mr Voce .
" Government policy on planning , housing , transport and public health - as well as education and childcare - can have a big impact .
" Communities where children can play in freedom and safety are happy , healthy communities .
We want to know what each of the parties will do for children 's play if they are elected , " he said .
Child - friendly Play England has called for three pledges from political parties at the forthcoming election .
It wants " to make all residential neighbourhoods child - friendly places where children can play outside " .
This would include the introduction of 20 mph speed limits in residential streets .
And it would mean designing public spaces in a way that allows them to be used for play , including safe access routes for children .
The second pledge is : " To give all children the time and opportunity to play throughout childhood . "
This would mean encouraging schools to maintain time for play and to protect outdoor play spaces .
The third pledge is : " To give all children somewhere to play - in freedom and safety - after school and in the holidays . "
The charity says that this is a call for children to be provided with staffed outdoor play areas , including at after - school clubs and in school holidays .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tensions are rising over Chinese economic policy , and rightly so : China ’s policy of keeping its currency , the renminbi , undervalued has become a significant drag on global economic recovery .
Something must be done .
To give you a sense of the problem : Widespread complaints that China was manipulating its currency  selling renminbi and buying foreign currencies , so as to keep the renminbi weak and China ’s exports artificially competitive  began around 2003 .
At that point China was adding about $ 10 billion a month to its reserves , and in 2003 it ran an overall surplus on its current account  a broad measure of the trade balance  of $ 46 billion .
Today , China is adding more than $ 30 billion a month to its $ 2.4 trillion hoard of reserves .
The International Monetary Fund expects China to have a 2010 current surplus of more than $ 450 billion  10 times the 2003 figure .
This is the most distortionary exchange rate policy any major nation has ever followed .
And it ’s a policy that seriously damages the rest of the world .
Most of the world ’s large economies are stuck in a liquidity trap  deeply depressed , but unable to generate a recovery by cutting interest rates because the relevant rates are already near zero .
China , by engineering an unwarranted trade surplus , is in effect imposing an anti-stimulus on these economies , which they ca n’t offset .
Australian scientists have shown that humans can detect a sixth taste : fat .
And it appears that those people who are highly sensitive to the taste of fat tend to eat less of it , and have significantly lower body mass indexes .
Using a series of taste - testing experiments , researchers from Deakin University have found that humans can identify the taste of fat by its chemical composition , rather than by its texture .
Tongue test ... people who can taste fat tend to eat less of it .
The findings could lead to new ways of treating obesity .
The lead researcher , Russell Keast , said : '' Fat has a very nice mouth feel to it [ but it ] appears that fat is activating something in the oral cavity independent of texture . ''
A music - industry speaker at an American Chamber of Commerce event in Stockholm waxed enthusiastic about child porn , because it serves as the perfect excuse for network censorship , and once you 've got a child - porn filter , you can censor anything :
" Child pornography is great , " the speaker at the podium declared enthusiastically .
" It is great because politicians understand child pornography .
By playing that card , we can get them to act , and start blocking sites .
And once they have done that , we can get them to start blocking file sharing sites " .
The venue was a seminar organized by the American Chamber of Commerce in Stockholm on May 27 , 2007 , under the title " Sweden — A Safe Haven for Pirates ? " .
The speaker was Johan Schlüter from the Danish Anti-Piracy Group , a lobby organization for the music and film industry associations , like IFPI and others …
" One day we will have a giant filter that we develop in close cooperation with IFPI and MPA .
We continuously monitor the child porn on the net , to show the politicians that filtering works .
Child porn is an issue they understand , " Johan Schlüter said with a grin , his whole being radiating pride and enthusiasm from the podium .
Romance , not fiction : Liam Hemsworth is Miley Cyrus ' Last Song co-star , and her boyfriend in real life .
Enlarge Touchstone Pictures Fiction , not romance : Nicholas Sparks is the author of The Last Song and screenwriter for the film version , featuring Miley Cyrus , who is transitioning from Hannah Montana to more mature roles .
SPARKS BY THE NUMBERS SPARKS BY THE NUMBERS Enlarge
8 : The number of his books that have hit No. 1 on USA TODAY 's Best - Selling Books list , starting with The Notebook in 1996
1 and 2 : His current ranking on USA TODAY 's list , with two paperback movie tie - in editions : The Last Song at No. 1 and Dear John at No. 2
61 million :
The total number of copies in print of Sparks ' books in the USA
6 : The number that have been made into movies , including The Last Song
$ 294 million : His total U.S. box - office take
The number of his books that have hit No. 1 on USA TODAY 's Best - Selling Books list , starting within 1996 His current ranking on USA TODAY 's list , with two paperback movie tie - in editions : at No. 1 andat No. 2 The total number of copies in print of Sparks ' books in the USAThe number that have been made into movies , including His total U.S. box - office take By Anthony Breznican
By Anthony Breznican LOS ANGELES  Nicholas Sparks has no love for people who call his stories " romances . "
The mega - best - selling author of The Notebook , A Walk to Remember , Nights in Rodanthe , Dear John and Message in a Bottle stands in the aisle of Book Soup , literally and figuratively defending his turf .
" If you look for me , I 'm in the fiction section .
Romance has its own section , " he says toward the end of a long conversation .
Sunshine streams in from Sunset Boulevard .
He 's smiling .
Hard .
" I do n't write romance novels . "
His preferred terminology : " Love stories — it 's a very different genre .
I would be rejected if I submitted any of my novels as romance novels . "
Rejection is n't something he has had to deal with lately .
Sparks holds the No. 1 and No. 2 positions on USA TODAY 's Best - Selling Books list with The Last Song , a novel turned movie vehicle for Miley Cyrus , and Dear John , recently released as a movie with Amanda Seyfried and Channing Tatum .
The Last Song movie , opening March 31 , features Cyrus as a morose piano prodigy , reluctantly spending the summer with her estranged , dying father ( Greg Kinnear ) .
Cyrus ' real - life boyfriend , Aussie actor Liam Hemsworth , 20 , plays a kid who falls for her .
They met on the shoot , which means Sparks is a matchmaker of sorts .
When Cyrus joins Sparks in the stacks at Book Soup , he asks about her weekend : " What 'd you do for fun ?
Out with Liam ? "
Cyrus smiles widely .
" At first , he was working , so I was cute , " she says .
" I went and got him coffee , bought him an Elvis CD and went and gave it to him at the photo shoot . "
Sparks sighs .
The North Carolina native spent his time watching football in his hotel room .
Hollywood has been good to Sparks , and now he 's returning the favor , crafting both the novel and the screenplay for The Last Song as a steppingstone for the Disney super - starlet , now 17 , as she transitions from Hannah Montana , which is shooting its final season , to more mature roles .
Despite his status , Sparks , 44 , says he alone was not enough to get the movie made .
He told Disney about the story idea , and the studio expressed interest in it as a vehicle for Cyrus — but there were still a lot of maybes .
" It was not greenlit from the moment they got me on the project .
She had to like it at the end , and Disney had to like it at the end . "
Nothing personal , but … Cyrus confesses that , well , she never finished the novel , originally published in hardcover last September .
" With the book , I 've only gotten through part of The Last Song , " Cyrus says sheepishly .
" Because the movie started first . "
Sparks feigns being stricken , but then says : " I do n't know if I ever watched a Hannah Montana show .
... Nothing personal .
My daughters do every day . " " ' Nothing personal .
I just hate her show , ' " Cyrus says , laughing and mocking his voice .
The Last Song ended up being tailored to her tastes .
" It 's got things I would like , " Cyrus says .
" Even the name — I picked ' Ronnie ' for my granddad .
Things like that .
But it was not written to make it easy for me , either . "
The character is musical , but she 's not singing Party in the USA .
" She did n't want to sing , " says Sparks , who wrote her instead as a classical pianist .
Ronnie actually seems like the type of girl who used to be a big Hannah Montana fan herself , but not anymore .
" Exactly ! " Cyrus says with a laugh .
" Anything that would make her parents happy is something she does n't want to do . "
And though The Last Song is not as squeaky - clean as her Disney Channel show , the PG - rated movie is still very " chaste " ( Sparks ' word ) .
" My own opinion is : dark — easy to write .
Easy ! " he says .
" I find no challenge in it . "
Instead , he aims for the hopeful , which may be what his fans love .
If Stephen King injects magic and the supernatural into a secular , disbelieving world , and John Grisham provides people in suits with a pulse of adventure , Sparks may be filling the holes in the hearts of those who just want a little more love in their lives .
He wrinkles his nose at the theory .
" Mmmmm , OK , " he says .
" I think , above all , the characters in my novels feel universal to the readers .
I feel as if , when they read them , they can feel — for instance , if you take The Last Song — that ' I know a 17 - year - old like Ronnie . '
And these characters are by no means perfect , but when the going gets rough , they do the right thing .
People want to say , ' I would do that . ' "
His tales also tend to be punctuated by death .
In Nights in Rodanthe , which was made into a film last year with Diane Lane and Richard Gere , a middle - aged woman leaves her husband to oversee a beachside bed - and - breakfast , only to fall for a doctor who is trying to get over the accidental death of a patient .
Love blossoms , but ... tragedy intervenes , adding a sheen of nobility that tugs the heartstrings a little harder than " happily ever after . "
Cyrus says the threat of loss in The Last Song makes the viewer or reader feel good while feeling sad .
" It is melodramatic , " she says .
" But there is a sense of celebration , too .
Even though it is tragic , we still celebrate a life . "
Pardon the interruption Sparks says : " I 'm going to interrupt you there .
There 's a difference between drama and melodrama ; evoking genuine emotion , or manipulating emotion .
It 's a very fine eye - of - the - needle to thread .
And it 's very rare that it works .
That 's why I tend to dominate this particular genre .
There is this fine line .
And I do not verge into melodrama .
It 's all drama .
I try to generate authentic emotional power . "
But , well , he always does kill someone by the end of his tales , usually to maximum handkerchief effect .
" Of course ! " Sparks says .
" I write in a genre that was not defined by me .
The examples were not set out by me .
They were set out 2,000 years ago by Aeschylus , Sophocles and Euripides .
They were called the Greek tragedies .
A thriller is supposed to thrill .
A horror novel is supposed to scare you .
A mystery is supposed to keep you turning the pages , guessing ' whodunit ? '
" A romance novel is supposed to make you escape into a fantasy of romance .
What is the purpose of what I do ?
These are love stories .
They went from ( Greek tragedies ) , to Shakespeare 's Romeo and Juliet , then Jane Austen did it , put a new human twist on it .
Hemingway did it with A Farewell to Arms . "
That 's one of his favorites , and he points it out as he walks the aisles of the bookstore .
" Hemingway .
See , they 're recommending The Garden of Eden , and I read that .
It was published after he was dead .
It 's a weird story about this honeymoon couple , and a third woman gets involved .
Uh , it 's not my cup of tea . "
Sparks pulls the one beside it off the shelf .
" A Farewell to Arms , by Hemingway .
Good stuff .
That 's what I write , " he says , putting it back .
" That 's what I write . "
Cormac McCarthy ?
" Horrible , " he says , looking at Blood Meridian .
" This is probably the most pulpy , overwrought , melodramatic cowboy vs. Indians story ever written . "
Even hearing a passage about a sunset in which " the mountains in their blue islands stood footless in the void like floating temples " does n't sway him .
Cyrus pipes up : " The Catcher in the Rye .
That 's my favorite book . "
She smiles .
J.D. Salinger 's classic may be , by law , every 17 - year - old 's favorite book .
Sparks ' favorite tale of youth ?
" I think A Walk to Remember , " he says , citing his own novel .
" That 's my version of a coming - of - age . "
He pauses and adds : " You have to sayTo Kill a Mockingbird is an all - time classic . "
Any he thinks are overrated ?
" I do n't like to say bad things about others . "
Except McCarthy ?
" He deserves it , " Spark says with a laugh .
Asked what he likes in his own genre , Sparks replies : " There are no authors in my genre .
No one is doing what I do . "
When others ( James Patterson ? ) are suggested to him , he keeps his lips pursed .
Sparks has been married to his wife , Cathy , since 1989 , and they have five children .
So when your business is love stories , is it hard to maintain that image with a wife who sometimes sees you sitting around , unshaven , eating pizza and watching a football game ?
" No , my wife and I are best friends , " he says .
And you can't always be a living romance novel .
There 's that word again Sparks cringes at the word : romance .
But since it comes up again , is n't he kind of splitting hairs with this whole " love story " vs. " romance " thing ?
" No , it 's the difference between Cinderella and Romeo and Juliet , " he says .
" ( Romances ) are all essentially the same story :
You 've got a woman , she 's down on her luck , she meets the handsome stranger who falls desperately in love with her , but he 's got these quirks , she must change him , and they have their conflicts , and then they end up happily ever after . "
Some might say that 's the plot to Nights in Rodanthe , apart from the happy ending .
Sparks disagrees .
" No , the themes in love stories are different .
In mine , you never know if it 's going to be a happy ending , sad ending , bittersweet or tragic .
You read a romance because you know what to expect .
You read a love story because you do n't know what to expect . "
Is it annoying when someone does n't see the distinction ?
" Uh , no , " he says .
" But it has been a struggle . "
When the interview is over , he has a question of his own .
" You going to call it a romance novel ? " he asks .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Description
Code highlighting for Django html files :
Django tags / blocks
Django variables and filters
HTML tags
Inner JavaScript / jQuery - simple highlighting
Inner CSS - simple highlighting
Outline View
Content Assist
Ctrl+ / comments - new
Installation
http://eclipse.kacprzak.org/updates
Issues
Contribute
Django templates syntax coloring support for Eclipse .
Define pagein Eclipse : Enjoy it !
Now you can log ideas and problems on django - editor issues page .
If you want to contribute and improve this plugin , please visit django - editor project
Prichard Alabama declared bankruptcy on October 28 , 2009 over pension obligations .
Since then pensioners have not been paid .
Now a bankruptcy court has given the city two more months to figure out how to do so .
Let 's backtrack to the beginning .
Please consider Prichard files for bankruptcy protection again .
Wednesday , October 28 , 2009
The city of Prichard filed for bankruptcy Tuesday in an attempt to cope with the debt created by fighting lawsuits and addressing the demands of unpaid and agitated retired city employees .
The Chapter 9 filing marks the second time in a decade that the city declared it was out of money .
Mayor Ron Davis , who just two years ago helped the city pay off its creditors from the 1999 bankruptcy , blamed the latest financial crisis in part on a flawed municipal pension plan .
The filing came a day before Davis and the city Finance Director Rex Williams were slated to be deposed by attorneys representing the pensioners in a lawsuit filed in August .
With the filing , that testimony will be put on hold , along with any other litigation pending against the city .
" After careful review of all of our options , bankruptcy protection seems to be the only solution left at this time , " Davis said in a statement released Tuesday afternoon .
" Over the past 50 years , the pension plan was amended by the Legislature more than fifteen times , and always the economic burden on the City was increased .
This has been a long - term problem that was unfortunately inherited by this administration .
" After several lawsuits filed by pensioners , it has forced us to come to this decision , one that will protect the city and its residents , " Davis ' statement added .
Pensioners Have Received No Checks For Six Months
A bankruptcy court judge has given the City of Prichard two more months to figure out how they will pay retired city workers .
Prichard pensioners have gone six months without a pension check .
Prichard is operating under the protection of Title IX Bankruptcy , and for many people , that means no promised pension payments .
After six months with no pay , Prichard pensioners put their faith into the courts .
They hoped a judge would force the city to pay some , if not all , of the pension money it owes .
Prichard Demographics
Rule Number One
If it 's scary , why are you doing this ?
What 's alarming is that several lawmakers are on board with this proposal , although reading between lines it looks dubious it could actually pass the state legislature and become law , especially since -- and I 'm not sure how this could have happened -- the governor of Oklahoma is a Democrat .
Still , you never know what can happen when an idea gets rolling .
It seems to me that if the citizens of Oklahoma think Washington is overextending its power , there are other solutions -- at the ballot box in 2010 and 2012 , for example .
Has Oklahoma City , of all places , forgotten what happened the last time somebody there stood up to claim he was not rolling over for the federal government ?
By Bethany Bell
BBC News , Vienna
Kim Jong-il is known for his love of drinking and fine dining A former North Korean colonel , Kim Jong - ryul , has described how he spent two decades shopping in Europe for the dictatorship in Pyongyang .
His story is the subject of a new book published in Austria , where the colonel says he has lived under cover since his defection in 1994 .
Colonel Kim Jong - ryul says he spent 20 years doing business in Europe for the North Korean regime .
His story is told in a new book , At the Dictator 's Service .
In the book , he says Vienna was one of his regular destinations - the hub for his shopping sprees .
He says he bought everything from spy technology and weapons to luxury goods like carpets , sidestepping the trade embargoes .
WHO IS KIM JONG -IL ?
N Korea 's " Dear Leader " is a reclusive character , at the centre of an elaborate personality cult Succeeded his father Kim Il- sung , founder of North Korea , who died in 1994 Mr Kim is seen in the West as both a master manipulator , and delusional madman
He has a reputation as a drinker , a playboy and a hypochondriac
Rumours provide wake - up call N Korea 's secretive ' first family '
Profile : Kim Jong-il
The book describes the deep divide between the lavish lifestyles of North Korea 's leaders - and the poverty of its people .
Colonel Kim says it was this injustice that led him to fake his own death in 1994 and defect to Austria .
Now he says he is risking his life by going public .
He fears that the North Korean secret services will hunt him down and hurt his family back in North Korea .
But he says he has no regrets about breaking his silence .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
J.D. Hayworth has claimed tea party support , but major tea party leaders in Arizona say they are n't endorsing anyone .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO Tea parties hold out on Hayworth
The leaders of Arizona ’s four largest tea parties announced Monday they ’re not endorsing in the state ’s Senate race , a blow to the movement ’s supposed darling , former Republican Rep. J.D. Hayworth .
The joint statement from the Tucson Tea Party , the Greater Phoenix Tea Party , the Flagstaff Tea Party and the Mohave County Tea Party declared that any endorsement would not be “ appropriate . ”
Advertisement
“ We stand for principles and ideas , not for politicians or parties , ” said Patrick Beck , organizer of the Mohave County Tea Party .
“ Our mission is to promote constitutional government and fiscal responsibility and to inform people so that they can make their own decisions . ”
“ It is not appropriate to make an endorsement in this race at the drop of a hat , as some other groups are doing , ” added Kelly Townsend of the Greater Phoenix Tea Party .
“ The movement must stand for ideas and do everything possible to provide information to people so that they can make the best personal decisions . ”
Since announcing his GOP primary campaign against four - term Sen. John McCain , Hayworth has claimed tea party support .
But in their statements Monday , the tea party organizers made clear they do n’t identify him as their leader .
“ The tea party is a non-partisan , grassroots movement that stands for limited government , free markets and fiscal responsibility .
Both McCain and Hayworth ’s records during their many years in Washington leave much to be desired on these issues , ” said Robert Mayer of the Tucson Tea Party .
“ It is their job to hold themselves up to these values and fight for our votes . ”
Hey , a common - sense decision -- unanimous , no less -- from a Texas appeals court .
Via Austin Legal :
The Austin appeals court erred in deciding that the state ’s money - laundering statute - used to prosecute associates of former U.S. House Majority Leader Tom DeLay - did not apply to transfers made via checks , the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals ruled today .
The court ’s 9 - 0 decision also upheld the state ’s election laws prohibiting corporations from making political contributions to candidates .
DeLay ’s associates - John Colyandro and Jim Ellis - had challenged the law as an unconstitutional infringement on First Amendment right .
Nice to know there are limits somewhere on First Amendment rights .
I can almost understand the logic behind the Supreme Court 's ruling about issue - based contributions , but candidates ?
Not so much .
Glad to see it fail .
The issue in this case centered around a big check exchange between the RNC and a candidate 's PAC .
Here 's what they did :
Colyandro and Ellis also were charged with money laundering by transferring $ 190,000 in corporate contributions to the Republican National Committee by a check , with a similar amount later returned to the state organization .
The law prohibits corporate contributions to candidates .
That 's why there are PACs , and that 's why PAC contributions are limited to $ 5,000 for any one candidate .
These two buddies of Tom Delay 's argued that corporations OUGHT to be able to give directly , but since they did n't , it 's not money laundering if the transactions were n't in actual bags of cash .
They almost got away with it , too .
The definition of proceeds of criminal activity ( the direct donation of money to a candidate ) was a little bit vague , in that it did n't specifically say checks .
It also did n't specify PayPal or EFT transfers , but I doubt anyone would n't consider those to be money .
In 2008 , the appeals court ruled that the money - laundering law did not apply to Colyandro and Ellis because it did not specifically refer to checks .
The appeals court evidently also figured it out pretty quickly .
The appeals court had no authority to determine that the law only applies to cash payments , Keller wrote .
Keller also noted , however , that the statute could also be read to apply to checks , Keller wrote , noting that “ foreign bank notes ” operate on the same principle as checks .
The only thing that could make good news like this great ?
Discovering Tom Delay right smack dab in the middle of a check swap scheme like this .
Chicago
AS the Senate awaits the nomination of a new Supreme Court justice , a frank discussion is needed on the proper role of judges in our constitutional system .
For 30 years , conservative commentators have persuaded the public that conservative judges apply the law , whereas liberal judges make up the law .
According to Chief Justice John Roberts , his job is just to “ call balls and strikes . ”
According to Justice Antonin Scalia , conservative jurists merely carry out the “ original meaning ” of the framers .
These are appealing but wholly disingenuous descriptions of what judges  liberal or conservative  actually do .
To see why this is so , we need only look to the text of the Constitution .
It defines our most fundamental rights and protections in open - ended terms : “ freedom of speech , ” for example , and “ equal protection of the laws , ” “ due process of law , ” “ unreasonable searches and seizures , ” “ free exercise ” of religion and “ cruel and unusual punishment . ”
These terms are not self - defining ; they did not have clear meanings even to the people who drafted them .
The framers fully understood that they were leaving it to future generations to use their intelligence , judgment and experience to give concrete meaning to the expressed aspirations .
Rulings by conservative justices in the past decade make it perfectly clear that they do not “ apply the law ” in a neutral and detached manner .
Consider , for example , their decisions holding that corporations have the same right of free speech as individuals , that commercial advertising receives robust protection under the First Amendment , that the Second Amendment prohibits the regulation of guns , that affirmative action is unconstitutional , that the equal protection clause mandated the election of George W. Bush and that the Boy Scouts have a First Amendment right to exclude gay scoutmasters .
Whatever one thinks of these decisions , it should be apparent that conservative judges do not disinterestedly call balls and strikes .
Rather , fueled by their own political and ideological convictions , they make value judgments , often in an aggressively activist manner that goes well beyond anything the framers themselves envisioned .
There is nothing simple , neutral , objective or restrained about such decisions .
For too long , conservatives have set the terms of the debate about judges , and they have done so in a highly misleading way .
Americans should see conservative constitutional jurisprudence for what it really is .
And liberals must stand up for their vision of the judiciary .
Dear Colleagues :
This morning ’s AOL News carried a story , PETA ’S Euthanasia Rates Have Critics Fuming .
The story states that PETA :
euthanizes over 90 percent of the dogs and cats relinquished to its headquarters in Norfolk , Va .
In 2009 , PETA euthanized 2,301 dogs and cats — 97 percent of those brought in — and adopted only eight , according to Virginia state figures .
And the rate of these killings has been increasing .
From 2004 to 2008 , euthanasia at PETA increased by 10 percent .
I checked the documents that PETA filed with the Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services and confirmed that the AOL story is correct .
PETA killed 681 dogs and 1620 cats .
PETA also killed 51 “ other companion animals . ”
That ’s a total of 2352 animals .
And PETA adopted eight animals .
Eight animals .
That is a disgrace .
“ Euthanasia ” is death that is in the interest of the human or nonhuman euthanized .
Euthanasia is never in the interests of a healthy being .
PETA apparently shares Peter Singer ’s view that a relatively painless death does not constitute a harm for nonhuman animals because , unlike humans , most nonhumans are not self - aware and cannot grasp what it means to “ have a life . ”
In order to have an interest in your continued existence , you must be human .
So those 2352 animals that PETA killed were n’t really harmed .
They did not care about their lives anyway .
Nothing was taken from them when they were killed .
What unmitigated , speciesist nonsense .
According to the Economic Research Institute , PETA has revenue of $ 31,053,316 and assets of $ 19,759,999 .
How much of this money went for an adoption program ?
How many PETA celebrities are promoting the adoption of PETA animals rather than taking off their clothes to “ go naked ” for the glory and relentless publicity and promotion of PETA ?
Eight animals ?
It would seem that the office staff could have adopted more than that .
Combine this with PETA ’s sexism , and its giving awards to slaughterhouse designers and grocery chains that sell “ happy ” meat and animal products , and it is clear that PETA is nothing but a joke , albeit , for the animals , a most tragic one .
Gary L. Francione
© 2010 Gary L. Francione
P.S. Added March 11 , 2010 :
Last evening , I made a comment on Twitter :
Temple Grandin announces that she is going to design “ humane ” facilities at PETA to handle slaughter of thousands of “ rescued ” animals .
This was obviously intended to parody the fact that PETA gave Grandin an award and they call her a “ visionary ” for designing slaughterhouses that PETA praises .
A considerable number of people thought that the comment was serious .
I find it fascinating that PETA has gone so far in the direction of exploiting animals that people would think the comment was serious .
That tells us a great deal about the confusion rampant in a movement in which “ animal rights ” means “ we take in 2300 animals ; we kill all but 8 . ”
By the way , I also posted this on Twitter :
HBO to retitle documentary on PETA ’s Newkirk from “ I Am An Animal ” to “ I Am An Animal ( But Not One of the Ones We ‘ Rescue ’ and Kill ) . ”
That was also said in jest although it , too , is a possibility , I suppose .
Thanks to nophead ’s discovery that kapton tape makes a perfect ABS extrusion build surface , I knew that I wanted to cover my heated MakerBot CupCake build platform with it .
While Scott was milling me a plate , I ordered a roll of 4 ″ kapton tape and a roll of 1 ″ double - stick kapton tape from eBay seller mn-vac , whom I ca n’t recommend highly enough .
He had some long - running auctions that he had updated to indicate that he was out of town and would n’t be able to ship for a couple of weeks , but still responded immediately to my questions and had the package shipped to me well before he was even scheduled to return .
I had my acrylic insulator from Ponoko that press - fits perfectly onto the Y stage and the aluminum plate from Scott .
Scott had even milled a recess into the underside of the plate for the SMT thermistor
Tom put onto the heater PC board ; but because I was n’t sure exactly what other features would need recesses and where , Scott left them for us to mill .
Two weeks ago Tom and I finally got together to assemble the heater , aluminum plate , and insulator into a tasty heater sandwich .
First I marked on the aluminum the location where the wires would connect to the PCB .
Tom milled a recess into the aluminum to provide clearance for the solder joints on the top side of the PCB .
Tom did quite a nice job of milling a trapezoidal recess by hand without any CNC assistance , and was careful to protect the surfaces of my milled plate .
Tom soldered wires to the heater PCB .
After confirming that the heater resistance was still about 4Ω at the far end of the leads ( the same as the resistance of the heater trace on the board ) to make sure we had n’t shorted anything , we covered the PCB with double - stick kapton tape .
The PCB was slightly oversized , so I had fit the pieces together first to mark the correct alignment .
I set one edge of the aluminum into place on the double - stick tape , leaned it down and rechecked alignment against my marks , then pressed it into place .
Besides holding the pieces together , the tape insulates the PCB traces and the thermistor from shorting on the aluminum .
We re-measured the heater resistance at 4 Ω just to be sure we had n’t shorted anywhere .
While Tom was milling the aluminum , I had marked , cut , and filed a notch in the acrylic to route the wires out the back of the heater assembly .
We attached the acrylic to the sandwich in similar fashion and put a little piece of kapton over the wire recess , more for show than because it actually provides much holding power .
I could fill the recess with a heat - safe gasket compound , but the wires have been doing okay so far and I like knowing I can disassemble this for repair or upgrade .
Note how Tom peeled the copper off the back side of the PCB around the wires ’ through - holes .
I had n’t realized how difficult it would be to apply 4 ″ - wide tape to a square platform .
The 1 - mil tape is really schlimmery and hard to align straight where it first touches and grabs onto the aluminum , hard to squeegee down without bubbles , hard to press down straight without creating wrinkles , etc .
I ’m pretty good at squeegeeing screen protectors onto PDAs straight and bubble - free using a credit card , but the kapton tape was having none of that .
An edge of the tape also tore coming off the roll .
( It looked like it was bunched up where it had been sheared at the factory . )
Oh , and it did n’t help that the aluminum was still hot from a test firing and Tom and I were both halfway juggling it trying to hold it and the tape .
Printing on the Heated Platform
Many folks building heated build platforms are powering them from the extruder and hacking the firmware to control the platform temperature .
I ’m not averse to this idea in the long run ; but for expedience , I brought a variable power supply and we used it to power the new heater .
Tom ran the supply up to about 24V to heat the platform quickly and then dropped it back to 12V to maintain a fairly steady temperature somewhere in the 180 - 200 °F range .
( It was n’t varying that much ; I just do n’t remember exactly where Tom set it . )
The power supply ’s current meter showed a reassuring V / 4 Ω the whole time .
The first printing attempt was Zach ’s idler pulley .
I have other settings wrong ( the perimeter density is too low ) , but the raft adhered perfectly to the kapton .
The lifted corner is where I started to peel up the still - pliable ABS without having let the platform cool quite enough .
Tom added the blue tape , by the way , to create a non-specular surface for the IR thermometer we were using .
Skeinforge had some wacky ideas and my densities were off again , but a fob case built perfectly flat with no lifting or warping as well .
I let the fob cool longer than I had the pulley before trying to remove it , and it popped right off the kapton with only slight deformation in the corner where I wedged the knife blade ( still too soon ) .
As nophead did on his initial tests , I got delightfully smooth and reflective surfaces where the ABS conformed to the hot kapton .
Next Steps
Living in Times of Raft - Free Printing
As zaggo described in Living in Times of Warp - Free Printing , I no longer need to print a raft under my builds .
I ’ve not yet installed the Skeinforge Raftless module , which prints a leader into the first layer to give you time to fine - tune the nozzle height ( and amount of extrusion squish ) and slows down the feed rate of the first layer to help smoosh it onto the platform .
But with judicious live Z - axis tweaking , I ’m getting reasonably good results .
Flatness and Leveling
The aluminum plate appears to be dead flat , as it should be ( and as I had hoped ) .
It is not , however , dead level with ( parallel to ) the X and Y axes , causing the first layer of large objects to be tightly smooshed at one edge and not quite sticking to the platform at the other edge .
Tom and I stacked copper tape scraps on the underside of the platform in a quick and dirty attempt to level it , but the copper tape appears to be just squishy enough that it probably wo n’t provide reliable leveling .
Worse , you can see that the heater gets a bit too warm for the acrylic and my “ insulator ” is starting to warp after only a few hours of use .
I ’ll need to add a sheet of real insulating material between the heater PCB and what I believe I shall rename the acrylic “ mounting plate . ”
Also the left edge of the Y stage plywood is not fastened down to the walls , so there ’s more play in the height / level of the left edge there .
I ’ll probably glue that together to make it rigid enough to use as a good base .
I ’m thinking that nylon set screws in miniature T - nuts set into the Y stage may be the best way to level the platform .
There ’s not a lot of room to spare in the Y stage ; I may have to cut a larger , replacement stage top .
( Ponoko again . )
Thermistor , Power Supply , and Enclosure
I had assumed I ’d use the thermistor for closed - loop feedback , but at Tom ’s house 12V seemed like the perfect supply to keep the plate at the desired temperature and I considered wiring it straight to the PC power supply .
Since then I ’ve used it in my colder utility room and had to turn the supply higher than 12V to get the plate warm enough .
That suggests both that I will need to use the thermistor and that the CupCake ’s PC power supply may not be an adequate power source for this heater .
We may need to make a second PCB heater with slightly lower resistance — although I ’m leery of increasing the heater current too much , lest the lead wires start heating up too .
Alternatively , rather than cranking up the power , I ’m considering making plexiglass doors or panels to cover the CupCake ’s openings and retain more of the heat from the platform .
It seems like a more efficient approach ; and it would also help warm the whole chamber , which should further reduce warping on objects that are both tall and wide .
Even though the extruder pokes through the top of the CupCake when at its highest elevation , quite a bit of the CupCake top could still be enclosed — and the Z platform itself nearly spans the CupCake interior , helping trap heat in the part of the chamber containing the heated platform and the extruded model .
Again a good thing .
Reviews and comments about video games of all shapes and sizes - PC games , console games , MMORPGs , casual games , anything that catches my interest and moves me to whine about it .
Our friends at Tollroadsnews.com are reporting on a potentially pathbreaking report by the London - based Social Market Foundation outlining a plan to fund roads through distance - based charging .
This may be the first plan to look at the practical outline of how a national system of distance - based road funding might look like as a replacement for current approaches .
In England , this means substituting this plan for the registration fees for vehicles .
In essence , an average fee of 16 cents per mile would be assessed throughout the network ( in England ) of roads of all kinds–local , collector , highway , expressway .
The fees would ( or could ) vary by time of day and level of use .
But–and here is the most innovative part in my view –the system would be run by what is in essence a private utility .
According to Tollroadsnews :
“ Traditional privatization – taking bids from companies for concessions – wo n’t fly politically , the SMF paper argues .
It is seen as “ selling the family silver ” to fund improvident extravagances .
To be acceptable it cannot simply be a government selloff .
They propose :
â€¢ every citizen should be issued with a free share in the Strategic Roads Network — trunk roads and motorways ;
â€¢ holding companies , owned by citizens , would be responsible for operating the roads , charging for their use and reinvesting in the network ;
â€¢ the annual Vehicle Excise Duty or tax of Pd425 ( $ 655 ) for the first year of a car and Pd235 / year ( $ 360 ) thereafter would be scrapped ; and
â€¢ citizen owners of the road network who retain their share would receive any profits from their operation
Tollroad operating company shares issued to each citizen would be tradable .
Shareholders could expect dividends from continuing to hold an interest in the tollroad companies .
Substitution of [ road use charges ] or tolls for the annual vehicle excise would overcome the present unfairness of motorists from Europe using British roads for free while not paying the flatrate annual vehicle tax . ”
This proposal has a lot of merit , and should be considered for the US as we struggle to find a replacement for the increasingly less viable gas tax .
This is a comprehensive solution that could even be broken down into several different configuations and utility - based privatizations .
For example , separate holding companies could be created for entire urbanized areas and states , with state holding companies focusing on rural and intercity travel .
Holding companies for urbanized areas could create a sufficiently large network of local roads and connectors that the costs could be spread over a wide enough user base to address traffic problems on a systems and network basis .
Or perhaps seperate holding comanies could be created for limited access highways ( expressways and / or Interstates ) , urbanized areas , and geographically large urban areas .
Lots of different potential configurations exist , and America ’s unique brand of federalism should ( in principle ) encourage this kind of experimentation to identify best practices .
Either way , thanks to the Social Market Foundation for putting such an interesting and provocative plan on the table for discussion .
The ideas have global merit and should not be limited to England .
Joan Hall 's car was hit by a stone that flew off a lorry .
The problem was the stone in question was a five tonne boulder .
Luckily no one was inside the car at the time .
Dave Guest reports from Hayfield in Derbyshire .
A car is seen driving through the ash from the volcano eruption under the Eyjafjallajokull glacier in Iceland , April 16 , 2010 .
The volcano erupted for the second time in less than a month , melting ice , shooting smoke and steam into the air .
Flights around the world have been canceled and passengers stranded as the ash cloud from the volcano affected operations at some of the world 's busiest airports .
( AP Photo / Omar Oskarsson )
A woman reads a newspaper with the headline " Volcano alert " as she waits for the resumption of air travel on April 16 , 2010 at the airport in Erfurt , eastern Germany .
Air travel was disrupted all over Europe as a high - altitude cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland spread further over Europe .
( JENS - ULRICH KOCH / AFP / Getty Images )
Ground staff secure a plastic cover on the engines of an aircraft at Belfast City Airport in Northern Ireland , on April 16 , 2010 .
Thousands more flights were cancelled around the world Friday as a cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland kept airspace across northern Europe closed , inflicting a second day of travel misery on passengers .
( PETER MUHLY / AFP / Getty Images )
Passengers gather in front of flight information screens at Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport , Paris , as hundreds of commercial flights across northern Europe are canceled by a drifting plume of volcanic ash originating from Iceland , April 16 , 2010 .
The Icelandic volcano that erupted Wednesday has sent an enormous cloud of microscopic ash particles across northern Europe , grounding aircraft across the continent .
( AP Photo / Christophe Ena )
Passengers rest in the departure hall of Copenhagen Airport , April 16 , 2010 as the Danish airspace will remains closed until at least 2:00 am ( 0000 GMT ) on April 17 , 2010 due to ash from a volcano eruption in Iceland .
( NILS MEILVANG / AFP / Getty Images )
Italian tourists rest in the departure hall of Prague 's Ruzyne airport on April 16 , 2010 as flights were cancelled due to ash from a volcano eruption in Iceland .
A huge cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland cast a growing shadow over Europe on Friday , grounding thousands more flights in the continent 's biggest air travel shutdown since World War II .
( MICHAL CIZEK / AFP / Getty Images )
A flight information board indicates cancelled flights in a terminal at the Charles - de - Gaulle airport in Roissy , outside Paris , April 16 , 2010 due to the ash cloud caused by an Icelandic volcano that turned northern Europe into a no - fly zone .
( REUTERS / Benoit Tessier )
Passengers stand in a queue to rebook their cancelled flights at the Pablo Ruiz Picasso Airport in Malaga , southern Spain , April 15 , 2010 .
The European air safety organization said the disruption , the biggest seen in the region , could last another two days and a leading volcano expert said the ash could present intermittent problems to air traffic for six months if the eruption continued .
REUTERS / Jon Nazca
Stranded passengers soak up the sun in a solarium adjacent to the departures area of the Son Sant Joan Airport in Palma de Mallorca on the island of Mallorca , Spain , April 16 , 2010 .
A huge ash cloud from an Icelandic volcano spread out across Europe on Friday causing air travel chaos on a scale not seen since the September 11 attacks .
About 17,000 flights were expected to be cancelled on Friday due to the dangers posed for a second day by volcanic ash from Iceland , aviation officials said .
( REUTERS / Enrique Calvo )
A child using a laptop sits on a camp bed , provided by airport operator Fraport , at Frankfurt airport April 16 , 2010 .
Due to a huge ash cloud from an Icelandic volcano , that caused air travel chaos across Europe , passengers in Frankfurt were left stranded and forced to stay overnight .
( REUTERS / Ralph Orlowski )
Travellers wait at the closed international Airport in Duesseldorf , Germany , April 16 , 2010 .
Most countries in northern Europe suspended their air traffic due to ash clouds from the volcanic eruption in Iceland .
( AP Photo / Martin Meissner )
People wait for information in the departure hall of Sofia airport on April 16 , 2010 as flights were cancelled due to ash from a volcano eruption in Iceland .
Out of a total 91 incoming flights , only nine aircraft from Bucharest , Moscow , Munich , Rome , Tel Aviv and Vienna had landed during the course of the morning .
( NIKOLAY DOYCHINOV / AFP / Getty Images )
Passengers crowd the platform as a train arrives in Hamburg , Germany , April 16 , 2010 .
Many travellers are trying to take the train as alternative for their cancelled flights .
Flights at Frankfurt airport , the biggest in Germany , were halted indefinitely as a high - altitude cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland spread further over Europe .
( PHILIPP GUELLAND / AFP / Getty Images )
Passengers wait in the departure hall at the Vienna airport April 16 , 2010 , after a huge ash cloud from an
Icelandic volcano spread out across Europe causing air travel chaos on a scale not seen since the September 11 attacks .
About 17,000 flights were expected to be cancelled on Friday due to the dangers posed for a second day by volcanic ash from Iceland .
( REUTERS / Heinz - Peter Bader )
A Finnair aircraft is grounded at Helsinki -Vantaa Airport in Vantaa on April 16 , 2010 .
Finland grounded all flights due to ash from an Icelandic volcano eruption , and will not permit any commercial flights until until 3:00 pm ( 1200 GMT ) on April 18 at the earliest .
( ANTTI AIMO-KOIVISTO / AFP / Getty Images )
A passenger sleeps as she waits for the resumption of air travel in Frankfurt , Germany .
Flights at Frankfurt airport , the biggest in Germany , were halted indefinitely as a high - altitude cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland spread further over Europe .
( TORSTEN SILZ / AFP / Getty Images )
A plume of volcanic ash rises into the atmosphere from a crater under about 656 feet ( 200 metres ) of ice at the Eyjafjallajokull glacier in southern Iceland .
A huge ash cloud from the Icelandic volcano turned the skies of northern Europe into a no-fly zone on Thursday , stranding hundreds of thousands of passengers .
Picture taken April 14 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Olafur Eggertsson
This picture taken March 27 , 2010 shows lava spurting out of the site of a volcanic eruption at the Fimmvorduhals volcano near the Eyjafjallajokull glacier some 125 Kms east of Reykjakik .
With lava still gushing , a small Icelandic volcano that initially sent hundreds fleeing from their homes is turning into a boon for the island nation 's tourism industry , as visitors flock to catch a glimpse of the eruption .
( HALLDOR KOLBEINS / AFP / Getty Images )
Lava spews out of a volcano in the region of the Eyjafjallajoekull glacier in southern Iceland , on March 21 , 2010 .
The small volcano eruption that forced more than 600 people to flee their homes in Iceland over the weekend could conceivably set off a larger volcano , experts warned .
( Fior Kjartansson / AFP / Getty Images )
An aerial handout photo from the Icelandic Coast Guard shows a plume of steam rising 22,000 feet ( 6700 meters ) from a crater under about 656 feet ( 200 metres ) of ice at the Eyjafjallajokull glacier in southern Iceland .
REUTERS / Icelandic Coast Guard / Arni Saeberg / Handout
A plume of volcanic ash rises six to 11 kilometres into the atmosphere , from a crater under about 200 metres of ice at the Eyjafjallajokull glacier in southern Iceland April 14 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Jon Gustafsson
A Meteosat photo shows a dark cloud of volcanic ash spreading over Iceland .
A volcanic eruption in Iceland fired ash across northern Europe forcing the closure of huge swathes of international airspace on Thursday which grounded hundreds of flights .
The eruption of the Eyjafjallajokull volcano in southeast Iceland had already melted part of a surrounded glacier causing severe floods .
( April 15 , 2010 ) ( HANDOUT / AFP / Getty Images )
Tourists gather to watch lava spurt out of the site of a volcanic eruption at the Fimmvorduhals volcano near the Eyjafjallajokull glacier some 125 Kms east of Reykjakik on March 27 , 2010 .
Up to 800 people were evacuated in Iceland early on April 14 , 2010 due to the volcanic eruption under the Eyjafjallajokull glacier in the south of the island , police and geophysicists said .
( HALLDOR KOLBEINS / AFP / Getty Images )
An aerial handout photo from the Icelandic Coast Guard shows flood caused by a volcanic eruption at Eyjafjalla Glacier in southern Iceland April 14 , 2010 .
The volcanic eruption on Wednesday partially melted a glacier , setting off a major flood that threatened to damage roads and bridges and forcing hundreds to evacuate from a thinly populated area .
( REUTERS / Icelandic Coast Guard / Arni Saeberg )
This April 14 , 2010 image taken by the Icelandic Coastguard , shows floodwaters rising after the volcano under the Eyjafjallajokull glacier in Iceland erupted for the second time in less than a month , melting ice , shooting smoke and steam into the air and forcing hundreds of people to flee rising floodwaters .
Authorities evacuated 800 residents from around the glacier as rivers rose by up to 10 feet .
Emergency officials and scientists said the eruption under the ice cap was 10 to 20 times more powerful than one last month , and carried a much greater risk of widespread flooding .
( AP Photo / Icelandic Coastguard )
This NASA handout photo released on April 15 , 2010 shows an image captured by the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) on NASA ’s Terra satellite of a natural - color image .
A volcanic plume blows from Eyjafjallajˆkull Volcano in southern Iceland toward the east - southeast .
The plume blows past the Faroe Islands and arcs slightly toward the north near the Shetland Islands .
The plume ’s tan hue indicates a fairly high ash content .
Eyjafjallajˆkull ( or Eyjafjˆll ) is a stratovolcano composed of alternating layers of ash , lava , and rocks ejected by earlier eruptions .
The huge cloud of ash from an Icelandic volcano drifted over northern Europe on Thursday , forcing the closure of vast swathes of international airspace and the cancellation of hundreds of flights .
HO / AFP / Getty Images
Inbound flight cancellations at Manchester airport are posted beside a notice of explanation that the disruptions are due to volcanic ash from Iceland .
All London flights , including those from Heathrow , are suspended from 1100 GMT Thursday due to volcanic ash from Iceland that has already caused almost 300 cancellations , officials said .
( ANDREW YATES / AFP / Getty Images )
A passenger gestures as other passengers wait in check - in queues following the cancellation of flights , at Faro airport in Portugal April 15 , 2010 .
Dozens of flights from Faro airport on the Portuguese tourist resort province of Algarve to northern Europe were cancelled due to a volcanic eruption in Iceland , which has thrown up a 6 km ( 3.7 mile ) high cloud of ash and disrupted air traffic in northern Europe .
( REUTERS / Carlos Brito )
Airline passengers sit on the floor while awaiting information about flight cancellations in Terminal 5 at Heathrow Airport , west of London on April 15 , 2010 .
No flights will be allowed into British airspace from 1100 GMT until at least 1700 GMT Thursday due to an ash cloud from a volcanic eruption in Iceland , air traffic control services announced .
( ADRIAN DENNIS / AFP / Getty Images )
A glow appears on the skyline on March 21 , 2010 in the region of the Eyjafjallajoekull glacier in Iceland .
A volcano in the area of the Eyjafallajoekull glacier in southern Iceland erupted early Sunday , forcing more than 500 people in its vicinity to evacuate their homes .
( HALLDOR KOLBEINS / AFP / Getty Images )
The palace , under a rusted corrugated roof , looks mostly like a shed .
Only one delicate pair of feet in its single room is shod , and they are in black rubber flip - flops .
This is the genteel court of Queen Hajiya Haidzatu Ahmed .
The queen ’s henna - dyed fingers are childlike and slender , her smile girlish and her voice soft .
Whenever she speaks , the men who are her courtiers listen , enraptured .
Whenever she giggles , they laugh loudly .
Whenever she explains some point , they nod solemnly .
In Nigeria ’s conservative Islamic north , women are barred from ruling , except in the kingdom of Kumbwada .
Here , an ancient curse keeps males off the throne , according to locals .
Male pretenders who dare to try will be buried within a week .
The last man who wanted to overturn the tradition of female rulers was the queen ’s father , Prince Amadu Kumbwada , 58 years ago .
All he did was say he wanted to succeed his mother , then still alive .
He was immediately taken ill .
The prince was rushed to a distant kingdom , where he eventually recovered .
He never returned .
“ There has never been a male ruler , ” the queen says , chuckling , a sound like dry , crackling paper .
“ Even my father just voiced his desire to be chief , but it almost killed him . ”
Her grandmother , on the throne for 73 years , died when she was 113 .
Hajiya was a child when her father tried and failed to become his mother ’s successor .
She was too young to feel any sense of rivalry , but old enough to believe the curse would kill him .
She points up to the nail - pocked iron roof with a mischievous smile , to indicate that it ’s God ’s will .
“ It ’s a women ’s affair , ” the 65 - year - old monarch says .
“ Women are the rulers and they rule as effectively as men , sometimes even better than men . ”
These are alien pronouncements in a part of Nigeria where women typically are relegated to second place and strict Sharia , or Islamic law , is the rule .
But in the community Hajiya has ruled for 12 years , women get a sympathetic hearing in cases of wife beating or divorce .
“ When domestic issues come to me , the way I treat them will be quite different to other traditional chiefs , ” she says .
“ I ’m a woman and I ’m a mother and I have so much concern and experience when it comes to the issue of marriage and what it means for the maintenance of the home and what it means for two people to live together . ”
Kumbwada , an undulating region with low , scrubby forest , is so notorious for banditry that the road is dotted with police checkpoints every few miles .
For years , there have been hostile mutterings among northern Islamic clerics in other tribal kingdoms that the curse against male rulers amounts to witchcraft .
“ Once there is evidence of the use of black magic in any situation , Islam considers it a deviation which must be reversed , ” Sheik Aminuddeen Abubakar , imam in the city of Kano , reportedly said several years ago .
Reached by phone recently , he stood by his comments .
Musa Muhammad , the chief imam of Kumbwada , defended the queen , saying Kumbwada ’s position was unique .
“ We ca n’t live without a leader , and the fact that any male rulers that ascend the throne die quickly and mysteriously while female rulers reign for many years makes our case a peculiar one , ” Muhammad says .
“ This is an exceptional situation none of us can change . ”
As the traditional ruler , the queen handles disputes such as quarrels over land , divorces , petty violence , accusations of theft and arguments between neighbors .
Government courts step in only if a traditional ruler refers a case or if the situation is n’t resolved to everyone ’s satisfaction .
“ The royalty have a very important role in Nigerian society , ” Hajiya says .
“ Of course we ’re different than the elected powers .
The real power , the confidence , is with us .
Politicians think you can buy votes .
“ I am closer to the people .
The traditional rulers are the ones the people trust . ”
Outside the palace , goats bleat and chickens cluck .
Inside , it ’s so hot that rivulets of perspiration make their way down people ’s backs .
The queen could be a simple Nigerian villager in her baggy , shift - like cotton dress and blue - green scarf .
She sits on her throne , an extra - wide , spotless armchair that looks designed for either someone very important or someone rather large .
The throne is on a platform above her courtiers , elderly men in charge of collecting taxes , hearing complaints or arranging royal audiences .
Since her father ’s hurried departure , when the princess was 7 , she knew she was the heir to the throne .
As a child , she played at being queen with other children in the village who were relegated to the roles of domestic servants and courtiers .
“ When I was young , there was a very strong peer group of all the children in the village , both boys and girls .
We had leaders and other parts like staff among us .
I got used to a leadership role , even when I was a child .
So I was prepared for this . ”
Then , her subjects were children .
As the real queen , she has more than 33,000 subjects , most of them poor farmers .
But apart from the childhood games , she had no education to prepare her for leadership .
“ My only handicap is that I do n’t have a Western education , because in my time , people did n’t educate their daughters .
I ’m not educated in the modern way , but in the traditional way , I have wisdom in my dealings with people .
I ’m proud to say that it would be hard to find someone educated who could rule as well as I can , ” she says with calm dignity .
The queen has her pet hates .
She does n’t like divorce .
She wo n’t tolerate wife beating .
And she ca n’t bear the idea of leaving any case that comes before her unresolved , to be handed over to the local court system .
She has never let that happen .
“ I ’ve never had a crisis I could n’t solve , ” she says .
Even politicians sometimes have to come to traditional rulers for help , she says .
“ In a crisis , people do n’t listen to politicians .
Once we intervene , once we speak , to the people , it ’s hands off . ”
Most traditional African rulers reflexively side with the male head of the household in a family dispute .
So a girl resisting marriage to a much older man she does n’t love is likely to be ordered to obey her father .
A woman who complains she is being beaten is likely to be told to obey her husband .
Hajiya had one wife - beating case early in her reign .
“ I told him if he ever beat his wife again , I ’d dissolve the marriage and put him in prison , ” she remembers .
“ Marriage is not a joke , and women are not slaves . ”
Since that case , she has made a point of campaigning against domestic violence whenever she holds court in local communities .
She says she ’s never had another beating case .
People know where she stands .
“ Men sometimes say the women provoke them , so that is why they beat them , ” she says .
“ I tell them that there ’s no justification , whatever happens . ”
If a girl is miserable in an arranged marriage , the queen listens to her side of the story , even though she dislikes divorce .
“ In such cases I try to strike a balance .
I do n’t just end such marriages .
I try to be tactful and see if there ’s any way this woman can come to love this man , ” she says .
“ But if that ’s not possible , if there ’s no way she can have any compassion for him or love , it ’s not her fault or his fault .
It ’s just natural .
“ I intervene and ask for the marriage to be dissolved for the sake of the woman , the man and everyone ’s sake . ”
She often addresses women ’s groups , urging members to become educated so that they can be future leaders .
Most of all , she wants to live to see a female Nigerian president .
“ It ’s my most ardent wish .
I think the problems in Nigeria have become intractable .
Let ’s try a woman .
Men have failed . ”
She keeps her grown daughter , Idris , by her side whenever she holds court , grooming her to be queen .
Her son , Danjuma Salihu , also grown , seated on the floor among the courtiers , has no hopes of succession .
He may one day become chief in another dominion though .
“ But not here , ” she says .
“ Nobody has any doubts about it .
He would n’t survive it . ”
robyn.dixon@latimes.com
Who needs turntables when you have cardboard ?
GGRP
Sound has come up with a brilliant way to play records : with the record sleeve .
The needle - embedded carboard package folds up to hold a 45rpm in place , making sound while you spin it with a pencil .
Instead of outputting to a speaker , the vibrations go through the needle and into the cardboard , and the sound quality is not bad , from what we 've heard anyway .
via Gizmodo
All the games out there must be familiar that some of the titles are exclusively launched for PlayStation4 .
You cannot play these ones on your Windows computer or Macbook .
This is quite annoying because if you do not own a console , then you are doomed .
You cannot curse the developers for making games PS4 exclusive .
They do it mainly after analyzing the market .
So , at the end of the day , you are only left with disappointment and misery .
Now , what if I tell you that there is a way to play PS4 titles on your Windows or Mac machine ?
Would you believe that ?
I am sure most of you would be laughing at me right now because this seems impossible .
But let me tell you that we are in an era where there is no such thing as impossible at least in the world of technology .
DOWNLOAD :
This is true !
You can play PS4 exclusive games on Windows or OS X computers .
Thanks to a group of developers working on an ultimate PS4 emulator for PC & Mac .
It can be downloaded from ps4emus.net .
__
UPDATE : They now made the app available for mobile devices too , with Android as “ .apk ” or iOS systems .
This new software helps in creating a Continue reading →
El Instituto de Fomento e Investigaci�n Educativa asegur� que lo que la prueba
Enlace no ha servido como debiera para el avance educativo del pa�s
Ciudad de M�xico | Mi�rcoles 14 de abril de 2010
Nurit Mart�nez | El Universal
11:55
Graphs and charts are used to simplify complex data and make it easy to read and understand .
So it really would n’t make sense if it was difficult to integrate a graph into a website .
Thanks to Javascript and a bunch of talented developers , we have at our disposal solutions for easily adding graphs and charts to our web projects .
Here are 13 of these , including some written for jQuery and MooTools , that you will find very useful .
Highcharts is a charting library written in pure JavaScript , offering an easy way of adding interactive charts to your web site or web application .
Highcharts currently supports line , spline , area , areaspline , column , bar , pie and scatter chart types .
JS Charts is a JavaScript chart generator that requires little or no coding .
JS
Charts allows you to easily create charts in different templates like bar charts , pie charts or simple line graphs .
Moreover , JS Charts is free for non-commercial use .
PlotKit is a Chart and Graph Plotting Library for Javascript .
It has support for HTML Canvas and also SVG via Adobe SVG Viewer and native browser support .
PlotKit is fully documented and there is a quick tutorial to get you started .
This jQuery plugin generates sparklines ( small inline charts ) directly in the browser using data supplied either inline in the HTML , or via javascript .
The plugin is compatible with most modern browsers and has been tested with Firefox 2+ , Safari 3+ , Opera 9 , Google Chrome and Internet Explorer 6 , 7 & 8 .
This plugin provides a simple method for generating bar , line , area , and pie charts from an HTML table , and allows you to configure them in a variety of ways .
jqPlot is a plotting and charting plugin for the jQuery Javascript framework .
jqPlot produces beautiful line , bar and pie charts with many features .
Milkchart is a simple to use , yet robust library for transforming table data into a chart .
This library uses the HTML5 canvas tag and is only supported on browsers other than IE until ExCanvas gets proper text support .
Canvas 3D
Graph is a special type of bar graph that plot numbers in 3D .
Moochart is a plugin for MooTools 1.2 that draws bubble diagrams on the canvas tag .
Future versions might include pie , bar & line graphs .
TufteGraph allows configuration by dynamic functions , allowing for a really compact API , and uses a non -core layout is done via CSS rather than code .
ProtoChart is an opensource library using Prototype and Canvas to create good looking charts .
This library is highly motivated by Flot , Flotr and PlotKit libraries .
Flot is a pure Javascript plotting library for jQuery .
It produces graphical plots of arbitrary datasets on - the - fly client - side .
The focus is on simple usage ( all settings are optional ) , attractive looks and interactive features like zooming and mouse tracking .
The plugin works with Internet Explorer 6/7/8 , Firefox 2.x+ , Safari 3.0+ , Opera 9.5 + and Konqueror 4.x + with the HTML canvas tag ( Internet Explorer where the excanvas Javascript emulation helper is used ) .
Protovis composes custom views of data with simple marks such as bars and dots .
Unlike low - level graphics libraries that quickly become tedious for visualization , Protovis defines marks through dynamic properties that encode data , allowing inheritance , scales and layouts to simplify construction .
Washington ( CNN ) --
Bush administration lawyers who wrote " torture " memos have been cleared of allegations of professional misconduct after a Justice Department internal investigation , which recommends no legal consequences for their actions .
The report by the Justice Department concludes the high - ranking lawyers who developed controversial legal guidance on waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation techniques may have exercised poor judgment , but not professional misconduct .
The conclusion resulted from a decision by top career Justice Department executive David Margolis to reverse a recommendation of investigators that found the two lawyers ' legal memos did constitute professional misconduct .
That tentative conclusion , which was overruled by Margolis , said the lawyers should be referred to their state bar associations for potential disbarment .
But in the final report , the examination of the legal guidance written by Justice Department lawyers John Yoo and Jay Bybee found they did not constitute a professional breach that could have led to state disbarment .
The report by the Justice Department ethics office , called the Office of Professional Responsibility , also examined and cleared attorney Steven Bradbury .
He headed the Office of Legal Counsel , which provided legal guidance to the executive branch during President George W. Bush 's second term .
The often - delayed release of the report came late Friday after it was sent to lawmakers on the House and Senate Judiciary committees , who made the findings public .
In addition to the content itself , the constantly delayed release of the politically sensitive report had become an issue .
Issuance of the report was repeatedly postponed for more than a year , prompting lawmakers and civil liberties groups to press for publication of the investigation 's findings .
In November , Holder told Congress the report would be made public " by the end of the month . "
Reaction to the Justice Department investigation largely fell along party lines , with liberal Democrats unhappy with the conclusions , and highlighting criticism of the Bush Administration lawyers .
" While the report concludes the lawyers did not breach their minimal professional obligations , I certainly hold top lawyers at the Justice Department ] to a higher standard than that , as all Americans should , " said Rep. John Conyers , D - Michigan .
Conyers , who chairs the House Judiciary Committee focused on the lawyers ' " poor judgments , " and said , " Today 's report makes plain that those memos were legally flawed and fundamentally unsound . "
Meanwhile , conservative lawmakers applauded the decision not to recommend action against the Bush administration officials who proposed enhanced interrogation techniques .
" It is important that future government lawyers know that their efforts to protect Americans will not be criminalized by future administrations , " said Rep. Lamar Smith , R - Texas , the top Republican on the House Judiciary Committee .
" We know that the decision of these attorneys to approve enhanced interrogation tactics in the wake of 9/11 saved lives , " he declared .
OML has thousands of free addictive Flash and HTML5 Games like There is Only One Level 2 .
Did you enjoy
There is Only One Level 2 ?
Play more .
Always fast , free and no login required ... new games added daily !
The Obama administration has taken the rare step of authorising the killing of a US citizen , Anwar al - Awlaki , a radical Muslim cleric linked to the attempt to blow up a US airliner on Christmas Day .
The decision to place Awlaki on a US hit list followed a national security council review because of his status as an American citizen .
" Awlaki is a proven threat , " a US official told Reuters .
" He 's being targeted . "
Born in New Mexico to Yemeni parents , Awlaki has been accused of encouraging terrorism in his sermons and writings .
He is believed to be in hiding in Yemen 's rugged Shabwa or Mareb regions , an area that has become a haven for jihadis .
He has been linked to Major Nidal Malik Hasan , the army psychiatrist accused of killing 13 people at Fort Hood , Texas , in November , and to Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , the Nigerian charged with trying to blow up a Detroit - bound airliner on Christmas Day .
It is extremely rare , if not unprecedented , for an American to be approved for " targeted killing " , officials told the New York Times .
A former senior legal official in the Bush administration said he did not know of any American who was approved for targeted killing under the former president .
The decision to place Awlaki on a hit list took place this year , the paper said , as US counterterrorism officials judged he had moved beyond inciting attacks against the US – he has a large following among English - speaking Muslims – to participating in them .
" The danger Awlaki poses to this country is no longer confined to words , " an official told the New York Times .
" He 's gotten involved in plots . "
The policy of targeted killings is controversial .
President Gerald Ford issued an executive order banning political assassinations in 1976 .
However , Congress approved the use of military force against al - Qaida after the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
People on the target list are considered to be military enemies of the US and therefore not subject to the ban on political assassination .
In February , the director of national intelligence , Dennis Blairan , alarmed civil liberties groups when he told Congress that the US may , with executive approval , deliberately target and kill US citizens suspected of being involved in terrorism .
Under Obama 's watch , the US has stepped up attacks on al - Qaida figures around the world from Somalia to the Afghanistan - Pakistan border through the use of Predator drones or other aircraft .
The Pakistani government tacitly permits CIA - operated unmanned aircraft to target terrorist sites and militants up to 50 miles inside the country , and there have been reports of helicopter - borne raids into Pakistani territory .
In fact , it 's a little hard to be sure that some of the cases were sudden acceleration incidents , because the witnesses to what happened in the car were all killed ; the family is trying to reconstruct what happened from their knowledge of the deceased .
Obviously , most people are going to err on the side of believing that the car was at fault , rather than a beloved relative .
Further complicating matters , most of the cases involve either a lawsuit against Toyota , a complainant facing possible criminal charges , or both .
In some of the cases , the police or doctors have an alternate theory of what happened : one of the SAIs was bipolar , which puts you at extraordinarily high risk of suicide , and no one knows what actually happened in the car .
At least two others involve young men who were driving at very high speed , which is something that young men tend to do with or without a sticky accelerator .
Several more of the drivers seem to have had a medical situation , like a stroke , to which doctors and / or police attribute the acceleration .
The oddest " striking " fact is that a disproportionate number seem to be immigrants -- something like a third , by my count , which is about double the number of immigrants in the general population .
I have no idea what to make of that ; are they more likely to file complaints with the NHTSA ?
Maybe they 're shorter , on average , or learned to drive later in life ?
Or perhaps it 's just a statistical fluke .
At any rate , when you look at these incidents all together , it 's pretty clear why Toyota did n't investigate this " overwhelming evidence " of a problem : they look a lot like typical cases of driver error .
I do n't know that all of them are .
But I do know that however advanced Toyota 's electronics are , they 're not yet clever enough to be able to pick on senior citizens .
Unfortunately , that wo n't help Toyota much .
It will still face a wave of lawsuits , and all the negative publicity means that it may be hard for the company to get a fair trial .
Even if it does , the verdict in the court of public opinion will still hurt their sales for some time to come .
In many of the other cases , we do n't really know what happened , because there were no witnesses of exactly when the car started to run away .
Taxpayers have already spent more than $ 111 billion bailing out mortgage giants Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae , and that 's going to be just the tip of the iceberg .
Instead of limiting Fannie's and Freddie 's bailouts to $ 400 billion as first planned , the Treasury quietly announced ( on Christmas Eve , no less ) that it would offer the two firms unlimited bailouts .
This puts taxpayers on the hook for any losses the two firms suffer .
And there will be lots of losses .
Last week , Fannie announced it lost $ 15.3 billion in just the fourth quarter of 2009 , bringing its 2009 losses to $ 74.4 billion .
The Congressional Budget Office expects Fannie and Freddie to cost taxpayers a whopping $ 290 billion this year alone .
Collectively , the two firms hold or guarantee more than $ 5 trillion in debt .
In December , 3.8 percent of Freddie 's mortgages were at least 90 days late and 5.2 percent of Fannie 's mortgages were delinquent .
Those numbers will continue to rise as the economy rights itself .
Since their founding , Fannie and Freddie have been used by politicians to distort the housing industry .
They were technically privatized but had a tacit promise that the government ( read taxpayers ) would pick up any major financial losses .
Fannie and Freddie used this silent guarantee to borrow against the credit of the U.S. government .
At one point , they were leveraged as high as 100 - to - 1 by some estimates .
And you thought AIG was bad .
Congress manipulated the mortgage market , and helped the housing bubble , by pursuing a political goal : home loans for everyone .
When it comes to congressional exploitation of the housing market , few could be considered more culpable than Rep. Barney Frank , Massachusetts Democrat .
For the past two decades , Frank and others have encouraged Fannie and Freddie to lend to risky borrowers who did not meet traditional requirements .
As recently as last summer , Frank wrote a letter demanding that Fannie and Freddie further reduce loan - qualifying standards for condo buyers .
This excessive risk - taking gave more families access to homeownership , a political boon .
Unfortunately , it also meant a massive buildup of subprime debt .
At a hearing in February , Frank changed his tune , calling for " abolishing Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in their current form and coming up with a whole new system of housing finance . "
He 's half - right .
The answer is to abolish Fannie and Freddie .
But the government should stop there .
We do n't need a " whole new system of housing finance . "
The federal government does n't need to be involved in the mortgage business at all .
Plenty of healthy , viable banks are willing to do that .
The central role that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac played in the financial crisis should n't be ignored .
Without the lowered lending standards at Fannie and Freddie , mortgage originators would have paid more attention to the loans they were issuing , because the risk would n't have been shifted onto taxpayers so easily .
And without the failure of Fannie and Freddie in September 2008 , the market might not have destabilized , leading to the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers , the quasi-nationalization of AIG and , eventually , the bailout of the financial industry .
The process of eliminating Fannie and Freddie is going to be complicated and hotly debated .
They can not be shut down right now because virtually the entire mortgage market is dependent on them as a wastebasket for toxic mortgage debt .
But a long - term strategy for dissolving Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac can and should be created now .
The ideal plan would break them up and sell their assets over five to 10 years , with any remaining government activities related to housing consolidated in another agency .
Fannie and Freddie have hurt the economy and distorted the housing market long enough .
As the losses pile up , it is time for the government to start getting itself out of the mortgage business .
Anthony Randazzo is Director of Economic Research at Reason Foundation .
This article originally appeared in The Washington Times .
The United States continues its reign as the king of spam , relaying more than 13 % of global spam , accounting for hundreds of millions of junk messages every day , according to a report by Sophos .
However , most dramatically , China – often blamed for cybercrime by other countries – has disappeared from the “ dirty dozen , ” coming in at 15th place with responsibility for relaying just 1.9 % of the world ’s spam .
Top 12 spam - relaying countries for January to March 2010
1. United States 13.1 %
2. India 7.3 %
3. Brazil 6.8 %
4. South Korea 4.8 %
5. Vietnam 3.4 %
6. Germany 3.2 %
7. United Kingdom 3.1 %
8. Russia 3.1 %
9. Italy 3.1 %
10 . France 3.0 %
11 . Romania 2.5 %
12 . Poland 2.4 %
Others 47.3 %
“ All eyes are n’t so much on which countries are on the list , but the one which is n’t .
China has earned itself a bad reputation in many countries ’ eyes for being the launch pad of targeted attacks against foreign companies and government networks , but at least in the last 12 months they have demonstrated that the proportion of spam relayed by their computers has steadily declined , ” said Graham Cluley , senior technology consultant at Sophos .
“ South Korea , Brazil , India and the United States account for more than 30 % of all the spam relayed by hacked computers around the globe . ”
Spam accounts for a staggering 97 % of all email received by business email servers , putting both a strain on resources and accounting for a huge amount of time to lost productivity .
Used largely as a method for selling counterfeit or illicit goods such as fake pharmaceuticals , luxury watches and false diplomas , virtually all spam comes from malware - infected computers ( called botnets or zombies ) that are controlled by cybercriminals .
Computer users can unwittingly allow their PCs to become part of a botnet in a number of ways , including clicking on malicious links that are frequently contained within the spam messages that the botnets are used to distribute .
The only way for users and administrators to reduce the risk of being compromised is to run anti-spam and anti-malware protection and ensure all software and hardware is up - to - date with security patches .
By continent , Asia continues to dominate in spam , with more than a third of the world ’s unsolicited junk email relayed by the region .
Although the United States remains the top offender by country , North America as a whole has reduced its spam throughput since last quarter , dropping from second to third place .
The breakdown of spam relaying by continent is as follows :
January to March 2010 :
1. Asia 33.7 %
2. Europe 31.2 %
3. North America 16.9 %
4. South America 14.7 %
5. Africa 2.6 %
Other 0.9 %
Two events this week have highlighted that , despite a stimulus of unprecedented proportions and scope , they cannot .
The first was the additional austerity package announced by Greece under pressure from its European masters .
To be tightening so severely into an ever - deepening contraction looks like economic madness , but the Greeks have no choice .
And the second was the spectacle of Jean - Claude Trichet , president of the European Central Bank , asserting his determination to “ normalise ” monetary conditions – while tacitly acknowledging the impossibility of even trying to do so , as long as the eurozone economy remains as stagnant as it is .
It 's a great day for fans of Spike Jonze , robot emotion , and distilled spirits .
Absolut Vodka has posted Spike Jonze 's I 'm Here short on internet , so you should watch that at some point .
Just a warning : the site says you must above the legal drinking age to watch , so I 'm guessing it 's not safe for work , either for content or because the constant reminder of vodka will send you back into a shameful spiral of alcoholism , and that should probably be postponed until at least after 5 .
Read More : , , , ,
New York ( CNN ) --
People come up to Aimee Mullins all the time and say , " you know , I have to tell you , you just do n't look disabled . "
The record - setting athlete , actress and model says , " And it 's sweet because I know that they 're confused , and they 're telling me this because they know I 'm missing both legs from the shin down , but they 're presented with this package of a highly capable young woman .
This has happened all over the world .
I tell them it 's interesting because I do n't feel disabled . "
She believes that people are not born disabled .
" It 's society that disables an individual by not investing in enough creativity to allow for someone to show us the quality that makes them rare and valuable and capable . "
Mullins was born without fibula bones and was expected to use a wheelchair to get around .
Her legs were amputated below the knees when she was a year old .
She learned to walk , bike , swim and play sports using prosthetics .
While a student at Georgetown University , she competed in the NCAA Division I , using pioneering carbon - fiber prosthetic devices designed to imitate the hind legs of a cheetah .
At the Paralympics in 1996 , she set world records in several track events , drawing attention that landed her on magazine covers and in one media " best of " list after another .
Mullins was featured in a 1999 show by the late fashion designer Alexander McQueen and has gone on to a career as an actress .
In an interview with CNN.com , she said she 's beginning work on a screenplay about the life of scientist Rosalind Franklin , whose discoveries helped lead to the unlocking of the structure of DNA .
In a talk at last year 's TED MED conference in San Diego , Mullins explored the concept of disability and talked about how overcoming adversity is something everyone must confront , in one way or another .
[ TED is a nonprofit that distributes talks on a wide variety of subjects at http://www.ted.com/;
TED MED is a separate organization that focuses on medical and health care related issues . ]
Mullins spoke to CNN Monday .
Here 's an edited transcript :
CNN : You spoke at the TED MED conference about the negative connotations of the term " disabled . "
How important is it that we get the language right ?
Aimee Mullins :
It 's not so much the word itself .
The idea of being politically correct is not the goal here .
It 's how we use the word very casually as a label to try to encompass somebody 's value to our community and the worth of their contribution to our community .
That 's what we need to get right .
I 've had so many letters from parents or medical professionals who will say , I did n't even think about how casually I 'll tell someone oh , I have a disabled child .
It never even occurred to them that if they really stop to think about it , their child may have a specific medical condition that can be defined as paralysis or autism or being an amputee .
... it's how we use words and how they shape what we think about difference and other people in our community .
CNN : In your own life , how significant have these kinds of words been ?
Mullins :
Well for me I never ever felt the ownership or any identity with any community of disabilities .
I did n't grow up being told that I was a disabled child .
After the ' 96 games , and I was competing in Division I track at Georgetown and I was starting to get mainstream press ... where I 'd be on the cover of a magazine that was heralding my speed and athletic prowess and it would say , " Disabled athlete Aimee Mullins runs faster than most people on the planet with flesh and bone legs . "
And I thought how does a journalist miss that , and just casually write " disabled athlete . "
I 've had journalists asking me what do we call you -- is it handicapped , are you disabled , physically challenged ?
I said well hopefully you could just call me Aimee .
But if you have to describe it , I 'm a bilateral below the knee amputee .
Ten years later , watching Oscar Pistorius go through many of the same issues I had 10 - 12 years ago , I realized that our language just has n't caught up with the opportunities technology is providing for people ...
I feel like today there 's a different sense , so much more widespread , of people feeling like they do n't want to be negated , they do n't want to be marginalized , they want to make their own definitions of their identity .
They want to identify themselves .
CNN : You have said that there 's a stigma relating to differences between people .
Do you think , just setting the word aside , is there still a stigma relating to physical limitations such as being an amputee ?
Mullins :
There 's much , much less of a stigma here .
It 's my own personal experience that parents of children today who are amputees have an entirely different view .
I think a lot of this is because of the Internet .
They have so much more access to information and to learn about what prosthetics are out there .
And a sense of sheer numbers , to learn that you 're not alone .
...
I 've been in developing countries where being an amputee and indeed having any kind of physical or intellectual or emotional disability is highly stigmatized .
I was in Kibera [ in Nairobi , Kenya ] , one of the largest slums in the world , last fall , and mothers of babies born with club feet are encouraged to abandon these children .
If the babies are born with Down Syndrome , they 're encouraged to abandon them .
If the mother does n't actually abandon the child , the child is kept in a backroom in a shack and literally does not see the light of day .
And the child is not even counted .
When I asked a mother how many children she had , she told me she had three , but there were four .
I was sitting in their living room and her three year old had been born with his head enlarged and the rest of his body was n't developing at the same rate .
I had a really disturbing message from a doctor who was at TED MED and heard me speak and went to Haiti immediately after the earthquake -- he 's an anesthesiologist .
And he said , we have to talk because I have so many patients down here who are choosing death over amputation .
And so I 'm sure that part of the social stigma in a developing country when employment and work are already scarce , it 's hard for people to imagine how they could support their family financially with a different body .
CNN : How does technology play into this and how is it changing the lives of amputees ?
Mullins : Technology 's a huge factor .
There had been a real dearth of technological advancement since the last world war .
...
I grew up as a teenager having this wonderful naivete about , well I can go see something that James Cameron dreamt up and [ Oscar - winning visual effects designer ] Stan Winston built it .
Why can't I have that for my body ?
Or I would go into Madame Tussaud 's wax museum and see the kind of artistry was done there for a leg .
Why can't I combine that with Stan Winston 's doing ?
Watch James Cameron 's talk at TED2010
It was a very lonely voice echoing in the wilderness ...
And I really think because of the two wars we are in right now and because of the fact that we have so many young men and women in this situation , it 's unthinkable that we 're willing to make a 19 - year old irrelevant by not giving them their capabilities .
And that 's why you 're seeing so many leaps in progress .
Again with the growth of the Internet , so many more people are saying I found some designer in Silicon Valley who 's using a 3 - D printer to create a model of a prosthetic leg and customize it and print it out .
There is that sense of possibility that 's been so expanded because of technology and because so many more people have accepted this invitation to come into the conversation .
I 've had fashion designers , graphic designers , and communication designers , people who do n't have engineering backgrounds , who do n't have medical backgrounds , who are very intrigued by the idea of creating prosthetics for assistive devices ...
The idea of prosthetics is a tool .
Most people 's cell phones are prosthetics .
If you leave your cell phone at home , you feel impacted by not having it .
It 's an important part of your daily function and what you can do in a day .
CNN : How much of your own time do you devote to raising awareness about these issues ?
Mullins : I 'm not an advocate for disability issues .
Human issues are what interest me .
You can't possibly speak for a diverse group of people .
I do n't know what it 's like to be an arm amputee , or have even one flesh - and - bone leg , or to have cerebral palsy .
I do n't speak for such huge and diverse groups .
What I 've tried to do , what I 've been fortunate to do , is to live my live and create my life as I 've wanted to create it .
To be able to live with such an autonomy has itself raised awareness .
A New Zealand anti-whaling activist was arrested in Japan Friday after a harpoon ship he boarded in Antarctic waters last month docked in Tokyo , greeted by police and nationalist protesters .
Peter Bethune , of the militant Sea Shepherd Conservation Society ( SSCS ) , was engaged in months of high - seas clashes with the Japanese whaling fleet but has been in custody since mid-February when he boarded the Shonan Maru II .
About 20 angry nationalist protesters with Rising Sun flags , watched over by riot police , lined the pier and shouted through megaphones : " Step forward Pete Bethune !
Apologise to the Japanese people !
We will tear you apart ! "
The harpoon ship docked alongside a vessel of the Japan Coast Guard , whose officers served him with an arrest warrant for trespass on a ship , a charge that can carry up to three years ' jail .
It is the latest chapter in a long - running battle between environmentalists and Japanese whalers , who hunt the ocean giants in the name of scientific research , a loophole to a moratorium on whaling .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
03/26/2010
FRC suggestions : Exportation , criminalization , and now -- surgeon general warnings on literal butts !
by Jeremy Hooper
The Family Research Council 's Peter Sprigg has recommended exporting gays out of the United States .
The Family Research Council 's Peter Sprigg has said that gays should be criminalized :
And now the Family Research Council 's Peter Sprigg is following the lead of disgraced researcher Paul Cameron , blaming gay men for the sad fact that HIV / AIDS in this country hit the G population first and hardest :
The CDC spokesman is cited as saying , “ There is no single or simple solution for reducing HIV and syphilis rates among gay and bisexual men . ”
This is plainly false .
There is , for example , a single and simple solution for smoking - related illnesses , and we have all heard it —
“ If you do n’t smoke , do n’t start .
If you do smoke , quit . ”
It ’s long past time for public health authorities to say the same about men having sex with men .
CDC Analysis Provides New Look at Disproportionate Impact of HIV and Syphilis Among U.S. Gay and Bisexual Men [ FRC ]
No , no -- do n't fight the disease itself .
Do n't fight the demonization and misinformation that keeps gay youth having risky encounters .
Do n't fight the idea that a GOP administration basically ignored the first half - decade of HIV / AID 's known life , allowing something that might 've been controllable to turn into a pandemic .
Do n't fight the anti-monogamy sentiments that the far - right cultivates with their constant fight against marriage equality .
Do n't fight the shame cycles that keep some gay folks having unprotected sex since they see their lives as worthless everyday .
Do n't fight any roadblocks that have been placed on the path to cure this , one of the many of tricks in Pandora 's ugly box to hurt humans over the course of time .
Fight people .
You see , folks , Peter 's a moral values Christian .
He will instead fight the most vulnerable of all populations .
A population that existed long before HIV / AID 's terrifying arrival , and some religious people 's even more terrifying reaction to it .
Because we are sinners dontcha know ?
Our God chose other diseases to be shotguns , but chose this one to be a heat - sinking missile unto the gay population .
Ugh [ :: sigh , head shake , * facepalm * , vomit : :]
Though there is one valid point in Peter 's collective work :
If rhetoric like his were to ever take hold in America , we just might take him up on that forced exportation !
Insist , even .
***
* Oh , and let 's not forget : The Family Research Council is not out of the mainstream .
They are the ones who throw the Values Voters Summit every year , attracting major political candidates ( all GOP primary contenders in 2007 ) , scores of congressional members , plenty of mainstream media figures ( Lou Dobbs and Sean Hannity in recent years ) , and plenty of other figures ( Newt Gingrich , Bill Bennett ) who are considered part of the political mainstream .
So Sprigg 's comments on behalf of this organization SHOULD NOT be seen as " fringe . "
We write them off at our own peril .
Your thoughts
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Divorce Law
Whether you need someone to represent you in court , or you simply require sound legal advice , we give each case our personal attention .
Thomas F. Tierney is an experienced family law and a divorce lawyer who will work with you .
Child Custody Law Legal issues involving a child can be complex and emotionally charged .
At this difficult time for your family , you need the help of an attorney you can trust to handle your case with the utmost compassion , skill and professionalism .
One stunning statistic that hit this week regards California ’s unemployment insurance claims being paid out .
California is paying out some $ 100 million per day in unemployment benefits .
I ’m not sure if I would call it a “ benefit ” but more as a buffer to get by .
In reality if we really want to get a pulse on what Americans are facing in terms of the recession unemployment claims and benefits are a good place to start .
The unemployment rate as we all know can be fudged in many ways .
If you work 10 hours at Wal - Mart but want full - time work then you are counted as employed in terms of the headline rate .
This is n’t a big deal when a small part of the country is working part - time for economic reasons but this group is enormous ( 9 million to be exact ) .
The headline rate is 9.7 percent but add in this group and we are up to 16.9 percent .
And people seeking unemployment rarely fudge numbers because they need the money and they have to report their status every two weeks to continue receiving claims .
If we look at California for example , the numbers show anything but a recovery :
Source : California EDD
Even with 99 weeks of unemployment insurance between federal and state , extensions , and other emergency support programs we have a sizeable number of people reaching the end of their rope .
This shows how pervasive and deep this economic crisis has hit average Americans .
I tend to look at unemployment insurance payouts as a good measure to see how quickly the economy actually recovers .
After all , if after two weeks you find a job , you would expect that less would be coming out of the fund when it comes to renewing your benefits .
So it is very sensitive to market changes in the employment market .
We have so many market indicators from consumer confidence to home sales but in terms of employment , I ’d be following the unemployment insurance payouts very closely to see when things actually take a turn .
And one unique aspect ( there are many ) about this recession is the length of time people have been out of work :
Of the 15 million officially unemployed people , nearly 7 million have been unemployed for 27 weeks or more .
The problem when people remain without work this long is that they typically will be shifting into other industries .
Think of a mortgage broker that now needs to retool for another industry that is hiring ( i.e. , health care ) .
Congress is currently debating whether to extend unemployment benefits but the fact that we are even having this debate with 99 weeks of unemployment insurance in some states is troubling in itself .
In many places like Los Angeles and Detroit , you are seeing massive deficits in their budget but for different reasons .
California relied heavily on the housing bubble .
States that really built an entire tax collecting expectation around real estate are being harmed deeply :
The Real Estate Foursome California Nevada Arizona Florida
The private sector responded quicker .
Massive layoffs and crashing home values .
Yet state and local governments are still expecting revenues at higher levels .
Even if they do n’t expect it , they have n’t done anything to the level necessary of balancing their budgets .
Many middle class Americans will probably be shocked to see their local tax rates blossom even as they see their wages cut .
The other side of the budget issue has ex-manufacturing states like Michigan and Ohio that are struggling from the economic downturn but for other reasons .
People forget that Detroit for example has had a crashing housing market for over 15 years .
This has to do with the dismantling of our manufacturing base but also people leaving the city :
Once the fifth largest city in the U.S. Detroit has lost half its population in 60 years .
This has caused deep ramifications in budgets but also in how the city deals with problems .
For example , there is an effort to bulldoze parts of the city to reflect the actual services available and the new population dynamics .
Drastic measures indeed but this is what is happening .
So dwindling revenues are another important aspect of the budget crisis .
Looking at local governments because many depend on tax collections for revenues , things are still in bad shape .
So if revenues are not up to par , then it is merely a reflection of the weak economy .
These are indicators that prove to be better at giving the “ feel ” of the recession because simply looking at Wall Street , you would think that we would all be partying with a 70 + percent stock market rally .
But Wall Street does not reflect Main Street and they only care about the worker on the street when it comes to taking their money for bailouts of their horrible business decisions of the past decade .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
John Harrison looks like an unmade bed , talks more than Larry King and says he sees sound as color .
He makes speakers out of hemp , and to spend any time with him leaves you thinking he ’s smoking some of the product .
It would be easy to dismiss him as a lovable , eccentric old hippie .
But the man might just be a mad genius .
He has rethought the most fundamental part of a speaker -– the cone –- and traded paper for hemp .
The result is the Tone Tubby , and it makes guitar amps sing like Aretha Franklin .
You ’ll find them in rigs used by everyone from Billy Gibbons and Carlos Santana to Keith Richards and the guys in Metallica .
" That is one fine , fine piece of product , " Gibbons told the guitar gurus at ToneQuest Report .
" They look great , but most importantly , they sound great .
They are really stunning , and they ’ll stand tall with anything . "
High praise indeed .
But you do n’t have to be an ax - slinger to appreciate what a little hemp can do for your sound .
Harrison ’s outfit has higher ambitions .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Harrison and guys at Brown Soun – yeah , they spell it that way – started re-coning speakers in 1974 .
Harrison launched Tone Tubby 10 years ago .
Why hemp ?
It ’s durable .
It ’s renewable .
And , Harrison says , it sounds amazing .
" Hemp kicks ass , " he says .
" There ’s more music coming out of a Tone Tubby .
There ’s more tone .
When I hear paper cones , I see holes between the notes .
Spaces .
The hemp cones fill in all the spaces .
It ’s got a high end that ’s polished and smooth , not at all spiky .
And it ’s got a fuller low end that just thumps . "
Harrison was driving home from a Tubes concert when he hit upon the idea of using hemp to make speaker cones .
" There might have been some hemp involved , " he jokes .
As for the name Brown Soun , it comes from the fact Harrison says he sees music as color .
And his favorite music is brown .
That ’s the color of a 1959 Gibson Les Paul plugged into a Marshall stack turned to 10 .
And the dropped " d " ?
" It just sounded better , " he says with a shrug .
" It ’s a ' 70s thing . "
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Having made a name for himself among musicians , Harrison branched out into car audio two years ago .
" We ’re going to market them as Hemp Hop to the 16 - to 28 - year - old set , " Harrison said .
The slogan is : " Nothing hits like hemp ! "
That might not fly with the adults or the automakers Harrison hopes might start , ahem , using his product .
He ’s got a plan for that .
" For everyone else , it ’s Green Thunder , " he says .
" I ca n’t go to General Motors and say , ‘ Hey !
I ’ve got these hemp speakers you might like .
They ’re called Hemp Hop . ’
They ’ll say , ‘ Get the hell outta here ! ’ "
Brown Soun still re-cones old speakers , and it ’s launching its own line of high - end home audio speakers this year .
" It ’s gonna be huge , " Harrison predicts .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Harrison ’s customers range from Carlos Santana and Eric Clapton to Bobby Carradine .
Yes , the guy from the Revenge of the Nerds movies .
He ’s is on a tone quest of his own , and apparently he is a guitar nerd who sweats the details .
" He calls me like twice a day , " Harrison says .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
New Way Chicago manufactures the cones using hemp grown in the Philippines .
You ’ll find the cones in everything Brown Soun makes , and Harrison has licensed them to Eminence – which offers five hemp - cone speakers of its own .
" We like to use hemp cones because it allows us to get another unique tonality , " says Anthony Lucas of Eminence .
" Hemp is stiffer than other pulp formulations .
It has a slower breakup characteristic and sounds very warm and smooth with mellow highs . "
Lucas says the speakers are " great for taming bright amps . "
" They have interesting mid-range qualities , " he says .
" Most speakers are either very cutting are lacking in mids .
The hemp cones are humped in the mids , but it 's a very warm , smooth , creamy delivery .
The lows are typically fatter and warmer , as well .
They have a nice , woody , organic type of character . "
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Harrison uses top - shelf parts .
The cones and baskets are made in America .
The copper - clad aluminum coils are made in Britain .
And the magnets are from Australia .
Harrison figures he ’s built about 10,000 Tone Tubby speakers .
He ’s the first to say he ’s no scientist , so he ca n’t explain why hemp is better than traditional paper cones .
Neither can we .
But we installed a pair in our ' 66 Blackface Pro Reverb and the high end is clear without any painful spikes and the low end is tight without any concern with farting out .
Not a scientific study , but the sound makes us feel the buzz .
Not everyone agrees .
Skip Simmons , who has been repairing and restoring vintage amplifiers for 20 years , is n’t knocking Brown Soun and has a lot of respect for what Harrison has done .
But he says speakers are " like chocolate or strawberry . "
Some people like one , some like the other , and no one is right or wrong .
" At some level , you ca n’t really tell the difference , " he said .
" It ’s all a matter of taste .
There ’s been lots of great speakers … all the Jensens , the Celstions .
They ’re fabulous . "
That ’s not to say Simmons does n’t recommend replacing a speaker , or even using a Tone Tubby .
If you ’ve blown a speaker , obviously you ’ve got to replace it .
If you hope to one day sell your like - new tweed Fender Harvard , you may want to stuff the original speaker in the closet .
And if you ’re playing through some middle - of - the road amp you picked up at a chain store , yes , replacing that crappy speaker will almost certainly improve your tone .
But , he says , there are a lot of great players making a lot of great music who did n’t pay $ 300 for a Tone Tubby with an alnico magnet .
" Elvin Bishop would probably say , ‘ Huh ?
What are you talking about ?
$ 300 for a speaker ? ’ "
Simmons said .
We do n’t play like Elvin Bishop , so we ’ll take all the help we can get .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
The finish on Tone Tubby speakers is deeper than the Grand Canyon .
A gleaming paint job seems completely pointless , but it ’s speaks to Harrison ’s craftsmanship .
" People never cared what speakers looked like .
They all said , ‘ They go in the cabinet .
Who cares ? ’
I care .
It ’s like the gas tank on a Harley .
It does n’t make you go any faster , but it makes you feel better if it looks good .
Same goes for a speaker .
When you ’re playing , you ’re going to feel a little better playing through a Ferrari red speaker . "
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Harrison is not at all shy about praising his own product .
Of course , it helps when a guy like Billy Gibbons compares them favorably to some of the most lustworthy speakers ever made : blue - frame Jensens and Celestion Greenbacks .
And Electro - Voice ?
Please .
" An EV speaker is a Volkswagen , " Harrison says .
" My speakers is a Ferrari . "
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
The speakers are color - coded .
Red ones have alnico magnets and go for $ 300 .
Green ones have ceramic magnets and go for $ 150 ( an 8 - incher will run you $ 100 ) .
The alnicos are the most popular but they are n’t any better or worse than the ceramics .
Just different .
" Ceramic magnets are just as good as alnico , " Simmons said .
" A lot of vintage amps used ceramic magnet speakers . "
If you ’ve got an amp with two ( or more ) speakers , Harrison suggests going half and half with an alnico and a ceramic .
Wire them up , plug in your guitar and stand back .
" We call that the H bomb , " he said .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
All of the alnico speakers are made in Harrison ’s workshop in San Rafael , California .
MisCo in Minnesota makes the ceramic ones .
The great irony of Tone Tubby is the man behind them is n’t a guitarist .
He can play , but it ’s strictly a second instrument .
" I ’m a keyboard player , " Harrison says .
" Is n’t that great ?
I dial in everybody ’s tone and I ’m a keyboard player . "
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
" Carlos Santana was my very first customer , " Harrison says .
" He ’s one of the guys I ’ve had for years .
Of course , he told Clapton , so Clapton had to get some . "
Turns out Clapton did n’t think much of his Tone Tubbys at first .
" We sent him two alnicos .
He said , ‘ Yeah , thanks , no ’ and had his tech stick ‘ em in the studio , " Harrison recalls .
" About a year later his tech is going through the studio , discovered them and loved them .
He asked us for more Tone Tubby speakers because he was building an amp for Clapton .
Clapton ’s still using them .
He loves them . "
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Harrison uses the words " Santana " and " Clapton " almost as frequently as " tone . "
You think he ’s pulling your leg about all the musicians he knows until you see the stuff tucked away in his shop .
The drum riser from Santana ’s last tour .
Bits and pieces of Neil Young ’s gear .
A road case with Neil Schon ’s name stenciled on it .
His most cherished possession is a pile of 50 speaker baskets from Jerry Garcia ’s amps .
" I built some speakers for Carlos Santana using some of those baskets , " Harrison said .
" Think of the karma those speakers have .
Jerry played through them , then Carlos played through them . "
No , Harrison wo n’t build you a speaker with one of Jerry ’s baskets .
You are not worthy .
" I ’m not gonna use those baskets for just anybody , " he said .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
In a second case , another appeal judge said the actions of Devon County Council in pursuing plans to have a baby adopted without giving the natural mother a last chance to show he was safe with her was likely to be perceived as ' ' more like Stalin 's Russia or Mao's China than the west of England ' ' .
Mr Rennie said the police officers should be taken on depending on their ' ability to do the job ' , rather than filling quotas from Home Office chiefs , and that any kind of discrimination - positive or negative - has ' no place ' in the police service .
Dave , I know I 'm supposed to use BNC connectors , it 's just that I do n't have them .
This is actually my first oscilloscope so I just have the out - of - box parts and whatever I can check out from school .
I 'll do a full how - to when this is peer reviewed , I think , but here 's what I found .
At first I thought it would be trivial , it was pretty clear that this was a Butterworth filter from the frequency vs. voltage plots that have been posted , so there should be some row of inductors and capacitors .
I found one , but it was a filter for the AD8370 power .
I figured that out by tracing it to the pin and then checking the datasheet .
Then as I read the datasheet ( should have thought of this FIRST ) I ran into something interesting .
In the app notes they specifically mention using this as a variable gain amplifier for low - resolution AD converters .. like an 8 bit AD converter .
This is on page 19 of 28 , and right at the top of the page is a Butterworth filter with a Cauer topology .
This is in case the AD converter can't handle high frequencies .. or in case you want to use the same design for two differently priced oscilloscopes .
NO WONDER the part is rubbed out !
VHI is pin 8 and VLO is pin 9 , this is the amplified output signal .
There are two gold pads on the PCB that are labelled as test points on the DS1102E .
I noticed attenuation here .
Then , looking through the comments on Dave 's teardown blog I saw that someone guessed the part number for the smaller , 8 - pin part .
It was n't the right part number , but it fit the bill exactly ( this is not an Analog Devices part , though , because it matches none of their ADC drivers not a TI part either ) .
The only thing that was off was that the VHI and VLO pins were reversed , so I just assume this is the AD converter buffer .
The datasheet reference circuit for the AD9288 - 40 ADC uses an AD8138 .
This does n't come in a TSSOP - 8 package .
In fact , I can't find any op - amp with that configuration in a TSSOP - 8 from Analog Devices .
Looking at the board , I noticed that the signal split in two directions at the test point .
One way went to the buffer and the other went through a capacitor ..
Re-organize a bit , and it's clear that there is a high - pass filter straight between signal HI and signal LO .
This is why some of my measurements were out of phase , even though both channels were measuring the same signal .
( values based on in - circuit measurements by a cheap LC meter , not in stone )
The via hanging off of the inductor has a direct path to the shift register , I 'm not sure why .
It 's not grounded , and I do n't know why it would be tied to a logic high anywhere , not sure what 's going on .
There 's a via hanging off of the inductor at the top too , I could n't find where it goes .
So my " hack " was just to remove the capacitor on the VoutHI pin .
I just now took all of the measurements as I was making the drawings , and I took out the other cap on the VoutLO pin .
There does n't seem to be any additional change , I believe that the AD8370 output is isolated from ground , which means when you sever just one capacitor the whole filter is rendered ineffective .
So all that has to be done is cut the path to the filter somehow .
I removed a capacitor with my soldering iron , you could also just slice the trace ( but that 's a little dirty ) .
In closing , your mileage may vary , at your own risk , warranty void and null , etc etc .
Here are some more good pictures , showing how the FFT smooths out with a mod and how a square wave shapes up .
Flip between them quickly and the difference is very noticeable .
Again , channel 1 ( yellow ) is unmodified , channel 2 ( blue ) has the filter removed .
Well , of course it 's about my life and stuff I think about .
Just like a quadzillionbazillion other bloggers .
I 'm obsessed with God .
I love beauty , enjoy absurdity , dance with despair , seek silence , and think everyone is goofy .
Here 's my world and what I think of it ....
James Cameron 's
Avatar tells the story of a disabled ex-marine , sent from earth to infiltrate a race of blue - skinned aboriginal people on a distant planet and persuade them to let his employer mine their homeland for natural resources .
Through a complex biological manipulation , the hero 's mind gains control of his " avatar " , in the body of a young aborigine .
These aborigines are deeply spiritual and live in harmony with nature ( they can plug a cable that sticks out of their body into horses and trees to communicate with them ) .
Predictably , the marine falls in love with a beautiful aboriginal princess and joins the aborigines in battle , helping them to throw out the human invaders and saving their planet .
At the film 's end , the hero transposes his soul from his damaged human body to his aboriginal avatar , thus becoming one of them .
Given the 3 - D hyperreality of the film , with its combination of real actors and animated digital corrections , Avatar should be compared to films such as Who Framed Roger Rabbit ( 1988 ) or The Matrix ( 1999 ) .
In each , the hero is caught between our ordinary reality and an imagined universe - of cartoons in Roger Rabbit , of digital reality in The Matrix , or of the digitally enhanced everyday reality of the planet in Avatar .
What one should thus bear in mind is that , although Avatar 's narrative is supposed to take place in one and the same " real " reality , we are dealing - at the level of the underlying symbolic economy - with two realities : the ordinary world of imperialist colonialism on the one hand , and a fantasy world , populated by aborigines who live in an incestuous link with nature , on the other .
( The latter should not be confused with the miserable reality of actual exploited peoples . )
The end of the film should be read as the hero fully migrating from reality into the fantasy world - as if , in The Matrix , Neo were to decide to immerse himself again fully in the matrix .
This does not mean , however , that we should reject Avatar on behalf of a more " authentic " acceptance of the real world .
If we subtract fantasy from reality , then reality itself loses its consistency and disintegrates .
To choose between " either accepting reality or choosing fantasy " is wrong : if we really want to change or escape our social reality , the first thing to do is change our fantasies that make us fit this reality .
Because the hero of Avatar does n't do this , his subjective position is what Jacques Lacan , with regard to de Sade , called le dupe de son fantasme .
This is why it is interesting to imagine a sequel to Avatar in which , after a couple of years ( or , rather , months ) of bliss , the hero starts to feel a weird discontent and to miss the corrupted human universe .
The source of this discontent is not only that every reality , no matter how perfect it is , sooner or later disappoints us .
Such a perfect fantasy disappoints us precisely because of its perfection : what this perfection signals is that it holds no place for us , the subjects who imagine it .
The utopia imagined in Avatar follows the Hollywood formula for producing a couple - the long tradition of a resigned white hero who has to go among the savages to find a proper sexual partner ( just recall Dances With Wolves ) .
In a typical Hollywood product , everything , from the fate of the Knights of the Round Table to asteroids hitting the earth , is transposed into an Oedipal narrative .
The ridiculous climax of this procedure of staging great historical events as the background to the formation of a couple is Warren Beatty 's Reds ( 1981 ) , in which Hollywood found a way to rehabilitate the October Revolution , arguably the most traumatic historical event of the 20th century .
In Reds , the couple of John Reed and Louise Bryant are in deep emotional crisis ; their love is reignited when Louise watches John deliver an impassioned revolutionary speech .
What follows is the couple 's lovemaking , intersected with archetypal scenes from the revolution , some of which reverberate in an all too obvious way with the sex ; say , when John penetrates Louise , the camera cuts to a street where a dark crowd of demonstrators envelops and stops a penetrating " phallic " tram - all this against the background of the singing of " The Internationale " .
When , at the orgasmic climax , Lenin himself appears , addressing a packed hall of delegates , he is more a wise teacher overseeing the couple 's love - initiation than a cold revolutionary leader .
Even the October Revolution is OK , according to Hollywood , if it serves the reconstitution of a couple .
In a similar way , is Cameron 's previous blockbuster , Titanic , really about the catastrophe of the ship hitting the iceberg ?
One should be
attentive to the precise moment of the catastrophe : it takes place when the young lovers ( Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet ) , immediately after consummating their relationship , return to the ship 's deck .
Even more crucial is that , on deck , Winslet tells her lover that when the ship reaches New York the next morning , she will leave with him , preferring a life of poverty with her true love to a false , corrupted life among the rich .
At this moment the ship hits the iceberg , in order to prevent what would undoubtedly have been the true catastrophe , namely the couple 's life in New York .
One can safely guess that soon the misery of everyday life would have destroyed their love .
The catastrophe thus occurs in order to save their love , to sustain the illusion that , if it had not happened , they would have lived " happily ever after " .
A further clue is provided by DiCaprio 's final moments .
He is freezing in the cold water , dying , while Winslet is safely floating on a large piece of wood .
Aware that she is losing him , she cries " I 'll never let you go ! " - and as she says this , she pushes him away with her hands .
Why ?
Because he has done his job .
Beneath the story of a love affair , Titanic tells another story , that of a spoiled high - society girl with an identity crisis : she is confused , does n't know what to do with herself , and DiCaprio , much more than just her love partner , is a kind of " vanishing mediator " whose function is to restore her sense of identity and purpose in life .
His last words before he disappears into the freezing North Atlantic are not the words of a departing lover , but the message of a preacher , telling her to be honest and faithful to herself .
Cameron 's superficial Hollywood Marxism ( his crude privileging of the lower classes and caricatural depiction of the cruel egotism of the rich ) should not deceive us .
Beneath this sympathy for the poor lies a reactionary myth , first fully deployed by Rudyard Kipling 's Captains Courageous .
It concerns a young rich person in crisis who gets his ( or her ) vitality estored through brief intimate contact with the full - blooded life of the poor .
What lurks behind the compassion for the poor is their vampiric exploitation .
But today , Hollywood increasingly seems to have abandoned this formula .
The film of Dan Brown 's Angels and Demons must surely be the first case of a Hollywood adaptation of a popular novel in which there is sex between the hero and the heroine in the book , but not in its film version - in clear contrast to the old tradition of adding a sex scene to a film based on a novel in which there is none .
There is nothing liberating about this absence of sex ; we are rather dealing with yet more proof of the phenomenon described by Alain Badiou in his Éloge de l'amour - today , in our pragmatic - narcissistic era , the very notion of falling in love , of a passionate attachment to a sexual partner , is considered obsolete and dangerous .
Avatar 's fidelity to the old formula of creating a couple , its full trust in fantasy , and its story of a white man marrying the aboriginal princess and becoming king , make it ideologically a rather conservative , old - fashioned film .
Its technical brilliance serves to cover up this basic conservatism .
It is easy to discover , beneath the politically correct themes ( an honest white guy siding with ecologically sound aborigines against the " military - industrial complex " of the imperialist invaders ) , an array of brutal racist motifs : a paraplegic outcast from earth is good enough to get the hand of abeautiful local princess , and to help the natives win the decisive battle .
The film teaches us that the only choice the aborigines have is to be saved by the human beings or to be destroyed by them .
In other words , they can choose either to be the victim of imperialist reality , or to play their allotted role in the white man 's fantasy .
At the same time as Avatar is making money all around the world ( it generated $ 1bn after less than three weeks of release ) , something that strangely resembles its plot is taking place .
The southern hills of the Indian state of Orissa , inhabited by the Dongria Kondh people , were sold to mining companies that plan to exploit their immense reserves of bauxite ( the deposits are considered to be worth at least $ 4trn ) .
In reaction to this project , a Maoist ( Naxalite ) armed rebellion exploded .
Arundhati Roy , in Outlook India magazine , writes that the Maoist guerrilla army
is made up almost entirely of desperately poor tribal people living in conditions of such chronic hunger that it verges on famine of the kind we only associate with sub-Saharan Africa .
They are people who , even after 60 years of India 's so - called independence , have not had access to education , health care or legal redress .
They are people who have been mercilessly exploited for decades , consistently cheated by small businessmen and moneylenders , the women raped as a matter of right by police and forest department personnel .
Their journey back to a semblance of dignity is due in large part to the Maoist cadres who have lived and worked and fought by their sides for decades .
If the tribals have taken up arms , they have done so because a government which has given them nothing but violence and neglect now wants to snatch away the last thing they have - their land . . .
They believe that if they do not fight for their land , they will be annihilated . . . their ragged , malnutritioned army , the bulk of whose soldiers have never seen a train or a bus or even a small town , are fighting only for survival .
The Indian prime minister characterised this rebellion as the " single largest internal security threat " ; the big media , which present it as extremist resistance to progress , are full of stories about " red terrorism " , replacing stories about " Islamist terrorism " .
No wonder the Indian state is responding with a big military operation against " Maoist strongholds " in the jungles of central India .
And it is true that both sides are resorting to great violence in this brutal war , that the " people 's justice " of the Maoists is harsh .
However , no matter how unpalatable this violence is to our liberal taste , we have no right to condemn it .
Why ?
Because their situation is precisely that of Hegel 's rabble : the Naxalite rebels in India are starving tribal people , to whom the minimum of a dignified life is denied .
So where is Cameron 's film here ?
Nowhere : in Orissa , there are no noble princesses waiting for white heroes to seduce them and help their people , just the Maoists organising the starving farmers .
The film enables us to practise a typical ideological division : sympathising with the idealised aborigines while rejecting their actual struggle .
The same people who enjoy the film and admire its aboriginal rebels would in all probability turn away in horror from the Naxalites , dismissing them as murderous terrorists .
The true avatar is thus Avatar itself - the film substituting for reality .
Slavoj Žižek is a philosopher and critic
The Academy Awards ceremony is on 7 March
In the latest Famitsu , magazine writers were able to get a up close and personal look at the Final Fantasy XIV Alpha Test !
They wrote all about what players can expect , and provided some very juicy information and pictures for us to enjoy .
Discuss this in the ZAM Forums !
Character Creation
Famitsu boasts that the character creation system is so deep , you 'll be nitpicking your avatar setting all day long trying to get it just right .
Even the alpha , while not complete , has a considerable amount of variations available such as face type , skin color , hair style and body size .
There are even smaller details , like putting highlights or streaks in your hair , that are customizable .
There will be brand new aspects of your character to select as well -- there will even be a number of different voice types .
The character creation process begins with selecting one 's race and customizing the avatar .
Once your character is complete , you begin the game and set up your Class , birthday and Guardian Diety .
What effects one 's Guardian Diety will have in game are unknown at this time .
Once all those steps are complete , you choose your name , which as we know consists of both a first and last name .
Seamless Fields and Instanced Areas
Leaving a town brings you into the Field Area where you have your adventures .
FFXIV will have a seamless transition between areas that requires no loading time .
From their experience with the game , Famitsu says this really gives Eorzea the feeling of a wide , expansive world .
In addition , the background music transitions naturally between the areas you traverse .
A new addition , familiar to many MMO players , is the Instanced Area .
This is where a private copy of an area is created , into which only you and your party can enter .
These will be used in FFXIV for special events , an example being when cut scenes take place in order to eliminate outside effects and noise , allowing the player to enjoy their cut scene in peace .
The Menu System
Status & Equip : Opens up the Status & Equip screen ( pictured below )
Action : Unknown ... may contain commands like Trade , Craft etc ?
Physical Bonus : Unknown ... a place to allocate points to stats ?
Item : Displays your inventory
Journal : Opens up your Guildleve menus
Party : Opens up party - related lists / functions
Map : Displays the full area map
Teleport : Instantly move to any Aetheryte you have visited at least once
Warp : Instantly return to the last Aetheryte you visited
Logout : Leave Eorzea and return to the harsh banality of Earth
Guildleve and the Battle System
Guildleves are like " quests " that you can undertake by visiting an adventurer 's guild in a city .
The contents of a Guildleve can vary player to player , and you can attempt them alone or with a group .
To begin your selected Guildleve , first you must seek out Aetheryte in a Field Area .
Players can move instantly to Aetheryte they have visited once before by selecting the " Teleport " command .
The difficulty of a Guildleve changes based on your selected party size .
However , the party sizes are not selected directly , but rather through 5 different categories .
Now , as a big kanji nut , something that I found interesting that I 'm going to bore you with here is : Judging from what is revealed in Famitsu , the party sizes are described through 四字熟語 ( yo - ji - juku - go ) or four - character idioms .
These are terms constructed of four kanji that together hold a profound meaning .
Many of these terms cannot be translated directly , or take entire sentences just to explain -- they are tough for even native Japanese to remember !
Often times , you will see them translated as clever puns or a play on words that keeps it snappy while attempting to capture the original meaning .
Here are the party sizes and difficulty levels from ☆ ( easy ) to ☆☆☆☆ ☆( hard ) Party sizes are approximated based on what we know , i.e. recommended parties are 6 - 8 members , and the max is 15 members .
☆ - 孤軍奮闘 ( ko - gun - fun - tou ) - A Lone Fighting Force , ( solo )
☆☆ - 少数精鋭 ( shou - suu - sei - ei ) - An Elite Few , ( below 6 members )
☆☆☆ - 推奨人数 ( sui - shou - nin - zuu ) - Recommened Party Size , ( 6 - 8 party )
☆☆☆☆ - 千軍万馬 ( sen - gun - ban - ba ) - A Great Army * lit. 1,000 Units & 10,000 Horses * , ( 9+ members )
☆☆☆☆☆ - 人海戦術 ( jin- kai - sen - jutsu ) - A Vertiable Ocean of People * similar in meaning to swarm / zerg* , ( ~ 15 members )
Many Guildleves involved combat , and the Famitsu team was kind enough to explain the flow of combat below :
1 ) Target your enemy -
Find the enemy you wish to attack and select it .
Once selected , the L3 button will initiate Target Lock , keeping you facing the enemy 's direction .
2 ) Ready your weapon - Move your cursor over your weapon of choice and press Circle .
Once selected , R1 will take out your weapon and ready your stance .
Now you are in " Active Mode " and able to engage the enemy .
3 ) Select your commands - A list of your commands is displayed at the bottom of the screen .
Underneath each icon is a gauge showing how much time remains until they are ready for use .
4 ) Store up your Action Gauge - Once your Action Gauge is full , you can activate commands .
To boost their effect , store up the Effect Gauge .
5 ) Using the Effect Gauge - You can activate commands immediately , or you can enhance their effects by storing up your Effect Gauge .
This gauge is constantly building , so timing is important .
Below you can see there are three levels to the Effect Gauge .
Convenience and Travel Time
Aetheryte provides the foundation for adventure for all players .
It exists out in Field Areas as well as inside cities .
Aetheryte serves as a the launching point for a Guildleve and the destination for Teleport .
All players are able to use Teleport right from the start .
In addition , once a quest is complete , an Aethereal Node will appear , allowing players to easily warp back to the original Aetheryte they came from .
Everything is designed to allow players to move around and enjoy the game with ease .
Freedom of Growth
In FFXIV , what most MMO players know as " levels " will be the character 's " Physical Level . "
Points you accumulate in battle can be freely spent on HP / MP , physical strength , intelligence or a variety of other parameters .
In other words , you can focus on one aspect of your character , or aim for balance between all stats .
The ultimate decision regarding the direction of the character is completely up to the player .
Alpha Test Hands - On Report
The team from Famitsu were able to create characters and try out the Alpha Version of FFXIV .
They put their experiences into two write - ups -- one for Disciples of War and one for Disciples of Magic .
Here are the key points of what they had to say .
Kikuo Saji : Roegadyn , Disciple of War , Pugilist
- The Character Creation system is so deep , you 'll spend all day tweaking your avatar
- Do n't fret too much over Class , you can change at anytime by changing your weapon
- The size difference between Roegadyn and Lalafell is quite massive
- You 'll love the variety of new emotes -- Lalefell are especially adorable
- Aetheryte warps you right to where you need to go for Guildleves
- Guildleve difficulty is split into 5 levels , 1 star ( easy ) 5 stars ( hard )
- The locations of target monsters for Guildleve are clearly displayed on your map
- There is a " weakened state " after dying -- HP / MP are lowered and it lasts for 5 minutes
- The game feels incredibly expansive , and it feels like you could walk on forever
- Crabs are back !
Apparently Kikuo Saji found a giant one outside town that killed him in one strike !
Opone Kikuchi : Lalafell , Disciple of Magic , Thaumaturge
- There is so much more to do in the alpha compared with the Gamescom version 7 months ago
- Again , feels character creation is like a day 's work in and of itself
- Once your MP is spent , you cannot recover it through resting
- Disciples of Magic have a basic magical ranged attack that does not consume MP
- It is possible to move while casting magic , but still important to be aware of the area of effect your spell will cover when cast
- Sheathing your weapon puts you into Passive Mode , which begins to recover HP , making it possible for even magic users to solo effectively
In a recent Supreme Court ruling , Israel has ruled that anonymity on the Internet can only be forcefully removed " where a cause of action against the anonymous commenter exists and where the anonymity was used in order to avoid liability [ . ] "
This means that simply prosecuting a case of Internet slander no longer gives the prosecution a right to uncover the identity of the defendant .
In a similar case back in August 2009 , Canadian model Liskula Cohen was attacked by an anonymous blogger in a blog called " Skanks in NY " and requested that Google revealed the identity of the blogger .
The US Supreme Court ruled in favor of the prosecution and ordered Google to release the relevant information , uncovering the anonymous poster to be 29 - year old fashion student Rosemary Port .
While Port was simply asked to cease to defamatory blogging , she went on the offensive , suing Google for $ 15 million for not protecting her rights to the proper extent .
In the Israeli case in question , Israeli healthcare practitioner Rami Mor sued an Israeli ISP to give up the identity of the blogger defaming him .
The motion was dismissed , and the case went to the Supreme Court of Israel .
They ruled that the blogger was entitled to his anonymity unless certain criteria of malice were met .
While the ruling is controversial in and of itself , the fact that the Israeli government currently has no judicial process in place to order ISPs to give up identities is causing the ruling to be even more ground - breaking than it already is .
Since there is no process to reveal identities , any motion to reveal identities of Internet users will be dropped until a legislative process is worked out .
This effectively grants unconditional anonymity to anyone on the Israeli Internet until the government can come up with a legal procedure to force ISPs to release the information requested .
Details of the proceedings and rulings can be found ( in Hebrew - but Google translates it well ) here .
( CNN ) --
" Carrying bottled water is on its way to being as cool as smoking while pregnant , " claims the video " The Story of Bottled Water , " which debuted on YouTube last month and garnered more than 450,000 views .
Is it true ?
Are liters of Evian now beyond the pale ?
Is Dasani déclassé ?
Has bottled water become the new eco - no - no ?
Not quite yet .
Though water sales have seen a recent downturn , plenty of folks are still paying for their daily hydration .
In fact , Annie Leonard 's video points out , Americans buy more than 500 million bottles of the stuff every week .
It 's second only to soda in popularity , and some industry analysts believe that by next year water will become the most - purchased beverage in the country .
She wants to redirect the flow of water .
The bottled water companies , the video insists , are " scaring us , seducing us , misleading us " into buying their products .
Leonard , the writer and narrator , gives plenty of reasons why more and more people want to " take back the tap . "
But the International Bottled Water Association accuses the video of " numerous false and misleading statements . "
" ' The Story of Bottled Water ' takes a very cynical view of the intelligence of consumers by depicting them as being dupes and victims of industry , " said Tom Lauria , IBWA 's vice president of communications .
" We think the opposite ; that consumers are really quite thoughtful in selecting and enjoying a safe , healthy , convenient , calorie - free beverage that 's delicious , refreshing and a very smart drink choice . "
However , Leonard argues that not only does tap water often beat out bottled in blind taste tests , but bottled is often less regulated than tap .
Tap water is monitored by the Environmental Protection Agency , whose standards are generally stricter than the Food and Drug Administration , which oversees most bottled - water sales .
Also , she says , tap water is certainly cheaper -- thousands of times cheaper .
Not to mention that some of the best - selling bottled waters -- Pepsi's Aquafina and Coca - Cola 's Dasani among them -- are , actually , nothing but filtered tap water .
The companies have spelled this out on labels after pressure from the consumer watchdog group Corporate Accountability International .
Add the fact that , according to Leonard , the amount of petroleum used to make water bottles every year is " enough to fuel a million cars " and that 80 percent of supposedly recyclable plastic bottles end up in landfills , you have the makings a ecological crusade .
IBWA counters on its website that bottled water containers are 100 percent recyclable and the bottles are " the nation 's most recycled plastic container . "
To back up its claims , the organization put its own video " Good Stewards " on YouTube .
The bottle backlash has been bubbling up for a while .
Tapping into civic pride
What the video calls " one of the dumbest moves in advertising history " happened back in 2006 .
High - end brand Fiji started a campaign intended to tout its expensively - imported - from - the - tropics water .
" The label says Fiji because it 's not bottled in Cleveland , " read the copy in a series of glossy magazine ads .
This did not sit well with the good people of Cleveland , Ohio , who were rather proud of their city 's tap water .
Cleveland Public Utilities director Julius Ciaccia had the local water tested against the pricey bottled stuff .
Fiji water had 6.31 micrograms of arsenic per liter ; the city tap had zero .
The company disputed the findings , but the first major battle of the water wars left Fiji looking less than pure .
Thou shalt not bottle
Initial organized resistance to the bottled water industry came not from the usual urban green crowd , but from Christian groups .
In 2006 , members of the National Coalition of American Nuns pledged to avoid bottled water unless absolutely necessary .
Later that year , the United Church of Christ partnered with the National Council of Churches to produce a documentary , " Troubled Waters , " about the ethics of water use , which aired on ABC .
For many progressive people of faith , the very idea of privatizing water -- profiting from a shared natural resource -- is abhorrent .
Bottled water is not just bad for the environment ; to some , it 's a sin .
Restaurants follow suit
Since Perrier started marketing its mineral water as a luxury item in the 1970s , American restaurants have made a point of offering customers bottled water with their meals .
But then famed California chef Alice Waters banned bottled water at her restaurant , Chez Panisse , in 2006 .
The next year she started serving patrons home - engineered sparkling water .
Other Bay Area restaurants followed suit , and the idea made its way to New York , where celebrity chef Mario Batali 's fanciest joint , Del Posto , banned the bottle .
The idea became fashionable enough that a 2007 article in the online magazine Slate talked about the " reverse snob appeal " of tap water .
Bottle Bans
A growing number of schools have active anti-bottled water movements .
Washington University in St. Louis , Missouri , was probably the first college to ban all bottled water sales on campus , back at the beginning of 2009 ; the University of Portland did the same a few months ago .
Similar bans are being discussed at Wesleyan , American University and Evergreen State College , among other schools .
Local governments are also getting into the act .
San Francisco , California , Mayor Gavin Newsom was a pioneer , forbidding the use of city money to buy bottled water back in 2007 .
Seattle , Washington , followed suit the next year .
During the recent Winter Olympic Games , Vancouver , British Columbia , started a campaign to encourage visitors to choose free local water over the bottle -- even though Dasani bottler Coca - Cola was a sponsor of the Games .
Bottles under a microscope
Journalist Michael Pollan has turned into a hero -- and a best - selling author -- with his eco-conscious explorations of the food system ; Morgan Spurlock found fame with his anti-fast food documentary " Super Size Me . "
Might bottled water be the new frontier in activist journalism ?
Reporter Elizabeth Royte was ahead of the curve with her 2008 book " Bottlemania , " a look at the people and economies behind the water industry .
Environmental scientist Peter Gleick has just published " Bottled and Sold : The Story Behind Our Obsession with Bottled Water , " which includes more than 100 bottled water recalls on everything from mold contamination to algae , bacteria , glass particles and -- believe or not -- crickets .
Meanwhile " Tapped , " a new feature - length documentary by Stephanie Soechtig , has been screening the country with a " Get Off the Bottle " tour .
Greener bottles
Bottled water companies have n't simply ignored all the criticism .
The Nestle company , which bottles several brands of water , issued a study pointing out that water has a lower environmental impact than sports drinks and other beverages .
Both Coca - Cola 's Dasani and Pepsi's Aquafina have introduced new bottles that are supposedly " greener " than those used before .
And Fiji maintains charitable and ecological campaigns to highlight the company 's awareness .
" Greenwashing " is the view of many in the environmental movement , who believe that this is all nothing but PR spin .
Hal Fulton interviews Shay Friedman , the author of IronRuby Unleashed , about writing code at the age of 8 , why IronRuby is much more than a bridge between .NET and Ruby , and why both Rubyists and .NET developers should use IronRuby .

Hal Fulton :
Tell us about your background -- Ruby , .NET , other interesting career highlights ?
Shay Friedman : I started to write code at the age of 8 .
I wrote DOS scripts that created convenient menus so I could execute my games more easily .
Since I was 16 , I 've been working professionally .
I started as a web developer using ColdFusion and ASP and then moved on and joined the Israeli Defense Forces ( IDF ) as a developer .
At the beginning I used C++ , but as soon as .NET 1.0 was out I moved on to develop C# and ASP.
NET applications .
After I finished my service , I joined Advantech 's Microsoft division as a .NET developer and consultant .
I worked on a few different projects .
One of them was ActionBase , where I stayed and worked as a team leader creating an ASP .
NET web application and office add-ins with .
NET 2.0 and 3.5 .
During my work in ActionBase , about 2 years ago , I heard about the DLR -- the Dynamic Language Runtime -- that Microsoft had started to work on .
One of the languages that Microsoft built on top of the DLR was IronRuby and as a result , I got into Ruby .
Learning Ruby was jaw - dropping for me -- so many great concepts , so many possibilities .
Since then I 've been involved with the IronRuby community , helping with the mailing list , writing blog posts , speaking at public events -- everything to make .NET developers understand what I have found out -- Ruby is awesome !
Currently I work in the Sela Group as a .NET consultant and instructor specializing in dynamic languages where I consult and instruct courses all over the world .
Hal :
What exactly is IronRuby , first of all ?
Is it a Ruby -.NET bridge ?
A reimplementation of Ruby on top of .NET ?
Something else entirely ?
Shay : IronRuby is a Ruby implementation that runs on top of the .NET framework .
It is built on top of the .NET Dynamic Language Runtime ( DLR ) , which in turn , is based on the .NET Common Language Runtime ( CLR ) .
The CLR was built with static languages in mind , so Microsoft took it one step farther and created the DLR , the Dynamic Language Runtime , which provides the needed services for dynamic languages , such as IronRuby and IronPython , that run on top of it .
This architecture generates a wonderful result -- integration with any other CLR - and DLR - based language like C# , VB.NET and IronPython .
But that 's not all .
IronRuby ’s goal was to provide seamless integration with .NET objects .
After some hard work by the IronRuby team , the result is fantastic .
Via a simple require statement , you can use any .NET assembly from Ruby code .
Moreover , since .NET static languages have different naming conventions , the IronRuby team has added a " name mangling " feature that allows calling .NET methods in Ruby naming conventions ( for example , GetName will be converted to get_name ) .
Currently IronRuby is in RC2 state and passes 86 % of RubySpec , with 98 % of the language spec .
The performance , according to recent benchmarks is excellent -- more than two times faster ( some say even four times faster ) than the popular Ruby implementation , MRI .
These statistics put IronRuby in a great position to become the primary Ruby implementation for Windows ( even though it is also supported by the Mono project -- not officially though ) .
Hal : How does IronRuby compare with past projects such as a Ruby - to -. NET " bridge " ?
Shay : IronRuby is much more than a bridge between .NET and Ruby .
For example , as a result of the .NET framework architecture , IronRuby code is eventually written on top of the CLR ( Common Language Runtime ) .
Consequently , IronRuby code is converted to CIL , then to machine code and eventually gets executed on the target machine .
This generates a wonderful result -- since all .NET languages end up as CIL , it is possible to share code between languages -- for example , execute IronPython libraries from IronRuby and vice versa .
Have you ever considered using Django from Ruby code or Ruby on Rails from Python code ?
It is now possible with the DLR .
IronRuby code , like any other code in the .NET framework , is first converted to CIL and then is converted to machine code by the JIT , and gets executed on the target machine .
You can execute IL code in IronRuby directly by using .
NET 's Reflection .
Emit method .
Hal :
How mature , how usable is IronRuby ?
Shay : Since IronRuby has n't been released yet ( release is planned in the next few months ) , there is no big project that uses IronRuby currently .
I guess that only after version 1.0 is out will we be able to tell whether IronRuby is a success or a failure .
Hal : Suppose Rubyists are unfamiliar with .
NET -- why should we care about it ?
Shay : For Rubyists , IronRuby is an opportunity to use the great .NET frameworks like WPF , which is an incredible user interface framework , and Silverlight , which is an RIA ( Rich Internet Application ) framework that gains more popularity by the minute .
These frameworks and others can be exploited almost seamlessly from Ruby code via IronRuby .
In addition , IronRuby runs Ruby on Rails applications , and because of the natural integration of IIS and .
NET , IronRuby makes a great choice whenever you need to deploy your RoR application to an IIS server .
Hal : Conversely , suppose a .NET coder has never tried Ruby -- offer that person an elevator pitch as well .
Shay : .NET developers have so much to gain from IronRuby .
Just like my Ruby experience was jaw - dropping , any .NET developer will be amazed on how fun and powerful Ruby programming is .
In a more practical perspective , IronRuby can be used for several different everyday tasks of the .NET developer .
These include extending .NET applications with ease , writing internal tools and POCs faster , and taking advantage of Ruby 's amazing test frameworks to test .NET code .
Hal :
When you constructed this book , were you thinking of it as a reference , a tutorial , or in some other way entirely ?
Shay :
The book was constructed as a mix .
Some parts , like The Ruby Language ( 2nd part ) and IronRuby Fundamentals ( 3rd part ) , have been written as a reference so you can go and look there whenever a question pops up .
However , the fourth part , which goes over several .NET and Ruby frameworks and shows how to take advantage of them via IronRuby , has been written in a more tutorial way .
If I were to write a reference about each technology , the book would have become an encyclopedia .
Hal :
Why " iron , " by the way ?
Was IronPython the first to use this adjective ?
Shay : Actually , " iron " is an acronym for " Implementation Running on . NET . "
I have no idea who used it first , though .
Hal :
What did you learn while writing this book ?
Shay : I learned so much .
Writing a book really takes you to a mastership level .
You must go into details , you must write about the bits and bytes , because there is a chance that someone out there will want this information .
All in all , writing IronRuby Unleashed was a great experience -- exhausting but very , very satisfying .
Each fall , I buy a new variety of daffodil – or two or three – to try .
Last year , I bought three bulbs of the most beautiful daffodil yet .
It ’s called Daphne [ see first photo above ] and is exquisite .
I tried Obdam one year – it is such a heavy double - triple flower that it cannot stand up in my yard .
This year , it was blasted in the heat .
It was n't the only one .
This spring has seen a wide array of blasted daffodils .
Two heat waves ( one day , it was 91 F.! ) , have destroyed the blossoms for this year on many varieties , especially doubles .
But even if you 're an experienced gardener , you do n’t get to control everything , and this is how nature goes .
Hail could be next .
Among daffodils that have done well for me , Lemon Glow is a beauty – pale yellow and typical daffodil shape .
On this scan [ first photo at left ] , the pale , translucent areas appear gray – they are white in real life .
Firetail is the beautiful poeticus on the scan .
And as some of you saw with my earlier scans , Professor Einstein with that fantastic orange center , was a favorite last year .
[ Click here to read the earlier post about scanning : " My favorite garden tool : A scanner . " ]
Also on the scan is the flower of hesperis – Dame ’s Rocket , fothergilla ’s fragrant white bottle brush blossom , and the inevitable bleeding heart .
Also included is a lovely shrub magnolia flower – inside and out .
I think its name is Jane .
[ See second photo at left . ]
What an unusual spring .
Quince is blooming with dogwood and redbud .
Quince is usually so early and completely finished by the time dogwoods emerge .
The kerria is starting to bloom .
The double - flowered variegated form is just starting [ see Photo No. 2 above ] , while the odd kerria with cream - colored flowers has been going for more than a week .
Getting all the late summer bloomers cut back has kept me busy this spring .
Butterfly bushes , blue - mist shrub ( caryopteris ) , lavender , sage , santolina , bush clover ( lespedeza ) , and beautyberry ( callicarpa ) benefit from heavy pruning now .
Looks like I lost my Pauline Lilly redbud this winter .
It has the palest shell - pink flowers , really lovely … or was .
Appalachian Red [ see Photo No. 3 above ] is blooming madly – a beautiful reddish purple , quite distinct from normal redbuds .
More than equal to Pauline , since it is alive !
But now I know that those quiet days of early spring are over .
The mad rush is on .
Donna Williamson is one of nine garden writers who blog weekly at Diggin ' It .
She 's a master gardener , garden designer , and garden coach .
She has taught gardening and design classes at the State Arboretum of Virginia , Oatlands in Leesburg , and Shenandoah University .
She ’s also the founder and editor of Grandiflora Mid-Atlantic Gardening magazine , and the author of “ The Virginia Gardener ’s Companion : An Insider ’s Guide to Low Maintenance Gardening in Virginia . ”
She lives in the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia .
-----
To read more by Donna , click here .
The Monitor ’s main gardening page offers articles on many gardening topics .
Access all our blog posts here ( keep scrolling down to read more ) ,
If you do n't want to miss any of our gardening coverage , consider subscribing to the RSS feed of the gardening page and the RSS feed of Diggin ' It .
Do visit Gardening With the Monitor on Flickr .
Take part in the discussions and get answers to your gardening questions .
If you join the group ( it ’s free ) , you can upload your garden photos and enter our current contest .
Love must Govern every relationship in the Christian life .
STATUS : CLOSED TO FICTION SUBMISSIONS
STATUS : CLOSED TO POETRY SUBMISSIONS
FICTION : send a story ( text , attachment , whatever ) to : submissions at bullspec dot com and let us know : ( 1 ) where you are writing from as we try to keep some balance between local and global content ; and ( 2 ) if it has been previously published , where and when .
We prefer to receive submissions in a standard manuscript format such as William Shunn ’s Proper Manuscript Format but we ’re not terrifically picky .
A word count is quite helpful as well .
We do accept simultaneous submissions , just please let us know when your story is accepted elsewhere .
We do not accept multiple submissions at this time .
We ’ll read from about 1000 words ( soft edges ) to 8000 words ( soft edges ) but my sweet spot is in the 2000 - 4000 word range .
What we ’re looking for : amazing speculative fiction ( science fiction , fantasy , slipstream , etc. ) of any subgenre .
amazing speculative fiction ( science fiction , fantasy , slipstream , etc. ) of any subgenre .
What we ’d like to see more of : ( 1 ) near or further future science fiction with a more optimistic voice and picture of our shared future ; ( 2 ) well - written non-contemporary fantasy .
Note :
We ’re unlikely to like your story if it has significant amounts of graphic violence or sex , trebly so if it ’s gratuitous .
POETRY : send a poem ( text , attachment , whatever , as above ) to : poetry - submissions at bullspec dot com and , as above , let us know : ( 1 ) where you are writing from ; and ( 2 ) if it has been previously published , where and when .
If sending multiple poems in one submission , please let us know if they are meant to be published as a set or individually .
Please send no more than 3 poems at once .
( Note : this will be updated shortly to point to a more expansive poetry guidelines post . )
PAYMENT : for all original poetry and fiction , advance payment is $ 0.05 / word , $ 5 minimum for poetry , $ 50 minimum for fiction ; for reprints , advance payment is $ 0.01 / word , $ 1 minimum for poetry , $ 10 minimum for fiction ; plus contributor copy of the issue .
[ Note : on July 1 , 2014 , payment will rise from $ 0.05 / word to $ 0.06 / word per SFWA guidelines . ]
PERMISSIONS : Mainly , I ’ll need to be able to print your story or poem in its magazine issue and include it in its magazine issue PDF .
Not exclusive for long , exceptions made for the big stuff .
SEATTLE –
At his 90th birthday party , April 24 , Will Parry picked up his guitar and led 400 union brothers and sisters , family , comrades , and friends in singing “ Carry It On , ” ending , “ No more tears , for we ’re still singing . ”
Sponsored by the Puget Sound Alliance of Retired Americans , the celebration resounded with songs , poetry , and heartfelt tributes .
Parry together with his late wife , Louise , helped build the labor movement and the senior citizen movement in the Pacific Northwest .
A Phi Beta Kappa graduate of the University of Washington , he worked as a factory worker at Longview Fiber , a box factory organized by the Association of Western Pulp and Paper Workers .
Robby Stern , PSARA president , told the banquet crowd , “ Will has had an inspiring presence in the lives of everyone who is here .
I have had the responsibility of stepping into the incredible shoes of the incredible Will Parry . ”
Stern urged the crowd to help place on the ballot an initiative to establish a “ a really progressive income tax in Washington State . ”
The initiative would tax couples with $ 400,000 income while lowering property taxes 20 percent .
Washington State ’s soak - the - poor 8 percent sales tax has generated sharply lower revenues during this recession , forcing health care and public education cutbacks .
“ Sign up if you are prepared to go out and collect signatures , ” Stern said .
“ This is the opportunity of our lifetime and we have to win it . ”
Rep. Jim McDermott ’s aide , David Loud , read a letter from the lawmaker hailing Parry as a leader of the fight for comprehensive , universal health care reform .
“ We are indebted to you for your years of service , ” McDermott wrote .
Ed Coyle , executive director of the Alliance of Retired Americans , brought greetings from ARA headquarters in Washington .
He said the staff waits for the arrival of the PSARA ’s newsletter , the Retiree Advocate , edited by Parry .
He praised Parry as a national leader of the senior citizen movement .
Parry ’s family was there , including his daughter Naomi , his son Jon and his brother Tom who told the crowd of their childhood and youth together , Will ’s years in the U.S. Coast Guard during World War II and his excellence as a high school and college scholar and athlete .
Jeff Johnson , assistant to the president of the Washington State Labor Council , spoke of Parry ’s affiliation with the Communist Party of Washington State , the Pension Union and the Washington Commonwealth Federation that “ became so strong they elected a Communist to the legislature ” during the 1940s .
Parry was targeted in the Red Scare of the 1950s , Johnson continued .
“ The Taft Hartley Act was passed and radicals were being purged from the labor movement .
As Will said , ‘ They drove the radicals out and it took the starch out of the labor movement . ' ”
In recent years , the Washington Labor Council “ honored him as a hero of the Washington State labor movement , ” Johnson concluded .
Bill Farris , president of AWPPW Local 817 at the corrugated box plant where Parry worked for many years , said , “ He ’s an advocate for people who needed help , an advocate for the union .
I ’ve lost count of the number of picketlines I ’ve walked with Will . ”
Lynn Domingo , an organizer with Legacy of Equality , Leadership , and Organizing , said she enrolled in a labor history course Parry was teaching at Shoreline Community College .
“ I was floundering , wondering where I was going , ” she said .
“ I have to thank you for the salvation you provided in that class . ”
Thurston Muskelly , board member of the Central Area Senior Center , praised Parry for his fightback against President Reagan ’s drive to “ destroy public health . ”
The center was facing bankruptcy and Parry spearheaded a fund drive that brought in $ 131,000 .
Ron McGaha , a member of Machinists Local 751 , recited a poem he wrote about Parry : “ On his very first night , he rose up in bed and to his mother he said , ‘ I ’ll nurse from the left , not from the right ’ …
Will taught us all in ways great and small , that progress always comes from the left , not the right . ”
The room erupted in laughter and cheers .
Rebel Voices sang their ballad , Borderlines : “ I lose my job to El Salvador where for fifty cents a day a woman sweats her life away and now they tell me she ’s my enemy ” and the last line , “ Someday our day will come around and we will stand and face our common enemy . ”
With his guitar slung over his shoulder , Parry thanked the crowd and echoed the appeal to get enough signatures to put the State Income Tax initiative on the ballot .
“ I ’m glad my birthday served as an excuse to get us all together , ” he said .
It is a time , he said , to celebrate the unity and strength of the movement , “ not the feeble strength of one . ”
Photo : Will Parry takes the podium with his guitar .
Tim Wheeler / PW
Thomas Friedman , quoted in 2006 : “ I do n’t know whether I ’m successful or not — depends on your metric — but I ’m sure having fun .
Never had a bad day .
Shame on me if I did . ”
Thomas Friedman , columnist for the Gray Lady of New York , who pontificates twice weekly in the Times “ opinion pages , ” is , by any accounting , almost always wrong .
He lives in the above pictured Bethesda , Maryland McMansion of a mere 11,000 sq. feet .
Perpetual wrongness is a stance he shares with his co-columnist Bill Kristol , whose smiling face peers out inanely each week as he spills forth some form of mental excrement for which he is surely equally well recompensed .
Doubtless Mr Kristol also lives in a house of similar proportions .
Why the Times gives these two people the dignity and “ authority ” of space to publish their alleged thoughts is beyond me , though it smacks of establishment corruption .
Mr Friedman , who , like Kristol , is taken as some kind of “ expert , ” never admits to his errors – rather he scurries to attempt to cover them , taking tactical distance each time a brilliant idea he has advocated turns to shit .
Friedman was an ardent supporter of the Iraq invasion and illegal war , pounding the drums as loud as anyone .
When the WMD failed to materialize , and the flower - strewn welcome to America ’s Democracy - at - the - point - of - a - gun did not happen , Friedman , as is his style , did a little foot shuffle , blamed his hero Bush for mismanagement , and went on as if he had nothing to do with the Iraq fiasco .
He previously waxed lyrical about the wonders of out - sourced globalized labor published an inane book , The World is Flat , until the US economy tanked in part thanks to the decimation of US labor which globalization incurred .
This is his MO , ever - wrong and ever moving on to new enlightenments .
A recent one is that now that “ the surge ” has allegedly worked , Iraq will indeed morph into the beacon of democracy in the nasty middle - east , which was , at some juncture , said to be the raison d’etre of the attack , and that hence Bush will in the long run be proven right .
Never mind a little unprovoked illegal war of aggression , torture , and rape of a country of 23 million , half of whom were children , which could hardly ever have posed a threat to the US , but did sit on top of a very sizable pool of oil .
Never mind the global blow - back from the ugliness of American actions there .
I ’ve written any number of Letters to the Editor of the Gray Lady , taking Mr. Friedman to task for his hypocrisies and errors .
Naturally none were ever published .
The other day Mr Friedman turned his pen and his imagined intelligence to the matter of America ’s fiscal disorder :
“ This financial meltdown involved a broad national breakdown in personal responsibility , government regulation and financial ethics … .
So many people were in on it : People who had no business buying a home , with nothing down and nothing to pay for two years ; people who had no business pushing such mortgages , but made fortunes doing so ; people who had no business bundling those loans into securities and selling them to third parties , as if they were AAA bonds , but made fortunes doing so ; people who had no business rating those loans as AAA , but made a fortunes doing so ; and people who had no business buying those bonds and putting them on their balance sheets so they could earn a little better yield , but made fortunes doing so . ”
“ That ’s how we got here — a near total breakdown of responsibility at every link in our financial chain , and now we either bail out the people who brought us here or risk a total systemic crash .
These are the wages of our sins . ”
In this litany of finger - pointing Mr Friedman , seemingly like everyone else involved , fails to point a finger at himself , or at the 5th Estate for which he works .
Nope , Thomas is not doubting , and as usual he knows best .
Just how he secured the funds for his 7 acre spread and 11 thousand square feet of posh property surely has nothing to do with our financial problems .
Getting paid obscene fees for lectures based on the sinppets of wisdom one has had printed in the national press , however consistently wrong that wisdom has proven to be , cannot be cited as a moral failure , nor painted as an example of what has gone so woefully wrong with America ( lack of accountability ? ) – after all it ’s made a handsome living for the man .
In his column Mr Friedman never utters the word most applicable to the machinations of Wall Street honchos who were instrumental in cooking this stew , one of whom is presently our Secretary of the Treasury and another of which is scheduled to be so come confirmation after January 20th 2009 .
The word is “ corrupt . ”
Perhaps he cannot coax this word from his lips since it would apply equally well to him and his behavior .
Another is doubtless “ criminal , ” though that would require proof in court .
That the practices of Wall Street have been corrupt is transparent , even to those who lack any particular education in the finer fiscal arts .
Taking away the veil of fashionable costly men’s wear , the suits and ties , the elegant cars , the multiple houses and condos , what we have is a mess of scheming thieves who lathered their deals with impenetrable mumbo- jumbo , and sold massive amounts of debt as value .
Mr Ponzi would be proud , just as would any street - corner shell gamester .
And , like the guy down on the corner who probably cut a deal with the local cops on the beat , the Wall Street con artists long ago cut a deal with their police – the Federal Government .
In fact they did n’t cut a deal , they bought the whole joint : Mr Paulson , Secretary of the Treasury , arm of the US Government which is alleged to oversee and regulate the securities industry , meet Mr Paulson , recent CEO of the now beleagured too - big - to - fail Goldman Sachs , who was deeply involved in cooking up all those debt - is - value hot tamales which were sold to pension funds , 401 ( k ) holders , and others , and all of whom have now discovered that debt is not a high - interest cash - cow , but in fact a hole in your wallet .
Meanwhile for his expertise in this innovative turn on Ponzi ’s schemes , Mr Paulson waltzed home with a mere $ 700,000,000 in pay , not to mention the bonus he got on top of that .
So , while the shadows seem to be closing in on this brilliant wizard of Wall Street , one imagines at least his retirement will not exactly be onerous .
If , in due time , it proves not to be honorable .
Friedman has built a comfortable life , even leaving aside his wife ’s family fortune .
His speaking fee recently passed $ 50,000 ; with his Times salary , syndication rights , and royalties from his bestselling books , his annual income easily reaches seven figures .
When he ’s not on the road , he is a regular fixture in Aspen where his in - laws have a house , and at his country clubs .
Locally he belongs to Bethesda Country Club and Caves Valley near Baltimore .
Mr Henry Paulson , US Secretary of the Treasury , former CEO of Goldman Sachs
However , did Mr Friedman , or his fellow pundits ever utter a word about the revolving door of corporate - government cosiness , the blatant conflicts of interest , and the transparent corruption which had become the Wall Street - K Street norm ?
Not on your life .
After all do n’t you imagine the next door neighbors there in Bethesda are likely the lobbyists who played bagmen for this whole culture ?
Is Mr Friedman , like George Will and a host of others , himself not little more than a fig - leaf of intellectual camouflage for the entire scam ?
To say “ the system ” has long since gone rotten to the core , including the 5th estate and the myriad talking heads of Sunday ’s corporate TV , each long ago bought and sold , like General McCaffrey , a military - industrial shill passed off as “ expert ” and duly paid to mouth the arms dealer ’s latest line , are all symptomatic of the illness .
Each day brings new perfectly consistent revelations of the corruption which is , in their favored phrase , bottom - line , the truth of our country and its culture : corruption , top down to bottom .
Now , as the hollowed - out , “ globalized , ” off - shored , out - sourced , derivative - laden American ship of debt sinks , these same people clamor that unseemly as it is , we must now bail out the guilty in order to save the innocent , since the entire system , like each of its major components ( AIG , Goldman Sachs , GM , etc. ) is “ too big to fail . ”
It was all our faults ( except Thomas ’ ) , so they insist , and in order to save the innocent worthy we must save the system – which after all is the only system we ’ve got or can imagine having , and which , in point of fact , is manned and run almost exclusively by the devious , the unethical , the unworthy .
The mantra goes , we ’re all in this boat together .
It joins the previous one which was repeated by our RightRadio , that we must n’t have any class warfare as the concentration of wealth exponentially narrowed and the middle and bottom got squeezed out of the national accounts .
Nope , must n’t have any of that class warfare .
While Mr Friedman and his country - club friends will certainly be far more unscathed by the slide into depression than will the “ Joe the Plumbers , ” even they will perhaps begin to feel the chill as their drives to and from their Aspen or Bethesda enclaves require an armed escort as so many of the soon - to - be - very - pissed - off lumpen proletariat , unemployed and headed down , whacked on meth , are , especially out in the rural realms favored as retreats for the rich , well - armed and potentially very dangerous .
Perhaps it is time to invest in companies specializing in Kevlar lined helicopters and Blackwater can take up domestic “ security ” instead of rampaging around Iraq .
Georg Grozs
The scenario above should be a caricature , but unhappily it is not .
It is a realistic portrait of a culture gone to seed , corroded and auto - deluded .
It is the culture America has been living in for some decades now , increasingly lost in a sequence of escalating delusions , while ever patting itself on the back about American exceptionalism .
These delusions materialize in a generation or two of young people – and older , too – who cannot spell , write , or speak coherently – not just your local yokal , but nice middle - class and better college educated kids .
Our soon to depart President exemplifies this – and he has degrees from Yale and Harvard .
And just how did he get them ?
Where does the corruption begin ?
These delusions materialize in the assumption of many that wealth is simply one ’s due , and on graduation from a university , where one failed to learn how to spell , write or read , an annual paycheck of $ 70,000 or more is a given .
Or on winning American Idol , or a visit to Vegas .
It materializes when a parent shells out $ 50,000 or $ 70,000 a year in university tuition fees , and expects an A in turn , and the college professor in order to retain their job , shrugs and gives the required stamp of approval : they bought it .
It materializes when a business executive flies first class , hotels the same , wines and dines , sluts , all on the company tab .
“ Expenses . ”
It materializes when the CEO of a corporation pays himself in collusion with his boardroom friends obscene fees to drive his company into bankruptcy , which he eludes with an insider dump of his stocks just before the fall , and departs with a pre-arranged golden parachute .
“ Business . ”
Tom Mix
Another fake cowboy
In a corrupted society it materializes almost anywhere , and is taken as natural and normal .
Americans , carefully trained to believe in their own exceptionalism and innate goodness , tend to think corruption is always somewhere else : in Mexico , in Argentina , in Pakistan , in Italy or Turkey , or maybe in the precinct station in a bad part of town .
It is our peculiar corruption to so paint ourselves , ever the guys in the white hats , while we have historically charged San Juan hill , the shores of Tripoli , and anywhere else where it seemed useful , profitable , and necessary to our ruling oligarchy .
But we did it , and we ’re Americans , so naturally whatever we did , it was , bottom - line , for the good of the other party : “ We had to destroy the village to save it . ”
Or , Wars R Us .
Our real exceptionalism lies in our endless capacity for self - dealing and denial .
To place all this in perspective , the below are crystals that were around on earth 3.5 billion years ago , and from which , so they say , our scientists get information indicating that some form of life on this planet may have been kicking by then :
Dec. 13 2008
I feel the need to post this addendum , as Mr Friedman , as is his way , just keeps on keeping on .
Here , today , is the lead - off of his NYT column :
If there is anything I ’ve learned as a reporter , it ’s that when you get away from “ the thing itself ” — the core truth about a situation — you get into trouble .
The fundamental thing about Mr Friedman is that he seems unable to apply this little maxim to the most fundamental thing at hand : himself .
In the same column he excoriates the banks and financial system , Detroit , and Kabul .
Along the way he pats himself on the back for Iraq , though events in Iraq were inextricably attached to the Iraq story : blatant corruption and the original sin that the grounds for the war , alleged WMD , was a lie .
Just like the mystical cash - cow of derivatives was a lie , and just like the logic of Detroit was a lie .
As ever , little Tommy frantically wriggles away from is own bad bets , just like his once - hero Mr George Walker Bush does .
The biggest cheer - leader for the illegal and immoral invasion of Iraq ; a hyped - up proponent of globalization and somewhere if I recall properly a big supporter of the war in Afghanistan – now , without a hint of his previous positions , Mr Friedman reverses himself , passing on his new little nuggets of wisdom .
Does he ever admit he “ married up ” to a real estate heiress ?
Does he ever mention his mega - footage McMansion ?
Does he ever look in the mirror and manage one honest thought ?
Are you kidding ?
While Mr Friedman laments the pathetic corruption and dishonesty of America , circa 2008 , he fails to notice that he himself is a perfect example of what ’s wrong with America .
These aerial pictures show the collapse of the World Trade Center towers following the attacks on September 11 , 2001 .
In this picture , the upper floors of one of the World Trade Center towers burn after terrorists flew an airliner into it
Credit : AP Photo / NYPD via ABC News , Det. Greg Semendinger
What do we have here , then ?
According to an anonymous tipster , this is the first appearance of the rumored myTouch Slide -- the alleged and presumed successor to the G1 on T - Mobile -- in Radio Shack 's ( um , " The Shack 's " ) Direct2U system .
These things are always to be taken with a grain of salt , but really -- who would fake this ?
All we can say is that we sure hope that when the image does arrive ( " soon " ) it looks a sight better than the pics we 've already seen .
One of the most spectacular sights on a night dive in the ocean is to witness the hundreds of tiny star - like bioluminescent phytoplankton scintillating like a starry sky as you move through the dark water .
Towards the end of a dive , just shield your underwater flashlight and wave your hands through the water in front of you , and be mesmerized by the tiny glowing specs of plankton .
So what kind of plankton are these ?
And how do they emit that bluish glow that you see in the below picture of the plankton washed on shore ?
Certain creatures both on land and sea can produce light through chemical reactions taking place within their bodies known as Bioluminescence .
The bioluminescence results from a light - producing chemical reaction also called chemiluminescence .
Certain types of chemicals when mixed together produce energy which ‘ excites ’ other particles on vibration and generate light which causes the glow .
The group of chemicals involved to make plankton glow are broadly termed luciferins and the light is produced by a series of oxidation reactions set off by a catalyst called luciferase .
The bioluminescence in plankton is very high in several forms of Plankton and is a form of cold light or luminescence .
Plankton consists of any drifting organism ( plant or animal ) that inhabit the oceans and provide a vital source of food to larger aquatic organisms such as fish .
A vast range of plankton , both zoo plankton and single - celled animal plankton are known to be bioluminescent .
Bioluminescent phytoplankton occur in all the world ’s oceans .
The most common of these are Dinoflagellates which are tiny unicellular marine plankton also known as fire plants .
Dinoflagellates are the most common source of bioluminescence in our oceans and the chances are the sparks – not quite as bright as those made by high performance spark plugs for your car , but still bright – flying off your oar , the bow or wake of your boat are billions of tiny dinoflagellates or copeopods .
These creatures get their name by their ability to swim by two flagella , which are movable protein strands attached to their bodies .
Bioluminescence is used to evade predators and acts as a defense mechanism in dinoflagellates .
Dinoflagelletes produce light when disturbed and will give a light flash lasting a fraction of a second .
The flash is meant to attract a predator to the creature disturbing or trying to consume the dinoflagellate .
The light flash also surprises the predator causing it to worry about other predators attacking it , making the predator less likely to prey on the dinoflagellate .
However the experience of swimming in the midst of these amazing creatures is something that must be witnessed at least once by every scuba diver or avid snorkeler .
Several Dive Operators offer special bioluminescent phytoplankton dives or snorkeling expeditions , in seasons when plankton is at its peak brought by ocean currents .
These swims would usually be in absolute darkness to witness the both the starry skies above and the starry seas below .
* Photo Credits : photos by karma - police and BlueLinden on flickr
The Department of Defense has identified 994 American service members who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations .
It confirmed the death of the following American on Monday :
RICKETTS , William S. , 27 , Staff Sgt. , Army ; Corinth , Miss. ; 82nd Airborne Division .
Defense says NY synagogue - bomb plot was feds ' idea - Washington Post
Four men accused of trying to bomb synagogues and shoot down planes in New York last spring did little more than go along with a fake plot proposed , directed and funded by the federal government .
A federal informant chose the targets , offered payment , provided maps and bought the only real weapon involved , a handgun , the attorneys said in a dismissal motion filed this week in federal court .
" The government well knew that their case had been a government - inspired creation from day one and that the defendants had not been independently seeking weapons or targets , " the motion said .
The dismissal motion identified the government 's agent as Shaheed Hussain , a " professional informant " for the FBI .
The defense claimed he was directed to visit suburban mosques , find members with anti-American leanings and recruit them to join a fake terror plot supposedly funded by a Pakistan - based group .
" The alleged crimes were almost entirely the product of Hussain 's labors and the enterprise would have immediately collapsed if Hussain 's guiding hand had been removed , " the defense motion said .
You would think that your dear old Aunty would never admit to doing this , but I did .
I was seduced ( seduced ! I say ) by marketing copy and price .
“ These pruners are designed for comfort for people with small hands . ”
Small hands .
Yes , they were comfortable and I do have small hands ( not small for my size , actually – I ’m pretty short and the hand size goes along with that ) .
And I have to admit that they were referred to as ‘ light duty ’ .
‘ Light duty ’ must have meant ‘ trimming the spent heads off perennials ’ of some such thing because as you can see from the photo at the top , they gave up the ghost .
For a closer idea of what happened , here is your requisite close up :
Steel casting that just frankly got pushed beyond its spec .
Which must have been something like 1/8 ″ in diameter .
OK , I admit it .
I push tools long past their useful life .
I have a tendency to ‘ horse ’ ( as my dear departed father would express it ) the thing around and then when the handle flies to pieces or something gets bent , well , I have no one to blame but myself .
So , I bought myself a new , bigger set of pruners ( with the new ! improved !
rotating handles which will be so much better for my ‘ small hands ’ ) , which are specified for 3/4 ″ diameter branches .
Do you have any idea who small a 3/ 4 ″ diameter branch actually IS ?
That ’s smaller than the diameter of your thumb .
80 % of what we have to cut back and cut down ( fie , honeysuckle !
Fie ! ) here at Chez Siberia qualifies as being over 3/4 ″ in diameter .
What to do ?
Well , our next ‘ weapon of mass destruction ’ is the set of loppers .
loppers
We own a set of these and although they say they will handle anything up to 2 ″ in diameter , I have to tell you that anything over 1 ″ requires some rather interesting body mechanics on my part so that I can wedge both handles into my chest so that I can use the force of both arms .
It works but it …leaves a mark .
Another option for the 2 ″ plus is a pruning saw , and we ’ve found them to be both easy to use and very effective , even on branches which are 3 ″ in diameter .
I happen to like the folding one ( that is , the blade folds into the handle ) , which makes it easier to slip into a pocket .
The teeth on these are rather impressive and we use them to cut right to the trunk , which makes pruning fruit trees a lot more effective .
Finally , I have to bring up the last and most destructive ( and frankly , most dangerous ) tool to cut off branches :
The powered chain saw .
There are models on offer which are so small that one might be tempted to try to use it one - handed ( ack ! ) .
If you have a lot of nasty huge bushes ( with big 6 ″ trunks to get through ) , a chain saw is your tool of choice unless you go for an axe ( which has it ’s own skill set and dangers as well ) .
Anything with that level of power can cut off pieces of bodies very easily and if you are considering getting one , find a dealer which offers a workshop on using one safely .
The DH wears a helmet ( with a face shield , metal screen and ear protection ) and Kevlar chaps whenever he uses our chain saw and I think everyone should wear safety equipment when they use anything like that .
He also wears steel - toed heavy boots with thick soles and wide heels to give himself a solid position when he uses it .
In the end , however , the point is this :
Do n’t try to use a tool for other than its intended use and buy the size for the job .
Fletcher , before a rough patch of work and travel that kept him away from his console .
HAGERSTOWN , MD — Local resident Tom Fletcher announced Wednesday that he has made all the necessary arrangements and cleared his entire schedule so that he can spend a quiet , uninterrupted weekend reconnecting with his Xbox 360 .
Advertisement
Fletcher admitted to reporters that he 's been neglecting the console for the past six months , but said he hopes the two - day , three - night living room getaway will go a long way toward reviving the tight bond he once had with his Xbox .
" It 's going to be really nice , " the 33 - year - old structural engineer said of the upcoming weekend .
" No phone calls , no e-mails , no distractions whatsoever .
Just me and my Xbox 360 .
I 'll probably even open up a few nice bottles of Arizona Iced Tea for the occasion . "
Advertisement
" Hopefully it 'll be like it was in the beginning when everything was fresh and new and fun , " he added .
" When starting a new game did n't feel like a chore , like work . "
Fletcher said he plans to ease into the weekend with a little bit of Madden , which he hopes will then lead to a long and passionate night of game playing .
Fletcher also told reporters that rather than get up early the next morning , he will most likely sleep in , make some breakfast , and spend the whole day just lying around with his Xbox .
Advertisement
" After months of talking about it , I 'm finally going to start Fallout 3 , " Fletcher said .
" That 's how committed I am to this thing . "
Claiming that the special weekend comes at a critical moment in his four - year relationship with the gaming system , Fletcher said his Xbox barely seems like a part of his life these days :
He rarely acknowledges the console when he gets home from work , and " would n't even notice it " if it were n't right next to the television set .
Advertisement
Sometimes , Fletcher said , he looks at the Xbox just sitting there , un-played , and feels guilty for not even wanting to touch it anymore .
" I hate to say it , but sometimes I 'll sneak into a GameStop and start fooling around with a PlayStation 3 , " Fletcher said .
" God .
Why would I do that when I have a perfectly good Xbox 360 at home ?
What 's wrong with me ? "
Advertisement
According to Fletcher , his decision to put everything aside and focus on making the Xbox his No. 1 priority again came late last week when he suddenly realized he could no longer remember how many games he had or even what their names were .
" Look , I love my Xbox , I really do .
We 've had a lot of great times together , " he said .
" But life got in the way , you know ?
Suddenly you have more responsibilities at work , or you 're just too tired , or your wife needs help with the kids , and the things that really matter fall by the wayside .
Well , now it 's time to make things right . "
Advertisement
Fletcher told reporters he is ready to put in the effort to make this weekend special , acknowledging that his own actions are what brought the troubled relationship to this point .
While he 's looking forward to the weekend , and remained confident he and the Mass Effect game he started six months ago can pick up where they left off , Fletcher admitted that there 's always a chance they wo n't be able to recapture the old magic .
Advertisement
" Yes , there 's a possibility — no matter how slim — that I 'll hold that controller in my hands , and it just wo n't feel right anymore , " Fletcher said .
" Who knows ?
Maybe I 'll realize I 'm just not ready for this kind of commitment .
Whatever happens , though , we 'll cross that bridge when we come to it .
Together . "
It happens like clockwork , and often the subject is Apple : a company has a great earnings report and is sitting on a ton of cash , and analysts and pundits start dreaming up names of smaller companies who the flush company could acquire .
At about this time in 2008 , Apple was going to buy Adobe .
Earlier that year , Apple was going to buy Yahoo .
Indeed , there 's a pretty straightforward way , depicted above , to get a sense of the number of names that have been floated as likely Apple purchases — just ask Google autocomplete .
Fabless chipmaker ARM is the latest post - earnings target of buyout speculation , and whoever planted the rumor in the press has no doubt cashed out already after having driven the stock price up today .
The instantly popular theory goes that Apple would buy ARM in order to keep anyone else from using ARM products , so that it could have the low - power architecture all to itself .
Apple could certainly afford it — ARM 's market cap is a relatively small $ 8 billion , and Apple is sitting on almost $ 42 billion in cash .
The Apple / ARM rumor is being widely debunked , and rightly so , with any number of solid reasons given for why this wo n't happen .
But one point that I have yet to see raised is that the proposed " buy it , then cut off the competition " scenario seems fairly impossible to execute , even if Apple were so inclined .
All of the big and medium - sized players who want ARM licenses already have them .
If Apple bought ARM , they could refuse to grant new licenses , but they could n't just magically revoke all of the existing licenses .
Samsung , Qualcomm , NVIDIA , TI , and everyone else in the ARM ecosystem all have ARM - based roadmaps that go out for many years , and all of the products on those roadmaps are based on licenses that Apple can't just unilaterally invalidate .
So if Apple did buy ARM , we 'd still see a healthy stream of non-Apple ARM products coming to market over the next five years .
And while the massive ARM ecosystem pipeline empties out , chipmakers would have plenty of time to switch to an alternative low - power architecture like the venerable and still - popular MIPS .
The only company that I could imagine buying ARM right now is Intel , but even given Intel 's recent statements that it 's looking to spend some cash to buy its way into mobiles , this is still unlikely .
Intel is still in antitrust hot water in the x86 market , and any Intel / ARM purchase would invite immediate and careful scrutiny from regulators .
And then there 's the fact that Intel was already in the ARM business not long ago with the XScale line , but the chipmaker exited it to focus on moving x86 into low - power applications .
It 's doubtful that Intel has already given up and is going back to ARM .
In the end , the most likely acquirer for ARM is nobody .
ARM licenses are relatively cheap , which is why they 're so ubiquitous , and which is also why ARM 's market cap and revenues are so tiny despite that ubiquity .
Given how widely licensed ARM cores are , the fact that a strategic acquirer can't just revoke everyone 's license and nuke the entire ecosystem 's product pipeline , and the small size of ARM 's business , it 's just not a very attractive takeover target from either a strategic or revenue standpoint .
That is n't to say that no one will ever buy ARM — some group of people somewhere could decide that it makes sense for their business — but the point is that there 's no obvious reason for it to be a target .
Dreaming may be a sign our brain is working hard in our sleep Napping after learning something new could help you commit it to memory - as long as you dream , scientists say .
They found people who dream about a new task perform it better on waking than those who do not sleep or do not dream .
Volunteers were asked to learn the layout of a 3D computer maze so they could find their way within the virtual space several hours later .
Those allowed to take a nap and who also remembered dreaming of the task , found their way to a landmark quicker .
The researchers think the dreams are a sign that unconscious parts of the brain are working hard to process information about the task .
Dr Robert Stickgold of Harvard Medical School , one of the authors of the paper , said dreams may be a marker that the brain is working on the same problem at many levels .
He said : " The dreams might reflect the brain 's attempt to find associations for the memories that could make them more useful in the future . "
Study tips Co-author Dr Erin Wamsley said the study suggests our non-conscious brain works on the things that it deems are most important .
" Every day we are gathering and encountering tremendous amounts of information and new experiences , " she said .
" It would seem that our dreams are asking the question , ' How do I use this information to inform my life ? "
The research , published in the academic journal Cell Biology , could have practical implications .
The scientists say there may be ways to take advantage of this phenomenon for improving learning and memory .
For example , students might be better studying hard before bedtime , or taking a nap after a period of afternoon study .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
delimitMate : Provides auto - balancing and some expansions for parens , quotes , etc .
script versions
Click on the package to download .
package script version date Vim version user release notes
delimitMate - 2.7.zip 2.7 2014-12-03 7.0 Israel Chauca Fuentes - Lots of bug fixes .
- Add delimitMate_offByDefault .
- Add delimitMate_eol_marker .
- Reduce the number of mappings .
- Stop using setline ( ) .
- Better handling of nested quotes .
- Allow a custom pattern for smart_quotes .
delimitMate - 2.6.vba 2.6 2011-01-16 7.0 Israel Chauca Fuentes -
Add smart_matchpairs feature .
- Add mapping to jump over contiguous delimiters .
- Fix behaviour of b:loaded_delimitMate .
delimitMate.vba 2.5.1 2010-09-30 7.0 Israel Chauca Fuentes - Remove visual wrapping .
Surround.vim offers a much better implementation .
- Minor mods to DelimitMateTest .
delimitMate.zip 2.5 2010-09-24 7.0 Israel Chauca Fuentes - Better handling of mappings .
- Add report for mappings in : DelimitMateTest .
- Allow the use of " | " and multi - byte characters in ' delimitMate_quotes ' and ' delimitMate_matchpairs ' .
- Allow commands to be concatenated using |.
delimitMate.vba.gz 2.4.1 2010-07-31 7.0 Israel Chauca Fuentes -
Fix problem with < Home > and < End > .
- Add missing doc on ' delimitMate_smart_quotes ' , delimitMateBalance and ' delimitMate_balance_matchpairs '.
delimitMate.vba.gz 2.4 2010-07-29 7.0 Israel Chauca Fuentes - Unbalanced parens : see : help delimitMateBalance .
- Visual wrapping now works on block - wise visual with some limitations .
- Arrow keys did n't work on terminal .
- Added option to allow nested quotes .
- Expand Smart Quotes to look for a string on the right of the cursor .
delimitMate.vba.gz 2.3.1 2010-06-06 7.0 Israel Chauca Fuentes - Fix : an extra < Space > is inserted after < Space > expansion .
delimitMate.vba.gz 2.3 2010-06-06 7.0 Israel Chauca Fuentes - Syntax aware :
Will turn off when editing comments or other regions .
- Changed format of most mappings .
- Fix : < CR > expansion does n't brake automatic indentation adjustments anymore .
- Fix : Arrow keys would insert A , B , C or D instead of moving the cursor when using Vim on a terminal .
delimitMate.vba.gz 2.2 2010-05-17 7.0 Israel Chauca Fuentes - Added command : DelimitMateSwitch to switch the plug - in on and off .
- Fix : some problems with < Left > , < Right > and < CR > .
- Fix : A small problem when inserting a delimiter at the beginning of the line .
delimitMate.vba.gz 2.1 2010-05-10 7.0 Israel Chauca Fuentes -
Most of the functions have been moved to an autoload script to avoid loading unnecessary ones .
- Fixed a problem with the redo command .
- Many small fixes .
delimitMate.vba.gz 2.0 2010-04-01 7.0 Israel Chauca Fuentes * New features :
- All features are redo / undo - wise safe .
- A single quote typed after an alphanumeric character is considered an apostrophe and one single quote is inserted .
- A quote typed after another quote inserts a single quote and the cursor jumps to the middle .
- < S - Tab > jumps out of any empty pair .
- < CR > and < Space > expansions are fixed , but the functions used for it are global and can be used in custom mappings .
The previous system is still active if you have any of the expansion options set .
- < S - Backspace > deletes the closing delimiter .
* Fixed bug :
- s:vars were being used to store buffer options .
delimitMate.vba.gz 1.6 2009-10-16 7.0 Israel Chauca Fuentes Now delimitMate tries to fix the balancing of single quotes when used as apostrophes .
You can read " : help delimitMate_apostrophes " for details .
Fixed an error when b:delimitMate_expand_space was n't set and g:delimitMate_expand_space was .
delimitMate.vba.gz 1.5 2009-10-05 7.0 Israel Chauca Fuentes Fix : delimitMate should work correctly for files passed as arguments to Vim .
Thanks to Ben Beuchler for helping to nail this bug .
delimitMate.vba.gz 1.4 2009-10-01 7.0 Israel Chauca Fuentes Fix : delimitMate is now enabled on new buffers , even if they do n't have the file type option set or were opened directly from the terminal .
Edit : added missing doc file .
delimitMate.vba.gz 1.3 2009-09 -24 7.0 Israel Chauca Fuentes Local options can be used along with autocmd for specific file type configurations .
Fixes :
- Unnamed register content is not lost on visual mode .
- Use noremap where appropiate .
- Wrapping a single empty line works as expected .
delimitMate.vba.gz 1.2 2009-09-07 7.0 Israel Chauca Fuentes Fixes :
- When inside nested empty pairs , deleting the innermost left delimiter would delete all right contiguous delimiters .
- When inside an empty pair , inserting a left delimiter would n't insert the right one , instead the cursor would jump to the right .
- New buffer inside the current window would n't have the mappings set .
The Palestinian elected leadership is weak .
And even with Vice President Joe Biden ’s visit to Israel , the West Bank and Jordan this week , the renewed Middle East peace process appears to be little more than a charade .
Israel has taken this opportunity to crack down on Palestinians who advocate nonviolent protests against the Israeli West Bank segregation barrier and charged them based on questionable or false evidence .
I know : I was arrested for talking too much .
All we Palestinians want is a life free from racial discrimination .
During 2009 , 89 peaceful apartheid wall protesters were arrested ; since January , more than 40 have been arrested .
The US president ’s support for nonviolent protest could go a long way .
However , President Obama 's repeated failure to protect the very rights and peace he has called for is a heavy blow to Palestinians .
Especially now that Israel has taken to crushing the grass - roots equivalent of Palestinian Gandhis and Martin Luther Kings .
The power and importance of nonviolent protest is close to America ’s heart .
Decades after African - Americans ’ historic sit-in at the Woolworth ’s counter ,
Palestinians live under a regime strikingly similar to Jim Crow .
My Palestinian friends from the West Bank cannot eat dinner with me at my favorite Jerusalem restaurant .
They would need to obtain Israeli “ permits ” to visit me , a privilege given to very few .
They would be forced to endure several checkpoints or would have to defy Israeli martial law .
For my friends in Gaza , getting a permit to visit Jerusalem is nothing but a dream .
Meanwhile Israeli settlers live illegally on our land , sail through checkpoints , and travel freely .
And it does not end there .
One of the world ’s strongest armies pounded our cities in Gaza with white phosphorous and encloses us in isolated , shrinking Bantustans almost with impunity .
Yet , every Friday , Palestinian villagers losing precious agricultural land to Israel ’s wall turn out to protest peacefully .
Unarmed farmers and entire families march to defend their lands .
They do so though 16 have been killed , many just kids .
They continue to show up though thousands have been injured .
In October , I expressed concern over the arrest of my colleague Mohammed Othman .
Shortly before his arrest , Israeli soldiers at a West Bank checkpoint took him aside and warned , “ We ’re going to arrest you , but it ’s difficult with you because all you do is talk . ”
I wrote then , “ If talking is a crime , if urging the international community to hold Israel accountable for theft of our land is a crime , then we all are vulnerable . ”
Less than two months later I , too , was sitting in an Israeli prison cell – for talking too much .
As they dragged me from my house , Israeli occupation forces threatened my family ’s well - being , saying they would only see me again after a prisoner exchange .
Because we Palestinians are under military occupation , where military decrees sharply limit political activity , the struggle for our most basic human rights is , by default , criminalized .
Once arrested , protesters do not face civil courts , but military courts which blatantly violate international standards of fair trial .
Fortunately , individuals around the world , including European diplomats , demanded my release .
Amnesty International ’s role was vital in suggesting that detained activists such as Abdallah Abu Rahma , Mr. Othman , and I were in fact prisoners of conscience .
Othman and I were released within a week of Amnesty ’s intervention .
Mr. Abu Rahma from the West Bank village of Bilin , however , is still in prison .
He is charged with “ illegal possession ” of Israeli army equipment ; charges which stem from his possession of spent tear gas canisters and bullet casings , which he keeps as evidence of the methods the Israeli army uses against the villagers when they protest the illegal confiscation of their land .
Last month , 40 Israeli soldiers raided our Ramallah office .
They spent three hours turning it upside down and confiscating documents , research , computers , and electronic equipment .
More than six months ago , Obama gave a powerful speech in Cairo in which he asserted America ’s commitment to promote the right to “ speak your mind , ” to have “ confidence in the rule of law and the equal administration of justice , ” all basic elements of democracy .
His speech temporarily gripped a large part of the Palestinian people , especially those of us practicing the nonviolence he advocated .
We were cautiously hopeful .
But Obama ’s quick and near - total reversal on Israeli settlement activity and his silence in the face of the Israeli onslaught on Palestinian human rights and democratic freedoms came as a shock to those of us who dared to hope .
Because Obama is unwilling to stand up to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and domestic critics , Palestinian civil society leaders are subject to unchecked seizure by Israeli forces in the middle of the night .
Critics in America say the solution is for a Palestinian Gandhi to emerge from within our society .
This seems increasingly untenable when unarmed teens and real life Palestinian Gandhis such as Bassem Abu Rahma are killed by an occupying army that regularly meets nonviolence with violence .
What Palestinians want are simple demands : self - determination , the right of our refugees to return , a life free from racial discrimination , an end to the brutal occupation , and the immediate dismantling of the illegal wall .
Just under 50 years ago , the American civil rights movement inspired people worldwide with its many successes in pursuing social change through nonviolent means .
Today , the US vice president does n't inspire when he visits Israel and fails to denounce the occupation and clamor in a clear moral voice for Palestinians ' freedom .
Instead , America has provided $ 30 billion over the past 10 years to Israel in military aid .
And Obama has fallen silent on the issue of Palestinian nonviolent protests .
By speaking up for communities being ruined by the wall , for protesters being killed or maimed , and for community leaders being hauled away in the middle of the night , the Nobel Peace Prize laureate will not only imbue his Cairo words with meaning , but he will be promoting basic elements of democracy .
Jamal Juma ’ is the coordinator of the Palestinian grass - roots Anti-Apartheid Wall Campaign .
He was released from an Israeli prison on January 12 .
----
Want to join the conversation ?
Follow The Christian Science Monitor on Facebook .
We 're on Twitter , too .
An underground explosion rocked a portion of West Philadelphia late Tuesday and it appears that gas is to blame .
The blast happened under the street near 56th and Market just after 11 p.m. and was powerful enough to blow six manhole covers off , completely destroying three and damaging nearby cars .
The lastest information indicates that there was an accumulation of gas underground .
A shorted traction feed cable used to service the Market - Frankford El and trolleys ignited the gas causing the explosion , according to SEPTA .
As a precaution , the Philadelphia Fire Department closed Market Street between 56th and 59th Streets .
That road has since been reopened .
March 31 , 2010 - Notes and Sources
With this publication , taxpayers can take stock of how the federal government spent each 2009 income tax dollar .
The publication also shows , in addition to individual income taxes , where the money came from in 2009 to pay for federal spending .
To find out how your own tax dollars were spent , visit our Interactive Tax Chart tool .
The deficit hawks are going into high gear with their drive to cut social security and Medicare .
President Obama 's deficit commission is having a big public event on Tuesday in which many of the country 's most prominent deficit hawks will tout the need to reduce the budget deficit .
The next day , Wall Street investment banker Peter Peterson will be hosting a " summit on fiscal responsibility " , which will feature more luminaries touting the need to get deficits under control .
What will be missing from both of these events is any serious debate on the extent of the deficit problem and its causes .
These affairs are not about promoting a real exchange of views on issues like the future of social security , Medicare , and public support for education , research and infrastructure , the purpose of these events is to tell the public that everyone agrees , we have to cut the deficit .
And , this means cutting social security and Medicare .
This is argument by authority .
Many public debates in the United States take this form .
The issue is not what is said , but rather who says it .
A few years ago all the authorities said that there was no housing bubble .
The large body of evidence showing that house prices had hugely diverged from the fundamentals did not matter when the chairman of the Federal Reserve Board , the president 's Council of Economic Advisers and other leading lights of the economic profession insisted that everything in the housing market was just fine .
Going further back to the mid-90s , many of this same group of deficit hawk luminaries tried to use argument by authority to cut social security .
They came up with the story that the consumer price index ( CPI ) overstated the true rate of inflation .
After workers retire , their social security benefits are indexed to the CPI .
This crew ( which included then Senator Alan Simpson , a co-chair of President Obama 's commission , and Peter Peterson ) argued that social security benefits should lag the CPI by one percentage point a year .
In other words , if the CPI shows 3 % inflation , then social security benefits will only rise by 2 % .
That may seem a small cut , but it adds up over time .
A worker retired for 10 years would have their benefits reduced by approximately 10 % .
A worker retired for 20 years would have their benefits cut by almost 20 % .
To push this agenda , they put together a panel of the country 's most prominent economists , all of whom blessed the claim that the CPI overstated the true rate of inflation by at least one percentage point .
In addition to this panel , the social security cutters also pulled in other prominent economists , including Martin Feldstein , formerly President Reagan 's top economist and the head of the National Bureau of Economic Research .
The social security cutters were so successful in rounding up the big names that virtually no economists were prepared to publicly stand up and question their claims about the CPI .
They had near free rein , running around the country with the " all the experts agree " line .
As events unfolded they were not able to get their cut in social security benefits .
( Ted Kennedy and Dick Gephardt deserve big credit on this . )
But what is really interesting for the current debate is what happened to the experts ' claim on the CPI .
There were some changes made to the CPI , but in the view of the expert panel , the major causes of the biases in the CPI were not fixed .
They concluded that even after the changes the CPI still overstated the true rate of inflation by 0.8 percentage points annually .
If this claim is really true then it has enormous ramifications for our assessment of the economy .
It means , for example , that incomes and wages are rising far more rapidly than the official data show .
It means that people in the recent past were far poorer than is indicated by official statistics .
If the claim about the CPI being overstated is true , then we would have to re-examine a vast amount of economic research that starts from the premise that the CPI is an accurate measure of inflation .
However , almost no economists have adjusted their research for a CPI 's overstatement of inflation .
In fact , even the members of the expert panel do n't generally use a measure of inflation that adjusts for the alleged bias in the CPI .
In other words , when they are not pushing cuts to social security , these economists act as though the CPI is an accurate measure of the rate of inflation .
This could lead one to question these experts ' integrity .
This history should give the public serious grounds for being suspicious about the latest efforts to cut social security and Medicare .
A serious discussion of the deficit will show that in the short - term the deficit is not a problem and that the longer - term deficit problem is really a problem of a broken US healthcare system .
The public should not allow the deficit hawks to derail a more serious discussion with their argument by authority .
What A Great Life by Lois Bartlett Tracy Energy Burst : Evolution of Life Forces
1996 , Oil on Cavas , 40 x 50 inches
When at the age of 98 , I became legally blind and could no longer paint , I began to write little stories of my life as a creative outlet .
The last one I had published was in the Nov / Dec , 2000 issue of Reminisce .
The piece below is the first that traces my education and life as an artist .
Moxie seems to be the perfect place to share something of the story of my life with other women , since in my 99 years of life I have often been thought of as a little too daring .
- Lois Bartlett Tracy , Painter .
I was born in Jackson , Michigan on December 9 , 1901 .
By age three my favorite activity was picking up gravel and stones and watching their colors and shapes change when placed in jars of water .
I spent hours admiring how beautiful they looked .
Even now I love rocks .
They talk to me .
Trees have always talked to me too .
I believe my paintings came into being from feeling one with nature .
Because Mother 's health was poor , we could not spend winters in the North .
When I was young , we traveled to Florida by train with a change in Chicago .
I remember when I was about six or seven , jumping off the train and running towards the Chicago Museum .
There was one particular painting on the first floor that was painted with very thick layers of paint .
I fell in love with that thick texture .
It left me with a glow of satisfaction .
I decided right then and there , I was going to be a painter .
We children attended a regular school for only a few years while we were growing up .
Our father believed that travel was the best way to learn .
We were taught history by traveling to old Civil War battlefields and hearing the old men talk .
We learned geography by learning the names of nearby rivers and cities as we explored them .
We had an art teacher when I was about six , but there was no color .
The only material we had was sepia , and that did not inspire me .
I did n't have another art teacher until I was a freshman at Florida State College for Women in 1920 - ' 21 .
Since the college was for women only , all subjects were simply branches of Home Economics .
Painting was not taught .
We were not allowed to speak to any male , not even the father of a roommate .
They would line us up to go to the picture show and count us off as we came out .
I often felt like I was in prison .
I rebelled against these attitudes towards the education of women by cutting my long wavy golden hair to a short bob .
I left and entered Michigan State College soon after women were first admitted there .
At Michigan , my painting teacher just let me go ahead on my own .
I started using oil paints and would paint everything I saw .
We were both startled by my work .
To the amazement of us both , he soon informed me that I was painting just the way those wild men in Paris ( Van Gogh , Cezanne , etc. ) were painting .
By the time the Depression came along , I was married and living in Winter Park , Florida , attending Rollins College .
To help with our support , I sold pictures of palm trees , five dollars a tree .
If there were three trees in the painting , it was fifteen dollars .
Then I painted the buildings on Rollins campus for my 1929 yearbook .
In the 1930s in Venice , Florida , certain scenes would just cry out to be painted .
When a field of cabbages asked me to paint it , I realized that cabbage leaves are just as beautiful as a field of flowers .
Ranchlands # 4 , 1977 Mostly , I painted the Florida jungles .
I used to ride out to a Florida ranch in the morning on a cow pony a rather small horse , not beautiful , but strong and tough and able to help with the strenuous work of driving the range cattle that were there in great numbers at that time .
The cowboys would leave me in a hammock and continue on to their day 's work .
I would paint all day until they picked me up on their way back in the afternoon .
I would usually have enough done on two 30 x 36 or 36 x 40 canvases that I could finish them up at home .
While I was painting , looking for patterns of light and dark , I constantly walked backwards to see how the rhythms in my painting were working .
I half expected that I might step on a coiled snake .
One day , in front of my easel was the head of a huge rattlesnake .
He was standing on his tail and still there was enough of him to have his eyes on a level with mine .
When I realized what was just about eight inches from my head , I saw that he was looking at my painting .
It looked as though he was studying it .
Then slowly he let himself down and crawled away .
He must have been at least eight feet long .
At the New York World 's Fair , a series of Florida Jungle Paintings I exhibited in the Florida pavilion won for best collection of oils .
This success won me an invitation to exhibit in the Studio Gallery in the Hecksher Building on the corner of 57th and Fifth Avenue in New York .
From then on , I exhibited almost continuously in Grace Pickett 's gallery there , ( which later moved next door to the Old Opera House in New York ) , and Grace became my agent .
At this time my husband and I were managing a hotel in Venice that belonged to my father .
The hotel was given to him in place of money owed to him for a land deal by a bank he worked for that failed .
Running the hotel was fine during the season , but when that was over , there was no way to make a living .
During a visit to Connecticut , we saw an ad in the New York Times about a large building and cottages in the mountains of New Hampshire , near Lake Winnesquam .
We went up and bought it that afternoon by putting a hundred dollars down .
We moved in right away .
For weeks we found everything we needed in its huge dining room , which was filled with leftovers from auctions even a grand piano .
We bought good beds , but everything else we got at auctions .
We bought dressers for a dollar a drawer .
My husband , whose nickname was Bus , would bid on early American and mid-Victorian furniture .
Sometimes the upholstery was so bad the auctioneer would say , " Who 'll take it ? "
Bus would take it and do a beautiful job of fancy reupholstery .
He created beauty wherever he went , indoors and outdoors , fabulous gardens , flower arrangements , wonderful place settings .
He was not a painter , but in every other sense he was an artist .
When people asked him if he painted , he would respond , " One in the family is enough ! "
When we bought the place , if you wanted to take your Saturday night bath , you put a big tub in front of the wood stove .
We had a wind - up telephone and a battery powered radio .
We used kerosene lamps for light .
There was a two - seater out back which was quite comfortable , and everybody enjoyed the Sears & Roebuck catalog .
We poured every cent we got into bathrooms , electricity , an artesian well , and painting inside and out .
( Every bedroom door had its own different color . )
Then we had to create a business that would pay for the property .
We started an art colony called Tall Timbers .
Musicians , artists , and gallery directors would come to visit .
I took care of the business and the teaching ; my husband took care of everything else .
Two families came up from Sarasota and spent the first summer with us , which kept us going that year .
For about four years after that , we ran the Venice - Myakka Hotel winters , and returned in early spring to New Hampshire .
It was during discussions there , especially in the evening around the fireplace , that ideas that later appeared in my book Painting Principles and Practices , eventually published in the 1960s , were developed .
With the beginning of World War II , fears that the Germans would come and destroy our communication system led to the formation of a network of radio receiving stations throughout the country .
I rode horseback at midnight every night , often at thirty degrees below zero , to a lonely little radio shack that was a command center with a radio connection to Washington , DC .
My job when was to alert the local authorities if the radio sounded a warning of a German attack .
There were several locks on the door and I had a loaded gun for protection .
It was terrifying to be alone all night in that tiny transmitter shack in the woods .
To distract myself from fear , I studied things I wanted to learn .
At that time , Einstein was developing his Theory of Relativity .
Although I was not able to comprehend the entirety of his concept , I did get a better understanding of natural laws during my hours of waiting .
I also found reading the theories of Jung rewarding .
My favorite scientific work proved to be " Nature of the Physical Universe , " by Eddington , a British scientist , working at that time .
Later , when I began abstract painting , his explanations of the laws of nature had helped me to create planets and their movements in space as well as the forces to which they are subject in my paintings .
In the meantime , Grace Pickett , my agent , arranged a three year circuit of an exhibit of oil paintings in museums and universities throughout the United States in the 1940s .
After the tour ended at the San Francisco Museum of Art , the work was returned to me in seven big wooden crates .
These were placed in our eighty - foot long barn / gallery at Tall Timbers .
One morning , soon after the return of the paintings , my husband , my small son , and I woke early in the morning to discover sparks coming from the brooding house where we incubated little chicks .
We called the fire company and a neighbor who had a sprinkler .
I watched as one brightly burning ember rose out of the chimney of the brooder house and flew over the tin roof of the big barn .
It dropped into the one tiny hole in the barn roof , and immediately the hay in the loft burst into flames .
The fire spread so fast we barely managed to get the horses , cows , and two huge sows out .
Then suddenly it seemed as though two arms of fire reached out and surrounded the house .
A forest fire started and no one could get near the place .
The fire department never arrived .
The seven wooden crates containing all my best paintings burned up .
A farmer family offered to take us home for the night and to provide for us for a few days until we could find a resolution to our situation .
Within two days , we were offered a place to live in a sturdy little old farmhouse .
People brought us blankets and bedding .
In fact , I was given lace petticoats much more beautiful than any I 'd ever owned .
It seemed all the neighbors wanted to do something to help .
That first night in the farmhouse , without the luxury of electricity but with the beautiful light of a full moon , I found some materials and started a watercolor .
The color flowed onto the paper into shapes that even today seem to give a blessing .
The fire left my family and me without work , money , or clothes not even shoes .
We had absolutely nothing but a hole in the ground .
Losing my lovely home with priceless antiques did n't hurt as much as losing my paintings .
Such a terrific emotional shock left us starkly aware of the bareness of our lives .
Yet even in the midst of the shock , a small voice within me said , " Take comfort .
You are not alone . "
I knew even at that moment of suffering that everything would work out .
And it did .
The fire brought new beginnings and help to each of us .
At Tall Timbers Farm , we 'd shared our lives with many different animals .
My husband had had trouble breathing .
He was allergic to animal hair , chicken feathers , grains , and hay .
But we would never have thought of selling the place , we loved it so deeply .
Now , with no insurance money to rebuild , our livelihood also disappeared .
Within a week after the fire , my husband was invited to help with the opening of the beautiful Steele Hill Mountaintop Inn .
Shortly afterward , he was offered a management position at this lovely and unusual place .
His health greatly improved .
The owner of the Inn insisted that we send our son , then age seven , away to an excellent private school .
The school soon reported to us that our son had dyslexia ( a recently discovered reading problem ) and they were endeavoring to help him overcome it .
We might not have discovered this until too late , in the little country school he had been attending .
It would have affected his whole life .
As for me , suddenly I was free to paint free not only from the business , the art classes , and everything to do with running the art colony , but also suddenly free on the creative level .
I was free of painting scenery .
Although I had loved landscape painting , I felt a need to express the earth 's movement .
I wanted a person looking at my canvas to feel the earth 's rhythm , sense the turn of the earth .
My work became abstract , based solely on these forces .
Only later I felt that if the artist did n't put something of herself ( or himself ) in the picture besides just the way things looked from the outside , it did n't have any heart .
You have to put a little bit of yourself right in there with it , the way you feel and the way you think about things .
Mr. and Mrs. Pine Tree , 1978
All during my years in New Hampshire , friends from Tall Timbers living in New York invited me to come as often as possible to visit in the city and the art world on 57th Street .
Whenever I went , I spent many hours each day in Hans Hoffman 's fourth floor walk - up studio class in the Village .
The group was mostly made up of recently returned GIs from WW II .
He taught us not how to paint but how to think and feel about our subject matter .
He taught us the importance of things you can only feel .
He used to shout ( in German , of course ) , " Empathy ! Empathy ! "
Hoffman insisted that when we looked at the model , we had to consider the spaces around her as aspects of the design .
The first time I really succeeded in using negative spaces was when I returned to New Hampshire and painted an apple tree by letting these negative spaces shape the tree .
When I was finished , I discovered that I had not drawn a particular apple tree but had drawn the essence of every apple tree .
On one of my New York visits , my Tall Timbers friend Helen Stokesbury and I went to the first showing of abstract art .
I believe it was in the Riverside Museum .
The artists at Tall Timbers had been experimenting with feeling tension poles and vibrations to obtain a pulse in a painting .
We were on the third floor and very excited to realize that these artists were working along the same lines .
" See what he did with color here ! "
" Look what he did to pull the eye in that direction ! "
We were delighted about suddenly understanding these new abstract works .
Suddenly the lights went out .
We were now high up in the Museum with practically no lighting .
We found our way to the marble steps but had to sit on the steps to go down safely a landing , then more steps !
Three flights of steps , all in the dark .
We finally found the front doors and began banging and pushing all the buttons we could find .
No response !
Then suddenly , there were too many lights and too many security people firemen , guards , police .
They saw two scared females .
We must have looked as innocent as we looked confused , so eventually they let us out .
That was my first encounter with the power of completely abstract painting .
Every winter , those of us out of town sent our work out ( no slides in those days ! ) for shows in New York and other cities .
My painting " Textural Space " was shown in the Guggenheim in the ' 70s .
Textural Space , 1945
In this lovely museum , most people take the elevator to the top and then walk down the spiral ramp looking at the paintings .
Just to be different , I walked up from the bottom .
As I approached my painting there were three men dressed in suits discussing it .
One said " Wonder how he got that texture ? "
In New York , I always used the name Bartlett Tracy .
In those days if I had put Lois before that , my paintings would probably have been hung behind the door , and I would not have been taken seriously .
By the time " Textural Space " became a part of the permanent collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in 1993 , it was because here was I , a WOMAN painting Space , even before there was a moon shot .
Three paintings of my Space Series are owned by the Smithsonian Institution in Washington , DC .
Two were acquired by the Air and Space Museum when it first opened , and one later , in 1976 .
Another was bought by one of the scientists on the Apollo Project , and one is in the Cornell Museum in Winter Park , Florida .
One of my most recent paintings in the Consciousness Series is called " Birth " , ( 1998 ) .
The other is " Intervals in Time and Space " ( 1997 ) and has gorgeous layers of color and strength .
I am glad I lived to finish this picture .
Intervals of Time and Space , 1997
As I look back , I realize that through many adventures , difficulties , happy times , and successes , painting has been central to my life .
For at least 75 years , painting was a must for me ; a day without painting was a day lost .
Now that I can't paint anymore , writing about my memories has become a source of creativity and sharing .
I am thankful that for all of my 99 years the Lord has enabled me to follow my inner voice with courage and joy .
Lois B. Tracy standing next to " Birth "
" I think I see better now that I am blind . "
- Mature Lifestyles Magazine , April 1997 .
Submit your comments on this story to our MoxieTalk discussion group by clicking here !
You can also send your comments directly to the author using the form below .
You can do both by typing your response below , submitting it and then copying it , going to MoxieTalk , and pasting it into the form there for posting a message .
Please include your e-mail address if you would like the author to be able to write you back .
[ FrontPage Save Results Component ] Copyright 2001 Moxie Magazine All Rights Reserved
Authorities in Tulsa , Oklahoma , have been left baffled after a white vehicle ended up poking through the outside wall of a car park - five storeys up .
No -one was hurt in the incident but several cars below were damaged by falling debris .
A Wisconsin district attorney has warned schools in his county that if they proceed with new state sex-education courses , teachers could face criminal charges for encouraging minors to have sex , the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reports .
Juneau County District Attorney Scott Southworth said a new state law that requires students learn to use condoms and other contraceptives " promotes the sexualization — and sexual assault — of our children . "
In his March 24 letter to five school districts , Southworth , a Republican , said teachers could be charged with contributing to the delinquency of minors .
He urged school officials to suspend the program , which takes effect in the fall , and transfer the anatomy curriculum to a science course .
Here are a couple of excerpts from his letter :
" If a teacher instructs any student aged 16 or younger how to utilize contraceptives under circumstances where the teacher knows the child is engaging in sexual activity with another child -- or even where the ' natural and probable consequences ' of the teacher 's instruction is to cause that child to engage in sexual intercourse with a child -- that teacher can be charged under this statute " of contributing to the delinquency of a minor .
...
" Forcing our schools to instruct children on how to utilize contraceptives encourages our children to engage in sexual behavior , whether as a victim or an offender , " he wrote .
" It is akin to teaching children about alcohol use , then instructing them on how to make mixed alcoholic drinks . "
He said in an interview with the Journal Sentinel that he could not say how likely he would be to file charges , saying it would depend on the specifics of any case .
" I 'm not looking to charge any teachers , " he said .
" I 've got enough work to do . "
The paper spoke to a co-author of the legislation .
She called the DA 's letter " irresponsible " and said it was " laughable to think teachers could be charged for telling students how to use contraception . "
" Using condoms is n't a crime for anyone , " said Rep. Kelda Helen Roys , D - Madison .
" This guy is not a credible legal source on this matter , I 'm sorry to say .
His purpose is to intimidate and create enough panic in the minds of school administrators that they 'll turn their backs on young people and their families . "
The new law continues to let parents remove their children from sex -ed classes , and schools can also not offer such instruction .
One district that received the letter said it had not taught sex ed for years .
( Posted by Michael Winter )
Google 's Summer of Code ( GSoC ) has been around since 2005 , sponsoring students to work on specific , clearly defined projects , supervised by mentors from OSS projects .
GSoC 2010 is coming up , and sponsors a long list of OSS organizations .
Dynamic languages are well represented , with accepted mentor organizations for
Other projects also offer project ideas that involve Ruby , eg .
Meanwhile , Engine Yard together with RubyCentral , decided to set up the Ruby Summer of Code .
The project has attracted sponsors which provided enough money to finance 20 projects .
Mentor applications are open until the end of the week , student applications start April 5th .
There 's already a list of potential projects for Rails and projects for JRuby .
Breast Milk is a Weapon !
When you look at Webster ’s for a definition of assault , this is what you find :
1 a : a violent physical or verbal attack b : a military attack usually involving direct combat with enemy forces c : a concerted effort ( as to reach a goal or defeat an adversary )
2 a : a threat or attempt to inflict offensive physical contact or bodily harm on a person ( as by lifting a fist in a threatening manner ) that puts the person in immediate danger of or in apprehension of such harm or contact
Let ’s see …” violent ” … ” combat ” … ” bodily harm ” … lots of words one associates with physical violence .
Now , in recent years , many jurisdiction has made it a felony assault or worse for someone who knowingly has AIDS to spit in someone or have unprotected sex with a person .
But , now Owensboro , Kentucky has broadened the defintion of assault .
A 31 year old woman who was put in the drunk tank was charged with assault for squirtjng her breast milk on an officer .
Come on ….does that really fit the definition of assault ?
What would Wyatt Earp have done ?
Britney Griner of the Baylor University women ’s basketball team might have dotted her eye .
The video at the right shows how the basketball star retaliated to rough play with a haymaker that broke another woman ’s nose .
Griner was not charged with assault but was suspended .
Perhaps if she had sprayed breast milk on her opponent she ’d be in jail .
Now , I ” m not sure if this measures up to the breast milk caper , but there was an instance in New Jersey not long ago when a cook who had received numerous tickets spotted the officer who had written the tickets in his restaurant .
He decided not to get mad but get even .
The cook is now charged with placing human hair on the officer ’s sandwich .
I ’m not sure if it qualifies as assault , but probably so .
I wonder if it would be an aggravated crime if the hair was not from his head .
But , come on …a hair ?
If that is assault then just about every other time I went to the drive through I ’d be going to the cops .
And then , they ’d have to prove the guy did it on purpose .
Now …if the cook had used a meat cleaver then that would be another story .
Now , here ’s a guy who got charged with assault for retaliating for what he thought was food tampering .
The Taco Bell customer in Alaska drove through the drive through twice , claiming that the manager messed up his order .
Then , the customer thought that the manager had spit in his double taco .
So , he threw it in the face of the manager .
Let ’s see… Webster ’s does have “ offensive physical contact ” as part of the secondary definition … but come on .
I wonder if anyone checked to see if the manager did indeed spit in the food .
Perhaps it could have been a double taco double assault !
But , he was n’t the only one who used a taco as a weapon .
The Florida kid was charged with assaulting his mother with a taco after she very rudely asked him to stop playing XBox and come to dinner .
parents these days are so tough .
Actually , if you think about it …calling the cops on your kid is pretty tough love .
Now , this story from Louisiana back in October 2009 got world wide attention .
It was n’t Lorena Bobbit but was somemwhat provocative .
Seems this woman was upset that the doctor told her that she was n’t pregnant .
Her boyfriend said that he tried to comfort her and she said that he had n’t given her a passionate kiss lately , so he obliged .
At that point , the woman bit off her boyfriend ’s tongue .
When the police arrived , the woman handed over a plastic bag filled with an interesting piece of flesh and said , “ We had a domestic and I bit his tongue off .
Here it is . ”
Okay … .
I ’ve mentioned Lorena Bobbit with the woman who bit off the tongue so the obvious quesiton is …well … you know and the answer is yes .
A Thai woman was angry with her boyfriend whom she suspected of cheating on her , so she bit him .
The victim suffered severe bite marks but nothing was severed .
Now …
I ’d say that is assault .
I wonder how often that this happens but is not reported .
In this case , the 56 year old Belgian refused to give details to the press .
Weather Bottom Line : Beautiful weekend .
Snow White and I took a walk and happened to come upon our friends Larry and Anne and also had 7 deer wander by to join us .
The lead short wave that was coming out will bring some showers Sunday night and Monday morning but it will be winding down and so I do n’t think it will do much .
Now , after that , I ’ve been talking about a big pattern change and the main shortwave coming out of the Southwest and producing not only a t’storm threat , but also a severe weather threat mainly well to our South and West .
I suspect that we will have some action in North Texas , Oklahoma and the Arklatex .
The thing that has changed is that we get a several shorwaves embedded in the flow making for a rather unstable and uncertain week ahead .
I still think that Dixie will get some rough weather to kick off the severe weather season this week .
Given that we will see pretty mild conditions all week and moisture will continue to flow in from the Gulf … do n’t be surprised to see some t’storms around here later in the week .
It will be interesting if we get into the action … possible , not probable at this point .
I ’ve still got snow outside but it will all definitely be gone as we have 60 ’s more often than not this week .
Today I am releasing a Photoshop brush pack .
As you can see from the preview the main theme of the pack is lightnings .
Of course you can use them in other ways such as roots , or whatever else you might think .
Most of them are at +1700 px , a decent resolution for a lot of different [… ]
