DENVER ( AP ) 
Pot smokers who light up during the Democratic National Convention can expected to get busted under state laws , even though a voter - approved city ordinance makes small amounts of marijuana the " lowest law enforcement priority , " Denver Police said Monday .
" We 've always enforced the state statute , " police spokesman Sonny Jackson said .
" That was the law before the initiative and it 's nothing new .
I do n't know why we 'd relax any law . "
Mason
Tvert , leader of the group that sponsored the ordinance that discourages marijuana busts , said city officials are ignoring the will of the voters .
He said a community - based panel on marijuana enforcement will meet Wednesday to get updated figures on enforcement , but preliminary figures show arrests are rising , not declining .
Last year , the city prosecuted 1,600 cases .
Tvert said based on current numbers , the city is on track to increase that to 1,900 this year , not counting any surge of arrests that might take place during the convention .
" We 're concerned during the Democratic National Convention that they are going to use the law to cite people or detain them , " Tvert said .
The initiative passed easily in November 2007 , despite protests from city officials who said it was meaningless because state law takes precedence over city ordinances .
Tvert and his group successfully pushed a 2005 initiative to legalize possession of less than an ounce of marijuana for adults over 21 , but the move failed to blunt arrests because authorities continued to enforce state laws .
Tvert tried to pass an identical measure at the state level but was rebuffed by statewide voters .
City Council member Doug Linkhart , who sits on the marijuana enforcement panel , said he believes police have made pot possession a low priority and does n't think there will be any problem during the convention .
" The ordinance says lowest priority , it does n't say stop prosecuting .
I 'm not concerned police will get carried away .
I want police to focus on what 's important , and I expect they will , " Linkhart said .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Find an expert
Are you a member of the media looking for an expert to interview ?
Search our experts database for faculty and staff members who are willing to provide information , analysis , or a considered opinion on a wide range of topics .
Contact
Rebecca Elming
Manager , Media Relations
519-888-4567 ext. 30031
relming@uwaterloo.ca
Sign up to receive press releases
Interested in receiving press releases ?
Contact Matthew Grant at matthew.grant@uwaterloo.ca .
You can choose to receive all news and media advisories from the University of Waterloo , or any number of the following categories :
Major announcements
Science
Technology
Environment
Business and Finance
Engineering
Healthcare
AT&T is circulating a survey among some of its longer - term iPhone users with a checklist of features they 'd like to see .
It 's a follow - up to a similar survey a few months back , and apparently also serves to judge reactions to the 2.1 firmware .
Some of the most regular complaints make the list , including picture messaging through MMS , landscape mode for email , a user - replaceable battery , and the all - mighty cut and paste .
The survey probably does n't imply any kind of imminent changes , but it 's nice to hear that AT&T is trying to listen to what we 've all been screaming for so long .
[ AppleInsider ]
Advertisement
HOUSTON  Oil prices fell below $ 90 a barrel on Monday for the first time since February because of the economic slowdown , even though production in the Gulf of Mexico had not fully recovered from hurricane destruction three weeks ago .
The price decline of recent weeks , from a record high for crude oil of $ 147.27 a barrel during the trading day on July 11 , has been breathtaking for energy analysts and traders , some of whom had predicted during the summer that the price would cross the $ 200 threshold by 2010 or sooner .
Now , amid weakening global demand , prognosticators are talking about prices going down to $ 70 or even lower .
“ The buying frenzy that engulfed the oil market in the beginning of the year is about to go into reverse , ” declared Phil Flynn , an analyst at Alaron Trading , in a note to investors on Monday , “ and the myths that oil bulls tried to feed us are coming apart at the seams . ”
3M Wind Tape Protects Turbine Blades
October 17th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
The 3 M name is already synonymous with tape , so it is n’t that surprising to hear that the company quietly introduced Wind Tape to the market in mid-2007 .
The tape , which is designed to protect the leading edges of 120 - foot fiberglass turbines , costs $ 288 per 54 - foot roll .
Many turbine blades start to erode after a year or two of use , so 3 M ’s polyurethane tape is an important addition to any wind turbine toolbox .
The tape is n’t just a temporary fix for turbines — the company estimates that it could add seven to ten years to the life of a blade .
3 M is also working on a number of other wind - energy products , including drag - reducing sharkskin - like skins for blades , and small glass microspheres to reduce blade weight .
Photo Credit : Global Windpower Services
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
The sport of competitive eating was given a shocking reminder yesterday that gorging oneself with a daunting amounts of greasy food in an extremely short period of time may have negative effects on health .
A Taiwanese graduate student vying for the " Big Stomach King " contest at Dayeh University died on Tuesday just before he could claim the winning title .
The 23 - year - old had chowed himself ahead of 30 other teams by consuming two buns filled with rice and cheese and helping himself to some of his teammates food as well .
He was on course to win the annual campus event when he passed out and died after " relentless " vomiting , Reuters reports .
" I can't say why he died , " said Huang Te-hsiang , the university 's dean of affairs .
" He had been in the contest before .
He was a strong guy . "
Had the student been victorious , he would have won NT $ 2,000 ( $ 60 , £ 38 ) .
Taiwan 's education ministry has barred further campus - based eating contests while it conducts an investigation . ®
Oh , is this good !
I live alone , made my usual rumaki for our family 's Christmas Eve dinner , and it was good .
But my friend Marie told me about this one , so I made it for myself on New Year 's Day .
I am wiping out the last of the 24 rumaki for supper this evening .
This is an excellent recipe , they are even good right from the fridge .
Even when cold , the flavors are so intense that they are tasty indeed .
I will be making these again and again .
PIEDMONT , Calif . 
After the 2006 season at Piedmont High , Coach Kurt Bryan and an assistant sat around with a dry erase board , trying to coax a Ouija board ’s connection with football ’s innovative spirits .
Their aim was to keep this Bay Area school , with a small enrollment ( 785 students ) and generally small but athletic players , competitive against bigger schools with bigger players .
Steve Humphries , the assistant , had an idea :
What if the offense featured not one quarterback but two ?
Not bad , Bryan said , but things would really get interesting if all 11 players were potentially eligible to receive a pass .
Hence , the A - 11 offense was born .
To its proponents , the A - 11 represents the logical and inevitable evolution of a game that is becoming faster and more spread out at all levels .
The alignment diminishes , or eliminates , the need for a traditional offensive line , where players can weigh 300 pounds even in high school .
And , coaches say , it reduces injury because it involves glancing blows more than smash - mouth collisions .
To its detractors , the A - 11 is a gimmick that cleverly but unfairly takes advantage of a loophole in the rules .
To these critics , the offense places an inequitable burden on defenses to determine who is eligible for passes and makes the sport nearly impossible to referee .
Oakland quarterback JaMarcus Russell , the first overall NFL draft choice in 2007 , was outplayed Sunday by Buffalo quarterback Trent Edwards , chosen late in the third round of the same draft .
Low - drafted , six - times - waived quarterback J.T. O'Sullivan led San Francisco to victory , while Alex Smith , the first overall selection in 2005 , is on injured reserve again and expected to be released before next season .
Fourth - round draftee David Garrard led Jacksonville to a victory over Indianapolis .
Recently waived quarterback Chad Pennington led Miami to a victory over mighty New England .
Brian Griese and Kerry Collins , both intimately familiar with the waiver wire , led Tampa and Tennessee to victories ; Griese , who has been waived four times , threw for 407 yards .
Oft - waived , seventh - round draft pick Gus Frerotte led Minnesota to a victory .
Six - round draft pick Matt Hasselbeck led Seattle to a victory .
Undrafted Tony Romo , who nobody had heard of when he was coming out of college , led Dallas to a victory over Green Bay and its 2005 first - round pick , quarterback Aaron Rodgers .
In only a few games ( Washington over Arizona , Baltimore over Cleveland , Denver over New Orleans , Atlanta over Kansas City , San Diego over Jersey / B ) did first - round - drafted quarterbacks beat lower - drafted or undrafted quarterbacks .
Only in two games ( New York Giants over Cincinnati and Philadelphia over Pittsburgh ) did two first - round quarterbacks face off .
Overall , only 14 of the 32 quarterbacks who started this week were first - round draft choices .
This NFL weekend was the best reminder ever that it's not about how much hype you get , it 's about how you perform .
In other football news , weeks ago , Tuesday Morning Quarterback praised the NCAA for matching the National Federation of High Schools ' two - year crackdown on dangerous hits .
Last week the National Football League joined in with its own crackdown .
Roger Goodell , why is n't your league the lead institution in football safety ?
Why does the NFL always follow high school and college reform ?
Here is a cause where the NFL needs to get out front and lead : the anti-concussion helmet .
Helmets that reduce concussion risk exist .
Many NFL players wear them voluntarily .
Yet the NFL will not mandate their use , setting a poor example for other levels of the sport .
First , the NFL action last week .
Adam Schefter of NFL.com reported Goodell sent all players and coaches a memo about dangerous hits , declaring , " Any conduct that unnecessarily risks the safety of other players has no role in the game of football and will be disciplined at increased levels , including on a first offense . "
Presumably this means officials have been instructed to more closely enforce helmet - as - a - weapon hits , late hits and out - of - bounds hits .
High school cracked down on such hits in 2006 , and the NCAA declared a crackdown on such hits last month .
At least the NFL has caught up .
[+]
Enlarge Riddell The Riddell Revolution anti-concussion helmet ; Shutt 's anti-concussion model is the DNA .
But the NFL has not mandated use of anti-concussion helmets , the Riddell Revolution or Schutt DNA .
Research suggests they are efficacious ; this University of Pittsburgh study found anti-concussion helmets reduce the likelihood of suffering a concussion by about one - third among high school players .
Traditional helmet designs seem OK for youth - league play , owing to low intensity of contact .
But from the high school varsity level on up , studies suggest football jocks should n't have anything on their heads but anti-concussion designs .
Some design features of the anti-concussion helmets are the result of NFL studies , which showed that helmet - against - helmet contact is the most dangerous kind of hit , and hits near the ears are most likely to result in concussions .
Yet the NFL does not require the anti-concussion helmets it helped inspire .
And because such helmets have a slight space - alien look , the recent fashion trend is back toward the traditional shell design .
Schutt has been pushing its new Air XP , a traditional - shape helmet that looks really cool , but lacks the anti-concussion engineering of the company 's DNA helmet .
( Schutt also has a new helmet type , the Ion , which might reduce concussions ; it 's so new there is no data yet .
This startup company claims a breakthrough in helmet padding design to reduce concussions , but its product is not yet on the market . )
On paper the reason for the lack of action to require anti-concussion helmets is that the National Operating Committee on Standards for Athletic Equipment still has n't made up its mind about whether such helmets should be universal .
Though you will be pleased to know NOCSAE recently issued a 10 - page set of specifications for football gloves , taking on the highly controversial glove - stitching issue .
Inaction by NOCSAE on the helmet question matters because the NFL , NCAA and most state high school sports associations use NOCSAE standards .
If NOCSAE mandated anti-concussion helmets , the NFL and all big - college teams would adopt them immediately -- if only for liability reasons -- while small colleges and high schools would start switching over .
Yet NOCSAE keeps twiddling its thumbs , and the NFL has declined to mandate anti-concussion helmets unilaterally -- a puzzling stance considering Goodell has said decreasing concussions is one of his priorities .
NOCSAE has a good reputation ; past tightening of NOCSAE helmet - engineering rules was important to the reduced incidence of brain and spinal injuries among football players .
You hear more about serious football injuries now because all sports issues are better - covered , but the rates of brain and spine injuries , and of football deaths , have been going down steadily for three decades as equipment , sports medicine and coaching knowledge have improved .
Research at the University of North Carolina shows that during the 1960s , high school football averaged around 30 deaths per year from head and spine injuries .
Today , with the national population larger and far more boys ( plus a few girls ) playing high school football , head - injury deaths have declined to an average of three per year .
Better helmets and NFHS restrictions against helmet - first tackling -- high school athletics outlawed helmet - first tackling in 1978 , long before the NFL did -- are the reasons .
Since 2000 , participating in high school or college football has created a roughly 1 - in - 400,000 risk of death .
The overall accidental death rate for ages 15 to 24 is 1 in 2,700 , so nonsports accidents are a dramatically higher cause of death than football accidents .
The teen - to - young - adult death rate for car accidents is about 1 in 4,500 per year .
Even adjusting for more time spent in vehicles , arguably you 're safer playing football than in the car driving to the game .
[+]
Enlarge Schutt
The really cool , but traditional , Shutt XP .
But the decline in head injury rates is no reason to stop progress .
Universal use of anti-concussion helmets seems like the next logical step .
This will be especially important at the prep level , since high school players are more susceptible to head injuries than college players -- both the brain and brain case are still maturing in high school , and thus more vulnerable .
NOCSAE has been pushing hard on helmet - test standards , to prevent high schools from using beat - up old headgear , while taking its sweet time on the anti-concussion helmet question .
Could special - interest lobbying be a factor in the latter ?
Two or three million traditional - design football helmets are in circulation .
A small industry exists around reconditioning those traditional helmets and selling them to high schools , where the vast majority of football action takes place ( in revenue terms , the high school football market is much more important to equipment suppliers than college or the pros ) .
The helmet - reconditioning lobby does not want a NOCSAE mandate of anti-concussion designs , because all the old helmets would become worthless .
Yes , new anti-concussion helmets cost $ 75 to $ 100 more than reconditioned traditional helmets .
But the cost is irrelevant at the NFL and big - college level , and even most small colleges would rather spend an extra few thousand dollars on helmets than face a concussion lawsuit .
Cost does matter at the high school level , where money is always tight .
But the cost - benefit calculation seems promising .
My rough guess is that it would cost about $ 100 million to equip every one of the 1 million high school football players in the United States with Revos or DNAs .
Some high schools have already gone over ; my kids ' high school team has been all - Revo for four years , and we 've had one concussion in that span .
The cost seems within reason if it leads to a statistically significant decrease in concussions .
Add that football is the sole sport that pays for itself at most high schools , and the case seems strong .
The boys ( and occasionally girls ) who are leaving it on the field deserve the best possible protection .
Head - injury awareness is rising throughout the ranks of sports , in the same way heat - stroke awareness rose a decade ago .
At the coaches meeting of the league in which the middle - school team I coach plays , the very first item was a sports orthopedist lecturing on the dangers of concussions , how to diagnose the symptoms , and how to coach boys to avoid head injuries .
The " get back in the game kid " macho attitude about head injuries is changing , which is a positive sign .
So what are we waiting for ?
Why wo n't the NFL take a leadership role by mandating the anti-concussion helmet ?
In other football news , there 's talk that the East Coast and West Coast college football powers should play each other more often .
Maybe they should never play each other !
See below .
And Ronnie Brown of Miami was so sweet Sunday , he gets his own personal subhead .
Stats of the Week No. 1 : Denver is on a pace to score 608 points .
The NFL record is 589 points , by New England last season .
[+]
Enlarge Paul Spinelli / Getty Images Everyone 's happy when the Detroit Lions come to town .
Stats of the Week No. 2 : Pittsburgh , which last week beat Cleveland for the 10th straight time , this week lost in Philadelphia for the eighth straight time .
Stats of the Week No. 3 : Stretching back to last season , St. Louis has lost seven consecutive games , by an average margin of 23 points .
Stats of the Week No. 4 : Buffalo is 3 - 0 for the first time since 1992 -- but owing to its Toronto date in December , already has just five true home games remaining .
Stats of the Week No. 5 : After trailing 21 - 0 in its first two games , Detroit trailed 21 - 3 against San Francisco .
Stats of the Week No. 6 : At 1:33 p.m. ET on Sept. 21 , the Cincinnati Bengals held a lead for the first time in the 2008 season .
Stats of the Week No. 7 : Indianapolis has lost four consecutive home games , dating back to last season .
Stats of the Week No. 8 : In the past two weeks , 143 points have been scored at Please Don't Call It Invesco Field in Denver .
Stats of the Week No. 9 : If Brett Favre had stayed retired , he would be able to say he never lost a start to the San Diego Chargers .
Stats of the Week No. 10 : Miami is mathematically alive to finish 14 - 2 .
Philadelphia Eagles
If we were the Oktoberfest organizers in Munich , we 'd invite her .
Cheerleader of the Week : Devan of the Philadelphia Eagles , a dean 's list student at Temple University .
According to her team bio , Devan is pursuing a degree in " dance and advertising " -- a lot of advertising involves dancing around facts !
Also according to her team bio , Devan has taken German for six years and would like to visit Germany .
If she hurries , she can just barely make Oktoberfest -- see below .
Sweet Play of the Week : Jersey / B was leading San Diego 7 - 3 behind Brett Favre -- whose name , taking the cue from game announcers of all the networks , at this point should be changed to " Brett Favre Brett Favre Brett Favre . "
The Chargers faced a second - and - goal on the Jets ' 1 - yard line and lined up with tight end Antonio Gates and undrafted rookie fullback Mike Tolbert of Football Championship Subdivision school Coastal Carolina , both tight right as a power slotback pair .
Needless to say , the Jets were expecting a dive by LaDainian Tomlinson .
Instead we saw a play fake and an easy touchdown pass to Tolbert in the flat .
Tolbert had one touchdown reception in his entire collegiate career , but he already has one in the pros .
What made the play sweet was that Jets safety Eric Smith had responsibility for the flat .
At the snap , Smith tried to jam Gates but Gates instead threw Smith down onto his keister , leaving no one to cover the fullback .
When the receiver jams the jammer , that is sweet .
Note : Hosting research centers provides high prestige for colleges .
Coastal Carolina boasts 11 research centers , including the Clay Brittain Jr. Center for Resort Tourism : " Center researchers seek to study the synergistic affect each of the elements of the tourism mix has on the overall tourism phenomenon . "
Sweet Defensive Play of the Week : Minnesota cornerback Antoine Winfield sacked Carolina quarterback Jake Delhomme , picked up his fumble and ran it back for six points .
TMQ suspects this play was an uncalled " automatic " -- if Winfield saw a certain alignment , he was free to blitz .
On the play , Delhomme only looked to his left , with Winfield coming from his right .
The Vikings ' corner left his man uncovered , but Delhomme never looked that way .
From film study , Minnesota coaches must have noticed a formation or down - and - distance situation in which they were certain Delhomme would never look to his right .
Sweet Tackles of the Week : Trailing 34 - 32 with 2:19 remaining in Denver , New Orleans faced a third - and - 1 ; linebacker D.J. Williams stopped running back Pierre Thomas for a loss , and on the next snap the Saints missed a 43 - yard game - winning field goal .
Had New Orleans gotten a first down , there was time to move the kick in closer .
Leading 24 - 17 with 2:20 remaining and facing a third - and - 2 , Chicago quarterback Kyle Orton scrambled toward the first - down line .
But City of Tampa linebacker Cato June tackled him first , Chicago punted , Tampa scored in the closing seconds to force an extra session , and won in overtime .
Sour Play of the Week : With the game scoreless , Washington faced a second - and - goal on the Arizona 3 - yard line .
The Cardinals came out with just two down linemen , then placed four " box " defenders to the right of the center , and just two to the left .
Chess notation : " ? ? "
Jason Campbell audibled to a dive left , and Clinton Portis practically walked into the end zone .
Sour Officiating Moment : City of Tampa defensive end Gaines Adams intercepted a screen pass and returned it for a touchdown against Chicago .
The play was a tight end screen , and Adams not only got into position for the interception by interfering with Bears tight end Desmond Clark , he practically threw Clark to the ground .
That would have been legal in high school , where there is no pass interference behind the line of scrimmage .
But in the NFL , Adams should have been flagged , and it should have been a first down for Chicago .
K.C. Joyner , the Football Scientist , fact - checks TMQ : " You are correct that there should have been a flag on the play , but not for pass interference .
Quoting the 2008 NFL Record & Fact Book 's digest of rules , pass interference rules , Note 4 : ' There can be no pass interference at or behind the line of scrimmage , but defensive actions such as tackling a receiver can result in a 5 - yard penalty for defensive holding . '
The penalty should have been defensive holding . "
[+]
Enlarge United Launch Alliance Three ... two ... one ... and it's liftoff for the " Snow Crash " era .
Sweet ' N ' Sour Play : Trailing 24 - 17 , City of Tampa faced a second - and - goal on the Chicago 1 with 10 seconds remaining .
The Bucs lined up with double tight ends and a full house backfield .
But they did n't set ; often it 's unclear when the offensive players have set , especially quarterbacks and tight ends .
( Tony Dungy went ballistic last year when a Colts trick play was flagged because officials thought the tight end was set , then moved ; replays showed the tight end did not set , after he had elaborately rehearsed not setting . )
The Bucs ' left slot back jogged right , which looked to the defense like motion , but it actually was a shift .
Then tight end Jerramy Stevens shifted from tight left to way out left , almost at the sideline ; linebacker Hunter Hillenmeyer went with Stevens .
At the snap , both Tampa running backs simulated a power dive right ;
Stevens simply stepped inside of Hillenmeyer and caught a high - thrown jump ball .
That was sweet .
Chicago fell for the play - action fake even though Tampa had no timeouts , meaning the Bucs were likely to throw , and even though Tampa had just 30 yards rushing in the game up to that point .
Falling for the play - fake was sour .
This Really Must Be the 21st Century : Actual photo caption from the current Aviation Week and Space Technology : " The high - resolution GeoEye - 1 photo satellite was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base by a Delta II rocket to serve the National Geospatial Intelligence Agency , Google and foreign customers . "
So a rocket derived from a Cold War ICBM designed to obliterate the Soviet Union was launched at a U.S. Air Force base by a consortium of defense contractors ( United Launch Alliance is owned by Boeing and Lockheed Martin ) carrying a privately owned reconnaissance satellite ( GeoEye is listed on the NASDAQ ) that will provide photos of your backyard for a spy agency , for Google and for " foreign customers . "
Neal Stephenson 's 1992 cyberpunk novel " Snow Crash " posits a future in which military operations , national intelligence and international commerce have all merged into the same thing , available for sale .
If Stephenson had put this month 's rocket launch into the book , readers would have said , " Come on , that will never happen . "
United Artists
Sinister plot to destroy the global financial system -- hey , it 's just a movie .
Satellite Note 1 : Recently , I looked at my backyard using Google Earth , and was able to see the patio furniture .
What will I ( or you ) be able to see once GeoEye - 1 images go operational ?
Satellite Note 2 : Geo - Eye sounds an awful lot like GoldenEye , the satellite designed to destroy the global financial system in a James Bond movie .
GeoEye was launched on Sept. 6 ; the global financial meltdown began on Sept. 14 .
Satellite Note 3 : The National Geospatial Intelligence Agency has a marketing slogan .
Gimme ! Gimme !
Gimme !
Last week , TMQ asked why no one was paying attention to the fact that the national debt ceiling was quietly raised by $ 800 billion during the summer .
Well , toss that column : The White House just asked the national debt ceiling be raised another $ 700 billion , for the proposed financial - sector bailout .
If that happens , in 2008 alone , $ 1.5 trillion will have been added to the national debt : every penny borrowed from your children and their children .
Stated in today 's dollars , in 1979 the entire national debt was $ 1.5 trillion .
George W. Bush and Congress have in a single year added an amount equal to the entire national debt one generation ago .
And the year 's not over !
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Mark Lennihan
" Stocks are surging today , but U.S. government futures are down in heavy trading . "
It took the United States 209 years , from the founding of the republic till 1998 , to compile the first $ 5 trillion in national debt .
In the decade since , $ 6 trillion in debt has been added .
This means the United States has borrowed more money in the past decade than in all our previous history combined .
Almost all the borrowing has been under the direction of George W. Bush -- at this point Bush makes Kenneth Lay seem like a paragon of fiscal caution .
Democrats deserve ample blame , too .
Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi , Democratic leaders of the Senate and House , have never met a bailout they did n't like : Harry and Nancy just can't wait to spend your children 's money .
Six trillion dollars borrowed in a single decade and $ 1.5 trillion borrowed in 2008 alone .
Charles Ponzi would be embarrassed .
If you borrowed , borrowed , borrowed , you could afford to live high for a while -- then there would be a reckoning .
Hmmm that sounds a little like what many Americans did with gimmick mortgages in 2005 and 2006 .
They were only imitating their political leadership !
Why is it both parties in Washington think the United States can borrow , borrow , borrow without a reckoning ever coming ?
Bush , Reid and Pelosi seem poised to transfer hundreds of billions of dollars of borrowed public money to political insiders on Wall Street and in banking , whose bonuses will now be tax - subsidized .
The capitalist maxim is , " She who reaps the gains also bears the losses . "
Now Washington wants those who reaped the gains to shift the losses to those who lived humbly .
The young will pay and pay for these cynical ploys to insure the luxury of the powerful old .
Why are n't the young outraged ?
[+]
Enlarge Hart Preston / Time Life Pictures / Getty Images Charles Ponzi , relaxing in retirement as he stops at the mailbox to collect his 305 pension checks , can only envy modern Wall Street .
TMQ's pal Isabel Sawhill , among the leading public - policy economists of our day , says Washington does indeed need to intervene in the financial system -- the harm to the average person of letting credit markets freeze would be greater , she thinks , than the harm caused by more public debt .
Fair enough .
But it does n't inspire confidence that on Sept. 12 , Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said the financial system had been fixed and " under no circumstances " would there be further bailouts ; on Friday , Paulson said the system was collapsing and another $ 700 billion was needed .
Suddenly Paulson is insisting the country has no choice other than immediately to hand over $ 700 billion to Wall Street fat cats , with barely any debate or even explanation of the plan .
Why should anyone believe this guy , when just one week previously he said no further bailouts would occur ?
It seems clear Paulson had no idea what he was talking about then , while if the problem is really as bad as Paulson says now , his past delay in facing the problem has made the cost far higher .
With such a poor track record , why is the treasury secretary suddenly viewed as a superbrilliant genius whose marching orders must be followed ?
It is not public intervention that is objectionable .
University of Chicago Nobel Prize winner Gary Becker , among the top conservative economists , just said , " I have reluctantly concluded that substantial intervention was justified . "
Rather it is size of the bailout , and the hurry - up - give - the - money - don 't - stop - to - think aspect , that are troubling .
Much of the $ 700 billion will flow to investment - community friends of Paulson , Bush and other administration figures .
Average Americans who behaved irresponsibly by signing gimmick mortgages may get some taxpayer aid from the Paulson proposal , and maybe they should get none .
But in the end , average Americans will still be liable for most of what they owe -- that is , will still be held responsible for their actions .
Wealthy , politically connected insiders who run banks and companies such as American International Group will be exempt for responsibility for their actions , and will stuff taxpayer - subsidized millions into their pockets .
On Sunday , Paulson called the self - serving actions of top Wall Street figures " inexcusable " -- yet the plan is not only to excuse them , but to shower them with free money .
Paulson said Wall Street pay levels were " excessive , " but should be discussed later , after the bailout is done .
Now is the moment of maximum leverage !
Once they are holding the public 's money and laughing about how easily they got it , financial executives will have no incentive to compromise on pay .
Here 's an idea :
Any company that participates in the bailout agrees to limit its top - tier executives to the federal minimum wage .
That is , after all , the amount Washington says is enough to live on .
Meanwhile , of the two jokers who drove Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac into the ground , one was paid $ 19.8 million in 2007 , the other $ 14 million ; each will get nearly $ 5 million in taxpayer - funded " retirement " bennies .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Mark Lennihan
That was the clock in 2007 , now it needs another digit .
( Note : Not a joke , now it needs another digit . )
Yet there 's scant outrage .
Maybe this is because in an era of fiscal irresponsibility by both parties , everybody wants a bailout .
Wall Street , bankers , homeowners who lied on their mortgage applications , Detroit automakers , farmers -- gimme , gimme , gimme !
Rather than asking whether the $ 700 billion giveaway is too large or being structured in a way that benefits the rich , numerous members of Congress are instead demanding more bailouts be appended : for seniors ( see below ) , cities , states , more " stimulus " checks , you name it .
Give money to whoever will fund my re-election !
The money is being forcibly extracted from the pockets of our children and their children .
Every dollar borrowed today by the irresponsible old of Washington will subtract two dollars from future economic growth , leaving our children and their children a legacy of stagnation .
The 1980 Chrysler bailout , which was nationally debated for months before happening , cost $ 3.2 billion , in present - value dollars , and was financed by revenue rather than by borrowing .
Here is the borrowing that 's happened in 2008 alone , with precious little public debate :
• $ 29 billion to bail out Bear Stearns .
• $ 40 billion in the first mortgage - holder bailout .
• $ 80 billion for an additional year of Iraq war operations .
( Another $ 150 - $ 200 billion in war costs such as future veterans ' disability benefits were incurred but not funded . )
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Pablo Martinez Monsivais
We should give away $ 700 billion ?
I need to think about that .
OK , I thought ; give it away .
• Up to $ 85 billion to bail out AIG .
• $ 153 billion to households for " economic stimulus . "
• $ 200 billion , and possibly more , to bail out Fannie and Freddie .
• $ 290 billion in farm subsidies , despite agricultural prices and grains profits being at record highs .
• $ 700 billion general bailout of securities backed by bad debt .
( The International Monetary Fund estimates this figure will rise to at least $ 1 trillion . )
That comes to $ 1.6 trillion , explaining the debt - ceiling rise , and does not include roughly $ 300 billion in essentially interest - free cash issued to banks by the Federal Reserve on an emergency basis , which may or may not be repaid , but which in any case make all existing money somewhat less valuable .
Why is the debt aspect of the splurge barely being remarked on by the mainstream media and by politicians ?
Why are the young not furious ?
And about that $ 700 billion about to the shoveled to the Wall Street elite -- in 2007 , George W. Bush vetoed an increase of $ 7 billion per year in health care spending for the poor , saying the country could n't afford it .
Buck - Buck - Brawckkkkkkk No. 1 : Trailing Washington 24 - 17 , Arizona faced fourth - and - 4 with 2:39 remaining at midfield , and punted .
Needless to say , the Cards never touched the ball again .
Arizona came into the game averaging 5.6 offensive yards per game .
The clock is draining , it 's only fourth - and - 4 and you 're at midfield .
Why are you punting ????????????
Buck - Buck - Brawckkkkkkk No. 2 : Trailing Dallas 24 - 9 early in the fourth quarter , Green Bay faced fourth - and - 2 on its 35 , and sent in a punt unit .
" Got to be a fake , " yours truly thought -- boom went the punt , and Dallas scored on its possession to ice the game .
As TMQ endlessly notes , teams that punt on fourth - and - short when trailing in the fourth quarter almost always go on to lose .
Best Purist Drive : Jacksonville ran an 18 - play , 82 - yard drive that consumed 12 minutes and 18 seconds of the fourth quarter .
Fourteen of the snaps were rushes ; the result was a field goal that put the Jags ahead 20 - 14 with 2:36 remaining .
Lions Always Welcome at Your House : Detroit is 8 - 50 in its past 58 road games .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Misha Japaridze
Hark the herald accountants sing !
Jason Bulthuis of Chicago writes , " My fiancée and I recently returned from a trip to Hawaii .
On September 4 , I went to [ the ] store across the street from the hotel and was greeted with a full Christmas display .
The store had the Christmas tree set up , even a model train going around the base of the tree .
As I entered the store there was an electronic sign displaying a current temperature of 88 degrees .
Merry Christmas ! " William Wilbar writes , " I was in the new Pacific Mall in Cabatuan , Philippines , on 10 September , when the weather was approaching 90 degrees F .
What do you think I hear but ' White Christmas ' blaring on the PA . "
Cecelia Carson of Flower Mound , Texas , reports " Rick Steves ' European Christmas " ran on PBS stations in Texas on Saturday .
Tim Reukauf of Buffalo , N.Y. , reports , " Today , September 11th , the LL Bean Christmas catalog arrived declaring , ' Christmas is right around the corner ! '
Earlier this week , my wife spotted Christmas decorations next to the Halloween candy in Tops , our local supermarket .
Not only is Christmas not right around the corner , Halloween was n't even around the corner !
In astronomical terms it was still summer at the time , the autumn equinox falling on September 22nd this year . "
Sweet Ronnie Brown Plays of the Week : At Buffalo , Oakland lined up running back Darren McFadden as quarterback -- then had him hand off .
What was that supposed to accomplish ?
At New England , Miami eight times lined up running back Ronnie Brown at quarterback , and it was a delight to behold .
Six times Brown rushed , two of the runs being touchdowns .
Once he handed off to Ricky Williams , then " ran out the fake " -- sprinted in the opposite direction , just like a high school quarterback after a handoff .
Later Brown faked a handoff to Williams , " ran out the fake , " stopped and tossed a touchdown pass .
The Miami game plan was magnificently pure high school .
Often high school teams line a running back up as quarterback -- my kids ' high school team did it three times last weekend .
The dynamic is that when a quarterback simply takes the snap and hands off , the offense is rushing 10 - on - 11 .
When a running back is at quarterback , the offense is rushing 11 - on - 11 .
That 11 - on - 11 edge worked well for Miami in its upset of New England ; it was as if the Flying Elvii had never seen this high school ploy .
Having Brown " run out the fake " was particular fun , since quarterbacks usually do this at the prep level , hoping to draw one defender along with them .
In the pros , quarterbacks never run after handing off , just stand there and watch .
That 's why the rush becomes 10 - on - 11 .
If a defender has to shadow the run-out figure , the rush becomes 10 - on - 10 .
Who was responsible for Miami's high - school - venerating game plan ?
Offensive coordinator Dan Henning , who was n't even working in the NFL last season .
Maybe he attended some Friday night high school games and remembered that football is supposed to be fun .
Success Has a Thousand Fathers : Turns out Miami calls its delightful high - school - inspired tactic " The Wildcat . "
Who gets credit ?
I speculated Dan Henning .
Several readers with good memories , including Marcy Foster of Mint Hill , N.C. , noted that when Henning was the offensive coordinator for the Carolina Panthers , he had tailback DeAngelo Williams line up at quarterback for most of one game against Atlanta ; the Panthers rushed a high - school - like 52 times , and won .
That strategy failed to register in the collective consciousness because the game occurred on Christmas Eve 2006 .
According , however , to Armando Salguero of the Miami Herald , " The Wildcat formation is the brainchild of [ Dolphins ] quarterback coach David Lee [ who ] used it at the University of Arkansas . "
OK , then why was n't the formation called " The Razorback ? "
( Note : The Dolphins will never have a formation called " The Crimson Tide . " )
Jeff Parrotte of Syracuse , N.Y. , writes , " Miami 's new offensive quality control coach is Steve Bush , who was hired by the Dolphins two months after winning the AA State Football Title at West Genesee High School of Camillus , New York . "
And the West Genesee football team is called the Wildcats .
Dr. Watson , I believe the case is solved .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Robert E. Klein
Something went horribly wrong at Gillette Field , but do n't blame the cheerleaders .
As for New England , have the football gods turned their faces away ?
The vaunted Patriots offensive line looked average ; tackle Nick Kaczur was toasted repeatedly by Joey Porter .
Game scoreless , New England faced third - and - goal on the Marine Mammals ' 16 .
A draw followed by a field goal seemed prudent with a shaky young quarterback ; instead coaches called a pass that was intercepted , setting up Miami 's first touchdown drive .
Scoring to pull within 28 - 13 at the end of the third quarter , New England did not onside kick : Miami got the icing touchdown on its possession .
Even the crowd had a bad game !
Fans were streaming toward the parking lot at the start of the fourth quarter .
Sure , the Pats won the Super Bowl three times this decade , and entered Sunday 's game on a 25 - 2 run .
But what have you done for us lately !
[+]
Enlarge Marc Serota / Getty Images
It 's a lovely new stadium .
The Cowboys ' new stadium will cost 13 times as much .
Yankee Stadium , which took its last bow Sunday , cost $ 35 million to build in today 's dollars , and over the decades has received about $ 200 million in renovations .
That 's about $ 235 million .
The new Yankee Stadium is slated to cost $ 1.6 billion -- does anyone seriously believe it will be seven times nicer than the present building ?
Last week , I noted Texas Stadium cost $ 165 million in today 's dollars , and opined that its replacement , slated to cost more than $ 1 billion , could not possibly be six times better than the original .
Reader Matt Woolsey of New York City writes , " If Texas Stadium cost $ 165 million in present - value dollars , it should in theory cost less to build an exact replica today , because today technology is better and management more efficient .
Therefore , to justify the $ 1 billion expense , we should expect the new stadium to be eight or nine times nicer than Texas Stadium , as opposed to the factor of six you suggest . "
Dave Kennedy of Ft. Lauderdale , Fla. , notes that Florida International 's new stadium , which opened this weekend , cost about $ 80 million -- evidence that you could in fact build Texas Stadium today for well less than that $ 165 million present - value cost .
And though the new Cowboys stadium surely will be nicer than the new Florida International stadium , can anyone seriously believe it will be 13 times nicer ?
Meanwhile , several readers have made the same point , which I will attribute to Lauren Steinberg of Bergen County in New Jersey :
If New Jersey taxpayers are being hit for $ 330 million in subsidies for the new Giants - Jets stadium , why do n't they receive the naming rights ?
New Jersey taxpayers will shell out far more than is likely to be paid by whatever multinational corporation gets to choose the stadium name .
So how come the taxpayers pay a lot and get nothing , while corporations pay less and get something ?
Of course , this is the way government increasingly is run .
But suppose the world were fair and New Jersey taxpayers got to name the stadium .
What name would they choose ?
Make your suggestions using the address at Reader Animadversion .
And note , all Jimmy Hoffa suggestions are automatically disqualified .
Bailout - a- Rama Note 1 : A major line of business for American International Group is pledging collateral to insure debts secured by others ; if someone else 's debt goes bad , AIG would pay .
In return for such pledges , AIG received the hefty fees that helped make it large ( $ 110 billion in revenue in 2007 ) and profitable ( $ 9 billion in profits in 2007 ) , and allowed it to pay fantastic bonuses to top management ( $ 23 million to CEO Martin Sullivan in 2007 ) .
Now it turns out AIG 's pledges were not what it claimed , or at least were poorly hedged :
As debt - backed securities started going underwater , the company could not , in fact , make good .
In steps the federal taxpayer , hit for a breathtaking $ 85 billion bailout .
[+]
Enlarge AIG AIG 's home page Monday , which strangely does n't mention the " we get $ 85 billion of your money " stuff .
AIG was in a bank - run situation , and there is legitimate public purpose in stopping bank runs .
Taxpayers get a stock position in AIG , and a repayment promise ; it 's possible the ultimate cost of the bailout will be well less than $ 85 billion .
But attached to the bailout is no requirement that the AIG top managers who lavished money on themselves , justifying it on decisions now known to be " inexcusable " ( Paulson 's word ) , give up any of their bonuses , which are now effectively tax - supported .
At the moment of the Treasury Department 's maximum power over AIG , the federal government asked nothing of company officials .
Essentially Treasury said , " We propose the taxpayers give up $ 85 billion , and you give up nothing . "
The Bush administration sure drives a hard bargain !
This is the same basic agreement -- $ 700 billion in return for no concessions about pay -- the White House now wants to reach with the financial industry as a whole .
And yes , on paper some of the money could come back to the taxpayer .
But bear in mind : Government money has a tendency to be looted .
TMQ contends the reason the United States is in a decadelong cycle of financial scandal and corporate lying is because executives are never required to return the money they filch .
They may be caught and fired , but keep the bags of gold .
Given this incentive structure , what will future executives do ?
Lie and cheat .
Personal responsibility has vanished at the top of corporate America .
When executives screw up , taxpayers are punished , not the executives .
Bailout - a- Rama Note 2 : The home page of American International Group does not say , " Dear American taxpayer , thanks for handing us $ 85 billion ! "
Nor does it say , " Because of this debt being imposed on your children , our executives will continue to receive huge bonuses -- while you and your children get shafted .
Thanks again ! "
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Christof Stache Ein Aufgetoastenhaben bis September !
Three Cheers for Drinking More Beer : Last week I declared Oktoberfest creep had joined Christmas creep , noting a letter from a Cincinnati woman who attended a local Oktoberfest the first weekend of September .
Many readers including Heidi Dornberg of Munich , Germany , wrote to note the genuine - article Oktoberfest begins in September , though late September .
" Munich usually has better weather in September than in October , and Oktoberfest is an outdoor festival , " she wrote .
" Over the years the start date has crept into September to take advantage of favorable weather .
This year the festival began on September 20th and runs till October 5th .
Also , bear in mind the warmer September days make people thirsty , so they drink more beer . "
What If Your Brother Would n't Let You Have $ 88 Million ?
Pittsburgh businessman Stanley Druckenmiller last week withdrew his offer to buy the 64 percent of the Steelers owned by the four Rooney brothers who are not Dan Rooney .
These brothers are feuding with Dan , who has in effect control of the team despite owning just 16 percent , and also are under a cloud with respect to the NFL , because they are involved in the racetrack business and NFL rules forbid anyone with an ownership stake in a team from being involved in gambling .
Residual respect for Art Rooney , founder of the Steelers who died in 1988 , is why the league has let his four racetrack - linked sons get away with an obvious violation of rules .
But the league is uncomfortable with this , and wants the brothers bought out .
Druckenmiller 's offer was in effect rebuffed by Dan Rooney .
If Druckenmiller acquired 64 percent he would have clear voting control of the team , wiping out Dan 's unusual insider position that allows him to run the team despite lacking a voting majority .
( Dan owns 16 percent and has proxy for another 20 percent owned by cousins , but that 's still only a third . )
Dan wants to remain in command , so endless impasse regarding the brothers ' stock serves his position .
AP Photo / Don Wright
He offered to buy his relatives out with shares of Lehman Brothers .
The brothers wanted Druckenmiller to prevail , because he offered $ 800 million for their position .
That 's $ 200 million per brother ; Dan has been offering each brother $ 112 million for his stake .
Imagine if you had a business proposition that would bring you an extra $ 88 million , and your big brother said no !
Thanksgiving dinner must be real fun in the Rooney household .
Note Druckenmiller 's offer values the Steelers at $ 1.25 billion .
Last year , when real estate developer Steve Ross bought half of the Dolphins for $ 500 million , this valued the team at $ 1 billion , highest in American sports for a franchise sale .
One year later , in a slack economy , Druckenmiller just valued an NFL franchise in a smaller city at 25 percent higher .
And was rebuffed !
[+]
Enlarge Fabrice Coffrini / Getty Images Activate particle accelerators ... initialize hadron beam ... say , what are those little black things leaking out ?
You There , Janitor , a Black Hole Just Spilled at Tunnel Three , Go Clean It Up : Many readers , including Jared Adkins of Silver Spring , Md. , noted that full - power start - up of the Large Hadron Collider in Switzerland has been postponed several months after discovery that the 10 billion Euro super - advanced device leaks .
He notes , " So it not only might inadvertently create a black hole , the black hole might leak out ? "
Lane Kiffin Sent to Detention : Oakland punter Shane Lechler looked to be a Player of the Week cinch after his placement punts nailed the Bills with drive starts on their 1 , 4 , 11 , 12 and 13 .
Oakland receiver Johnnie Higgins looked to have iced the contest with an 84 - yard fourth - quarter touchdown reception ; coming into the game , Higgins , in his second season , had 47 career receiving yards .
Lane " Hey Mom , I Got My Learner 's Permit " Kiffin was blamed for the collapse that saw the Raiders ' defense surrender 200 yards in the fourth quarter .
But Kiffin does n't call defensive signals .
Rob Ryan does , and it was Ryan who called too many blitzes in the fourth quarter , practically sending the Buffalo Budgies an engraved invitation to stage a comeback .
Buffalo gained 152 yards on its first 10 possessions and 221 yards on its final three possessions .
Ryan 's job seems secure -- Al Davis likes Ryan because he swaggers around boasting of his prowess .
When it counted Sunday , Ryan 's unit could not hold a lead .
Ryan remains unpunished ; hey , maybe George W. Bush and Nancy Pelosi should give $ 700 billion to Rob Ryan !
Coaching note :
After staging his inexplicable pointless summer holdout ( he has three years remaining on his contract ) , Budgies Pro Bowl tackle Jason Peters has lacked focus in his early play .
On Sunday , he struggled early against Oakland speed rusher Derrick Burgess .
Buffalo coaches took Peters out , but rather than yell at him , had him stand with them and watch as undrafted Kirk Chambers played left tackle and shut Burgess down .
That was all the motivation Peters needed to return and perform well in the second half .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Ross D. Franklin
Maybe they should never play !
Ban the Coast - to - Coast College Game !
Jon Pinyan of Allendale , N.J. , writes , " Your comment on Cal 's trip to Maryland , ' Coach Jeff Tedford had his team fly through three times zones and arrive on the East Coast at 4 p.m.
Friday for a game that kicked off at noon Saturday .
That really dumb coaching decision likely hurt Cal more than the best pep talk in history could have helped Maryland . '
What else was Tedford supposed to do ?
At least in principle , his players are college students who should be attending classes .
For the team to travel any earlier would require his players to miss Thursday classes .
While college football may as well be semi- pro in all respects other than paying the players , some schools at least try to keep up the pretense that players are students who occasionally go to class . "
Outstanding point !
Lately there has been some buzz about why the ACC and SEC do n't play the Pac - 10 much -- maybe they should never play each other .
There 's no way a team from one conference could travel to the other without either playing jet - lagged , or dropping any pretense its players are college students .
[+]
Enlarge Elsa / Getty Images
We failed to cover Amani Toomer in overtime .
We must be the Cincinnati Bengals .
Stop Me Before I Blitz Again !
In overtime , the defending champion Giants faced third - and - 10 at the Cincinnati 38 .
Straight defense is statistically likely to produce a stop , plus Jersey / A is already outside field - goal range , so a sack is not a priority .
The Bengals send a six - man blitz , Amani Toomer is left uncovered up the left sideline , and a few snaps later , Jersey / A wins its seventh consecutive game .
Network Priorities Praised : TMQ lives in the Washington , D.C. , area , where endlessly the network affiliates show excruciatingly dull Baltimore Ravens games instead of whatever the day 's headliner is , on the theory that Washington is a " secondary market " for Baltimore .
On Sunday , WUSA , the CBS affiliate , had the late slot and showed Pittsburgh at Philadelphia , the headliner game , not the Cleveland - Baltimore stinker .
Good call !
Pittsburgh at Philadelphia was n't a fireworks game , but was a lot better than the Cleveland - Baltimore stinker .
Also , WUSA began by showing the overtime of Cincinnati at New York , then switched to the scheduled contest .
Another good call !
Eagles note :
The sports press gushes over Donovan McNabb and Brian Westbrook , but TMQ contends line play is the essence of the Nesharim franchise .
Never was that on better display than Sunday , when the Philadelphia front seven shut down the Steelers with nine sacks .
Browns note : " Brady ! Brady ! "
That 's what I would be chanting if I were a Cleveland fan .
This team has one of football 's most expensive offensive lines , and Sunday could not run .
It has two high No. 1 draft choices at receiver positions , and Sunday could not pass .
It has an average of nine points scored per game , all losses .
And it has Brady Quinn on the bench .
Here 's An Idea -- Privatize Wall Street : Imagine how much worse the bailout landscape would be if Social Security were privatized now .
In theory , privatizing would mean benefits belonged to you but also were no longer federally backed ; in theory , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were private companies not federally backed .
The Standard & Poor 's index , the best broad - market indicator , is down 14 percent since George W. Bush took office , meaning $ 100 saved in a privatized Social Security account would be worth $ 86 now .
Owing to cost - of - living increases , which roughly track inflation , $ 100 in Social Security benefits in 2001 has become $ 112 today .
Of course , when the market rises , retirees who opted for privatization would come out ahead ; had the broad market followed its historical average , $ 100 in 2001 would be $ 154 now .
But imagine if the retirees who took the privatization deal proposed by Bush had seen their $ 100 in benefits shrink to $ 86 , while those who stayed in the regular system saw benefits rise to $ 112 .
The privatized would be screaming for more , and Congress , ever - spineless , would likely bail them out , billing the borrowing to future generations .
In years when the privatized Social Security recipients came out ahead , they 'd insist on keeping the surplus , boasting about being risk - taking free - market types .
Privatized Social Security would be all but identical to the current corporate bailout scene -- if the risk works you keep the money , if the risk fails , taxpayers are punished .
Yet Another Federal Giveaway : Here 's another giveaway on which the media have been silent .
Tossed into last summer 's bailout bill for people behind on their mortgages -- many of them freely signed something - for - nothing gimmick loans , and do n't deserve subsidies any more than Wall Street does -- is a tax favor for senior citizens .
The break allows seniors to deduct their property taxes , even if they have paid off their homes and thus do not itemize deductions because they no longer have any mortgage interest to declare .
The senior citizens ' lobby has long wanted retirees exempt from the property taxes everybody else must pay , even though seniors are , as a group , the best - off American demographic .
Property taxes are deducted on Schedule A , where home mortgage interest is deducted ; those who lack home mortgage interest generally benefit by not filing Schedule A , instead claiming the standard deduction .
Now seniors can claim the standard deduction and write off their property taxes , while people below age 65 can do only one or the other .
This new tax favor quietly slipped into the summertime bill helps only those seniors who have paid off their homes , which in most cases will be well - to - do retirees .
Not only is this yet another favor for the well - off at the expense of the average -- the new handout has nothing to do with the distressed - mortgage problem the bill was supposedly about .
The seniors receiving the new handout do n't have mortgage problems , because they do n't have mortgages !
The summertime bill was simply another gimme , gimme , gimme situation .
Congress was giving away money borrowed from future generations , and well - off seniors wanted to grab some .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Sam Soja / The Canadian Press
The polar ice is shrinking and the national debt is expanding .
Someone care to reverse those trends ?
Congress Announces 700 Billion - Ton Ice Bail - Out : Here , scientists report ever - lower Arctic ice levels .
Maybe Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac executives were stealing ice , too .
Sportsmanship Watch : Marius Meissner of Cologne , Germany , notes Slovakia 's women 's ice hockey squad beat Bulgaria 82 - 0 in an Olympic qualifying round , blasting shot after shot at a team that could barely skate .
Obscure College Score of the Week : Trine 42 , Defiance 14 .
Always concerned about the possible exhaustion of the obscure - college resource , TMQ was relieved to come across this line score , since I 'd never heard of Trine .
Located in Angola , Ind. , Trine University was until last month Tri-State University .
Here , Trine explains that " an educational marketing firm from Minneapolis " advised the school it had to get the word " state " out of its name or people would never understand Tri-State is a private institution .
Trine was chosen as the new name because Ralph Trine is the college 's leading donor .
Trine University will not say how much Ralph Trine gave ; in 1992 , Henry Rowan gave $ 100 million to have Glassboro State College renamed Rowan University .
One hundred million dollars in 1992 inflates to $ 156 million today , so let 's hope that 's how much the Indiana college got for selling its name .
According to Trine , the new name jointly honors Ralph and his wife , Sherri .
This means they missed the chance to rename the school the College of Ralph & Sherri , a la the College of William & Mary .
Trine - Defiance note : ESPN Radio's " Mike and Mike in the Morning " also featured the Trine - Defiance matchup last week , inviting listeners to come up with a good nickname for the game .
The winner ?
" The Clash of Mother Nature 's Wrath , " because the game featured the Thunder vs. the Yellow Jackets .
Single - Worst Sequence of the Season -- So Far : Chicago had led 24 - 14 at home with 6:38 remaining , and managed to lose in overtime .
When City of Tampa took over on its own 7 in overtime , Bears defenders repeatedly casually jogged toward the ball carrier , rather than going all - out to pin the Bucs deep and force a punt .
As Tampa relentlessly moved down the turf for its winning points , play after play , many Chicago defenders only jogged toward the ball , especially on the 36 - yard pass to Antonio Bryant that set up the visitors ' victory .
Sure the Bears were tired : Tampa players were tired , too .
NFL players receive serious money in part to do offseason conditioning .
In consecutive weeks , the Chicago defense could n't hold 14 - point leads , and both times , appeared to be dogging it .
When the Tampa offense went hurry - up in the fourth quarter , Chicago 's defense seemed to lack the conditioning needed to respond .
Bears defense , you are guilty of the single - worst sequence of the season -- so far .
Reader Animadversion :
Got a complaint or a deeply held grievance ?
Write me at TMQ_ESPN@yahoo.com .
Include your real name and the name of your hometown , and I may quote you by name unless you instruct me otherwise .
Giving your hometown improves your odds of being quoted .
Next Week Charles Ponzi posthumously awarded $ 700 billion by George W. Bush and Nancy Pelosi .
In addition to writing Tuesday Morning Quarterback , Gregg Easterbrook is the author of " The Progress Paradox : How Life Gets Better While People Feel Worse " and other books .
He also is a contributing editor for The New Republic , The Atlantic Monthly and The Washington Monthly .
This is as close we have come to confirming early information that no Australian will be able to completely opt- out of the Government ’s clean feed .
Mark Newton , who works for one of Australia ’s largest ISPs Internode , writes on Whirlpool that there will be two black lists :
One list that contains content that is unsuitable for children and another that contains content unsuitable or illegal for adults to view ( of which you ca n’t opt - out from ) .
That means even if you opt - out , your connection will still be filtered .
Newton says :
‘ The Government ’s plan is for there to be two blacklists , one for “ unsuitable for children , ” and another one for “ unsuitable for adults . ”
The much - touted “ opt - out ” would merely involve switching from blacklist number 1 to blacklist number 2 .
Under their current proposal , there ’s no scope at all to switch to no blacklist at all .
Regardless of your personal preference , your traffic will pass through the censorship box . ’
And in another post he says :
‘ If you had n’t opted out you ’d get both filters , if you had you ’d only get the second filter .
There ’s no indication from anyone at the Dept about how any of this is supposed to work , which , I think , answers your second question .
In particular , the test last week showed that even the absolute best filtering package they looked at could n’t reliably distinguish between illegal and legal material . ’
With no real opt - out provision , all Australian Internet users will suffer from the performance loss and overblocking that was found in the Government ’s Tasmanian filtering trial .
Remember to visit NoCleanFeed.com to find out how you can take action .
If you have n’t written a letter , it is now more important than ever that you do .
Thanks to Ben on STOP for the tip off .
Update 2/10/2008 10:30 AM : Contacted DBCDE for comment .
Standard form reply expected .
Update 2/10/2008 12:54 PM : I ’ve had some emails from people asking me who they should contact .
Start with Senator Conroy , Senator Minchin and your local member .
NoCleanFeed has an example letter here , but feel free to add your own objections to it .
An original letter holds more weight .
Fax , post or email — just remember to include your full name and postal address so it is taken seriously .
Do n’t forget to contact the media as well .
About Me Recent graduate from the University of Illinois in Math & Computer Science .
I like houseplants and things which are elegant .
Beyond hybrids
The invitation contained one obvious hint that the target audience was a bit different than the typical invitees to a New York City tech event : it offered free parking to drivers .
Last night , General Motors held a press event with an audience that included reporters that serve a range of audiences , including car junkies , the green community , and general technology enthusiasts .
The focus : a car that should appeal to all of them , one that the company has bet its future on .
After killing off the electric car in its EV1 incarnation , GM hopes to resurrect it in the form of the Chevy Volt .
After having shown a concept model at auto shows that was basically a construct put together out of parts of existing vehicles , GM claims that what we saw last night was supposed to be the final design that would actually make it to market .
The car was nonfunctional — as one of the engineers said , they have more important things to do with the batteries than ship them to New York — but intended to give a real impression of what a buyer might actually drive off the lot sometime in the next few years .
GM has tackled the Volt project with a mix of marketing , engineering , and technology development .
Last night 's event provided a little of all of them , but we 'll focus primarily on the latter two .
The Volt vs. the hybrids
GM is adamant that people recognize the Volt for what they consider it to be : despite the presence of a flex - fuel engine , this is an electric vehicle , not a plug - in hybrid .
This has a lot of interesting consequences , but one of them is simply that it radically changes the driving experience .
Unlike internal combustion engines , electric motors have full torque even at their lowest speeds .
Hybrids have this to a certain degree , but they have a relatively low - output motor and make up for the difference by kicking in their gasoline engine as needed .
That feature of hybrids , which the GM staff were happy to call " jarring , " wo n't happen with the Volt .
Its engine simply does n't ever directly interact with the driveshaft , but is instead used to power a generator .
Another consequence is that , even with a plug - in hybrid , it 's essentially impossible to do any significant driving without having the gasoline engine kick in .
For the Volt , the gasoline engine will only kick in if the battery 's charge drops to its minimum acceptable level ( more on that later ) .
For most people , that means the car will rarely burn gasoline ; for many commuters , GM estimates that the engine will never switch on .
One odd consequence of this is that nobody 's quite sure how to regulate the Volt .
It will often be zero emissions , but not always , and traditional MPG ratings are likely to be completely dependent on usage patterns .
GM is currently negotiating with the EPA , but is hoping to see the vehicle placed in an entirely new regulatory category .
One nice feature about the engine being disconnected from driving the car is that , when it runs , it can always run within its most fuel - efficient power envelope .
There 's some efficiency lost in the conversion to electric power and battery charging , but the Volt will get over 30 miles to the gallon when it is running ( indirectly ) on gasoline .
Frank Weber , the Volt 's chief engineer , was oddly cagey about how big the gas tank would be , but Bob Boniface , who is the car 's design lead , suggested it had a capacity of eight or nine gallons .
Regardless , they expect that it can keep the car going for an extra 300 + miles after the charge runs down .
The Recording Industry Association of America is labeling a Texas woman " vexatious " for her refusal to pay the record labels $ 7,400 for allegedly infringing 37 songs on the Kazaa file sharing network .
Instead , 20 - year - old Whitney Harper is demanding a jury trial .
The Texas Tech student wants a federal judge to consider the mistrial in the Jammie Thomas case , in which a jury awarded the RIAA $ 222,000 for infringing 24 songs .
In that case , the nation 's only file sharing lawsuit to go to trial , a Minnesota federal judge declared a mistrial after concluding he wrongly instructed jurors that simply making music files available on a peer - to - peer network constituted infringement .
Whitney 's motion is believed to be the first of the thousands of pending RIAA file sharing cases to invoke the Jammie Thomas mistrial decision , which U.S. District Judge Michael Davis wrote Sept. 24 .
The RIAA wants to appeal that decision , but first needs Davis ' blessing .
Following the line of reasoning in the Thomas mistrial , the Texas woman 's attorney said his client can only be liable at most for six songs , the number of tracks RIAA investigators said they downloaded from her share folder .
Judge Davis ruled that the 24 downloads the RIAA investigators made from Thomas ' share folder count as evidence of infringement .
The RIAA is urging ( .pdf ) the Texas judge to stick with his previous rulings that making music files available constituted infringement , and therefore force a settlement instead of trial .
" Because the Court already has addressed this issue twice , defendant ’s continued attempts to raise it are vexatious , " RIAA attorneys wrote ( . pdf ) in court documents .
The RIAA , which has filed an estimated 30,000 file sharing lawsuits , labeled New York attorney Ray Beckerman " vexatious " last month for his defense of an RIAA defendant .
The RIAA has agreed to accept $ 200 per track instead of the usual base of $ 750 under the Copyright Act because the woman is claiming an innocent infringement defense .
The Copyright Act , which carries penalties of up to $ 150,000 per track , allows penalties as low as $ 200
for innocent infringement defenses — in this case a teenager claiming she was clueless about what she was doing .
Whitney has admitted to downloading Kazaa and music when she was between 14 and 16 years old .
She later moved out of her family 's San
Antonio home , but the family computer was still running Kazaa and making available the music she downloaded years ago — all unknown to the woman and her family .
The RIAA sued her last year .
" I think there is a good chance of getting a jury nullification in this case , " said the woman 's attorney , Donald Scott Mackenzie of Texas .
Mackenzie said he would be willing to settle the case for $ 1,200 —
$ 200 for each of the six songs the RIAA downloaded from the computer 's open share folder .
Illustration : Modernhumorist.com
In my last article " Getting started with ADO.
NET Entity Framework in . NET 3.5 " , we have done select and add operations , now let us extend with update and delete operations .
Now I have added there textboxes fro employee ID , name and title as follows .
( you can find it with attached project )
Update :
There is no change in Data layer
In the business layer add the UpdateEmployee method
public string UpdateEmployee( Payroll.Entities .Employee e1 )
{
PayrollDAO payrollDAO = new PayrollDAO ( ) ;
try
{
Employee e2 = null ;
e2 = ( from emp in payrollDAO .
Employee
where emp.EmployeeID == e1.EmployeeID
select emp ) .
First ( ) ;
e 2. Name = e 1. Name ;
e 2. Title = e 1. Title ;
payrollDAO.SaveChanges ( ) ;
}
catch
{
return " ERROR " ;
}
return " SUCCESS " ;
}
In the Presentation layer , add the following code in update button click
protected void Button2_Click ( object sender , EventArgs e )
{
EmployeeService es = new EmployeeService ( ) ;
DateTime dt = new DateTime ( 2008 , 12 , 12 ) ;
Payroll.Entities .Employee e1 = Payroll.Entities.Employee.CreateEmployee(Convert.ToInt32(empID.Text ) , empName .
Text , empTitle .
Text , dt , " M " , " M " , dt ) ;
Result . Text = es.UpdateEmployee(e1 ) ;
GridView1.DataSource = es.GetEmployee ( ) ;
GridView1.DataBind ( ) ;
}
Delete :
There is no change in Data layer
In the business layer add the DeleteEmployee method
public string DeleteEmployee(Payroll.Entities .Employee e1 )
{
try
{
PayrollDAO payrollDAO = new PayrollDAO ( ) ;
Employee e2 = ( from emp in payrollDAO .
Employee
where emp.EmployeeID == e1.EmployeeID
select emp ) .
First ( ) ;
payrollDAO.DeleteObject(e2 ) ;
payrollDAO.SaveChanges ( ) ;
}
catch
{
return " ERROR " ;
}
return " SUCCESS " ;
}
In the Presentation layer , add the following code in delete button click
protected void Button3_Click ( object sender , EventArgs e )
{
EmployeeService es = new EmployeeService ( ) ;
DateTime dt = new DateTime ( 2008 , 12 , 12 ) ;
Payroll.Entities .Employee e1 = Payroll.Entities.Employee.CreateEmployee(Convert.ToInt32(empID.Text ) , " " , " " , dt , " M " , " M " , dt ) ;
Result . Text = es.DeleteEmployee(e1 ) ;
GridView1.DataSource = es.GetEmployee ( ) ;
GridView1.DataBind ( ) ;
}
Now our CRUD operations are over , in next article we will try to include more tables with relationships .
Aah !
Another bug !
Well , it 's the life .
When you have a headache , you take a couple aspirin , but when plants get stressed out , they just make their own .
Scientists had known that plants in laboratories produce a chemical called methyl salicylate — a form of the painkiller aspirin — when stressed out , but they had never detected it in plants out in nature .
A team of scientists from the National Center for Atmospheric Research ( NCAR ) in Boulder , Colo. , discovered by accident plants in the wild emitting methyl salicylate .
They set up instruments last year in a walnut grove near Davis , Calif. , to monitor plant emissions of certain volatile organic compounds ( or VOCs ) .
VOCs emitted by plants can actually combine with industrial emissions and contribute to smog .
To their surprise , the NCAR scientists found that the emissions of VOCs their instruments recorded in the atmosphere included methyl salicylate .
They noticed that the methyl salicylate emissions increased dramatically when the plants , already stressed by a local drought , experienced unseasonably cool nighttime temperatures followed by large temperature increases during the day .
Scientists think that the methyl salicylate has two functions : stimulating a process similar to the immune response in animals that helps plants resist and recover from disease , and acting as a form of chemical communication to warn neighbors of threats .
" These findings show tangible proof that plant - to - plant communication occurs on the ecosystem level , " said study team member Alex Guenther .
" It appears that plants have the ability to communicate through the atmosphere . "
The research , funded by the National Science Foundation and detailed in the Sept. 8 issue of the journal Biogeosciences , could give farmers and forest managers an early warning signal that all is not right with their plants , either because of disease , insect infestation , or other types of stress .
" The earlier you can detect that something 's going on , the more you can benefit in terms of using fewer pesticides and managing crops better , " said study leader Thomas Karl .
Methyl salicylate and other plant hormones emitted into the atmosphere could also account for some of the fraction of VOCs scientists had suspected were in the atmosphere but had escaped detection until now .
Get ready for a new season of The West Wing .
Right now we have two scripts ready and either would be a cracker .
Want a pretty vice - president stopping traffic on Pennsylvania Avenue when she visits the boss ?
Or a black president with an equally stunning wife ?
Addicts of the television series may ache to get more of Allison Janney and Richard Schiff scrambling to keep their commander - in - chief out of the political soup , but they were just actors , of course .
But life in the real West Wing can be every bit as unhinged , emotional and exhausting .
Just ask George Bush and Karl Rove .
Or Dick Cheney and Lewis " Scooter " Libby .
While speculation about how John McCain or Barack Obama would fill their cabinets is rife , less attention has been paid to the people they might keep close .
Along with the vice - president , these people will guide the new president politically – keeping him popular – and on policy .
The choices Mr Obama makes might be particularly crucial .
He would come to the Big Job with scant experience even of Washington , let alone of the executive branch .
Who is going to show him the secret tunnel that leads to the Treasury building or where cook hides the biscuits ?
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Probably , only the candidates know the names that will be on the West Wing doors if and when they are elected .
But one thing seems likely .
Many of their most trusted cohorts from the campaign trail will be along for the ride .
For sure , an Obama West Wing and a McCain West Wing would look quite different , and not just because the first would have Mr Obama 's two daughters , aged seven and 10 , running about .
And while Mr Obama is likely to demand a tidy , no - leaks operation , some might expect the circle around Mr McCain to be more fractious and accident - prone .
And maybe more press - friendly too .
Bound for the White House ?
The teams behind the presidential candidates
Barack Obama 's team
David Axelrod
He would not come to Washington a ready - made celebrity .
Axelrod , like his boss , is drama - averse and though willing to engage with the press when required , does n't seek attention for himself .
Lugubrious in his facial language , Axelrod got to know Obama when he was a community organiser in Chicago 's South Side in the 1990s .
Ax , as he is known , was later to take charge of political advertising in Obama 's 2004 run for the US Senate in Illinois .
Once a reporter with the Chicago Tribune , he has worked for assorted Illinois politicians such as Mayor Richard Daley and the late former Senator Paul Simon .
David Plouffe
Baby - faced and quietly spoken , the campaign manager has been steely in keeping Obama on message over the past two years .
" He is the most focused , talented operative I 've ever worked with , " remarked the Democratic lobbyist and Clinton supporter Steve Elmendorf .
Plouffe – pronounced Pluff – has worked for Senator Tom Harkin and was deputy chief of staff for the former House Minority Leader , Dick Gephardt .
With Axelrod , he would have to keep Obama 's approval ratings flying and prepare for the next big electoral test – the mid-term congressional elections in 2010 .
Valerie Jarrett
Jarrett is less well known to the general public but is almost family to both Barack and Michelle Obama .
Jarrett , 51 , a lawyer who also has worked with Mayor Daley as planning and development commissioner , is the one person who can say anything to the Obamas without fear of causing offence .
" She 's totally loyal to both of them , can be totally honest with both of them , " one Obama operative said .
She is , however , already a very busy person , in charge , for instance , of trying to win the 2016 Olympics for Chicago .
Robert Gibbs
Gibbs could be brought into the White House to fill the all - important job of press spokesman , a crucial role in any administration .
He began working for Obama in 2004 as communications director , a job he held on to when Obama arrived on Capitol Hill .
Just 36 , Gibbs already has plenty of experience in the harsh world of Washington politics .
He helped on the press beat in the early days of John Kerry 's 2004 presidential campaign .
Obama sometimes like to refer to him as his " one-person Southern focus group " .
John Mccain 's team
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Steve Schmidt
As other loyal aides were jettisoned , Steve Schmidt emerged early in the summer as the man in charge of day - to - day operations of the McCain campaign and has been as disciplined as his predecessors were scatter - shot .
With a shaved head , he also solidified his reputation for political ruthlessness , a trait he learnt from an old mentor , Karl Rove .
Schmidt , who was among those encouraging McCain to pick Palin as his running mate , would be relied upon to crack the whip in a McCain White House to keep the policy message straight and on point .
Randy Scheunemann
McCain abhors lobbyists and Washington insiders , but he has relied on one of them for much of his foreign policy help .
And Scheunemann would presumably expect to be taken into the McCain inner circle to perform the same duties if his man wins .
A fully paid - up member of the neo-con brigade on foreign affairs , Scheunemann 's Washington lobbying firm has overseas customers that include the government of Georgia .
He was a founder and main mover of the now defunct Project for the New American Century , a group of like - minded neo-cons in Washington DC that was at the forefront of arguing the case for invading Iraq .
Nicolle Wallace
An obvious candidate for the spokesman 's job in a McCain White House , she has done it before – briefly for George Bush when Dan Bartlett resigned last year .
Wallace was working on air as a political analyst with CBS News until May this year , when she was recruited to handle the press for McCain .
Reporters have sometimes been baffled by what have seemed to be her mixed messages .
While recently defending the McCain ticket 's emphasis on the former domestic terrorist Bill Ayers , she told Fox News that " nobody cares about Mr Ayers " .
Mark Salter
If not chief of staff then surely most trusted adviser , Salter and McCain go back a long way .
He has co-written McCain 's memoirs – starting with Faith of My Fathers .
He is more responsible than anyone for shaping his political image .
The two men are so close Salter is married to a former McCain secretary .
He writes McCain 's speeches too .
Asked what his precise role would be , he replied : " I guess I 'm ' of counsel ' . "
Those who anger or disappoint the senator are liable to be lashed in emails from Salter , known as " Saltergrams " .
This post has moved to the permanent location for Unqualified Reservations by Mencius Moldbug
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Nearly six out of ten Americans believe another economic depression is likely , according to a poll released Monday .
The CNN / Opinion Research Corp. poll , which surveyed more than 1,000 Americans over the weekend , cited common measures of the economic pain of the 1930s :
25 % unemployment rate ;
widespread bank failures ; and
millions of Americans homeless and unable to feed their families .
In response , 21 % of those polled say that a depression is very likely and another 38 % say it is somewhat likely .
The poll also found that 29 % feel a depression is not very likely , while 13 % believe it is not likely at all .
But economists , even many who feel current economic risks are dire , generally do n't believe another depression is likely .
" We 've been in a recession all year and it 's going to get worse , " said Anirvan Banerji , director of research for the Economic Cycle Research Institute .
" We 're going from a relatively mild recession to a more painful recession .
But we 're a long , long way from a depression . "
A survey taken last week by the National Association of Business Economists asked members what would happen if the $ 700 billion bailout that passed Friday fails to fix frozen credit markets .
The consensus forecast of those economists was that , even if continued problems choke off credit to businesses and consumers , unemployment would rise to just 7 % in the second quarter of next year .
Other economists recently contacted by CNNMoney.com said that the unemployment rate could rise as high as 10 % to 12 % next year if the bailout does not work .
While that could be roughly double the current 6.1 % unemployment rate , it would be only half of the worst rate seen in the Great Depression of the 1930s .
What defines a depression ?
Banerji's worst - case scenario sees unemployment topping out at just under 10 % .
That 's one of the key reasons that he thinks a true depression is unlikely .
" A depression rate would imply more than doubling or tripling the current unemployment rate , " he said .
The Great Depression also saw the gross domestic product , the broad measure of the nation 's economic activity , plunge by 13 % in 1932 .
The NABE survey forecast that GDP will drop 1.1 % in the fourth quarter of 2008 if the bailout does not get credit flowing again , and another 0.5 % in the first quarter of next year .
The economists surveyed by CNNMoney.com said they could foresee a drop of 2 % to 4 % in a worst - case scenario .
Part of the reason for the far less severe economic pain expected this time are the social safety net programs - including Social Security , unemployment insurance and insurance on bank deposits - that were not in place at the start of the Great Depression .
And experts believe that the Federal Reserve and other officials made many policy mistakes during the Depression that are not likely to be repeated .
In fact , the Fed at that time kept lending tight , while today 's Fed is pumping hundreds of billions of dollars into the banking system to try to restart lending and spur economic activity .
" The fact is that central banks around the globe will move heaven and earth to avoid having a depression , " said Banerji .
Still , other findings of the CNN poll were more in agreement with those of top economists .
The poll found 84 % of Americans polled believe that economic conditions are somewhat or very poor , with a majority , 53 % , now believing the economy is very poor .
That 's not far off from the two - thirds of NABE economists who believe the economy is now in a recession or will enter one by the end of this year .
The view of the economy is much bleaker than a comparable CNN / USA Today poll found during the last economic downturn at the start of the decade .
During the recession of 2001 , only one - third to one - half of those polled felt economic conditions were somewhat or very poor .
Unemployment continued to rise after the recession ended in late 2001 , and not surprisingly the view of the economy continued to deteriorate .
But at its worst , in a February 2003 poll , only two - thirds of those surveyed described the economy as somewhat or very poor .
Just 25 % of those surveyed at that time described the economy as very poor , or less than half the level who believe that today .
In addition , the CNN poll released Monday found that 36 % believe the current crisis in the nation 's financial sector will affect them immediately , while another 19 % expect to be affected within the next year .
Only 8 % believe they will never be affected by the crisis .
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke have frequently warned in recent weeks that the credit crisis would be felt on Main Street , not just on Wall Street .
And Banerji said that the increasingly grim view of the economy will by itself lead to cutbacks in spending by both consumers and businesses .
That in turn will result in greater job losses and more economic pain .
" The fact that the majority of people believe we are going into a depression ensures that the recession will get worse , " Banerji said .
The Russian war aim in Georgia , inasmuch as it may be discerned after a bare 48 hours of full combat , appears to be what I said it likely is : “ the Russians [ will ] fully occupy South Ossetia , along with the other secessionist region of Georgia , Abkhazia ; declare them both independent or somehow annexed ; and thoroughly punish the Georgians with a countrywide air campaign targeting what meager infrastructure there is . ”
As if to swiftly confirm the hypothesis , we see today that the Abkhazians have joined the war , thus opening a second front against the Georgians .
Quite nearly everything that can go wrong for the Caucasian republic has : Georgian forces have been fully ejected from South Ossetia ; Russian troops are landing on the Abkhaz coast ( it ’s unclear whether at Sukhumi or Ochamchira ) ; Russian air power is hitting strategic targets throughout Georgia ; and at this writing — just after dawn in the Caucasus — a general Russian offensive may be underway .
Mikheil Saakashvili ’s government may have declared war and sued for peace in the space of a day , but events are in motion that render its wishes , contradictory as they are , wholly irrelevant .
Georgia ’s American - trained armed forces may make it a fight , but there are only two things that will save the little republic now : it ’s enemies ’ forbearance , or America ( and by extention , NATO ) itself .
It ’s the latter that Saakashvili and the Georgians are appealing to now : the latter march in the Tbilisi streets to demand Western intervention ; and the Georgian president somewhat histrionically declares , “ If the whole world does not stop Russia today , then Russian tanks will be able to reach any other European capital . ”
Herein lies the tragedy of this war , not just for Georgia , but for the United States and the West in general .
Help for Georgia is not on the way , and it will not be .
The NATO countries are bound to inaction by their existing commitments and the logic of their own actions — in Serbia .
The Russian assault upon Georgia is justified — inasmuch as it is justifiable — on the same grounds as the 1999 NATO assault upon Serbia .
A national minority desired secession , pursued that end with violent means , and called in a foreign protector when its struggle went bad .
That foreign protector had its own agenda , of course : naivete , ignorance and self - regard fueled the Western intervention in Kosovo ; and Machiavellian revisionism fuels the Russian intervention in Georgia .
It must be remembered that the former led directly to the latter .
In this space several months back , I warned that Kosovar independence would provide “ a pretext for Russian action against American allies , ” specifically in the Caucasus .
And so it did , with Vladimir Putin retaliating for Kosovar independence by setting in motion the events that led to the present war .
The Clinton Administration architects of the original Kosovo policy in 1999 , and the Bush Administration architects who acquiesced to its logical end in 2008 , bear a heavy responsibility for the blood shed in Georgia now .
Still , the ultimate responsibility is Russia ’s , which is now a plainly and violently revisionist power .
No amount of Western naivete , ignorance and self - regard , nor Georgian blundering , could create this war without Russia ’s will to strife .
That will springs from multiple causes , some rooted in the nature of autocracy , and some rooted in the nature of the Russian national character ; and it is directed toward the overturning of what is , for Russia , the central strategic outcome of the Cold War ’s end .
The late Alexander Solzhenitsyn , quoted in Wayne Allensworth ’s The Russian Question , expresses the Russian sense of that outcome clearly :
The trouble is not that the USSR broke up — that was inevitable .
The real trouble , and a tangle for a long time to come , is that the breakup occurred mechanically along false Leninist borders , usurping from us entire Russian provinces .
In several days , we lost 25 million ethnic Russians — 18 percent of our entire nation — and the government could not scrape up the courage even to take note of this dreadful event , a colossal historic defeat for Russia , and to declare its political disagreement with it .
Here , then , the source of the popular resonance of Moscow ’s claims that it attacks Georgia to protect its own , with the concurrent surge of Cossack and faux - Cossack volunteers into Ossetia .
As Russian revisionism ’s armed expression slowly crushes Georgia , the states with the most historical reason to fear Russia look on with mounting alarm .
This extraordinary communique from the Presidents of Poland , Latvia , Lithuania and Estonia , prompted by the Georgian war , denounces Russia ’s “ imperialist and revisionist policy in the East of Europe ” with startlingly undiplomatic language .
These nations are members of NATO and the European Union , and they look to their putative allies now to provide them with the protection and assurance that they expect .
Thus we see the war in the Caucasus evolve into a litmus test for the basic institutions of the West itself .
If those institutions fail , especially in the eyes of its most vulnerable members , then the suffering in Georgia will , in the long run , be mere prelude .
feminism n ( 1895 ) 1 : the theory of the political , economic , and social equality of the sexes 2 : organized activity on behalf of women ’s rights and interests — feminist n or adj — feministic adj
Above , the dictionary definition of feminism — the entire dictionary definition of feminism .
It is quite straightforward and concise .
If you believe in , support , look fondly on , hope for , and / or work towards equality of the sexes , you are a feminist .
Yes , you are .
The definition of feminism does not ask for two forms of photo ID .
It does not care what you look like .
It does not care what color skin you have , or whether that skin is clear , or how much you weigh , or what you do with your hair .
You can bite your nails , or you can get them done once a week .
You can spend two hours on your makeup , or five minutes , or the time it takes to find a Chapstick without any lint sticking to it .
You can rock a cord mini , or khakis , or a sari , and you can layer all three .
The definition of feminism does not include a mandatory leg - hair check ; wax on , wax off , whatever you want .
If you believe in , support , look fondly on , hope for , and / or work towards equality of the sexes , you are a feminist .
Yes , you are .
The definition of feminism does not mention a membership fee or a graduated tax or “ … unless you got your phone turned off by mistake . ”
Rockefellers , the homeless , bad credit , no credit , no problem .
If you believe in , support , look fondly on , hope for , and / or work towards equality of the sexes , you are a feminist .
Yes , you are .
The definition of feminism does not require a diploma or other proof of graduation .
It is not reserved for those who teach women ’s studies classes , or to those who majored in women ’s studies , or to those who graduated from college , or to those who graduated from high school , or to those who graduated from Brownie to Girl Scout .
It does n’t care if you went to Princeton or the school of hard knocks .
You can have a PhD , or a GED , or a degree in mixology , or a library card , or all of the above , or none of the above .
You do n’t have to write a twenty - page paper on Valerie Solanas ’s use of satire in The S.C.U.M.
Manifesto , and if you do write it , you do n’t have to get better than a C - plus on it .
You can really believe math is hard , or you can teach math .
You do n’t have to take a test to get in .
You do n’t have to speak English .
If you believe in , support , look fondly on , hope for , and / or work towards equality of the sexes , you are a feminist .
Yes , you are .
The definition of feminism is not an insurance policy ; it does n’t exclude anyone based on age .
It does n’t have a “ you must be this tall to ride the ride ” sign on it anywhere .
It does n’t specify how you get from place to place , so whether you use or a walker or a stroller or a skateboard or a carpool , if you believe in , support , look fondly on , hope for , and / or work towards equality of the sexes , you are a feminist .
Yes , you are .
The definition of feminism does not tell you how to vote or what to think .
You can vote Republican or Libertarian or Socialist or “ I like that guy ’s hair . ”
You can bag voting entirely .
You can believe whatever you like about child - care subsidies , drafting women , fiscal accountability , Anita Hill , environmental law , property taxes , Ann Coulter , interventionist politics , soft money , gay marriage , tort reform , decriminalization of marijuana , gun control , affirmative action , and why that pothole at the end of the street still is n’t fixed .
You can exist wherever on the choice continuum you feel comfortable .
You can feel ambivalent about Hillary Clinton .
You can like the ERA in theory , but dread getting drafted in practice .
The definition does not stipulate any of that .
The definition does not stipulate anything at all , except itself .
If you believe in , support , look fondly on , hope for , and / or work towards equality of the sexes , you are a feminist .
Yes , you are .
The definition of feminism does not judge your lifestyle .
You like girls , you like boys , does n’t matter .
You eat meat , you do n’t eat meat , you do n’t eat meat or dairy , you do n’t eat fast food , does n’t matter .
You can get married , and you can change your name or keep the one your parents gave you , does n’t matter .
You can have kids , you can stay home with them or not , you can hate kids , does n’t matter .
You can stay a virgin or you can boink everyone in sight , does n’t matter .
It ’s not in the definition .
If you believe in , support , look fondly on , hope for , and / or work towards equality of the sexes , you are a feminist .
Yes , you are .
Yes .
You are .
You are a feminist .
If you believe in , support , look fondly on , hope for , and / or work towards equality of the sexes , you are a feminist .
Period .
It ’s more complicated than that — of course it is .
And yet …it ’s exactly that simple .
It has nothing to do with your sexual preference or your sense of humor or your fashion sense or your charitable donations , or what pronouns you use in official correspondence , or whether you think Andrea Dworkin is full of crap , or how often you read Bust or Ms. — or , actually , whether you ’ve got a vagina .
In the end , it ’s not about that .
It is about political , economic , and social equality of the sexes , and it is about claiming that definition on its own terms , instead of qualifying it because you do n’t want anyone to think that you do n’t shave your pits .
It is about saying that you are a feminist and just letting the statement sit there , instead of feeling a compulsion to modify it immediately with “ but not , you know , that kind of feminist ” because you do n’t want to come off all Angry Girl .
It is about understanding that liking Oprah and Chanel does n’t make you a “ bad ” feminist — that only “ liking ” the wage gap makes you a “ bad ” feminist , because “ bad ” does not enter into the definition of feminism .
It is about knowing that , if folks ca n’t grab a dictionary and see for themselves that the entry for “ feminism ” does n’t say anything about hating men or chick flicks or any of that crap , it ’s their problem .
It is about knowing that a woman is the equal of a man in art , at work , and under the law , whether you say it out loud or not — but for God ’s sake start saying it out loud already .
You are a feminist .
I am a feminist too .
Look it up .
September 30 , 2003
Tags : feminism
DES PLAINES , IL – McDonald ’s Corp. held a press conference today to unveil its latest sandwich : the Big Freddie Mac .
Priced at 50 cents , the Big Freddie Mac is the first fast food hamburger to be subsidized by the federal government .
“ The economy – not that there ’s anything wrong with it – is causing Americans to cut back on eating hamburgers , ” explained McDonald ’s spokesperson Donald McDonald ( no relation ) .
“ Washington has decided that the burger is too big to fail , so the Treasury Department has agreed to kick in three bucks for every Big Freddie Mac sold . ”
The Big Freddie Mac , while similar in appearance , is significantly different from the McDonald ’s mainstay – the Big Mac .
Big Freddie ’s bun is inflated to look twice as large as it actually is , while the two all - beef patties are actually one all - beef patty sliced in half width - wise and pumped up by puffy lettuce .
The “ special ” sauce is French dressing which is this week ’s “ special ” at the dollar store next to McDonald ’s headquarters .
The number of sesame seeds has been reduced to one with a promise of more in two years if the burger market bubble continues .
Each Big Freddie Mac comes in a special wrapper printed with suggestions on how to “ flip the burger ” for profit by selling it to people who are new to fast foods or kids who have n’t learned to read yet .
“ The Big Freddie Mac program does not mean we will be bailing out other fast food menu items , ” said Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke .
“ As they say in the business , it ’s for a ‘ limited time only ’ . ”
However , he did not rule out a similar plan to help Starbucks , which has recently been forced to close 600 stores .
Rumors out of Starbucks headquarters in Seattle hint that the company is about to roll out a government - subsidized coffee called the Frappe Mae .
The family that says the Coogee Bay Hotel served them gelato containing human faeces will today demand to see the hotel 's CCTV footage in a bid to identify the culprit , the family 's lawyer says .
The lawyer , Steven Lewis from Slater & Gordon , also rubbished newspaper reports the family had links to a rival pub as a " Kevin Bacon ... six degrees of separation [ defence ] " - a reference to the pop-culture belief that any actor in history can be linked via their film roles to US actor Kevin Bacon .
The Whyte family Credit : Steve Lunam
" My question is : ' Did Kevin Bacon put the faeces in the ice - cream ? ' " Mr Lewis said .
Stephen and Jessica
Whyte , who were at the hotel to watch the NRL grand final , say they knew instantly that a complimentary bowl of ice - cream served to them after they had repeatedly complained to management was more than just gelato .
Leading Indian conservationist Valmik Thapa says that poaching has left fewer than 1,500 tigers in the wild
Support The Guardian
The Guardian is editorially independent .
And we want to keep our journalism open and accessible to all .
But we increasingly need our readers to fund our work .
A company has created a drink that claims to have the same effect as smoking cigarettes .
The fruit - flavored drink , called “ Liquid Smoking ” , promises an instant high followed by a ' euphoric calming feeling ' .
This product is targeted towards those suffering from the smoking ban .
United Drinks and Beauty Corporation , inventors of this drink , hope that it will go on sale just in time for Christmas .
They say that the drink does n’t contain nicotine , but instead has a mix of roots from South African plants .
The company hopes Liquid Smoking to be as popular as Red Bull in bars and used as a mixer in drinks .
Martin Hartman , chief executive of the company , said there was no research proving the drink was harmful in any way .
He said the company is waiting for clearance from health authorities in Holland to be able to sell the product there .
“ The product we have developed has got similar properties to nicotine , so we are trying to help people out who are affected by the ban on nicotine .
People might use this instead of a cigarette or tobacco to help the cravings .
It is a relaxing drink , it gives a similar affect to smoking - initially you get a little boost which makes you more alert , then a euphoric , calming feeling .
It will take the edge off of a need for nicotine for between one to four hours .
I think it will help people who feel the need for nicotine in bars , restaurants , long - haul flights and on the train . ”
Anti-smoking groups are not happy , though , as they think many of these types of products only go by what the manufacturer chooses to tell people is in them .
They are also wary of the packaging design on the can , which is designed to look like a pack of cigarettes and state that it could encourage more smoking .
Would you buy something like this if it was offered in a convenience store or bar ?
My guess is that most people will get up and walk outside to the patio rather than paying for a can that might make you feel like you are smoking a cigarette .
Source : dailymail
We 're telling you right now , this is not for those with weak stomachs or a generally positive view of humanity .
Because sometimes when there 's a paycheck on the line , people will do things that would make Eli Roth puke .
Some people will do anything for money .
And we mean freaking anything .
6 Belle Gunness Torches Her Way to Riches
The key to life is to turn your failures into successes .
Just ask Bell Gunness , who managed to succeed despite a series of devastating fires .
Granted , she started the fires , but we like to think the point still stands .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Belle Gunness emigrated from Norway to the USA in 1881 .
She quickly married and set up a candy store that failed to make any money .
One year later it burned to the ground but , fortunately , it was insured .
She used the money to buy a house in Austin .
In 1898 , it burned to the ground .
Thankfully , it also was insured .
In 1900 , her husband , Max Sorenson , burned to the grou- oh , no , he died .
He had , though , just taken out two insurance policies .
Belle used the money to buy a farm in La Porte , Indiana .
Soon after moving in , the boat and carriage house burned to the ground .
You see a pattern emerging here ?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
In 1902 , Belle 's second husband , Peter Gunness died ( when a large sausage grinding machine " accidentally " fell on him ) .
Belle , who had the world 's most trusting insurance company , got paid on her claim for $ 3,000 .
Needing a good man to accompany her through all of life 's troubles and mysterious fires , Belle sent advertisements to Norwegian language papers asking for a mate .
Over the next two years a number of suitors turned up at Belle 's farm , took out life insurance policies , and promptly disappeared .
Finally on April 28 , 1908 , in the aftermath of yet another fire at the Gunness farm , police found four bodies in the basement ; one adult and three children .
The adult was thought to be Belle , but was hard to identify because the head was missing .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Authorities , finding this whole scene slightly suspicious , began digging up Belle 's back yard .
They found the remains of 12 bodies and numerous body parts .
They never found Belle 's head , despite the best efforts of her insurance company 's agents who probably just wanted to give it a check .
How Much Did She Make ?
It is estimated Belle made $ 30,000 from the various husbands who got sucked in by the newspaper ad , and maybe as much as $ 250,000 overall .
It sounds impressive , but considering the sheer number of bodies she left in her path , we think it works out to like , six dollars per victim .
Obama Redistribution of Wealth Audio
explicitly calls for the " redistribution of wealth " in a 2001 interview on Chicago public radio station WBEZ FM .
In the audio , which can be heard below , Obama is straightforward in his view that redistribution of wealth is a civil right which the civil rights movement failed to obtain .
Obama laments in the interview that the Warren Supreme Court failed to reinterpret the Constitution to read into it what was not there : Redistribution of wealth for " political and economic justice in this society . "
Barack Obama continues , and notes that one of the " great tragedies of the civil rights movement " was that it was court - centric and got away from " political and community organizing and activities on the ground that are able to put together the actual coalitions of power through which you bring about redistributive change . "
Left - wing liberals can try to spin this however they want , however , Obama 's sentiments are clear
I received an email today with quotes that sum up my thoughts on the subject .
The quotes were published in 1942 by William J. H. Boetcker , a Presbyterian minister .
1 . You cannot bring about prosperity by discouraging thrift .
2 . You cannot strengthen the weak by weakening the strong
3 . You cannot help the poor man by destroying the rich .
4 . You cannot further the brotherhood of man by inciting class hatred .
5 . You cannot build character and courage by taking away man 's initiative and independence .
6 . You cannot help small men by tearing down big men .
7 . You can not lift the wage earner by pulling down the wage payer .
8 . You cannot keep out of trouble by spending more than your income .
9 . You cannot establish security on borrowed money .
10 .
You cannot help men permanently by doing for them what they will not do for themselves .
Listen to the Obama Redistribution of Wealth audio below .
The basic tenets of socialism are : 1 . Seduce the populace into accepting the government as the arbitrator of all problems ; government from cradle - to - grave 2 .
Begin delivering on those services to make the citizens dependent 3 . Take away the citizens ' guns 4 .
Increase taxes on all services while destroying any free market alternative services 5 .
Blame the chosen scapegoat for the inability to meet demand for services 6 .
Have the centralized national police force round up any dissidents
The reason for this is inherent to socialism .
It promises things that it cannot possibly deliver .
When socialist politicians in power come to the realization that it is impossible to deliver on their promises and political unrest develops , they have two options if they plan to stay in power .
First , they must locate a scapegoat on whom they can blame their inability to deliver .
Any Jew can tell you who that was for the Germans and the Russians .
The second is to develop , and rapidly so , a state security apparatus to keep them in office - the SS , the KGB , [ Securitate , Stasi ] etc .
It therefore behooves us to remember who the worst despotic governments of this century were : Nazis in Germany , Fascists in Italy , Communists in the USSR , [ Romania , East Germany , Bulgaria , Hungary , Yugoslavia , Czechoslovakia , Poland , Cuba , North Korea , Cambodia , Vietnam , etc. ] and China - each and every one of them a paragon of socialist endeavor .
Their leaders ; Hitler , Mussolini , Stalin [ Ceausescu , Tito , Pol Pot , etc. ] and Mao Tse Tung .
The outstanding legacy of these individuals is that they each tried to out - do the others in the total number of their own citizens which they murdered .
It is a fact that each of these men killed more of their own civilian citizens than they lost in military conflict .
In the 20th century there have been numerous political systems , but in the latter half of the century there were only two survivors , Socialism and Capitalism .
So we have at this time in the Western world , which for all practical purposes controls the world , two opposing political systems .
( I have already previously stated that there is no basic difference between socialists and communists .
There are , however , some very important factors relating to socialism of which you should be aware .
Socialism will not work in a free market economy and , as a consequence it invariably deteriorates into a totalitarian state .
Anyone wishing to argue that point is asked to point to one single instance where this was not the result ) .
The current most outrageous examples of this are North Korea and Cuba .
These two societies share much in common - both are socialist , both are totalitarian , both have more political prisoners then any nation close to their size , both have non-working universal health care , in both the citizens suffer malnutrition , and both have food and fuel rationing .
Their leaders and party members , in the meantime , eat caviar and drink champagne .
Once citizens are weaned on this cradle - to - grave concept and are no longer self - reliant , they become wards of the state and will not accept any reduction of services .
The government subsequently has no option but to reduce services , and as popular resistance develops State repression begins .
This is the socialist cycle .
It has been found to occur in every socialist state in existence to date .
I ’m always amazed how long people spend trying to figure out software by fumbling around with it , rather than reading the manual .
Now , I know what you ’re thinking .
You ’re thinking “ Golly Martin , reading manuals is all swell and good , but I ’ve got to write code and fix bugs .
If I spend an hour or two reading those manuals , well jeepers , by the end of it I wo n’t have written a single line of code , or fixed a single bug .
Not one line !
I do n’t have time to read them , I need to get things done ! ”
So here ’s the thing : you should only spend two hours on something boring ( like reading manuals ) if it will save you more than two hours over the course of your life .
And usually , you spend a lot more in the trial - and - error — commonly called floundering — than the two hours it would take to read the manual .
Not the whole manual of course , and I do n’t mean to memorize the parts you do read .
But for three different people in three different jobs , I ’ve had to point them to the first two chapters of the Subversion manual , titled “ Fundamental Concepts ” and “ Basic Usage . ”
Despite the fact that they have “ fundamental ” and “ basic ” in their names , people seem to think it ’s ok to not know this stuff .
Until they get some <<<<<<<<<< in their source code , and they do n't know where it comes from , and subversion wo n't let them check in their code .
And then they spend a couple hours trying various things to figure it out , and nothing works , and they have to read the manual anyway .
I 've also seen someone spend hours trying to lay out an image in Word to conform to a conference 's layout guidelines , and several people trying to get resizing working in Swing without understanding Swing ’s layout managers .
Note : I was one of those people .
So , if you think you can learn a tool ’s mindset — the kind of hammer it is and therefore what sort of nails it thinks everything is — by trying things without understanding , you should .
But typing random svn commands , or calling random layout - related functions when building a UI , or is like playing Battleship or Mastermind : you only get a few bits of information on each attempt , and the information you get is more like clues in a puzzle than a clear explanation of what you need to know .
Please pay attention to the time you spend in trial and error .
Because if it ’s more than the time it takes to read the manual , you ’re actually getting less done than you could .
And it ’s easy to notice this time : it ’s generally frustrating , unproductive , quality - of - life sucking time .
If you find you ’re working that way , please do n’t feel bad .
Most people do it .
I ’m not sure where it comes from .
Bad , “ results oriented ” managers ?
Most people learn it before the first job .
Bad managers depicted in movies and TV ?
Parents ?
Teachers ?
I do n’t know .
But if you really want to spend the most time on the fun part of your craft — creating stuff , not debugging it or pounding your head against the wall — then you need to invest in yourself .
It ’s in your best interest .
And it ’s in the best interest of your company .
This is an editorial in Wednesday ’s paper , talking about Thursday ’s vice presidential debate :
ONE QUESTION that Sarah Palin should answer during tomorrow ’s debate is why , during her tenure as mayor of Wasilla , the town started charging rape victims or their insurers for hospital emergency - room rape kits and examinations ….
But Palin has never explained why , under her leadership , the town stopped picking up the cost of the swabs , specimen containers , and tests .
A spokeswoman for Palin wrote to USA Today that Palin “ does not believe , nor has she ever believed , that rape victims should have to pay for an evidence - gathering test . ”
But that was the practice in Wasilla while she was mayor … .
But the policy on rape kits may have had less to do with easing the burden on taxpayers and more to do with Palin ’s position on abortion .
She has said she opposes it even in cases of rape or incest .
Generally , victims of sexual assault have the option of an emergency contraception pill , which some opponents of abortion consider tantamount to abortion itself .
Does Palin support the decision two years ago of the US Food and Drug Administration to allow over - the - counter sales of emergency contraception pills ?
Whether the fee - for - kits policy reflected Palin ’s budgetary zeal or her extreme view on abortion , voters deserve to know .
As Alaska ’s governor in 2000 , Tony Knowles , put it : “ We would never bill the victim of a burglary for finger - printing and photographing the crime scene , or for the cost of gathering other evidence . ”
But in Wasilla they would , if the crime was rape .
15000 abitanti , 4000 disoccupati , 11000 extracomunitari , solo 2000 regolari .
Questi i numeri di Castelvolturno .
Dove i nuovi boss casalesi stanno cercando di riconquistare il territorio , facendo capire chi comanda ai pochi non allineati .
Il litorale domitio non è altro che una lunga strada che dal Lago Patria porta fino alla foce del Garigliano .
E’ la zona di “ villeggiatura ” del casertano .
Villaggio Coppola , Castelvolturno , Mondragone fino a Baia Domitia .
Gli italiani del posto li chiamano nigeriani , generalizzando la loro provenienza dall ’Africa profonda , ma vengono anche dal Ghana , dal Togo , dalla Liberia .
“ Siamo ghanesi non nigeriani , scrivilo ” , ci tengono a precisare , ma quando si cerca manovalanza per prostituzione , spaccio , edilizia , non c’è distinzione .
I NUOVI LATITANTI – Un territorio di pochi chilometri quadrati sotto il rigido controllo dei clan camorristici di Villa Literno e Casal di Principe .
Quei clan che lo Stato pensava di aver sconfitto con gli arresti eccellenti dei capi , due fra tutti , Francesco Bidognetti e Francesco Schiavone .
Nemmeno troppi mesi fa i soliti annunci del Ministero dell ’Interno .
Una centrale operativa investigativa a Casal di Principe , nel cuore del problema .
Nientedimeno .
La risposta non si è fatta attendere .
18 esecuzioni plateali , agguati , intimidazioni , 5 attentati a colpi di kalashnikov nell ’ ultima settimana ad esercizi commerciali , compreso il Millennium di Ischitella .
L’obiettivo è riconquistare il territorio degli ex-boss .
Una generazione di latitanti nuova di zecca assoldati dagli imprendibili Michele Zagara e Antonio Iovine .
Giuseppe Setola , Alessandro Cirillo , Giuseppe Letizia , Oreste Spagnuolo , Emilo Di Caterino , Pasquale Vargas .
Nascosti in quei pochi chilometri di degrado , eppure introvabili in quella selva di abusivismo edilizio , strade senza nome , villette abbandonate .
VOGLIONO IL 50 % – Una nuova faida stragista colpisce chi non paga il racket o chi non paga la tangente sul traffico di droga .
E’ questo quello che hanno pensato gli extracomunitari morti in quella che è già stata ribattezzata la strage di San Gennaro .
Di essersi liberati di un clan , di poter gestire da soli .
Ma i nuovi boss casalesi hanno subito fatto intendere chi comanda adesso .
Fino a ieri prendevano il 20 % .
Oggi per chi non si allinea è terra bruciata .
Eppure non sono tutti spacciatori , gli immigrati di Castelvolturno .
C’è pure chi lavora da anni in Italia .
Fanno i muratori e nessuna voglia di parlare con i “ bianchi ” .
Hanno paura .
Paura della camorra e dello Stato .
“ Se vai alla Polizia per denunciare sei finito .
Non ti credono .
Cercano la droga e dicono che siamo tutti spacciatori , così anche quelli che lavorano onestamente sono costretti a subire le violenze ” .
LE INCHIESTE PARALLELE DELLA MAGISTRATURA –
In tutto questo si intreccia un altro filone di indagini da parte degli inquirenti .
Tutto quello che fa capo al pentito Gaetano Vassallo che sta rivelando i nomi dei politici che sarebbero , in un certo modo , i fiduciari del clan Bidognetti .
Perché è chiaro che se si vuole sconfiggere veramente la criminalità organizzata bisogna far cadere il velo sui nomi di chi , all ’interno delle amministrazioni e della politica “ protegge ” i camorristi .
Badate bene , non la Camorra che è nome astratto per indicate tutto e niente .
Servono nomi e cognomi .
In due parole , se il clan Bidognetti sponsorizzava la ditta del coordinatore del Pdl campano , Casaro , vorremmo almeno sapere il perché .
I nomi dei camorristi li conosciamo e ve li abbiamo fatti .
Se non andiamo oltre , avremo fatto un’altra Gomorra .
It has been another rocky day of trading for world markets .
Stocks have fallen sharply after co-ordinated interest rate cuts by major central banks failed to dispel the gloom engulfing world markets .
On Wall Street , the Dow Jones ended 189.01 points lower , or 2 % , at 9,258.1 despite having risen in earlier trade .
European stock markets ended deep in negative territory , with London 's FTSE 100 down 5.18 % , France 's Cac 40 6.3 % lower and Germany 's Dax losing 5.9 % .
Investors were unconvinced that the move would solve the financial crisis .
The Bank of England , the European Central Bank ( ECB ) and the US Federal Reserve have all reduced their key rates by half a percentage point .
DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE : 8 October 2008 * All Times GMT
The Bank of England cut UK rates from 5 % to 4.5 % , the Federal Reserve reduced US rates from 2 % to 1.5 % , and the ECB cut eurozone rates from 4.25 % to 3.75 % .
" We are not out of the woods yet , " said Joshua Raymond , market strategist City Index .
" We will have to see whether this has any long lasting effect on confidence . "
We have not yet turned the corner in this financial crisis
Capital Economics
Financial crisis at - a- glance : 8 Oct South Asian shares fall Huge sell - off on Arab exchanges Money gloom :
Your stories
Other key developments on another day of market turbulence have included :
The UK government has announced a package of measures aimed at rescuing the banking system that makes available £ 400 bn ( $ 692bn ) of fresh money .
US Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said that more financial firms were expected to fail in the US despite a $ 700 bn government bail - out programme .
The British government said all UK savers with accounts in the closed Icelandic internet bank Icesave would get all their money back .
Italy also unveiled details of a banking rescue plans that will involve the government taking stakes in failing banks .
ING Direct announced it was acquiring more than £ 3bn of deposits held by British savers with Icelandic - owned banks Kaupthing Edge and Heritable Bank
Austria and Hungary became the latest countries to fully guarantee savers ' deposits ' Thumbs down '
The other central banks that took part in the co-ordinated rate cut were those in Canada , Sweden , and Switzerland .
China also reduced its interest rates , the second time it has cut its key rate in less than a month .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" The co-ordinated interest rate cuts got the ' thumbs down ' from equity markets , suggesting we have not yet turned the corner in this financial crisis , " said analysts at Capital Economics .
Earlier in Asia , Japan 's Nikkei had closed down 9.4 % at 9,203 , its lowest finish since June 2003 .
Hong Kong 's Hang Seng index closed 6.2 % lower .
India 's main index fell 8 % at one point but eventually closed down 4.3 % .
Markets in Australia , China and Taiwan were among other fallers .
Russia 's Micex exchange has suspended trading until Friday , after the index dropped more than 14 % in the first half - hour of trading .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
A Sydney telco employee has learned the hard way the perils of sharing too much information on Facebook after he was caught by his boss faking a sickie after a big night out .
In an email exchange doing the rounds of office blocks , Kyle Doyle was asked by his employer , AAPT , to provide a medical certificate verifying a day of sick leave in August .
Doyle , a call centre worker , protested , saying his contract stipulated he did not require a medical certificate for taking only one day off .
Click to viewSynecdoche , New York , the latest film from Charlie " Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind " Kaufman , creates its own brand of magical realism crossed with science fiction .
The tale of a theater director with a grotesque disease directing a play that never ends , Synecdoche , New York is a meditation on relationships — and time travel .
Kaufman has played with our sense of reality in his movies before , letting us climb into a celebrity 's brain with Being John Malkovich for example .
But Synecdoche is a place where a house can be casually on fire for thirty years without that seeming out of the ordinary .
Petals can fall from tattooed flowers .
Fast - forwarding through time soon comes to feel like the norm instead of something strange .
This is truly scifi as art — or maybe art as scifi .
But is that good ?
Spoilers ahead .
No one working in film today has perfected the art of the trippy , mind - bending script quite like screenwriter Kaufman .
As a screenwriter , he proved that it was possible for a writer to truly make a movie his own , and to achieve a level of notoriety for writing rare in Hollywood .
But it is almost impossible to review Synecdoche , New York , the latest effort from Kaufman 's fevered brain , since the movie does n't abide by any movie rules I know .
This time Kaufman the writer also stepped into the role of director , and the result , while defying every convention you 've ever heard of , ultimately runs on in sore need of an editor .
But even this could be an intentional effect — because everything is speculative in the strange , half - scifi world of Synecdoche .
The story starts out mundanely enough , introducing us to Phillip Seymour Hoffman 's Caden Cotard ( Kaufman loves his quirky names ) and his strained family life .
Caden is a theater director in a small , upstate New York town , about to launch a new production of Death of a Salesman .
He 's married to a free - spirited , frustrated artist , Adele Lack ( Catherine Keener ) , and they have a precocious young daughter , Olive .
It soon becomes clear that Caden is suffering from a life - threatening , mysterious illness , with doctors urging that he see a neurologist .
The affliction is manifested as a sort of light - hearted grotesque — emphasis on toilet humor , bulging pustules and uncontrollable body gyrations abound .
With his marriage to Adele barely functional and his future uncertain , Caden flirts forlornly with buxom box - office girl Hazel ( Samantha Morton , with a lot more hair than she had in Minority Report ) .
Advertisement
This seems to set the stage for a story about relationships and life crises , all done up in what Kaufman is really best at : the art of making awkward dialogue poignant , scripts saturated in quibbling exchanges made brilliant in their accuracy .
But everything goes haywire after Adele elects to take Olive to Berlin — that 's when Caden 's reality , and the audience 's , begins to come undone .
Before long , the movie , which had already shown hints of its surrealism under the surface , jumps any recognizable genre .
We all start experiencing time dilation and strange skips ; the world seems to progress around Caden without his knowledge , and he 's our anchor in it .
Caden , still sick , but still not dead , is finally spurred to action when he receives a MacArthur genius grant , and decides to mount an epic production that will be " big , and true , and tough . "
This comes to be in a massive warehouse in the heart of New York City , featuring a cast of thousands , though they have no script yet .
That 's when things get really weird .
There are many elements to Synecdoche that are flawlessly executed : its character portrayals and their dialogue ; the imaginative and evocative sets and painstakingly chosen backdrops .
There are dingy hospital corridors like something from a horror film , and scaled - down replicas of New York City within more replicas .
The clothes always fit the characters just so , and the faces are intimately framed .
No one can fault Kaufman 's fine attention to detail or how fully he 's realized an imagined , alternate world .
You can see that it must have all gorgeously made sense in his head .
While the film breaks new ground in terms of narrative free - fall and unabashed oddity , it must be argued that everything is taken a bit too far .
Kaufman 's ideas and themes are unerringly interesting , and the movie wants to be making important , existential statements , but there are too many of them .
Running at just over 2 hours , Synecdoche suffers from its length and too many curveballs .
We 're along for the twisting ride , and mostly game .
But after so much relentless weirdness , it 's hard not to want your feet back on solid ground .
Advertisement
I wanted to love this movie the way I 've loved Kaufman 's other creations , especially Eternal Sunshine .
But Synecdoche could have been trimmed to a far more palatable shape that would have better showcased its bizarre sensibility and made its biggest themes bolder .
It 's to Kaufman 's credit as a storyteller that we are invested in these strange , often unlovable people at all .
" Speculative " may be the best way to describe what 's going on , sometimes tipping into even more apparent realms of science fiction .
There 's certainly many ideas that flirt with it , like Caden trying to train his ailing body with bio - feedback and the threatening zeppelins that patrol the night sky in his future .
The normal rules that govern time and space are askew , and people constantly encounter the extraordinary alongside on the regular .
While Caden 's staged drama progresses , spanning years and acquiring a life of its own , the " real " New York world seems to be experiencing an increasingly violent , encroaching , unexplained war .
Kaufman has his characters stroll through shooting and screaming and dying unremarked upon , still caught up in their domestic affairs .
Synecdoche sports a cast of exceptional actors , many of whom must age decades in the movie 's elastic timeline .
Phillip Seymour Hoffman is in almost every scene , and inhabits Caden with a sullen emptiness so exact it 's hard to imagine anyone else in the role .
British actresses Samantha Morton and Emily Watson play doppelgangers of the same part to great effect .
Their Hazel has all the trappings of a Kaufmanesque heroine , down to the red hair , colorful clothes and ever - present quirkiness .
Hope Davis has a small part as an eccentric therapist , and Dianne Wiest another as an actress turned director .
Michelle Williams is so good as an ingenue who catches Caden 's eye that I am forced to retract Dawson 's Creek jokes forever .
But having all the trappings of a brilliant film does not mean that they come together to form one .
The various threads and subplots threaten to collapse under their own weight as fiction becomes meta fiction becomes meta fiction becomes meta fiction .
By the time Caden is directing a full - scale replica of his own life , shadowed by actors who grow to know their roles better than the originals , the search for a cohesive narrative or the emotional payback we usually expect from a film is off .
We are kept in our seats by the desire to see what could possibly happen next , growing cautious as Kaufman shows no qualms about killing off important characters .
Death is , in fact , the main theme underlying Synecdoche , always looming larger than the challenges of life .
Love is desired and endlessly pursued , but portrayed as ultimately fleeting and tragic .
" Everyone , " the characters say more than once to each other , " is disappointing . "
While the newspaper ads crow about this all being hilarious , I have to say that this was one of the most relentlessly depressing movies I 've ever seen .
You will laugh many times , but it will mostly be awkward .
By the time Kaufman calls in a modern deus ex machina , I was ready for this long strange trip through psychological and English and drama theory to end .
But Synecdoche will have as many ardent fans as it will befuddled viewers calling bullshit .
It 's easy to see that Kaufman is trying to make deep investigations into the human psyche : the themes of life , death , war , family and romantic love are writ large and sometimes literally preached at us or given a special monologue .
But the movie is impaired by how much of a free reign its writer - director has been given — his hands are in too many pots .
Its run time could be nearly halved and still maintain the parts that are the most affective and revelatory .
See Synecdoche , New York if you love Charlie Kaufman 's uncommon worlds , if you have a fond taste for the bizarre , and the willingness to give up all narrative bearings .
See it especially if you enjoy endlessly ruminating on the nature of existence .
Just do n't see it with your friends who have short attention spans , or anyone not keen on all that 's meta and much too self - aware .
It ’s bad enough that the employees of ACORN have had to endure days of baseless and outlandish attacks by John McCain and the RNC .
But after McCain outrageously claimed before a national audience on Wednesday night that ACORN was “ maybe perpetrating one of the greatest frauds in voter history in this country , maybe destroying the fabric of democracy , ” the group came under attack , literally .
In the following days , ACORN ’s Boston and Seattle offices were vandalized and at least one employee received a death threat .
And for nearly two weeks , ACORN offices across the nation have been subjected to an onslaught of racist and threatening voicemails and emails .
We have secured copies of some of the most disturbing and offensive messages and have reproduced them below in order to show the very real consequences of the Right Wing ’s overheated and misplaced “ voter fraud ” rhetoric .
Warning : the emails and voicemails below are highly explicit and have only been edited to remove personally identifying information .
Please also note that , where relevant , the proper authorities have been notified .
Voicemail # 1 :
“ Hi , I was just calling to let you all know that Barack Obama needs to get hung .
He ’s a fucking nigger , and he ’s a piece of shit .
You guys are fraudulent , and you need to go to hell .
All the niggers on oak trees .
They ’re gonna get all hung honeys , they ’re gonna get assassinated , they ’re gonna get killed . ”
Email # 1 : This email was received by the Cleveland office .
The subject line was the name of a senior staffer who had recently appeared on TV to defend the group .
According to McClatchy , the email was traced back to a Facebook account featuring a McCain - Palin sign .
Email # 2 :
Voicemail # 2 :
Antivaxxers are people who think vaccinations cause health problems , most notably autism .
This is despite study after study showing them to be wrong ; there simply is no link between vaccines and autism .
While there can be isolated reactions to vaccines , they are very rare , and the overall health benefits of vaccines vastly -- vastly -- outweigh the negatives .
But these antiscience crusaders are starting to have an effect , and it's a bad one : measles outbreaks in the U.S. are on the rise .
In the first seven months of 2008 there have been seven outbreaks -- a typical year has just one -- with over 130 reports of measles infections , compared to just 42 last year in total .
Of these cases , 122 children were either unvaccinated or have unknown vaccination status .
That 's 93 % .
As it happens , there have been no deaths from these outbreaks yet , though over a dozen kids were hospitalized .
The overall vaccination rate in the U.S. probably has n't dropped significantly , but these outbreaks are probably due to pockets of people not vaccinating their kids .
Some are from home - schoolers , others due to religious reasons ... but I will guarantee that a lot of this is due to the antivaxxers spread of lies , and smearing of the medical community .
We 've seen it before , and we 'll see it again .
This part of the article is telling :
The nation once routinely saw hundreds of thousands of measles cases each year , and hundreds of deaths .
But immunization campaigns were credited with dramatically reducing the numbers .
The last time health officials saw this many cases was 1997 , when 138 were reported .
Vaccinations work , and they save lives .
Do n't believe the lies .
Do the research yourself .
I did , and I 'm convinced the antivaxxers are wrong .
And in some cases , they 're dead wrong .
Help stop them .
Educate yourself , and talk about this with people .
If you have a friend who is considering not vaccinating their kids , send them here , or here , or especially here .
Give them the facts .
They need it , to fight the onslaught of antiscience they are likely to find elsewhere .
Fight .
Literally , kids ' lives depend on it .
One morning Mel , a mousy , harried New Yorker with a thankless job and an even - less - appealing boyfriend learns that the tumor in her throat is cancerous and the diagnosis is terminal .
She then hears that both her job and her relationship are coming to an end .
Rather than wallowing in self - pity , she embarks on an endless spending spree , the kind of self - indulgent wish fulfillment that we have all fantasized about .
Take a look at the trailer , poster and some photos from the “ ” directed by ‘s daughter and written bywhich is inspired by the true story .
andstar .
“ The Guitar ” follows a woman who goes on a multi- month spending spree after discovering she has throat cancer .
Visit the official website : www.theguitarthemovie.com
“ The Guitar ” will hit the theaters on November 7 , 2008 .
The price of oil has fallen by half in the past two years , to just over $ 10 a barrel .
It may fall further — and the effects will not be as good as you might hope
OIL is cheaper today , in real terms , than it was in 1973 .
After two OPEC - induced decades of expensive oil , oil producers and the oil industry as a whole have more or less given up hope that prices might rebound soon .
The chairman of Royal Dutch / Shell , Mark Moody - Stuart , three months ago unveiled a five - year plan that assumed a price of $ 14 a barrel .
He has since publicly mused about oil at $ 11 .
Sir John Browne , chief executive of BP - Amoco , is now working on a similar assumption .
Consumers everywhere will rejoice at the prospect of cheap , plentiful oil for the foreseeable future .
Policymakers who remember the pain of responding to oil shocks in 1973 and in 1979 - 80 will also be pleased .
But the oilmen 's musings will not be popular with their fellows .
For if oil prices remain around $ 10 , every oil firm will have to slash its exploration budget .
Few investments outside the Middle East will any longer make sense .
Cheap oil will also mean that most oil - producing countries , many of them run by benighted governments that are already flirting with financial collapse , are likely to see their economies deteriorate further .
And it might also encourage more emissions of carbon dioxide at just the moment when the world is trying to do something about global warming .
Yet here is a thought : $ 10 might actually be too optimistic .
We may be heading for $ 5 .
To see why , consider chart 1 .
Thanks to new technology and productivity gains , you might expect the price of oil , like that of most other commodities , to fall slowly over the years .
Judging by the oil market in the pre-OPEC era , a “ normal ” market price might now be in the $ 5 - 10 range .
Factor in the current slow growth of the world economy and the normal price drops to the bottom of that range .
That the recent fall in prices has been so precipitous merely confirms that , for the past 25 years , oil has been anything but a normal commodity .
Although the Middle East contains two - thirds of the world 's proven oil reserves , it produces less than a third of the world 's oil .
If production were determined by cost and quality alone , most oil would come from these countries .
Oil in the Gulf is cheap to extract — barely $ 2 a barrel , a quarter of the cost in the North Sea .
Unlike the heavy crudes of Mexico or Venezuela , it is of high quality and high value .
Much of the world needs fancy technology and expensive rigs to extract oil ; in Arabia , as the old hands say , “ you just stick a straw in the ground and it gushes out . ”
The Gulf countries are to blame for their small share of the market .
By nationalising their oil industries and doing their best through the OPEC cartel to keep prices high in the 1970s and 1980s , they encouraged oil development elsewhere .
With oil so profitable , prospectors searched inhospitable parts of the world .
The perverse result is that high - cost regions ( such as the North Sea ) have been exploited before low - cost ones ( such as Iran ) .
The oil industry is like a ship with its centre of gravity above the water line , says Jeremy Elden of Germany 's Commerzbank .
It can sail smoothly for years , but capsize suddenly in rough seas — and do so quite rapidly .
An unprecedented combination of excess supply and weak demand has created just such rough seas in the past year .
The finances of the Gulf states are suffering , as budget cutbacks and recent talk of defence cancellations have shown .
Yet if the Gulf producers thought that oil prices would remain low for some years , it would pay them to abandon all attempts to boost oil revenues by propping up prices , and instead to increase production .
The result would be a world in which supply and demand were determined not by geopolitics and cartels , but by geology and markets — meaning that , in today 's conditions , the price would head down towards $ 5 .
That sounds appealing .
But it carries also a less happy corollary of a world that depends upon a highly unstable region for half its oil , with the proportion rising all the time .
Well down
A new report by Arthur Andersen , an accounting firm , and CERA , an energy consultancy , argues that the present price collapse is fundamentally different from the previous one , in 1986 .
Then , high prices had choked off demand ; but as soon as oil became cheap again , the thirst for it returned .
This time demand has barely picked up , even though the price has fallen by half .
One short - term reason is yet another unseasonably warm winter in the northern hemisphere .
A more lasting one is the economic troubles of Asia , the region that had been expected to drive oil - company profits for years to come .
Even such sceptics as David O'Reilly , one of Chevron 's bosses , who continues to pooh - pooh what he calls a temporary “ price siege ” , still worry that , because of Asia 's crisis , demand might not rebound .
Demand may fall further if and when America 's record - breaking growth comes to an end .
There is another threat on the demand side : worries over global warming .
Although the science remains inconclusive , rich countries agreed at the Kyoto summit in 1997 that it is worrying enough to warrant pre-emptive action .
So they have agreed to binding targets to reduce their emissions of greenhouse gases .
Whether or how countries will hit these targets is unclear .
But demand for oil ( though not for cleaner gas ) in the rich world is likely to be one casualty .
The supply situation is even gloomier for producers .
Unlike 1986 , oil supplies have been slow to respond to the past year 's fall .
Even at $ 10 a barrel , it can be worth continuing with projects that already have huge sunk costs .
Rapid technological advances have pushed the cost of finding , developing and producing crude oil outside the Middle East down from over $ 25 a barrel ( in today 's prices ) in the 1980s to around $ 10 now .
Privatisation and deregulation in such places as Argentina , Malaysia and Venezuela have transformed moribund state - owned oil firms .
According to Douglas Terreson of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter , an investment bank , this has “ unleashed a dozen new Texacos during the 1990s ” , all of them keen to pump oil .
Meanwhile OPEC , which masterminded the supply cuts that pushed prices up in the 1970s and 1980s , is in complete disarray .
The cartel will try yet again to agree upon production cuts at its next meeting , on March 23rd , but , partly thanks to its members ' cheating on quotas , the impact of any such cuts will be small .
OPEC members fear that Iraq , whose UN - constrained output rose by 1 m barrels a day in 1998 , may some day be able to raise production further .
Last week Algeria 's energy minister declared , with only slight exaggeration , that prices might conceivably tumble “ to $ 2 or $ 3 a barrel . ”
Nor is there much chance of prices rebounding .
If they started to , Venezuela , which breaks even at $ 7 a barrel , would expand production ; at $ 10 , the Gulf of Mexico would join in ; at $ 11 , the North Sea , and so on ( see ) .
This will limit any price increase in the unlikely event that OPEC rises from the dead .
Even in the North Sea , the bare - bottom operating costs have fallen to $ 4 a barrel .
For the lifetime of such fields firms will continue to crank out oil , even though they are not recouping the sunk costs of exploration and financing .
And basket - cases such as Russia and Nigeria are so hopelessly dependent on oil that they may go on producing for some time whatever the price .
And $ 5 ?
All this explains why oil prices will remain low .
But there needs to be a shift in the policy of the world 's biggest producer , Saudi Arabia , for them to be halved again .
The kingdom has for years restrained output to support prices .
However , if its rulers think prices are going to remain low anyway , their calculation may change .
“ If it were n't for politics , ” insists Euan Baird , head of Schlumberger , the world 's biggest oil - services firm , “ every barrel of oil would be pumped out of the Gulf — especially Saudi Arabia . ”
Politics is not dead yet , as troubles in so many oil countries , from Venezuela to Russia to Nigeria have made plain — indeed , it may be the very prize of oil that has created these countries ' problems .
But a new kind of politics may now be at work to make Mr Baird 's assertion come true .
The latest oil - price shock has come at a sensitive time for the Saudi ruling family .
Power is passing from the ailing monarch , King Fahd , to his brother , Abdullah .
The autocratic family has had problems with dissent in radical Islamist quarters .
Low oil prices crippled the Saudi economy in 1998 : output shrank by nearly 2 % , both the current - account and the budget deficits soared to nearly 10 % of GDP and debt approached 100 % of GDP .
This year will be worse .
The choice is simple .
Either the Saudis must cut back their welfare state , by slashing benefits and raising taxes , or they must find a way of increasing oil revenues .
But the ruling family 's delicate domestic situation makes the first option difficult .
So instead the Saudis may now do what once would have been unthinkable : throw open the taps .
That , according to McKinsey , a management consultancy , would certainly herald an era of $ 5 oil .
It would also destroy OPEC .
But the cartel is already moribund , and unless Saudi Arabia can bring it back from the dead , which is highly unlikely , going for full production is the strategy that makes most sense for all the Gulf states .
Mr Elden has crunched the numbers for the five main producers ( Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , Iran , Iraq and the United Arab Emirates ) at a $ 10 price .
His analysis shows that after a short period of lost revenues , the Gulf states would enjoy years of strong cash inflow , as they take market share from high - cost regions .
He reckons that the real rate of return for the Gulf states on such an “ investment ” is 13 % , well above the cost of borrowing to plug budget gaps .
If Saudi Arabia , on its own , pursues volume , he reckons its rate of return would be an impressive 15 % .
The catch is finding the money needed to buy equipment and develop fields now , so as to expand production fast .
The strategy Mr Elden suggests of going for full production might cost perhaps $ 110 billion , a good $ 50 billion more than the Gulf states have to hand .
But these countries will not have to beg for charity : their reserves have a present value of $ 1.2 trillion .
Foreign oil bosses are already queueing up , chequebooks in hand .
Sensitivities about OPEC are one reason why some people doubt that the Saudis will , say , double output to gobble up a 25 % share within a few years .
Plenty of oilmen think that Saudi Arabia is too cautious for that .
The Saudis might instead respond to low prices by increasing output only slowly and quietly .
Such a strategy would serve Saudi Arabia 's political ends by keeping its chums in OPEC afloat , and its economic ends by forcing many private - sector oil firms to slash output from high - cost , non-OPEC fields .
There are signs that the nationalism of Gulf producers is crumbling .
Kuwait is debating opening its oil fields to foreign investment .
Even Saudi rulers have dropped some hints .
Prince Abdullah , on his first visit to America last autumn , met American oil firms to discuss possible upstream investment in his country , a subject that would once have been taboo .
Every few weeks , another top oilman visits the Saudis .
Last month , Bill Richardson , America 's energy secretary , arrived to woo the royals .
Although the Saudis were coy on that occasion , Mr Richardson says he is confident that a framework for upstream foreign investment , beginning with gas , but likely to go on to oil , will be in place within six months .
The good news . . .
One might expect a collapse in oil prices to fuel an orgy of gleeful consumption .
Indeed , when the oil price halved in the mid-1980s , world consumption did soar — by 2.7 % a year for three years .
But not this time , argues Joe Stanislaw of CERA , for two reasons .
One is , again , the advance of technology , which has made alternatives to oil , such as natural gas , cheaper .
In the mid-1980s oil consumption surged in part because when oil fell below $ 20 a barrel , it was often substituted for gas .
Now , advances in gas turbines have made gas more attractive , even if oil prices go below $ 10 .
Another factor is a legacy of previous oil shocks — taxes that are aimed at conservation .
In all rich countries but one , taxes make up so much of the price of petrol at the pump that consumers hardly notice any drop in crude prices .
In Europe , for example , about 80 % of the purchase price ( typically , $ 1 a litre ) is tax .
The exception of course , is America , where taxes make up only a third of the price — but at about 40 cents a litre , the price is very low anyway .
Philip Verleger , a petroleum economist , reckons that even a prolonged period of low oil prices ( below $ 10 a barrel ) will provide a negligible boost to consumption in OECD countries , perhaps no bigger than 1 % .
In poor countries , where taxes are lower and more new power stations and vehicles are being built , the effect of cheaper oil will be greater .
Low prices will mean that more poor consumers can enjoy the benefits taken for granted by their rich - world brethren , although that will also mean they produce more greenhouse gases .
In places like China , most power now comes from plants using inexpensive , but filthy , coal .
Mr Verleger points out that a $ 5 world might encourage a shift to oil - fired plants or , better still , to cleaner ones using natural gas .
and the bad
Yet a falling oil price will not be good for everyone .
In particular , the oil companies and the producer countries will suffer .
Low prices have left both screaming in pain — and there may be worse to come .
The six biggest American oil firms posted grim fourth - quarter results for 1998 : their after - tax profits fell by 90 % , or $ 4.8 billion , compared with the same quarter a year earlier .
The recent mergers of BP with Amoco and Exxon with Mobil mark a new round of consolidation in the industry .
A big motive is to take costs out of the business : Exxon - Mobil for example , expects to save $ 2.8 billion from its merger .
With its own reorganisation and internal streamlining , Shell is hoping to save $ 2.5 billion a year .
The big firms are also expecting Gulf countries to open up to investment and are creating formidable lobbying machines in readiness .
This week two European oil firms , ENI and Elf , signed contracts to help develop Iranian oil fields .
The new BP - Amoco will take its place near the front of the queue to see Gulf oil ministers , but it will also be able to call on new American friends to put in a good word .
Sir John Browne lobbied Mr Richardson before his visit to Saudi Arabia .
If oil companies find that they can adapt , albeit painfully , OPEC countries will find it much harder .
The revenues of the cartel 's members plunged in 1998 to about $ 100 billion , only one - fifth of their 1980 revenues in real terms , according to Marvin Zonis of the University of Chicago .
All the oil producers are suffering , but some are in better shape than others .
Mexico , for example , has diversified its export base , though the federal government still gets about a third of its revenues from Pemex , the state oil monopoly .
Britain has a diversified economy that can weather the price drop .
Norway has set aside surplus oil revenues to pay for pensions for its ageing population as oil income wanes .
Abu Dhabi and Kuwait , with few people and lots of cash , have been able to stash profits away for rainy days .
But other countries are heading for big trouble .
Nearly half of Russia 's hard - currency earnings come from crude - oil exports ; that figure rises to about 80 % for Venezuela and 95 % for Nigeria and Algeria .
In Russia ( and also in the Caspian ) low oil prices may make much production unprofitable .
In Venezuela , where production costs are lower , the bursting of the oil bubble has helped to propel a populist military man , jailed for two failed coups in 1992 , into the presidency .
Prolonged low prices could trigger social explosions in several other unstable producing countries .
As for the country that has most ostentatiously frittered away its oil wealth , Nigeria , the delicate transition to democracy that took a further step with last weekend 's presidential election ( see article ) could yet be undermined by economic troubles .
Nigeria is a low - cost producer , so it will still be in business even with low oil prices .
But its mismanagement — Nigerians have recently had to queue for two days to get petrol — has been so bad that the transition could prove difficult nonetheless .
In the short run , at least , the oil monarchies of the Gulf could also be in difficulty .
Low prices already threaten the delicate “ ruling bargain ” between dictatorial rulers and coddled subjects .
A further plunge in revenues might put them at great risk .
If they slash benefits or raise taxes , they risk a backlash that could even shove them out .
In the medium term , however , the Gulf states will find that their revenues recover and even increase with cheaper oil .
So once they have made the transition to higher production , a $ 5 world should not hold any terrors for them .
But it may hold more terrors for the rest of the world — for , just as in 1973 , it will find that it is increasingly dependent on a few unstable and unreliable Gulf countries , notably Saudi Arabia , Iran and Iraq , for its energy .
Cheap oil may not then look quite so wonderful , after all .
Women in Tech : 20 Trailblazers Share Their Journeys
An excellent guide for students considering STEM courses , graduates pondering job choices , and career changers at any stage in life .
A useful tool for school and career counselors , recruiters , and HR pros eager to diversify their workplaces .
Get the Kindle or Paperback .
OK .
You 've heard of Linux .
It 's another operating system for a computer .
But why use it when you can choose between Windows and Macs ?
Unless you run business - class servers , Linux is n't really something consumers really need to hear about , right ?
Well , if that 's what you think Linux is , you could n't be further from the truth .
Look around you .
Linux is everywhere , but you may not know it .
However , you 'll have to look at the fine print to be sure , because manufacturers usually do n't openly advertise with labels announcing " Linux Inside . "
For instance , Linux probably drives your HDTV and the set - top box .
Linux is now regarded as the de facto operating system of choice by many manufacturers of electronic toys and video and telephone equipment , along with many things that involve hand - held devices and remote controls .
" The only way to find that Linux is inside is to look for the fine print in product materials .
That 's where you might find reference to Linux .
No manufacturer tends to tell consumers that , " Jim Ready , founder and CTO of MontaVista Software , told LinuxInsider .
Why So Secret ?
When Intel started to design its processor chips for consumer - grade computers , it went with a marketing strategy to display its existence on a label that would be slapped onto the computer 's case .
Before that , few consumers knew what Intel was .
But hawking the Linux engine on consumer products today is seen as counter - productive .
Simply put , product makers want their own brand recognition .
Linux gives consumer product manufacturers a stable operating system with no royalty overhead and no ownership hassles .
Not having to cater to a controlling corporate entity gives manufacturers tremendous marketing advantage .
" Linux uses open protocols exclusively .
There are no proprietary vendor protocols that try to lock you into certain vendors and products .
Monopolies do not exist in the Linux world , " Juan Pablo Roig , Unix Specialist at Globant , told LinuxInsider .
Amenability - Enabled
Linux is often the go - to guy for silent operating systems in the manufacturing industry .
It owes its success there to its solid reliability and its ability to scale and innovate .
Why Linux ?
It 's a very functional operating system that can be customized and controlled without having to ask permission from on high .
" No small part of the Linux phenomenon is being in control and a good alternative to Microsoft , " offered Ready .
Linux provides manufacturers with another marketing trait both Microsoft and Apple cannot provide .
Linux was written by programmers who created the code for other programmers , rather than for a corporate system .
To a large degree , this is why Linux is one of the more stable operating systems available today .
The programmers themselves , not executives considering a corporate or business angle , were the only people who decided what went into the system , according to Roig .
" The fact that the source code for Windows and other systems is a closely guarded secret keeps people from learning from it .
It means that problems which are technically easy to fix cannot be fixed by any user with the technical expertise .
Everyone must wait until Microsoft publishes a patch .
In summary , the availability of source code is a particularly useful thing for users , " explained Roig .
Classic Case
In the earliest days of computing , the first - generation OSes , including mainframes , had no memory protection .
Very quickly , building in memory protection became a fundamental goal for developers , noted Ready .
" Linux does n't have that problem .
It 's Unix and very functional , " he said .
In essence , the benefits of a worldwide open source operating system is much more attractive to manufacturers of consumer products .
Typically , Linux wins on four scores .
" Electronics companies are attracted to Linux for a variety of reasons , " Ross Rubin , director of industry analysis for market research and analysis firm The NPD Group , told LinuxInsider .
" First , there are no licensing royalties to pay .
The operating system is also powerful and stable and can support a wide range of applications .
They can also tailor it to their needs and have complete flexibility with the user interface so they can differentiate their products . "
Also , there is a tremendous pool of developers around the world , particularly in Asia , who are comfortable with Linux and other open source technologies , he said .
Other Factors
Three other reasons make Linux the choice of product makers .
Linux is cheap to run , cheap to modularize , and easy to secure .
" Since Linux is open source , you can literally have an army of developers take care of most of the maintenance , while you can take care of your module only .
When you make changes to the core portion of the Linux code , you can always propose that your changes be included in the original source code .
You then no longer need to have someone maintain that code , since others can do it , " Laurent Duperval of Consultation Laurent Duperval told LinuxInsider .
In addition , since the code is open , manufacturers have control over which parts they want to include in their components .
This allows them to easily reduce the size of the code footprint , he explained .
" Most security issues are quickly fixed and made available to the general public .
You do n't always have to wait for a vendor - approved patch before correcting any problems you may have .
This helps speed up your time to market , " he said .
Linux Sampling
Turn to many of the major mobile phone makers to find hard - core use of Linux .
But the Linux legacy does not end with pocket phone conversations .
You 'll find Linux at the heart of smart devices such as portable media players , cameras and most handheld devices .
Even dashboard - mounted GPS systems share a Linux heritage .
We at LinuxInsider scoured the Internet for details of products that run on Linux .
Here is a brief inventory listing of what we found .
' Netting ' the Web
Perhaps the latest craze is the use of Linux in netbooks -- ultra - small portable computers that fill a gap between smartphones and notebook computers .
Many of these tiny laptops are nurtured with Intel 's low - energy Atom processor .
The Asus EEE PC can be had with Linux , as can offerings from Dell or LG , among others .
Dell 's Inspiron Mini 9 offers up to 1GB SDRAM , an 8.9 - inch , 1024 x 600 display , three USB ports , Ethernet , a 4 GB to 16 GB solid - state drive , and 2 GB of free online storage .
LG 's X110 netbook boasts a 10 - inch , 1024 x 600 display , 1 GB RAM , an 80 GB or 120 GB hard drive , 802.11b/g , and an Ethernet port .
Some of these netbooks are available with Windows XP , as well .
Music Mania
In the Spring , SanDisk released the Sansa e200 with Podzilla .
This is a flash - based MP3 player that , when tweaked , can run Podzilla .
This creative device is based on the open source media player stack first developed by the iPod Linux project .
Also last spring , Slacker introduced a personal music player that connected to WiFi hotspots .
Slacker also brought consumers a Web - based Personal Radio browser .
Film Flair
Fedora Linux runs Cirgon 's Encore Media Server , which supports 1080i HD resolution .
The hard drive options include 320 GB , 500 GB and 750 GB varieties to control and manage music , photos and video for use with an HD - based home theater system .
The Linux - based Netflix Player set - top box lets subscribers stream Netflix movies on demand via a broadband Internet connection .
Control4's Home Controller HC - 500 meshes with various home theater appliances .
These include multi-room music access , lighting , thermostats and security systems that are Linux - driven .
Cool Stuff
We think one of the most impressive uses of Linux in a consumer product is the Cool - Idea Technology Cool - Karaoke .
This is an open source MP3 , video and Karaoke player equipped with a 400MHz ARM920t processor , 4GB of flash and a 320x240 display .
It includes a free downloadable Linux toolchain and source code .
Use its numerous hardware mixers to improve synchronization with recorded music .
And why have snapshots but no music ?
The Samsung i70 PMP does it both in one package .
This digital camera and personal media player is built on a MontaVista Linux platform and has a 7.2 - megapixel resolution with a 3 x optical zoom and Samsung 's ASR ( Advanced Shake Reduction ) technology .
Advertisements
Probably the last thing John McCain wanted to do on NBC’s Meet the Press was defend the $ 150,000 spent on Sarah Palin ’s clothing , but Tom Brokaw asked about it and after some fumbling McCain called Palin a role model to millions and said that the American people do n’t care about her clothes .
Brokaw asked McCain if the RNC ’s spending of $ 150,000 on Palin ’s clothes was a colossal mistake .
McCain answered , “ Look , she lives a frugal life .
She and her family are not wealthy .
She and her family were thrust into this , and there was some–and some third of that money is given back , the rest will be donated to charity .
Look , Americans right now care about whether they ’re going to stay in their homes , whether they ’re going to have a job , whether they ’re going to be able to keep their health insurance , if we ’re going to come out of this ditch that we ’re in .
They want change .
They want reform .
She is a role model to millions and millions and millions of Americans . ”
McCain did n’t answer the question which was not about Palin ’s lifestyle , but the Republicans decision to spend $ 150,000 not on a closely contested congressional race , or efforts to get out the vote in a swing state , but to make his running mate look pretty .
To me , this clothing and stylist fiasco says a great deal about the priorities of the McCain campaign .
Nobody would care if Palin spent her own money on clothes and stylists , but the point is that a cash strapped operation put style ahead of winning .
Advertisements
One of the reasons why I think that this story has struck a chord is that it seems out of touch when people are losing their homes and jobs to have a political party spend hundreds of thousands of dollars on clothes and style .
To put this into a practical context , it was announced last week that the average price of a home in the United States has fallen to $ 190,959 .
This means that the Republicans have spent as much on Palin ’s clothes and style as the average American pays for their house .
It is a joke for McCain to insist that Palin is a hero to millions .
She has turned into the third least popular Republican in the country trailing on George W. Bush and Dick Cheney .
McCain is right that the American people are worried about their homes and jobs , and this is exactly why Palin ’s clothing expenses send the wrong message .
Palin ’s clothing and styling costs are a perfect metaphor for the entire McCain campaign which has valued style over substance and gimmicks ahead of ideas .
Transcript of McCain on Meet the Press
With Lego you can make very interesting things , I think that this Lego sushi sculpture is one of them .
This one is taken from Big Daddy Nelson Flickr page , it looks very interesting .
It is done with details with the ikura sushi shows its fish eggs , wasabi and the ebi sushi .
The Denver Post ’s editorial board Friday endorsed Democrat Sen. Barack Obama ( D - Ill. ) for president .
The Post thinks Obama is “ better equipped to lead America back to a prosperous future . ”
“ In unsteady times , it may seem obvious to gravitate toward the veteran politician , but in this campaign , it ’s been the newcomer who has had the steady hand , ” The Post said in its endorsement .
The Post ’s editorial board is separate from the newsroom .
Today ’s endorsement also will appear in Sunday ’s Perspective section of The Denver Post .
To read a dissenting view from a member of the editorial board , check out editorial writer Chuck Plunkett ’s column .
To read more about how the board made its decision , read Editorial Page Editor Dan Haley ’s column .
CSR launched its UniFi UF6000 range of Wi-Fi chips , the world ’s smallest and lowest - cost range of 802.11n compatible devices to add to its Connectivity Centre line - up .
At less than 16 mm - sq of silicon , the UniFi UF6000 devices are designed as embedded Wi-Fi products making them the lowest cost way of adding an 802.11n enabled Wi-Fi to mobile devices .
With a silicon size of less than 16 mm - sq , the UniFi UF6000 range is the industry ’s smallest 802.11n compatible device .
All of the series are available in 0.5 mm pitch Wafer Level Chip Scale Packaging ( WLCSP ) , the smallest and lowest cost packaging option .
This means that the UniFi UF6000 range can easily be adopted for chip - on - board designs , a key step in lowering the cost for manufacturers to embed Wi-Fi .
For module solutions ; ultra - thin WLCSP packages can be supplied with a low profile of just 0.35 mm .
The UniFi UF6000 range is available in either 2.4GHz only or 2.4/5GHz giving complete flexibility to manufacturers in their choice of Wi-Fi .
The UniFi UF6000 range supports IEEE 802.11n Single Spatial Stream , providing high data speeds of up to 72 M bps , enabling mobile devices to benefit from the higher speeds of 802.11n without requiring the multiple power hungry radios of the current 802.11n MIMO solutions .
It also supports technology known as Space Time Block Coding ( STBC ) , which provides state - of - the - art throughput and range in challenging RF environments .
The UniFi UF6000 range is fully compliant with IEEE802.11e QoS , Wi-Fi Alliance WMM Power Save and 802.11n power saving , ensuring the lowest possible power consumption .
The Brady Bunch aired when the Boomers were at school , but it was generation X who turned it into a hit , in endless reruns they could never get enough of .
At one point in the 1970s , American TV stations were airing four episodes a day .
It was the story of a wholesome blended family , six children , vaguely hip step - parents , Alice the housekeeper , unstated sexual tension and the sly knowingness of Marcia , the oldest daughter .
Only devotees can understand how this bland show resonated with generation X around the world , how it offered a respite from Boomer mayhem .
Whether you call Obama a tail - end Boomer or a first run generation X - er , his birth year of 1961 puts him at the sublime point between the generations .
It 's not a fault line because these in - betweeners never really rebelled against their elders , whose self - centred hubris and lack of seriousness has now plunged the world into a cold bath .
The golden age of Boomer leaders around the world has not exactly been a great success - from Clinton ( 1946 ) , Bush ( 1946 ) , Brown ( 1951 ) , Putin ( 1952 ) and Blair ( 1953 ) to Rudd ( 1957 ) , the generation who assumed by force of numbers and breezy self - confidence they should rule the world have dropped the baton , most egregiously in the current financial crisis .
Obama 's sensibility is with generation X , and he has chosen to be their elder statesmen rather than tagalong kid brother to the Boomers .
Obama 's generation missed the sexual revolution of the 1960s - he was six in the Summer of Love .
But they were in a prime position to watch the Boomers go wrong .
They absorbed echoes of Woodstock , Vietnam , the social dislocation , with parents , perhaps , like Obama 's mother , who were caught up in the heat of the time .
They experienced first - hand the chaos of old certainties being torn apart .
Then they watched the anti-establishmentarians become the establishment , and sniffed it for the phoniness it was .
McCain could have made a virtue of his age , as the anti-Boomer .
Instead he made the fatal mistake of running as the " maverick " .
The only way McCain was going to get people enthused to vote for a cranky 72 - year - old with a croaky voice and various pre-TV quirks , such as saying " my friend " repeatedly , was to convince them he was the stable , sunny Gipper type , with all the answers amid economic uncertainty .
But he has turned his virtue into a liability by mistaking non-conformity for youthfulness and vitality .
There is no room in life for a 72 - year - old maverick .
At 72 you should have figured out the world , and not still be railing against the guys that run it .
He should not have abruptly suspended his campaign when Wall Street went into meltdown .
He should not have sung " bomb , bomb Iran " .
These are not the marks of a dependable elder statesman , but of a man who can't discipline himself .
Obama , on the other hand , is all discipline .
In his autobiography , Dreams From My Father , he describes the shock , at nine , of seeing a magazine photograph of a man who had chemically lightened his complexion to look like a white man .
" I felt my face and neck get hot .
My stomach knotted ; the type began to blur on the page .
Did my mother know about this ?
…
I had a desperate urge to jump out of my seat … to demand some explanation or assurance .
[ But ] by the time my mother came to take me home , my face wore a smile and the magazines were back in their proper place . "
The dangerous Obama his opponents have painted does not align with the Obama we see on YouTube , when he talks respectfully for six minutes to " Joe the plumber " .
Nor does it gel with the Obama who emerges in his book , with its brutally honest portrait of his father , the Kenyan student who met his white mother at university in Hawaii , and left a year after his birth .
In high school , he lived with his grandparents in Hawaii , where : " I was engaged in a fitful interior struggle … trying to raise myself to be a black man in America . "
He would find himself talking about " white folks [ and ]
I would suddenly remember my mother 's smile , and the words … would seem awkward and false " .
There 's another aspect of Obama 's personality that adds to the sense older people have that he is ill - defined and aloof .
He is a " transit lounger " - a phrase coined in 1997 by the writer Pico Iyer to describe a globalised generation .
" We pass through countries as through revolving doors , resident aliens of the world , impermanent residents of nowhere .
Nothing is strange to us , and nowhere is foreign .
We are visitors even in our own homes …
" We become professional observers , able to see the merits and deficiencies of anywhere , to balance our parents ' viewpoints with their enemies ' position … Fervour comes to seem to us the most foreign place of all . "
It reinforces Obama 's generational identity .
If it is not place that defines you , it is time .
The cri de coeur of the Obama Bunch is " Marcia Marcia Marcia " .
Jan 's agonised complaint about her big sister embodies the gen X response to the Boomers - why does it always have to be all about them ?
Well , maybe it just is n't any more .
devinemiranda@hotmail.com
One of the worst kept secrets in the economy has been that consumer credit is overdue for it ’s own subprime meltdown .
After years of cheap credit that fueled a boom in consumer spending , credit card companies and retailers providing credit to customers are seeing a spike in defaults .
They ’re reacting by pulling back on available credit and raising rates , making consumers less able to pay bills by moving balances to the next card .
And , of course , you ca n’t use your house as the last line of credit defense anymore now that banks have pulled back on home equity lines of credit .
You already know how this story plays out : higher default rates encourage tightened credit conditions which raise defaults and diminishes consumer spending , which in turn leads to layoffs , higher defaults , tighter credit , and so on and so on .
Retail credit has driven itself right off the cliff , just like housing credit .
Eric Dash at the New York Times lays out the frightening scenario :
The pullback is affecting even creditworthy consumers and threatens an already beleaguered banking industry with another wave of heavy losses after an era in which it reaped near record gains from the business of easy credit that it helped create .
Lenders wrote off an estimated $ 21 billion in bad credit card loans in the first half of 2008 as more borrowers defaulted on their payments .
With companies laying off tens of thousands of workers , the industry stands to lose at least another $ 55 billion over the next year and a half , analysts say .
Currently , the total losses amount to 5.5 percent of credit card debt outstanding , and could surpass the 7.9 percent level reached after the technology bubble burst in 2001 .
“ If unemployment continues to increase , credit card net charge - offs could exceed historical norms , ” Gary L. Crittenden , Citigroup ’s chief financial officer , said .
Faced with sobering conditions , companies that issue MasterCard , Visa and other cards are rushing to stanch the bleeding , even as options once easily tapped by borrowers to pay off credit card obligations , like home equity lines or the ability to transfer balances to a new card , dry up .
Big lenders — like American Express , Bank of America , Citigroup and even the retailer Target — have begun tightening standards for applicants and are culling their portfolios of the riskiest customers .
Capital
One , another big issuer , for example , has aggressively shut down inactive accounts and reduced customer credit lines by 4.5 percent in the second quarter from the previous period , according to regulatory filings .
Bear Stearns was the first major investment bank to fall victim to the credit crunch earlier this year — in part due to writedowns in the values of its debt securities .
In the report , obtained by CNBC , SEC Inspector General David Kotz says the agency inexplicably dropped the case in 2007 , even after Bear Stearns had offered to pay a monetary settlement .
The report says the director of the SEC's Miami office , David Nelson , had an " ongoing personal relationship " with the Bear Stearns attorney in the case .
In dropping the case , Nelson allegedly told his friend , " Christmas is coming early this year , " adding Bear Stearns " can keep their money . "
The report does not draw a direct connection between the two individuals ' 20 - year relationship and the decision to drop the case , but the Inspector General writes , " even the appearance of a conflict is disturbing and could potentially damage the reputation of the Commission . "
----------------------------------------
See : The Collapse of Bear Stearns
----------------------------------------
But perhaps more crucial , the report suggests that dropping the case may have caused authorities to miss bigger problems that led to the bank 's demise .
The U.S. Attorney 's office in Manhattan was investigating similar charges against Bear Stearns and had asked to be kept apprised of the SEC investigation , the report says .
By abruptly dropping the case , Kotz writes , " A significant opportunity to …uncover evidence of a systematic problem at Bear Stearns was also lost through neglect . "
The SEC's case involved collateralized debt obligations sold by Bear Stearns ' Latin American group beginning in early 1999 .
The SEC was investigating whether Bear Stearns and the company that purchased the securities , W. Holdings , misrepresented their value .
In 2005 , the SEC issued a Wells notice to Bear Stearns — the standard notification that it planned to file charges .
Early last year , according to the report , the two sides agreed to a tentative settlement for $ 500,000 .
Then , according to the report , Nelson suddenly decided to drop the case .
Other staffers were " stunned " by the decision , according to the report .
The report finds " a failure on the part of ( Miami Regional Office ) management to administer its statutory obligations , " and calls for disciplinary action against Nelson .
In a written response to Commissioners , the SEC's Enforcement Division defends its handling of the case and calls the Inspector General 's report " misleading . "
The response claims the report " relies on speculation and innuendo to support its harsh conclusions . "
In a statement , the SEC points out that the initial investigation did not involve mortgage - backed or subprime securities .
The Commission does not address the recommendation to punish Nelson , saying it does not comment on personnel matters .
Iowa Sen .
Chuck Grassley , the ranking Republican on the Senate Finance Committee , had requested the Inspector General 's investigation in April .
In a statement , Grassley says the report " certainly demonstrates the culture of deference at the SEC in dealing with the big players on Wall Street . "
Bear Stearns was one of the early casualties of the credit crisis .
In March , after suffering a precipitous drop in its share price , the firm was taken over by JPMorgan Chase in a deal orchestrated by the Treasury Department and Federal Reserve .
During the most recent ThoughtWorks away - day ( a chance for the office to get together , catch - up , drink etc. ) , George and I presented on a number of Ruby and Rails lessons we learned from our ( now previous ) project .
One of the most interesting sections ( to us anyway ) was on declarative programming , specifically , refactoring to a declarative design .
I guess much like DSLs , its easier to feel when you ’re achieving something declarative as opposed to necessarily defining what makes it .
But , I ’ll try my clumsy best to define something .
Almost every language I ’ve turned my hand to ( save for Erlang ) are imperative languages - where programs are written as sequences of operations , with changes of state .
You determine the what and the how of the system - what to do and how to do it .
Declarative programming is an alternative paradigm , whereby code is expressed as what ’s .
How the system executes is someone else ’s responsibility .
So , for the purposes of this discussion let ’s consider that application code can be split into two groups
Logic - the rules , the guts of things - that what’s .
Control - statements about execution flow .
Interestingly , one of the principles listed in Kent Beck ’s most recent book ( Implementation Patterns ) includes “ Declarative Expression ” - that you should be able to read what your code is doing , without having to understand the wider execution context .
Declarative languages are all around us , with most developers I ’m guessing using them almost daily .
Think of SQL , when you write a statement such like SELECT [ Name ] , [ Age ] FROM [ Person ] WHERE [ Age ] > 15 you ’re making a statement about what you ’d like , not how you get there - that ’s up for the database engine to figure out .
And a good thing to !
Have you ever taken a look at an execution plan for modestly complex queries ?
Closter to home - think of .NET and Java Annotations - where you can decorate constructs with additional behaviours .
They look and feel like core extensions to the language , but are programmable and can be used to adapt the runtime behaviour of the system .
Before working for ThoughtWorks , I worked on a system where we used attributes to allow us to add validations to properties , allowing us to re-use code and extend easily .
[ LengthMustBeAtLeast ( 6 ) ] public property string FirstName { get { ... } set { ... }}
Everything was nicely decoupled , read well , and reduced the amount of clutter in our code .
More importantly , our validation code was not spread throughout every setter of every property .
We could isolate responsibilities making code easier to digest and understand , and test !
Onto Ruby .
A substantial part of our project involved reading lots of CSV files from different sources to update our deal information .
The answer was a kind of anticorruption layer ( borrowing heavily from domain - driven design ) for each different feed .
Quickly , we ended up with a few concrete classes and a base class that co-ordinated effort .
Dependencies were shared both ways , imagine a number of template methods that are called in sequence to accomplish their work .
Over time it grew complex , and with Ruby it ’s a little tougher ( than with languages like Java or . NET ) to navigate and browse around the code without strong IDE support .
It was starting to get a little too complex and we felt we needed to change things , so we did ( bolstered somewhat by having Jay with us ) .
Onto the code .
So imagine we have a class representing a Feed of information ( read from a CSV file ) , and we want to be able to ask that Feed to provide us with a number of Deals .
Internally , it will iterate over the items in the Feed , creating a Deal for each one ( if possible ) .
Our first solution looked a little like this , firstly in the ‘ abstract ’ base class :
def create_deal Deal.create(:network_name => network_name)end
and in the feed ’s concrete implementation :
FIELD_INDICES = {:name => 1 , :network_name => 2}def network_name read_cell( FIELD_INDICES[:network_name ]
)
end
Our main feed class asks our implementation class for the network_name - a template method .
Not bad , now build that up to tens of attributes , a bit longer .
Since we ’ve defined column indices in a constant , we also now have to navigate up and down lots to determine where we ’re reading from .
Add in a few other tables with look - ups for other bits that we need to do the mapping and it can get a little complex pretty quick .
Our code is not only made up of the stuff determining what it is to translate between a CSV representation of our Deals to an object model one , but also all of the code necessary to find out which CSV column we ’re in , how we map that column etc .
They were essentially just reading values from cells , no translation needed .
Most of the code we had was infrastructural , and the logic ( the what of our application ) was hidden amongst the noise .
This complexity , combined with the split of flow between abstract and concrete classes , made it difficult to follow and understand .
Our goal was to try and reduce each concrete implementation to a single page on our screens .
These little ‘ mapping ’ translation methods were our first target - reduce the amount of code for each of these to one line that described the mapping , rather than how we get it all .
Firstly , we introduced a convention - every attribute of a Deal could be retrieved by calling a deal_attribute_my_attribute style method .
So , we renamed all our methods , ran the tests , and then started to make steps towards having each deal_attribute_blah method defined dynamically .
We went from :
def network ... end
to
def deal_attribute_network ... end
to … nothing .
Well , not quite .
Instead , what we wanted was to have a method constructed by adding a class method to a module that we could mix - in .
Then , we could just define the mapping and Ruby would wire up the rest .
We settled on the following syntax
deal_attribute :name => ' NAME '
Neat .
A little classeval and instanceeval magic later we were able to push our infrastructural code out of our concrete feed class and into the co-ordinator .
Our code is now more declarative .
We ’re stating what we need to do our work , rather than worrying about how we get at it .
Not only that , for the common case ( where we may be just moving values from one place to another ) there ’s no need to do anything more than describe that relationship .
Declarative programming makes it much easier to express important relationships .
It ’s now much easier to see the relationship between the name attribute of a Deal and the NAME column for this CSV feed .
Notice also how we ’re pushing our dependencies up to our caller - the coupling is now one - way .
We state what we need from our caller ( the main deal feed class ) - our caller is able to then pass the information on .
We ’re just answering questions , rather than answering questions and asking questions ( of our caller ) .
The syntax also lends itself to explaining a dependency , that an attribute of our deal is read from ‘ NAME ’ ( for example ) .
That ’s great , next step was to tidy up some of the slightly more complex examples where we do some additional translation .
For example , where we take the name of something and we need to pull back an object from the database instead .
Let ’s say we keep track of the Phone that a Deal is for .
So , from
def deal_attribute_phone Phone.find(deal_attribute_brand , deal_attribute_model)end
to
deal_attribute ( : phone => [ ' MAKE ' , ' MODELNAME ' ] ) do |brand , model| Phone. find ( brand , model)
end
We ’ve extended the syntax to reveal that this translation needs values from both the ‘ MAKE ’ and ‘ MODELNAME ’ columns .
From our perspective , we ’re pushing responsibility up and keeping our code focused on what we need to map this attribute .
This is a little more complex to achieve since we ’re also passing arguments across ( and our deal_attribute translator methods also sometimes need to access instance variables ) so we need to use instance_exec instead of the standard instance_eval .
The end result was feed classes that looked as follows
class MySpecialFeed deal_attribute :name => ' NAME ' deal_attribute ( : description => ' DESC ') { |desc| cleanse_description ( desc ) } deal_attribute ( : phone => [ ' MAKE ' , ' MODELNAME ' ] ) do |brand , model| Phone. find ( brand , model ) end ... end
In total , it took us probably just over a day to refactor the code for all of our classes .
Most of which we managed to get down to some 40 or 50 lines total .
We did n’t refactor all the code , so there ’s still potential for exploiting it further but it was definitely a very exciting thing to see happen .
Enlarge By Darron Cummings , AP Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin speaks at a rally in Fort Wayne , Ind. , on Saturday .
2008 CANDIDATE PROFILES 2008 CANDIDATE PROFILES 2008 Republican nominee : Sen. John McCain of Arizona --
Six things to do before Nov. 4 John McCain on the campaign issues : Taxes | Iraq | Energy | Immigration | Health care | Education | Abortion | Gay civil rights 2008 Democratic nominee : Sen. Barack Obama of Illinois --
Six things to do before Nov. 4 Barack Obama on the campaign issues : Taxes | Iraq | Energy | Immigration | Health care | Education | Abortion | Gay civil rights
Match up with a candidate :
Our issues game lets you compare your views with those of Obama and McCain .
ANCHORAGE  Gov. Sarah Palin 's signature accomplishment — a contract to build a 1,715 - mile pipeline to bring natural gas from Alaska to the Lower 48 — emerged from a flawed bidding process that narrowed the field to a company with ties to her administration , an Associated Press investigation shows .
Beginning at the Republican National Convention in August , the McCain - Palin ticket has touted the pipeline as an example of how it would help America achieve energy independence .
Despite Palin's boast of a smart and fair bidding process , the AP found that her team crafted terms that favored only a few independent pipeline companies and ultimately benefited the winner , TransCanada Corp .
And contrary to the ballyhoo , there 's no guarantee the pipeline will ever be built ; at a minimum , any project is years away , as TransCanada must first overcome major financial and regulatory hurdles .
In interviews and a review of records , the AP found : _Instead of creating a process that would attract many potential builders , Palin slanted the terms away from an important group — the global energy giants that own the rights to the gas .
_ Despite promises and legal guidance not to talk directly with potential bidders , Palin had meetings or phone calls with nearly every major candidate , including TransCanada .
_ The leader of Palin 's pipeline team had been a partner at a lobbying firm where she worked on behalf of a TransCanada subsidiary .
Also , that woman 's former business partner at the lobbying firm was TransCanada 's lead private lobbyist on the pipeline deal .
Plus , a former TransCanada executive served as an outside consultant to Palin 's pipeline team .
_ Under a different set of rules four years earlier , TransCanada had offered to build the pipeline without a state subsidy ; under Palin , the company could receive a maximum $ 500 million .
" Governor Palin held firmly to her fundamental belief that Alaska could best serve Alaskans and the nation 's interests by pursuing a competitive approach to building a natural gas pipeline , " said McCain - Palin spokesman Taylor Griffin .
" There was an open and transparent process that subjected the decision to extensive public scrutiny and due diligence . "
There were never more than a few players that could execute such a complex undertaking — at least a million tons of steel stretching across some of Earth 's most hostile and remote terrain .
TransCanada estimates it will cost $ 26 billion ; Palin 's consultants estimate nearly $ 40 billion .
The pipeline would run from Alaska 's North Slope to Alberta in Canada ; secondary lines would take the gas to various points in the United States and Canada .
Building such a pipeline had been a dream for decades .
The rising cost and demand for energy injected new urgency into the proposal .
When Palin was elected governor two years ago , she vowed to take on ExxonMobil Corp. , ConocoPhillips and BP , the multinational energy companies that long dominated the state 's biggest industry .
Palin ousted fellow Republican Gov. Frank Murkowski , who negotiated a secret pipeline deal with the " Big Three " energy companies .
That deal went nowhere .
The new governor tackled the pipeline issue with gusto , meeting with representatives from all sides and assembling her own team of experts to draw up terms .
Palin invited bidders to submit applications and offered the multimillion - dollar subsidy .
Members of her team say that without the incentive , it might not have received any bids for the risky undertaking .
Palin 's team was led by Marty Rutherford , a widely respected energy specialist and veteran of state government .
Rutherford solidified her status when , in 2005 , she joined an exodus of Department of Natural Resources staff who felt Murkowski was selling out to the oil giants .
What the Palin administration neglected to mention in its announcement of Rutherford 's appointment was that in 2003 , Rutherford left public service and worked for 10 months at the Anchorage - based Jade North lobbying firm .
There she did $ 40,200 worth of work for Foothills Pipe Lines Alaska , Inc. , a subsidiary of TransCanada .
Foothills Pipe Lines Alaska Inc. paid Rutherford for expertise on topics including state legislation and funding related to gas commercialization , according to her 2003 lobbyist registration statement .
Palin has said she was n't bothered by that past work because it had occurred several years before .
But Rutherford would n't have passed her new boss ' own standards :
Under ethics reforms the governor pushed through , Rutherford would have had to wait a year to jump from government service to a lobbying firm .
Rutherford also has downplayed her work for Foothills .
" I did a couple of projects for them , small projects , " she told a state Senate committee examining the TransCanada bid earlier this year .
While a partner , Rutherford said , she " realized that my heart was not in the private sector , it was in the public sector . "
At one point , Palin 's pipeline team debated Rutherford 's role , but concluded there was no problem , said Revenue Department Commissioner Pat Galvin , another team member .
Patricia Bielawski , Rutherford 's former partner at Jade North , spent last summer in Juneau , the state capital , serving as TransCanada 's lead private lobbyist .
While the Legislature debated — and ultimately approved — the TransCanada deal , Bielawski met with lawmakers and sat in on the public proceedings , several legislators said .
Bielawski told AP that Rutherford never directly lobbied the Legislature for Foothills , and that Rutherford broke no rules .
But others say it 's a legitimate question .
" I 'm not saying someone 's getting paid off for a sweetheart contract , but it 's very hard to ignore that this is your former partner and your former client standing there before you , " said Republican Sen.
Lyda Green , a Palin critic who in August voted against awarding TransCanada the license .
Tony Palmer , the TransCanada vice president who leads the company 's Alaska gas pipeline effort , rejects the suggestion that his company benefited .
" We have gained clearly no advantage from anything that Ms. Rutherford did for Foothills some five years ago on a very much unrelated topic , " he said .
Rutherford did not respond to interview requests .
But McCain - Palin spokesman Griffin said Rutherford " had no decision - making role or authority , " and contended that such matters were handled by others on the Palin pipeline team .
TransCanada also had a connection to the team hired by the Palin administration to analyze the bid .
Patrick Anderson , a former TransCanada executive , served as an outside consultant .
In January 2007 , Palin spoke the first of at least two times to Vice President Dick Cheney , the Bush administration 's point person on energy issues , according to calendars obtained by the AP .
Cheney 's staff pressed the Palin administration to draw in the energy companies , said current and former state officials involved in those discussions .
As the governor 's approach unfolded in the spring of 2007 , Palin said she saw problems if the firms that own the gas also owned the pipeline .
They could manipulate the market or charge prohibitive fees to smaller exploration firms , discouraging competition .
Several important requirements in the legislation were unpalatable to the big oil companies .
In the talks under Murkowski , the firms asked that the rates for the gas production tax and royalties be fixed for 45 years ; Palin refused to consider setting rates for that long .
Under her process , pipeline firms had an advantage because they simply pass along taxes paid by oil and gas producers .
Oil company officials warned lawmakers they would n't participate under those terms .
Still , in a near unanimous vote , the Legislature passed the Alaska Gasline Inducement Act in May 2007 , as generally written by Palin 's pipeline team .
Once the state issued its request for proposals on July 2 , 2007 , the level of communication between the government and potential bidders was supposed to decrease drastically .
State lawyers advised public officials to keep their distance , and bidders were told to submit questions on a public website .
But Palin had conversations with executives at most of the major potential bidders during that period , according to her calendars , which indicate that the pipeline was the subject of the discussions , or that the conversations occurred immediately after a briefing with Palin 's pipeline team .
TransCanada 's Palmer described communication with state officials as nonexistent .
According to the governor 's official schedule , however , Palin called TransCanada President and CEO Hal Kvisle on Aug. 8 , 2007 .
Palmer said the call was to clarify the bidding process .
Griffin said that in keeping with legal guidance , Palin never spoke in any of the meetings about the competitive bidding process .
By the Nov. 30 submission deadline , there were five applications .
But the state disqualified four for failing to satisfy the bill 's requirements .
That left TransCanada .
The Canadian giant had been pursuing an Alaska pipeline since at least 2004 , when the company negotiated a deal with Rutherford that the state ended up shelving .
While the details remain confidential , six people familiar with the terms told the AP that TransCanada was willing to do the work then without the large state subsidy .
In testimony this July before the state Senate , Rutherford described the 2004 deal as presenting different trade - offs .
Others who reviewed the deal think much of the $ 500 million will be wasted money .
" Most definitely TransCanada got a sweetheart deal this time , " said Republican Sen. Bert Stedman , who voted against the TransCanada license .
" Where else could you get a $ 500 million reimbursement when you do n't even have the financing to build the pipeline ? " _ Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { System.out.println(S(/*
Wow , we finally have multiline strings in Java !
HOOO ! */) ) ; }
Wow , we finally have multiline strings in Java !
HOOO !
public static String S ( ) { StackTraceElement element = new RuntimeException ().getStackTrace ( ) [ 1 ] ; String name = element.getClassName( ) .replace ('.' , '/' ) + " . java " ; InputStream in = getClassLoader().getResourceAsStream( name ) ; String s = convertStreamToString ( in , element.getLineNumber ( ) ) ; return s.substring(s.indexOf ( " / * " ) +2 , s.indexOf ( " * / " ) ) ; }
I 've implemented multi-line strings for Java using a library approach .
The following code : will print the following to standard out :
How does this work ?
Well , first of all you have to make sure that your source is on the class path , then the following code does the job : Obviously this does n't perform that well , but for unit testing it 's sufficient .
Maybe it would be cool to add some support for interpolation functionality to it ( Edit : or just use Xtend ) .
INTRO :
I ’ve been meaning to write a “ Sexism in Children ’s Books ” post , but I need to clarify that I ’m specifically talking about sexism in the books that I come across frequently , in my work as a childcare provider – not just random books floating around the universe or books in general , or the most sexist books I can find on Amazon .
The books discussed here ( most of them ) are chosen SOLELY because they are ones that are literally in the hands of the children I love .
It ’s also important to note that I live in a very liberal , progressive , artsy , environmentally - conscious , GLBT - friendly , intelligent , caring town on the coast .
Nowhere near the Bible belt .
Also , none of the children I mention ( never by name ) are my children , and when I critique the contents of the books they are reading , I am not at all criticizing the children ’s parents , who are , on a whole , loving , progressive , educated , even FEMINIST parents !
I ’m not at all suggesting that parents do a poor job choosing books for their children .
My point is that sexism in children ’s books is so pervasive that it frequently takes an enormous amount of research , effort , time , and perhaps money , to find the high - quality , non-sexist ones .
They are the buried gems in library shelves , which you have to be specifically looking for ; they are the ones you have to go to the library desk and fill out an interlibrary loan card and wait two weeks for .
Disclaimer over !
Onwards we go !
Whenever I pick up a children ’s book for the first time now , I assess it not just for its story , but for its ratio of male and female characters , as well as the differences between how the males and females are portrayed , and their interactions with each other .
Most children ’s books I ’ve seen call most animals “ he , ” unless it ’s an obviously female animal , e.g. a hen .
In the illustrations , male animals are the default , and female animals are distinguished by the “ extras ” that have been added to them – e.g. longer eyelashes , redder lips , flowers somewhere , a bow , something pink , etc .
For instance , a 2 - yr - old girl I know loves a set of 4 books about 4 cats , 3 males and 1 female .
The male cats are merely cats , but the female cat has a pink bow in her hair so that it becomes clear to everyone that she is female .
Imagine how different it would be if , e.g. , the dogs in children ’s books were automatically and unquestioningly female , and if one was male , you could only tell because it had a mustache or neck tie or huge adam ’s apple !
In the books about the boy kittens , they get into mischief , go hunting , and chase other animals .
The only girl kitten , wears a pink bow in her hair , and her book is all about how she makes herself look pretty for her birthday and “ gets a new pretty doll , but the collar is her favorite present of all ! ”
Yes , the male cats go exploring and thus have unlimited freedom , while the female cat is domesticized even further by being given an item that will restrict her movement – and it ’s her “ favorite present of all . ”
At first , I tried calling a couple of the boy cats “ she , ” as is my small way of rebelling , but the girl got super annoyed at me and kept saying , “ It ’s a BOY ! ”
Then she got out her block set , giving each cat a block , and gave the female cat the pink one , even directly saying , “ She likes pink . ”
The books were written in 2007 , by the way .
Another example of this “ animals are male by default ” phenomenon is in another library book I recently read to a toddler – Goodnight , Animals , by Lena Arro .
The main characters are a boy ( Bubble ) and a girl ( Pearl ) , going camping .
Bubble is brave and Pearl is scared , stereotypically and predictably .
Some animals come camping with them – the cat , dog , and horse are all male , and only the hen is female .
This is so common it ’s virtually unnoticable , the way in which water is unnoticable to fish .
Piggie and Gerald books are in vogue right now amongst the preschool set ( kids I know have them and ask me to read them ) , and both are male , as are Frog & Toad , Little Bear and most of his friends , Franklin and most of his friends , the pigeon in the books by the same author as Piggie and Gerald , the child and the animal in the popular “ If You Give a [ Moose , Mouse , Pig ] a [ Muffin , Pancake , whatever ] ” books , which most of the children I know have on their bookshelves .
Female characters are rare in Dr. Seuss books , and Dr. Seuss books are so popular that almost every child I know who is familiar with books , knows / has / has read Dr. Seuss books .
In “ You Do n’t Know How Lucky You Are , ” which I read to a 4 - yr - old a few weeks ago , all of the characters are male .
The words are written as if the author is speaking directly to the reader , and includes the line , “ You ’re a lucky guy , ” as if all of the readers are male , too .
The Grinch is male , as is his dog , and most of the Whos ; the Cat in the Hat is male , as are most characters in Hop on Pop , Green Eggs and Ham , etc. [ More Dr. Seuss books examined in more detail later ] .
Popular male children ’s TV / book characters , which I ’ve had MORE than enough of throughout my years as a childcare provider , include Barney , Thomas the Tank Engine , JayJay the Jet Plane , the narrator in Blues Clues , Peter Rabbit and Mr. McGregor , and most of the characters in Winnie the Pooh and Sesame Street .
Winnie the Pooh characters :
MALE = Pooh , Christopher Robin , Tigger , Roo , Owl , Rabbit , Eeyore .
FEMALE = Kanga
Sesame Street characters :
MALE = Elmo , Big Bird , Ernie , Bert , Grover , Snuffy , Telly , the Count , Cookie Monster .
FEMALE = Prairie Dawn , Zoe… ?
Thomas the Tank Engine characters :
MALE = over 83 characters , as seen on the online Thomas & Friends Character Guide .
FEMALE = 17 characters , 2 of which do n’t even have photos on the site , 1 of which is pink , and 2 of which are named Lady and Queen .
I have never seen any female characters other than Annie , Clarabel , and Lady , in a child ’s personal toy collection .
And did you know the character of “ Lady Hatt ” existed , to go with Sir Topham Hatt ?
Neither did I , until I visited the online character guide , and I bet no one else does , either .
—
Recently , a 4 - yr - old I was with wanted me to read her books , and the ones we semi-randomly took from the closest shelf featured a male crocodile protagonist whom I called him “ her ” throughout ( Lyle , Lyle , Crocodile ) , a male owl and male firefly who became friends ( I made the owl female ) , and a little girl whose house is taken over by approximately 5 male animals and 1 female – I made all but 2 female .
( That ’s What Do You Do With a Kangaroo ? )
And we also read Madeline , which , amazingly , had no male characters – at least , not that I remember !
( Maybe a doctor ? )
On another day recently , I was asked by a 2 - year - old girl to read Angelina Ballerina .
Angelina Ballerina is a little mouse who , you guessed it , is obsessed with ballet .
In the beginning of the book , she is so obsessed with dancing that she gets lost in her own world and misbehaves by not tidying up her room , not coming when her mother calls her , and , oddly , “ never let [ ting ] the boys catch her on the playground . ”
Once she ’s enrolled in ballet class and thus has an outlet , her behavior improves .
She tidies her room , comes to dinner when her mother calls , and “ Now she lets the boys catch her sometimes . ”
WTF ??
As if it ’s a good little girl ’s DUTY , along with cleaning her room and listening to her mom ’s instructions , to give in and be available to the boys who are pursuing her ??
I ’d love a book about a little girl mouse who starts out meek , then enrolls in karate class and learns to beat the crap out of the boys who wo n’t leave her alone .
A couple years ago , a 9 - year - old girl I babysat for , and her 10 - year - old friend , were having a conversation in the backseat of my car about how guilty they felt for not having boyfriends yet , like the other girls in their class .
Nine - year - old explained that she did n’t want to , but there was a boy that had been bothering her at school for years , and last week he was leaning towards her trying to kiss her , which made her lean so far backwards that she fell off the bench and hit her head .
Because little girls are n’t taught to or encouraged to counter attack , to lean forward and say “ GET AWAY FROM ME ! ” and give a shove if necessary … no , little girls are socialized to politely resist ( or let the boys do what they want , as Angelina Ballerina does ! ) , to back up , accomodate , accomodate … no matter how much it hurts them .
—
Children I know also LOVE Ruby & Max , and apparently so do many other children , for the books have now been made into a cartoon .
Ruby and Max are brother and sister , and very stereotyped in terms of gender roles .
Ruby is the traditionally rational , calm , feminine older sister – she wears pastel floral dresses and plays nice , quiet activities , and keeps her rowdy little brother in line .
Sample line of dialogue : “ I do n’t understand what little brothers see in frogs , especially when there are such beautiful flowers to be picked ! ”
Max is “ all boy ” – wears blue overalls , loves to get messy , loves frogs and tools and robots , which frequently crash Ruby ’s tea parties .
I want Ruby to wear some jeans and chase a frog through the mud , or climb a tree and yell really loud .
I want Max to rock a baby doll to sleep , or dance in a field with a flower crown on his head .
But I ’m sure he wo n’t , nor will Franklin , another male cartoon character I mentioned earlier .
In one of the Franklin movies , Franklin ’s dad suggests he pick some flowers for his cousin , and Franklin exclaims , “ Yuck !
Flowers are a girl thing ! ” and his dad replies , “ Exactly !
All girls want flowers ! ”
As I mentioned earlier , I live in a really great , progressive town .
The hub of our town is a large natural foods co-op , and in it is a playroom , and in that playroom is a bookcase full of children ’s books .
I decided to examine the books on just one randomly - chosen shelf .
I examined the books with my usual criteria – how many male vs. female characters , and the portrayal of males and females .
The books are n’t necessarily high - quality or popular books , and I chose them ONLY because they are the actual books that children in my town are reading .
Here ’s what I found :
There were 28 books on the shelf .
Sixteen of them had more male characters than female , two books had ONLY male characters , and 4 books had 1 or more characters that were definitely male and other characters of undetermined sex .
Four books had an equal number of male and female characters .
NO book had only females , and NO book had more females than males .
Three books had only characters whose sex was undetermined .
Ten books had male protagonists , ONE book had a female protagonist ( and the rest did n’t have protagonists ) .
( If you want to read the specifics about these 28 books , you can find that info at the end of this post )
—
And finally , Mother Goose nursery rhymes .
That ’s a huge topic in and of itself , and a thorough examination and critique of nursery rhymes is beyond the scope of this post .
However , one of the toddlers I work with is enthralled with nursery rhymes , owns 3 - 4 anthologies of them , and has many memorized .
I will include here only the specific nursery rhyme books that she personally reads .
Classic Nursery Rhymes , copyright 2006 Gramercy Books , includes many sexist nursery ryhmes , such as “ Georgie Peorgie , pudding and pie , kissed the girls and made them cry . ”
And yes indeedy , there ’s an illustration of a boy kissing a crying girl .
There ’s nothing , anywhere , that suggests Georgie Peorgie is wrong for doing this …and the crying girl does n’t seem to be trying to get away from him .
She ’s just standing there rubbing her teary eye .
Is it so far - fetched to think that young children might not realize Georgie Peorgie ’s a jerk ?
Especially if they also read Angelina Ballerina , in which Angelina ’s supposed improved behavior includes her “ letting ” the boys chase and catch her .
In “ One Two , Buckle my shoe , ” in the illustration that accompanies “ Thirteen , Fourteen , maids a- courting ; fifteen , sixteen , maids in the kitchen ” ( ’ cause where else would they be ! ) , there is an illustration of a traditionally masculine man on bent knee , holding the hand of the stereotypically Ideal Woman – white , blond , blue - eyed , skinny with a tiny waist , etc. , and gingerly holding the corner of her apron up with her pinky extended .
It ends “ Nineteen , twenty , my plate ’s empty , ” with an illustration of an apparently royal male teenager , holding up his fork and knife by his empty plate , with a very displeased / angry look on his face .
Spoiled , self - righteous sexist brat , fuming that those “ maids in the kitchen ” are making him wait for his supper .
There is nothing in the text of “ Eenie , Meenie , Miney , Mo ” that suggests two super feminine little girls are having a tea party , but that ’s what the illustration is .
In “ Ring Around the Rosie , ” there ’s a line about “ the wedding bells are ringing , the bride and groom are singing , ” and sure enough , there ’s an illustration of a very traditional bride and groom by a church .
This is only one of several wedding scenes in nursery rhyme books , such as the one to accomany this text – “ This is the priest that married the man that kissed the maiden all forlorn that [ BLAH BLAH BLAH , house that Jack built ] . ”
Fairytales , too , of course , frequently glorify weddings and marriage – toddlers and preschoolers should care about marriage WHY ?
But again , I digress .
And then there ’s “ Peter Piper Pumpkin Eater , had a wife and could n’t keep her .
He put her in a pumpkin shell ; there he kept her very well . ”
Blatant oppression – a man ca n’t control his wife to his liking , so he locks her up in the house , which works very well for him .
There ’s an accompanying illustration of a very unhappy woman staring out the window of her pumpkin house , while the man stands happily outside of it , with all that freedom and space .
Ahhhh , Patriarchy , is n’t it grand !
How about Higglety , Piggelty , My Black Hen ?
“ She lays eggs for gentlemen . ”
And that ’s all she does .
It ’s chilling to imagine all of the animal characters in nursery rhymes as humans – here is a nursery rhyme that clearly spells it out : women exist to reproduce , for men .
“ Old Mother Hubbard ” would also be even more revolting if one read the character of the dog as a human , rather than canine , male .
The nursery rhyme is about a woman ( “ Old Mother ” ) who spends all of her time trying to please the dog , buying him more and more things , only to come home and find him obliviously reading the paper , smoking a pipe , etc. , and on and on .
It ends with “ The dame made a curtsy , the dog made a bow .
The dame said , ‘ Your servent ! ’
The dog said , ‘ Bow wow ’ ! ”
In the introduction of Mary Engelbreit ’s Nursery Rhymes collection , she says , “ These poems are innocent and bring children the enjoyment of simpler and slower times . ”
Yet the book includes the horribly sexist Peter , Peter , Pumpkin Eater ; What Are Little Boys / Girls Made Of ? ; Georgie Peorgie ; the House that Jack Built ; and Oh Dear , What Can the Matter Be ?
That last one is a rejected woman ’s lament – her boyfriend / husband / whatever , Johnny , is supposed to be taking a quick trip to the fair to buy her a ribbon for her hair , but he ’s gone for SUCH a long time that the woman frets “ Oh dear , what can the matter be ? ”
The accompanying illustration shows what the “ matter ” is – Johnny ’s not buying ribbons at all , he ’s standing and talking / flirting with ( practically leering at ) another woman , who is quite pretty , while the woman who is at home worrying and waiting for Johnny is frumpy and mad .
—
I could go on and on .
This is just a small sampling , of the books that the children I care for have read in the past month or so .
There are many wonderful , progressive , feminist ( or at least non-sexist ) children ’s books out there , but does it matter , when they ’re not the books in children ’s hands ?
* * *
If you ’re interested in reading more about sexism in children ’s books , and racism in children ’s books , here are some good sites , which are more comprehensive than my one blog post —
10 Quick Ways to Analyze Children ’s Books
Gender Issues in Children ’s Literature
Female Representation in Children ’s Literature
[ Keep going for the details of the 28 books from that randomly - chosen shelf ]
M = male character (s )
F = female character (s )
U = character (s ) of unknown sex
1. THREE LITTLE KITTENS – 3 U kittens .
No names or pronouns were used , and the clothes were rather unisex .
The only gendered character in the story is the mother , who wears a frilly , pink apron and does nothing but bake and clean .
2. SUPERBABE AT THE PARK , by Deborah van der Beek , 1989 – features a baby boy in blue ( superbabe ) , and his sister in pink , but both are equally active in the park .
3. THE CAT IN THE HAT , the movie version , adapted by Jesse Leon McCann in 2003 – boy in blue , girl in pink dress and bow .
The children ’s babysitter is an older , obese , Asian woman , who falls asleep on the couch immediately and stays sleeping while the kids and the cat get into all their mischief .
Racism in children ’s books is another subject well - deserving of attention …
4. WAY OUT WEST LIVES A COYOTE NAMED FRANK , by Jillian Lund , 1993 – Most of the book is about Frank on his own , but he has two friends , one M and one F .
5. KIPPER , by Mick Inkpen , 1991 – Kipper is M , as is a frog , and the other characters ’ are U .
6. COUNTING CREATURES , by Lori Peth and Rosanna Gallagher , 1991 – A Halloween book with a male ghoul , 2 male goblins , 3 U cats , 3 male pumpkins and one pumpkin that we know is female only because she has eyelashes and more prominent lips , 5 female witches , 6 male vampires , 7 U bats , 8 U owls , 4 male ghosts ( judging by hats and clothes and hair ) and 5 ghosts that may be female , and 10 U mummies .
7 . ONE FISH , TWO FISH , RED FISH , BLUE FISH , by Dr. Seuss , 1960 / 1988 – There ’s a girl and boy both in yellow clothing , and many ungendered characters , but there are 4 characters that use male pronouns , and also Mr Gump , Ned , Mike , Joe , Clark , and a male “ Nook , ” and no one that ’s specifically female .
Sexist line of text : “ All girls who like to brush and comb should have a pet like this at home . ”
8. IN A PEOPLE HOUSE , by Theo LeSieg , 1972 – characters are Mr. Bird and a U mouse .
9 . FOX IN SOCKS , by Dr. Seuss , 1965 – Lots of male characters , only some of which are named – Mr. Knox , Joe Crow , Bim & Ben , LukeLuck .
Only girl with a name is Sue , who sews .
10 . THE FOOT BOOK , by Dr. Seuss , 1968 / 1996 – both male and female characters !
Perhaps even an equal number of them !
11 . IT ’S NOT EASY BEING A BUNNY , by Marilyn Sadler , 1983 – main character PJ FunnyBunny is male .
Other animals = U .
12 . PUPPY PEEK -A - BOO – features a dog and cat , who are not gendered .
13 . I SPY LITTLE WHEELS – One page features a traditional bride and groom with a priest ( heterocentricism ) , and another page is a “ beach scene ” with 4 knights in armor and carrying swords , surrounding a woman in a bikini , standing near a construction vehicle . ?!
14 . PLANES , by Byron Barton – 4 M pilots , 1 F , and a bunch of U pilots .
15 . BABY ’S WORLD : THINGS THAT GO , 2003 – yay equality !
I counted 6 boys and 8 girls , and 2 U kids .
Girls and boys both are playing with trucks , busses , cars , etc .
Some children are wearing yellow , grey , green , etc. instead of pink and blue , even !
16 . POOH’S 1 - 2 - 3 – Kanga is female .
Pooh , Eeyore , Owl , Tigger , Christopher Robin , Roo , and Rabbit are male .
17 . STICKER PLAY – LITTLE CHICK – Little Chick is male .
Other animals U .
18 . GUESS WHAT ? , by Taro Gomi – 10 M , 7 F .
Girl has flowers and a jumprope , boy has squirt gun and a horn .
19 . MY LITTLE BOOK OF CARS AND TRUCKS , 1973 , by Kennon Graham – story of a little boy and his mom , out in town , where there ’s a M firefighter and police officer , 9 M drivers ( no explicitly F drivers , but there are some U ) , a boy in yellow , and two girls in pink with a bow .
20 . IN THE JUNGLE , by Julie Lacome – characters are not gendered
21 . ABC RHYMES , by Carl Memling , 1982 – there are 3 male acrobats , a male in a canoe , with a drum , and with a pogo stick ; a male bear , a male on an elephant , on a boat with a male captain , and a gondolier with a female passenger in a lacy dress and carrying a doll .
There ’s a male on a male horse , a male sawing , and riding a kangaroo , and climbing a mountain .
There ’s a female lioness , and a male and female watching a starry night .
There ’s a male steering a ship , playing the piccolo , and meeting a “ lovely queen ” who stands far away in a window .
There ’s a male playing tennis , climbing a tree , and holding an umbrella over a smaller girl looking up to him .
There ’s a male whale , and a male yak .
The females are background characters and all in dresses .
22 . THE TALE OF PETER RABBIT – M main characters , Peter and Mr. McGregor .
There ’s a F cat , but she does n’t do anything other than sit and twitch her tail .
Peter has 3 sisters , but they stay home while he has the adventures .
23 . OLD HAT , NEW HAT , by Stan and Jan Berenstein , 1970 – only characters are two male bears .
24 . GOOD MORNING , LITTLE BERT – Bert is M , and it ’s all about him .
25 . MAISY ’S BIG FLAP BOOK , by Lucy Cousins – main character Maisy is F , and has 2 M friends and one F friend .
Maisy wears overalls , and red / blue / green .
26 . COUNT ALL THE WAY TO SESAME STREET , 1985 – M characters : the Count , Big Bird , Bert , Ernie , Kermit , Grover , Oscar , and Telly .
F characters : Miss Finch ( the “ busybody bird ” ) and Prairie Dawn .
One character is U. 27 .
CARNIVAL RIDE – 6 M characters , 3 F .
28 . BAND IN PARADE – 7 M characters , 1 F , 2 U .
Same ES&S iVotronics Flipping Votes from Democrats to Republicans ( and others ) in At Least 4 States
Warnings About Thes Machines Issued Long Ago , Yet Dems Continue to Allow Their Use ...
Brad Friedman Byon
10/27/2008 , 12:28 pm PT
The Charleston Gazette reports still more ES&S iVotronic touch - screen vote flipping in WV , including reports now from Jackson , Putnam , Berkeley , Ohio , Monongalia , and Greenbrier Counties .
Add those to the reports of vote flipping on ES&S machines in at least four different states .
We 're also trying to find a moment to report on votes flipping in other states ( including NV ) on the Direct Recording Electronic ( DRE , usually touch - screen ) systems made by other private companies including Sequoia Voting Systems and Hart InterCivic .
Today 's report mentions that these are older ES&S machines .
We 'll again remind everyone that Dan Rather produced an hour - long investigative report two years ago in which he reported on the touch - screens that ES&S was using and how they were causing these same problems even then .
No one recalled those machines and now they continue to flip votes .
The DNC and Barack Obama campaign now tell us they are doing something about these problems " behind the scenes , " they just wo n't tell us what it is they are doing , and the machines continued to be used , and votes continue to flip in WV , so far always from Democratic to Republican , and officials continue to blame the voters ...
From the Charleston Gazette ...
...
Juan E. Gilbert , a professor at Auburn University 's Center for Governmental Services ... says the ways voting screens are set up cause problems .
Most voters who complained said their votes switched from Obama to McCain .
No one complained that their votes switched the opposite way .... Juan E. Gilbert , a professor at Auburn University 's Center for Governmental Services ... says the ways voting screens are set up cause problems .
" Some voters touching screens roll their fingers down the screen , trying to touch the names of the people they want .
It is human nature . "
People voting for Obama who do that , Gilbert said , may actually touch the area for McCain .
" But you cannot have John McCain losing votes to Barack Obama .
If you touch McCain 's name at the top of the screen , it will not switch to Barack Obama . "
" This problem will keep occurring .
Some voters notice .
But a lot do n't pay attention and might not notice . "
CNN even ran a report last week ( see video at right ) suggesting the problem was due to voters accidentally touching the choice next to the one they are trying to vote for .
That report does n't explain what happened in TN when an attempted vote for Obama lit up the choice for Cynthia McKinney five rows away .
It also defies what was shown in the Dan Rather report , as votes were seen flipping again and again , even when the neighboring candidate was not being touched at all by the voter .
But , either way , officials say " do n't worry " !...
" There are safeguards in the system .
Here , in Monongalia County , we have a seven - page ballot and a three - page review screen where the machine tells you what people you voted for .
" Voters can review their votes before a third screen comes up and says , ' Is this the vote you want to make ? '
Then , you have to hit the word ' confirm ' , " [ Monongalia County Clerk Carye L. ]
Blaney said .
Um , problem with that ?
A Rice University study showed us , two years ago , that of those voters who do manage to check their review screens at the end of the long process ( and the huge majority do n't ) , two - thirds of them do n't notice when their selections have been flipped to different candidates or initiative .
UPDATE 10/27/08 : WV 's Secretary of State gives an award to ES&S Vice President , even as their machines fail across her state .
Details here ...
Previous BRAD BLOG stories on ES&S vote flipping and other failures follows below , along with steps you can take should this happen to you since , apparently , you 're on your own , and the DNC will not be calling for these machines to be removed , or for you to be allowed to vote on paper ballots instead ...
Recent ES&S iVotronic Failures as covered by The BRAD BLOG :
What to do if it happens to you :
Call poll supervisors to observe the problem .
Fill out a problem report .
Refuse to vote on that machine .
Request that the machine be taken out of service .
Get a serial number of the machine if possible ( may be difficult in many cases ) .
Tell other voters in line which machine it was and that they should NOT vote on that machine !
Report it to county / town election office .
Report it to the Secretary of State .
Call local reporters and tell them the story .
Call voter problem hotlines ( eg. 866-MYVOTE1 and 866-OUR - VOTE ) and report it .
866-OUR -VOTE ) and report it .
Contact bloggers and Election Integrity websites .
Raise holy hell .
And again , people , please bring a video camera / cell phone camera when you go to vote so you can document these problems on video tape , and then upload them to VideoTheVote.org and YouTube !
( Thanks to VelvetRevolution.us and TrueVote.us for help in compiling these recommendations ! )
Depression may seem like unrelieved misery to its sufferers , but the author of a controversial new book insists the condition is highly beneficial to the human species and can ultimately lead to great achievements .
In a new appraisal of the disorder , an eminent consultant psychiatrist argues that , far from being a modern malaise , depression has been with us for thousands of years and survived because it can give people an increased resilience to cope with life 's challenges .
One in four of us will suffer from depression at some point in our lives , and one in 20 of us is currently living with it .
In Britain the economic cost of depression in terms of lost productivity is enormous , around £ 17bn a year .
Doctors are divided over why it is so common .
Dr Paul Keedwell , an expert on mood disorders at the Institute of Psychiatry in London , has written How Sadness Survived in order to understand why something that causes so much pain and disability has withstood evolutionary changes and still occurs so commonly .
' We see it as a defect - often patients see themselves as broken in some way - whereas I think of it as a defence mechanism .
It has simply adapted in the human species to actually give us some long - term benefits .
' Essentially , depression can give us new and quite radical insights - it can give us a way of responding effectively to challenges we have in life .
In its severe form it is terrible and life - threatening , but for many it is a short - term painful episode that can take you out of a stressful situation for a while .
It can help people to find a new way of coping with events or your situation - and give you a new perspective , as well as making you more realistic about your aims . '
Keedwell says there is good evidence from long - term studies , particularly a recently published population survey of Dutch adults , to show that , after their depression , many patients seem to be able to cope better with challenges .
' For most , their vitality , their social interaction and their general health actually improved on recovery - and so did their work performance .
I know from patients that it can also make you more realistic in your outlook ; you develop more empathy to those around you . '
But the Dutch study also showed that there was a minority who became worse after the first bout of depression , particularly those who were socially isolated before the illness , or where there was a drug or drink addiction .
Keedwell suffered a bad spell of depression in his thirties .
' It went on for months , but I did come out of it , and I think I was a better doctor as a result .
I certainly had more empathy with my patients .
It also made me put my problems into perspective and I probably had a little more humility . '
The book describes the creativity of those who have experienced dark periods of depression , such as John Stuart Mill and Winston Churchill .
Aristotle saw it as a state of immense moral and spiritual value because of the insights it could bring .
According to Keedwell , the strongest argument for depression 's usefulness ' lies in its ability to force us to take stock of ourselves and ask : " Why have I allowed myself to become so frustrated for so long ? "
If depression did not encourage us to reassess things , we would merely return later to the same battle . '
Faced with sobering conditions , companies that issue MasterCard , Visa and other cards are rushing to stanch the bleeding , even as options once easily tapped by borrowers to pay off credit card obligations , like home equity lines or the ability to transfer balances to a new card , dry up .
Big lenders  like American Express , Bank of America , Citigroup and even the retailer Target  have begun tightening standards for applicants and are culling their portfolios of the riskiest customers .
Capital
One , another big issuer , for example , has aggressively shut down inactive accounts and reduced customer credit lines by 4.5 percent in the second quarter from the previous period , according to regulatory filings .
Lenders are shunning consumers already in debt and cutting credit limits for existing cardholders , especially those who live in areas ravaged by the housing crisis or who work in troubled industries .
In some cases , lenders are even reining in credit lines after monitoring cardholders who shop at the same stores as other risky borrowers or who have mortgages from certain companies .
While such changes protect lenders , some can come back to haunt consumers .
The result can be a lower credit score , which forces a borrower to pay higher interest rates and makes it harder to obtain loans .
A reduced line of credit can also make it harder for consumers to manage their budgets , because lenders have 30 days to notify their customers , and they often wait to do so after taking action .
The depth of the financial crisis has shocked a credit - hooked nation into rethinking its habits .
Many families once content to buy now and pay later are eager to trim their reliance on credit cards .
The Treasury Department , which is spending billions of dollars in taxpayer money to clean up an economic mess brought on in part by all sorts of easy credit , recently started an advertising campaign inviting consumers to check into the “ Bad Credit Hotel , ” an online game that teaches the basics of maintaining good credit .
PALIN BECOMES DELUSIONAL ; FEELS VINDICATED ….
The news on
Friday night was fairly devastating for Sarah Palin : an independent investigation launched by the Alaskan legislature found that the governor had , in fact , violated the public trust in her Troopergate scandal .
She abused the powers of her office , violated state ethics rules , and lied about it .
This is pretty tough to spin .
In response , Palin , who is now apparently bordering on delusional , has decided to play make - believe .
Sarah Palin told Alaska reporters Saturday that she had been “ cleared of any legal wrongdoing , any hint of unethical activity ” in the investigative report released the day before that explored her actions in dismissing a state official who refused to get her ex-brother - in - law fired from the state police .
“ Well , I ’m very very pleased to be cleared of any legal wrongdoing , any hint of any kind of unethical activity there , ” Palin said on a Saturday conference call with reporters from the Anchorage Daily News , KTVA - Channel 11 and KTUU - Channel 2 .
“ Very pleased to be cleared of any of that . ”
I know , I know , after the last eight years , I really should be used to this kind of thing .
But I ca n’t help but find this breathtaking .
Either Sarah Palin is lying brazenly or she ’s functionally illiterate .
The very first finding in the report is that Palin “ abused her power by violating Alaska Statute 39.52.110 ( a ) of the Alaska Executive Branch Ethics Act … .
Compliance with the code of ethics is not optional . ”
Over and again , the report highlights instances in which Palin ’s conduct was at odds with Alaska ’s Ethics Act .
Palin read this and concluded she ’s been “ cleared ” of “ any hint of any kind of unethical activity . ”
So , before the report comes out , Palin issued her own report announcing that she ’d cleared herself of any wrongdoing .
After the report came out , and concludes that she ’d violated the public trust , Palin once again cleared herself of any wrongdoing .
ABC News ’
Jake Tapper added that Palin made multiple claims about the Troopergate scandal over the weekend , all of which were patently false .
John Cole summarized the problem nicely : “ I do n’t know how to react to this .
I really just do n’t .
When someone is that willing to look at you and just flat out make shit up and reject facts , there really is nothing you can do without driving yourself insane . ”
I ’d just add one other observation .
On Friday , Palin was found to have violated the public trust in an abuse of power scandal .
On Saturday , it was on the front page of the major dailies .
And on Sunday morning , NBC ’s “ Meet the Press , ” ABC ’s “ This Week , ” and CNN ’s “ Late Edition ” ignored the story altogether , despite lengthy discussions about recent political events , as if a major scandal involving a candidate for national office is n’t particularly interesting .
I ’ll simply never understand this .
Yes ,
I was one of the victim of WMA .
I sunk in $ 23000 into a VUL policy that took 7 % of the upfront fees from me .
The investment went bad and I am now not covered by the life insurance .
Do n't know what to do indeed .
David from San Jose
As many of you know , Gen. Colin Powell ( R ) endorsed Barack Obama on Meet the Press on Sunday .
It is something that many progressives have been hoping and waiting for for some time .
While it would be easy to dig into the partisan mud , the moment that struck me most was how the photograph of a Muslim soldier factored into Powell ’s endorsement .
“ I feel strongly about this particular point because of a picture I saw in a magazine .
It was a photo essay about troops who are serving in Iraq and Afghanistan .
And one picture at the tail end of this photo essay was of a mother in Arlington Cemetery , and she had her head on the headstone of her son ’s grave .
And as the picture focused in , you could see the writing on the headstone .
And it gave his awards –Purple Heart , Bronze Star–showed that he died in Iraq , gave his date of birth , date of death .
He was 20 years old .
And then , at the very top of the headstone , it did n’t have a Christian cross , it did n’t have the Star of David , it had crescent and a star of the Islamic faith .
And his name was Kareem Rashad Sultan Khan , and he was an American .
He was born in New Jersey .
He was 14 years old at the time of 9/11 , and he waited until he can go serve his country , and he gave his life .
Now , we have got to stop polarizing ourself in this way .
And John McCain is as nondiscriminatory as anyone I know .
But I ’m troubled about the fact that , within the party , we have these kinds of expressions . ”
The photo actually appeared in the New Yorker back in September .
It was n’t difficult to find .
It ’s a stark , moving image .
And speaks more truth than any political rally or campaign stop , Democrat or Republican .
And then I noticed the date of his birth .
It ’s a notable day .
Abraham Lincoln was born on February 12 .
As was Charles Darwin .
But as I write this it gets harder and harder for me to look at the image .
Kareem Rashad Sultan
Khan was born 20 years to the day after I was born .
I share my birthday was this hero , who has given more in his 20 years than I will give in an entire lifetime .
I ask , how many more need to die ?
Post by ILO on 10/20/08 at 4:15 pm
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac shares fell again Friday  and the broader stock market followed suit  as concern mounted that the government will be forced to take over the beleaguered mortgage finance companies , which some investors fear are at risk of default .
Even after a week of unprecedented losses , the companies ’ declines early Friday were the sharpest yet : Freddie Mac shares were down more than 50 percent early in the day before paring their losses in the afternoon .
Freddie Mac closed down 3.1 percent , at $ 7.75 .
Fannie
Mae stock fell as much as 49 percent before rallying and ended down more than 22 percent , at $ 10.25 .
Investors , meanwhile , snapped up debt issued by those companies , and the insurance premiums on those securities dropped sharply on the view that they would be protected by a government takeover .
Image Traders on the floor of the New York Mercantile Exchange .
Oil prices spiked above $ 147 a barrel on Friday .
Credit ... Chang W. Lee / The New York Times
The Bush administration sought to allay market fears .
The president , after meeting with his team of economic advisers Friday morning , said he was briefed on the situation by Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr .
Unnecessary Knowledge Useless facts on unkno.com
Ketchup was sold in the 1830s as medicine .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
October 3 , 2008
In House debate on the banker “ rescue ” bill , Rep. Brad Sherman told his fellow Congress critters the government will declare martial law and the stock market will drop 3,000 points if the bill is not passed .
“ The panic - mongers were to the point of telling people the market would drop 3,000 points and there would be martial law , ” said Sherman .
Sherman ’s comment was not in the same context as a comment issued by Rep. Michael Burgess earlier in the week .
Burgess , who appeared on the Alex Jones Show , said Pelosi threatened to invoke House rule XIII ( 6 ) ( a ) , described as “ martial law , ” intended to suspend normal procedures and safeguards and thus allowing the House leadership to operate in a more authoritarian fashion .
Sherman , however , said martial law would be declared on Wall Street , not in the House .
Rep . Sherman said the “ exaggerated fear - mongering turned out not to be true ” and the House “ can draft a good bill , ” regardless of the pressure put on representatives to pass the banker bailout bill .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The bailout plan is not only “ economic fascism , ” as Richard Viguerie has correctly noted , designed to loot the U.S. Treasury and reorganize and further consolidate elite control over the economy , but it is also a brazen effort to impose a martial law and dictatorship .
Paulson ’s role as financial dictator , not answerable to Congress or the American people , fully compliments additional steps taken over the last few years .
As former California congressman Dan Hamburg said earlier this year , the 2007 National Defense Authorization
Act gives the executive the power to invoke martial law in case of “ major public emergencies , ” not limited to “ a natural disaster , a disease outbreak , a terrorist attack , ” but also “ any other condition in which the President determines that domestic violence has occurred to the extent that state officials cannot maintain public order . ”
Obviously , a financial crash and ensuing social chaos of the sort now being implemented by the ruling elite would be characterized as a dire emergency and a near perfect excuse to impose martial law , a long standing goal of the elite .
As well , the Military Commissions Act of 2006 , codifying indefinite imprisonment of dissidents , and the National Security Presidential Directive 51 , ensuring the “ continuity of government ” in the event of a “ catastrophic emergency , ” are tools the government will most assuredly use after the economy implodes , now a foregone conclusion according to many economists .
Numerous Bilderberg pronouncements , dutifully reported here at Infowars and Prison Planet but ignored by the larger corporate media , reveal what the global elite have in mind for us — an engineered economic crash followed by a consolidation of wealth under fire sale conditions .
In order to successfully accomplish this , the elite must impose martial law and “ maintain public order , ” that is to say force the public to accept their terms by military force .
As the Army Times reported last month , a battle - hardened “ homeland ” brigade is now “ going domestic ” after spending time in Iraq .
It appears this illegal deployment ( under Posse Comitatus ) is designed to respond to “ public disorder ” as the economy is deliberately and cynically dismantled at the behest of our rulers who are now investing in the Treasury and the executive , with the complicity of Congress , dictatorial powers heretofore unheard of in America .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
227 % : The staggering interest rate on credit card designed to ' help ' families this Christmas
Britain's most expensive credit card , which carries an interest rate of 227 per cent , is being promoted as a solution for hardpressed families this Christmas .
The Easy Shop card is linked to Argos and offers one possible solution to parents who do not have the cash to buy presents for the children .
However , MPs and debt experts last night condemned the extortionate charges as ' wicked ' and warned struggling shoppers to reject the card .
Argos chiefs revealed last week that the company 's sales are running around 9 per cent down on this time last year .
A credit card with a 227 per cent interest rate is being promoted as a solution for hard pressed families this Christmas
The firm apparently believes that the Easy Shop card will help its bottom line in the crucial festive trading period .
A customer borrowing £ 100 on the card and repaying it over 27 weeks at £ 5 a week would pay a total of £ 135 , which equates to an APR - annual percentage rate - of 227 per cent .
The card is produced in association with the finance company Provident Financial .
The rate of 227 per cent is based not only on the interest that must be paid but also takes into account how the loan is repaid , the length of the loan , and the timing and amount of payments .
Retail giant Argos teamed up with Provident Financial to produce Britain 's most expensive credit card
The Liberal Democrat Shadow Chancellor Vince Cable MP described the marketing of cards and loans with such extortionate interest rates as ' wicked ' .
Dr Cable has been warning for ten years about reckless lending and spiralling personal debt , which now tops £ 1trillion .
He said : ' A lot of people are finding it increasingly difficult to borrow from the mainstream high street banks .
' Many may well feel they have to fall back on things like this .
There is a real risk of a very large number of people being exploited as a result . '
He said the policing of credit card interest rates in the UK has been ' utterly feeble ' .
Dr Cable said : ' In my view it is wicked to be promoting such high interest cards and loans at Christmas , when people feel under pressure . '
Personal finance expert at the website uSwitch.com , Louise Bond , warned people against using the Easy Shop card to buy presents .
' Despite the recession , life does have to go on but we strongly advise people not to be lured into this type of deal , ' she said .
' It may seem like a quick fix but will cost you dear in the long run . '
She added : ' Despite being attached to a well known high street brand , people should n't be fooled into thinking this is anything other than a sub - prime loan . '
Provident promotes the Easy Shop cards as a simple way to borrow and spend .
They suggest people might even want to give the cards to friends and family as a gift .
The firm 's website states : ' We have teamed up with high street retailer Argos to give you a great way to shop - the Easy Shop card ; a plastic card that lets you shop at Argos , without the worry of overspending . '
Agents from Provident call at the homes of customers to collect the agreed repayments every week .
Argos said the marketing of the card and vetting of customers is carried out by Provident .
Provident 's website promotes the card as a simple way to borrow and spend
A spokesman said : ' Purchasing a card of this nature provides customers who may not have access to other credit facilities with the opportunity to shop in our stores by securing a short - term loan . '
It said the use of the APR to show the interest charged gives a distorted impression of the cost of what is effectively a short - term loan .
> Argos said : ' By law , home creditors must advertise their lending rates as an annual percentage rate .
' Home credit companies have suggested for some time now that APR can be misleading because their loans are repaid over a short time period . '
Provident said : ' Our charging structure is fundamentally different to that of other lenders .
' Provident home credit has a single , up - front , fixed charge that customers see from the start , which includes interest on the loan , the cost of the agent 's weekly visit to the customer 's home and the fact that the total amount to repay will never go up - even if payments are missed . '
It said that other lenders do not include administration and penalty charges in APRs so comparisons were misleading .
The company added that it declined more than a third of loan applications last year .
Poll :
Most want church out of politics
For the first time in a dozen years , a majority of Americans believe that churches and religious institutions should “ keep out ” of politics , according to the annual Pew Religion and Public Life Survey .
It ’s the highest level of public concern with faith ’s effect on politics since Pew began asking the question in 1996 .
Advertisement
The rise in Americans ’ desire to separate religion and politics — from 44 percent in 2004 to 52 percent today — appears due to a surprising increase in conservative distaste for mingling the institutions — from 30 percent in 2004 to half of conservatives expressing the view today .
Among white evangelicals , 36 percent want religious groups to stay out of politics , a dramatic rise from 16 percent four years ago .
The findings come in the wake of the Saddleback Civil Forum on Saturday , when , in unprecedented fashion , both presidential candidates — Republican John McCain and Democrat Barack Obama — joined popular evangelical leader Rick Warren at his megachurch for their first back - to - back campaign appearance .
But the study , the most authoritative national survey of politics and religion , was conducted prior to event , July 31 to Aug. 10 .
Conducted on mobile and land line phones , the survey had a large national sample of 2,905 adults , with an overall margin of error of plus or minus 2 percentage points .
In the survey , released Thursday , about half of Americans who view gay marriage and abortion as “ very important ” voting issues say churches should not be involved in politics .
In 2004 , only one in four voters who saw gay marriage as a top issue said the same , while a third of those who saw abortion as a top issue agreed .
Overall , 48 percent of Americans believe that social conservatives wield “ too much ” influence in the GOP .
Yet older adults appeared most irked by the mingling of religion and politics .
Only 18 percent of Americans age 65 and older said churches should endorse candidates , while roughly a third of voters under age 50 believed a church support for a candidate was appropriate .
The public is also increasingly split over whether they feel “ discomfort ” when politicians discuss religion in the sphere of public policy , as both Obama and McCain did at length Saturday .
Yet more Americans — half in fact — still say it does not bother them “ when politicians talk about how religious they are . ”
Forty - six percent said they were offended .
American religiosity , however , remains no less prevalent .
The public appears to continue to support expressions of faith by public figures while feeling increasingly uncomfortable when that faith falls into the sphere of politics .
The public believes that a president should have “ strong religious beliefs . ”
Fully 72 percent say so today , a modest uptick since 2004 — including 85 percent of voters who attend church at least once a week and 66 percent of independent voters .
Equally , only 29 percent of the public believes there is “ too much ” expression of religious faith by political leaders .
At the same time , the public ’s perception of Democrats ' unfriendliness to people of faith has significantly improved , though the issue persists .
Today , 38 percent of Americans said they believe that the Democratic Party is “ generally friendly toward religion , ” up from a low point of 26 percent in 2006 and roughly a return to the public ’s view in 2003 .
And the finding will undoubtedly be welcomed by Democrats , who began a concerted effort following the last presidential election to at least partially mend the public ’s poor view of Democrats ' openness to people of faith .
Still , 43 percent of Americans believe liberals have too much control over the Democratic Party .
The public ’s perception that liberals hold too much control in the Democratic Party and social conservatives in the Republican Party has increased 5 percentage points in the past year .
The trend does follow the increasing religiosity of Republicans and the increasing secularization of Democrats , a pattern that has been developing for years .
Social conservatives continue to support McCain , the survey found , but not quite with the enthusiasm of President Bush four years ago .
Only 51 percent of registered voters who attend church at least once a week support McCain today , compared to 41 percent who back Obama .
In 2004 , 57 percent of weekly attenders backed Bush , compared to 38 percent who supported his Democratic opponent , Massachusetts Sen. John F. Kerry .
Yet it also appears that Obama has slightly less support among secular voters than Kerry had at this point in the 2004 race .
McCain , however , is winning white evangelicals at nearly the same rate as Bush four years ago and fully 9 percentage points ahead of Bush in 2000 .
Fully 68 percent of white evangelicals back McCain while only 24 percent back Obama , the same portion that supported Kerry in 2004 .
Twice the portion of white evangelicals , though , “ strongly ” backed Bush — 57 percent in 2004 — than back McCain today at 28 percent .
And that enthusiasm gap could muffle social conservative turnout for McCain on Election Day .
The poll , though , found that more Americans believe Obama “ shares my values ” than McCain , 47 percent to 39 percent .
Fully 57 percent of voters believe McCain has “ conservative ” or “ very conservative ” values , while 48 percent believe Obama has “ liberal ” or “ very liberal ” moral values .
That places Obama not as far to the political left as Bill Clinton , and McCain not as far to the political right as Bush .
Pew continues to find , however , that voters remain more socially conservative than liberal , positioning them nearer to McCain on “ moral values ” than to Obama .
While criminals thought it was based in Eastern Europe , the internet 's top English - speaking cybercrime forum was secretly run by the FBI from this building on the banks of the Monongahela River in Pittsburgh .
Photo : John Monroe Butler / Wired.com
The FBI on Friday boasted that its two - year long undercover operation against users of the crime forum DarkMarket netted 56 arrests worldwide and prevented $ 70 million in economic losses , publicly acknowledging the sting for the first time .
" In today 's world of rapidly expanding technology , where cybercrimes are perpetrated instantly from anywhere in the world , law enforcement needs to be flexible and creative in our efforts to target these criminals , " said FBI Cyber Division Assistant Director Shawn Henry in a statement .
" By joining forces with our international law enforcement counterparts , we have been , and will continue to be , successful in arresting those individuals and dismantling these forums . "
British police say they 've arrested five DarkMarket users in recent days , and 11 since the sting began in late 2006 .
The other arrests have been in Turkey , Germany and the United States , according to the FBI .
Spokesman Brian
Hale said the feds wo n't be going into more detail .
" We have released all the information in that release that we 're publicly going to discuss at this point in time , " said Hale .
DarkMarket allowed buyers and sellers of stolen identities and credit card data to meet and do business in an entrepreneurial , peer - reviewed environment .
It had 2,500 users at its peak , according to the FBI .
Documents uncovered by a German radio network on Monday first revealed that DarkMarket had been secretly run by an FBI cybercrime agent for the last two years , until its voluntary shutdown earlier this month .
The leader of the site , know online as Master Splynter , was in fact FBI cybercrime agent J. Keith Mularski , part of an elite seven - agent cybercrime unit based at the National Cyber Forensics Training Alliance in Pittsburgh .
DarkMarket members believed the site was operated from Eastern Europe , despite a 2006 warning from uber - hacker Max Ray Butler , known then as Iceman and Aphex .
Butler cracked the site 's server and announced that he'd caught Master Splynter logging in from the NCFTA 's office on the banks of the Monongahela River .
Butler ran a site of his own , and the warning was generally dismissed as inter - forum rivalry .
" even when Butler was arrested in San Francisco last year on credit card fraud charges , and shipped to Pittsburgh for prosecution .
It remains unclear whether Mularski took over the identity of a real cyberscammer , or if Master Splynter was his invention from the start .
Either way , the agent created a convincing persona for his undercover identity , sometimes publicly bemoaning arrests for which he was secretly responsible .
When he announced the site 's closure last month , he blamed increasing law enforcement attention .
To convey the flavor of Mularsi 's performance , the full text of his September 16 DarkMarket closure announcement follows .
Good day , respected and dear forum members .
It is time to tell you the bad news - the forum should be closed .
Yes , I really mean close ..... there are lots of reasons for it , and I have given this a lot of hard thought .
First of all , recent events have proven that even in our best efforts to expel and deactivate the accounts of suspected LE , reporters , and security agents , it is obvious that we have n't been entirely successful .
Over the last year we have lost a lot of the Admins of the forums : Iceman on Cardersmarket ; JiLsi and Matrix001 disappeared , and now , ChaO on DM .
It is apparent that this forum , which has been around almost three years , is attracting too much attention from a lot of the world services ( agents of FBI , SS , and Interpol . )
I guess it was only time before this would happen .
It is very unfortunate that we have come to this situation , because I think we 've done a great job in eliminating the rippers of the world , and we have established DM as the premier English speaking forum for conducting business .
Such is life ..... when you are on top .... people try to bring you down .
Although we have eliminated the rippers , it obvious that the Special Services and Security fucks are still here lurking in our ranks .
They continue to gather evidence on us .
They read our posts , they talk with our vendors , they look to see who are the active members of the forum .
These Special Services are gathering evidence on us and sending requests to our native countries to find out information on us .
It would be too long and cumbersome , not to mention fruitless , to try to keep the forum up and try to do a complete purge of suspected people .
For we have been attempting this for the last year .
Obviously , the effort is futile .
It is time to start fresh .
To quote and paraphrase King Arthur of Carder Planet ;
How clever can we be ?
We use many proxies and socks , however Special Services can find our VPN even in the most darkest corners of the world .
All of us are just people and all of us can make mistakes .
Iceman , ChaO and Maksik are prime examples .
We can forget to switch on the VPN , get frustrated with inconsistent proxies , or accidently give out Identifying informaiton .
It is not a secret that FBI employees go to the ISPs and get logs and history logs .
Because of it they can catch anyone , it is just the matter of time and will .
We do n’t hold the logs on our site but who knows , maybe cops are taking IPs of all people who connect to forum on the area where our server with site is located .
They can start processing of the most often occurring IPs ( sub - nets of the C class ) and the following scenario all of us know .
I myself would rather go out like King Arthur than Iceman .
Whereas Iceman decided that all he would do was change his nick to Aphex , and continue to run CM , King Arthur closed Carder Planet and faded into the night .
History has shown that Iceman made a fatal mistake , I will not make the same .
Because of this , I 've discussed the situation with the Admins .
Should we keep the forum up longer , or should we close it ?
This has not been an easy decision for me , because I have spent many long hours working on this forum and trying to make it the best it could be .
I 've thought about selling the forum .
However DM has been my soul .
How do you sell your soul ?
I have weighed the pros and cons , and it has to be closed .
It is what it is .
All good things come to an end .
Hosting is paid through Oct 4th , so the forum will function until then , and after that it will close .
I send out my regards all members
And for all the police and security fucktards ..... well ... fuck you all ..... MS .
See Also :
Not long after Nintendo released an updated firmware for the Wii which blocked numerous third - party mods , including the Homebrew Channel mod , the people behind Homebrew have responded with an update of their own .
The latest Homebrew channel mod has been released and works on the newest version of the Wii firmware .
On top of getting passed the protection mechanisms Nintendo put in place to stop the most recent batch of mods , the update also adds a few things that even the official hardware does not , such as support for SDHC cards .
Currently , the Wii can only use standard density SD cards , making larger sizes not usable .
Official support for SDHC is planned down the road .
Many have criticized Nintendo for working against the modding community , but in truth it is an industry - wide problem .
Microsoft and Sony have also worked against modders , to the point of lawsuits and shutting down people making a business out of modding .
Students are becoming uninterested as teachers become demotivated by politicised maths , according to a recent report .
" The UK 's maths economy which powers the financial services sector and wider industry is in danger of atrophy as fewer students study mathematics and attainment falls . "
So starts a damning report into mathematics education in the UK by the independent centre - right think tank Reform .
Their report ,
The value of mathematics , states that many students are turned off by the narrow teaching of mathematics , and that this has led to a generation of " lost mathematicians " .
These " lost mathematicians " earn £ 10,000 a year less than they would if they had completed a maths A - level , and this translates to £ 136,000 less over a lifetime .
The report concludes that this has cost the UK economy an estimated £ 9 billion since 1990 .
Even more damning is the statement : " Talk about ' eliminating poverty ' is futile if we do not find ways to eliminate the poverty of the mind that needlessly condemns so many children to low grade jobs , or no jobs at all . "
Reform came to its conclusions regarding " poverty of the mind " by conducting an analysis of all O - level / GCSE examinations since 1951 .
Between 1951 and 1970 , Reform found that these examinations required students to " think for themselves " far more than modern examinations .
Tests involved thought and initiative in algebra , arithmetic and geometry .
By 1980 , Reform says , exam questions were becoming simpler , and following the introduction of the GCSE , there was a sharp drop in difficulty and pass marks were lowered .
The problem , according to Reform , is the diminishing role of rigour in maths teaching and exams .
" Relevance has replaced rigour in the belief that this would make mathematics more accessible , " the report says .
It concludes that this has left students trained to answer " specific shallow questions " , but with no ability to apply their knowledge to new situations .
Reform recommends that rigour be brought back into the teaching of mathematics in order to provide a strong sequential approach to problems that builds up a " robust toolkit of cognitive and problem solving skills . "
( Interestingly , recent research by US researchers has shown that teaching maths using concrete examples can be less beneficial than teaching using rigour .
See the Plus article Impractical maths . )
Another problem , according to Reform is the focus on exam results and league tables .
The report concludes , unsurprisingly , that teachers focused solely on exam results become demotivated and that this has resulted in students ' lack of enjoyment of the subject .
( See the Plus article Understanding uncertainty : A league table lottery for information on the benefits and drawbacks of league tables . )
Typically for a think tank , their concern is expressed in terms of the potential financial damage resulting from a nation with poor maths skills :
" In the modern global economy , it is the combination of core techniques , flexible thinking , logic and initiative that will be critical to future success . "
While the global maths economy practices " power maths " and its members are becoming " Masters of the Universe " , UK workplaces are finding themselves short of people with basic mathematics skills and have to look overseas for recruits .
Moving mathematics from " geek to chic " must be the aim of a mathematics reform , states the report .
The way forward , it concludes , is to open up the way maths is taught by allowing institutions and individuals to explore their own abilities , rather than be tied to a centralised and politicised system .
After John Lewis accused McCain of fostering \ " hostility , \ " McCain called on Obama to repudiate the charge .
Civil rights icon says McCain stirs hate
Civil rights icon John Lewis compared Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) to George Wallace in a posting to Politico 's forum " The Arena , " accusing McCain of fostering “ an atmosphere of hate ” and “ hostility ” like the one that led to white supremacists ’ 1963 bombing of a church in Birmingham , Ala .
Lewis , a Democratic congressman from Georgia who has endorsed Sen. Barack Obama ( D - Ill. ) , pointed to “ the negative tone of the McCain - Palin campaign , ” and said the senator and his running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , “ are sowing the seeds of hatred and division . ”
Advertisement
McCain called the accusation “ shocking and beyond the pale ” and called on Obama to “ repudiate it . "
A spokesperson said Obama does not believe McCain " is in any way comparable " to Wallace .
Late Saturday night , the Georgia congressman issued another statement easing back on his earlier remarks .
Under the heading , " Rep. John Lewis Clarifies Misinterpretations of his Earlier Comments , " Lewis said : " A careful review of my earlier statement would reveal that I did not compare Sen. John McCain or Gov. Sarah Palin to George Wallace .
It was not my intention or desire to do so .
" My statement was a reminder to all Americans that toxic language can lead to destructive behavior .
I am glad that Sen. McCain has taken some steps to correct divisive speech at his rallies .
I believe we need to return to civil discourse in this election about the pressing economic issues that are affecting our nation . "
Lewis did n't accuse McCain of imitating Wallace , but suggested there were similarities .
His sharp words may be dismissed as those of a partisan Democrat in a campaign season .
But the former head of SNCC and hero of Selma is somebody who McCain has lavished praise upon over the years .
McCain , in a book he wrote with aide Mark Salter called “ Why Courage Matters : The Way to a Braver Life , ” had lauded the leadership of Lewis in the nonviolent civil rights movement .
Appearing with Obama at a forum at Rick Warren 's Saddleback Church in August , McCain included Lewis as one of " three wise men " he would consult as president .
" He can teach us all a lot about the meaning of courage and commitment to causes greater than our self - interest , " McCain said of Lewis .
Today , Lewis castigated McCain in the harshest of terms .
" George Wallace never threw a bomb , " Lewis noted .
" He never fired a gun , but he created the climate and the conditions that encouraged vicious attacks against innocent Americans who were simply trying to exercise their constitutional rights .
Because of this atmosphere of hate , four little girls were killed on Sunday morning when a church was bombed in Birmingham , Alabama . "
McCain quickly fired back hard , calling the comments “ a character attack against Gov. Sarah Palin and me that is shocking and beyond the pale . ”
“ The notion that legitimate criticism of Sen . Obama 's record and positions could be compared to Gov. George Wallace , his segregationist policies and the violence he provoked is unacceptable and has no place in this campaign , ” McCain said in the statement .
“ I am saddened that John Lewis , a man I 've always admired , would make such a brazen and baseless attack on my character and the character of the thousands of hardworking Americans who come to our events to cheer for the kind of reform that will put America on the right track .
McCain also put the onus on Obama to distance himself from the remarks : " I call on Sen . Obama to immediately and personally repudiate these outrageous and divisive comments that are so clearly designed to shut down debate 24 days before the election .
Our country must return to the important debate about the path forward for America . ”
Obama 's campaign distanced themselves from Lewis 's Wallace language but took a shot at Palin for some of her tough charges of late .
“ Senator Obama does not believe that John McCain or his policy criticism is in any way comparable to George Wallace or his segregationist policies , " said Obama spokesman Bill Burton .
" But John Lewis was right to condemn some of the hateful rhetoric that John McCain himself personally rebuked just last night , as well as the baseless and profoundly irresponsible charges from his own running mate that the Democratic nominee for President of the United States ‘ pals around with terrorists . ’
" As Barack Obama has said himself , the last thing we need from either party is the kind of angry , divisive rhetoric that tears us apart at a time of crisis when we desperately need to come together .
That is the kind of campaign Senator Obama will continue to run in the weeks ahead . ”
The full text of Lewis ' original statement , sent to Politico 's Fred Barbash , referee of " The Arena , " with the heading “ Rep. John Lewis On Hostility of McCain - Palin Campaign " : “ As one who was a victim of violence and hate during the height of the Civil Rights Movement , I am deeply disturbed by the negative tone of the McCain - Palin campaign .
What I am seeing reminds me too much of another destructive period in American history .
Sen. McCain and Gov. Palin are sowing the seeds of hatred and division , and there is no need for this hostility in our political discourse .
“ During another period , in the not too distant past , there was a governor of the state of Alabama named George Wallace who also became a presidential candidate .
George Wallace never threw a bomb .
He never fired a gun , but he created the climate and the conditions that encouraged vicious attacks against innocent Americans who were simply trying to exercise their constitutional rights .
Because of this atmosphere of hate , four little girls were killed on Sunday morning when a church was bombed in Birmingham , Alabama .
" As public figures with the power to influence and persuade , Sen. McCain and Gov. Palin are playing with fire , and if they are not careful , that fire will consume us all .
They are playing a very dangerous game that disregards the value of the political process and cheapens our entire democracy .
We can do better .
The American people deserve better . ”
ACORN says McCain rhetoric led to racist threats Nick Juliano
Published : Monday October 20 , 2008
Print This Email This Since its voter registration practices came under scrutiny this month , community organizers associated with ACORN and other groups have received an array of racist and threatening phone calls and e-mails , along with physical confrontations .
ACORN says these threats are a side effect of the explicit decision by John McCain and his Republican supporters across the country to make attacks on the group a central piece of their campaign strategy .
The group is attempting to defend itself from extensive accusations of voter fraud , arguing the GOP effort is nothing but an attempt to keep poor and minority voters away from the polls .
" This is a byproduct of this voter suppression campaign , " ACORN spokesman Brian Kettenring said Monday .
He called the threats and smears members of his group have faced " fearsome and egregious examples of what happens when you pursue the politcs of fear as your electoral strategy . "
The Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now , which typically lobbies for housing and other rights for low - income Americans , turns its sights to registering new voters before most elections .
This cycle , the group says it 's registered more than 1 million new voters .
Acknowledging its efforts have led to a relatively small number of fraudulent voter registration forms being returned to county boards of election , ACORN says it works with local authorities to flag incorrect forms and pursue criminal charges against employees who deliberately attempt to defraud the process .
Republicans and the McCain campaign have launched an array of incendiary , spurious charges against ACORN based on the small number of inaccurate forms it gathers .
Kettenring said the campaign has a " media component , including Fox News and apparently Lou Dobbs , " the CNN host .
The ACORN critics take " small kernels of truth " and builds on them , creating a " nasty by - product . "
That deliberate effort on the part of the GOP has coincided with confrontations from supporters in several states , including efforts to smear legitimately registered voters , racist e-mails and phone calls to organizers in several states and at least one death threat that is being investigated by the FBI .
Kettenring said an ACORN organizer in Cleveland received an e-mailed death threat traced to a man who displayed a McCain - Palin sign on his Facebook page .
The anti-ACORN campaign has reverberated beyond the group , as the GOP inflates a previous association with Democratic candidate Barack Obama into some kind of evidence of an ongoing relationship .
That 's led , in part , to threats to the safety of Obama supporters unaffiliated with the community organization .
A 58 - year - old Obama organizer in Wisconsin said she was physically attacked when going door - to - door on behalf of her candidate .
The Obama campaign is engaged in its own effort to beat back what it calls the " sham " anti-fraud efforts the Republicans are pursuing .
Noting the similarity to trumped up fraud allegations that were not pursued in 2006 by some of the US Attorneys who later ended up fired , the campaign has asked Attorney General Michael Mukasey to appoint the special prosecutor investigating that scandal to probe the current case .
Another conference call from the Obama campaign is scheduled for this afternoon to announce more efforts the campaign is making .
Whether it was brought on by the Queen 's indifference to the Poet Laureate 's work ( something he shares with 99.99 per cent of authors , of course ) or by critical reactions to his occasional public verses , writer 's block is a nasty condition to suffer from .
In an interview with The Independent yesterday , Andrew Motion revealed how it had struck in the middle of his laureateship , and how he was not prepared for the isolation of the job .
The " pressures and peculiarities " , he said , had a rocky effect on his life .
And the words just dried up .
Every writer will sympathise .
For when creative blockage sets in , the blank page before you grows to the size of a tablecloth .
The grey laptop screen seems to hum with malignity .
You feel you have nothing of interest or amusement to impart to the world .
Words refuse to shift – as they always have done hitherto – from the vast lexicon in your memory to the sentences half - forming in your brain .
You can't for the life of you remember why your character X has fetched up in a Wyoming mining town when , according to the plot , she should be falling in love with her tutor in Cambridge .
You have not the faintest clue how to begin the next chapter .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Some of the history 's most famous , and prodigiously fluent , authors suffered temporary cessations of text : Leo Tolstoy , Virginia Woolf , Ernest Hemingway , Joseph Conrad , Katherine Mansfield .
It is not a sign of weakness in artists ; it may just be a sign that they are taking themselves too seriously and that the nagging self - censor in their head is telling them their last two chapters / stanzas / scenes are less than Shakespearean .
Some writers are a little over - precious about finding le mot juste .
" You do n't know what it is , " groaned Gustave Flaubert to a friend , " to stay a whole day with your head in your hands , trying to squeeze your unfortunate brain so as to find a word . "
Poets like Motion are more susceptible than most writers .
Though " inspiration " is a mostly discarded concept , many poems begin ( according to poets ) when a number of images , words and phrases accrete like neutrons around a central , inchoate idea .
If that process of accretion does not happen , no poem .
Philip Larkin , whose role as resident bard at Hull University was later held by Motion , suffered intermittently from writer 's block all his life .
He wrote little poetry in his final years , and complained , " I have n't given poetry up ; poetry has given me up . "
Even as an Oxford undergraduate his writing fluency was sporadic : after Finals , he conquered his block by writing schoolgirl lesbian fiction .
The novelist John Fowles , whose books The Magus and The French Lieutenant 's Woman were international best - sellers , spent his last 20 years as a virtual recluse in Lyme Regis , constantly working on an epic novel called In Hellugalia , of which he wrote small fragments over several years , but in which he could never progress beyond the planning stage .
The most spectacular example of writer 's block , though , is that of Henry Roth , whose Depression - era novel , Call It Sleep , was written in 1934 .
Roth tried a second novel without success , and gave up writing to work as a firefighter , teacher and labourer .
After his book was rediscovered by readers in the 1960s , he resumed writing and , at 73 , began a series of novels called Mercy Of A Rude Stream .
The first , A Star Shines Over Morris Park , came out in 1994 , an amazing 60 years after its predecessor .
Numerous therapies are recommended for block - sufferers : keep a notebook , write as though sending a letter to a friend , go to the gym , eat apples in the bath ( Agatha Christie 's recommendation for kick - starting the imagination ) and start writing in the middle of your story .
None has been proved to work .
Just as bad as writer 's block , if less common , is its opposite : writer 's superfluity , when an author has no trouble summoning words but does n't know when to stop .
Instead of a blank sheet of paper , he or she ends up with a 300,000 - word monster of a manuscript that has n't done what the writer wanted it to .
Philip Hensher , novelist
Writer 's block is something that comes on very naturally when the tank is empty , especially at the end of a novel .
I 've had periods of more than a year when I could n't write any fiction at all but I always held my nerve and hoped that one day , in the not too distant future , I could write again .
It can be a nervous experience .
If you have n't written anything for 18 months it 's difficult not to think : what if I never write again ?
There are some things you can do to create something artificial to write about .
One thing I do is take the Tube to the end of the line , then walk back into the centre of London .
It 's hard not to find anything to write about doing that .
Meera Syal , comedian , playwright and journalist
The first [ draft , when working for film or television ] just flows , but the more people that get involved the more difficult it becomes .
That 's why , in some ways , writing a novel is easier , because it 's so utterly yours , though novelists usually miss out on the benefits of a good brainstorming session .
There does come a point when there 's no reason to sit in front of a computer ; you 're snow - blind .
When that happens I 'll play sport , or I 'll visit a friend and talk about nothing in particular , in the hope there 's some process going on in the back of my brain .
Or I might watch around a subject , so if I 'm writing a rom -com , I 'll line up rom-coms and sit down with a bar of chocolate .
Jeffrey Archer , novelist
I have never felt writer 's block , even though my home in Majorca is called ' Writer 's Block ' .
I know in my mind that I 'm booked to write Paths Of Glory and a set of short stories for the next two years .
But I did have some problems when I wrote As The Crow Flies , about an East End boy who makes it to Parliament .
My editor had said that a writer should always get themselves in the trickiest situation possible because the reader will not be able to see a way out .
So I had my character go to Australia to meet a person who would tell him everything , except he had died just three days before .
I spent 11 days thinking before I found a solution .
Michael Rosen , Children 's Laureate
If you get stuck in the middle of a poem the best thing to do is to leave it , which you might have to do for five years .
With a poem you do n't know what it 's about until it reveals itself to you , which could take some time .
This is , of course , completely different to having nothing to write about .
To avoid that I would suggest keeping a notebook .
If you maintain a notebook then , eventually , something will come out of all the collected fragments .
And read .
Absolutely read .
Anthony Beevor , historian
It 's certainly different between historians and novelists .
Novelists have an excuse , whereas historians do n't .
There 's always other work to be getting on with .
There are moments when structure , say , can present a problem , but you just have to get on with something else , and the solution will come to you in an alternative moment .
There can be times when the material you 're working on seems so appalling that you become psychologically depressed , but when it 's going well you have to follow the winning streak , often working very late to make up for the times when it is n't going so well .
Jilly Cooper , novelist
There 's a Rudyard Kipling quote from The Thorkild 's Song which goes : " There 's no wind along these seas , / Out oars for Stavenger ! " – and that 's what writer 's block is , really , simply putting one word in front of another , just as the sailors of the poem had to do with their oars .
What it is is a loss of confidence .
One thing that I might do if I can't write is go and back and read the synopses , all of which are longer than any of Anita Brookner 's novels , and then I tend to feel a slight restoration of faith .
Kathy Lette , novelist
Writer 's block sounds like a prison wing for authors who make too many puns – a punitentiary .
But it seems to me that women writers do n't have time for writer 's block .
Working mothers juggle so often , we could be in the Moscow State Circus .
If I get any time between taking my daughter to the dentist and stopping my son from disappearing up the stairs with the maths tutor , I can't wait to put pun to paper .
Only male authors and childless authoresses have the luxury of angst and ennui .
Michael Morpurgo , former Children 's Laureate
During my two years , I was quite dormant , but I did n't fight it .
I thought I would write about the process of writing instead .
Once you think about it as a " block " , it 's self - fulfilling .
The only way to manage it is say " I 'm not ready to write " .
I do n't sit down in front of a blank piece of paper without having a strong notion of where it is I want to go .
I have always looked for inspiration by filling my head with the stuff of life .
If I meet enough people , go to enough places , see enough films , then it works to prevent a block .
Will Self , novelist and columnist
I have never experienced writer 's block .
Writing is a muscular action and , like any other , all you need to do is exercise the muscles .
I do n't even think of it as writing – it 's typing .
Michèle Roberts , novelist and poet
It 's usually because I 'm afraid of what I 'm writing about .
In the case of my second novel I had great difficulty writing about incest , but as soon as I realised what I was scared of , and tuned into that , the block subsided .
Obama ahead in key battleground states John Byrne
Published : Tuesday September 23 , 2008
Print This Email This Sen. Barack Obama holds a small lead in four key battleground states -- Michigan , Minnesota , Colorado and Wisconsin -- according to a new poll conducted by Quinnipiac University .
" The best news for Sen .
Obama in the new surveys may come in Colorado , where he has moved to a four percentage point lead , 49 % to 45 % , after being down by a percentage point in August , " according to the Wall Street Journal .
" That means Colorado presents a good opportunity for Sen. Obama to swing a Republican state to his favor this year . "
President Bush won the state in 2000 and 2004 .
McCain 's best shot at turning a blue state red is Minnesota , where Obama enjoys just a two percent lead , well within the poll 's margin of error .
Obama enjoyed a 17 - point lead in the state in June .
Obama holds a four point lead in Michigan , the poll says , as well as a seven point lead in Wisconsin .
Both states went Democrat in 2000 and 2004 .
Read the full story here .
KABUL , Afghanistan ( CNN ) -- A U.S. helicopter was shot down in Afghanistan on Monday , but none of the 10 soldiers on board were killed , according to a U.S. military spokesman .
File image of U.S. UH - 60 helicopter in action .
The Taliban claimed that its fighters used a rocket - propelled grenade launcher to shoot down a U.S. UH - 60 helicopter in the Wardak province , about 30 miles ( 50 km ) west of Kabul .
Maj .
John Redfield , a U.S. military spokesman , told CNN a coalition helicopter went down in the Wardak province after an exchange of fire with enemy on the ground .
All 10 soldiers on board were picked up and taken to safety , he said .
He could not say if any were injured .
Meanwhile , a suicide bomber on Monday killed two soldiers and wounded three others in northern Afghanistan , a spokesman for the U.S. military in Afghanistan said .
The spokesman provided no further details .
An Afghan official said the incident took place as U.S. officials gathered to meet with the police chief in Pul - e - Khumri in Baghlan province .
One American soldier and an Afghan child were killed in the attack , Afghan officials said .
The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack .
Do n't Miss Attackers gouge out Afghan man 's eyes
Attackers gouge out Afghan man 's eyes Security guard blamed for Kabul shootings
Provincial Governor Abdul Jabar Haqbeen said a man wearing a police uniform detonated his explosive - filled vest when Afghan and American soldiers stopped him from entering the police chief 's office .
The chief and his American advisers were meeting inside at the time , Haqbeen said .
The bomber also died in the attack , which wounded four police officers , said Abdul Rahman Sayed Khaili , the province 's police chief .
Pul - e- Khumri is located about 130 miles ( 209 km ) north of the capital , Kabul .
Attacks in northern Afghanistan are rare where militants have , until now , been relatively inactive .
But officials say they are beginning to see a rise in incidents in the region and believe insurgents are gaining the support of the Pashtun minority there .
Journalist Farhad Peikar contributed to this report .
Young people want to be independent and want to get a driver ’s license when they are old enough .
The first
This is a manual showing defensive methods for Japanese girls to defend themselves against men .
A good reason to stay away from Japanese girls .
Of course I am kidding , however still need to be more careful 🙂
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Angsuman Chakraborty 11 Oct 2008 06:03 am
Moreover it will also put an end to a “ Bush ” controversy that is linked with embryonic stem cells .
This new invention is supposed to be a ground breaking safest technique as till now scientists were using retroviruses , to transform ordinary skin cells into iPS cells , which look and act like embryonic stem cells .
These retroviruses , are supposed to be a dangerous genes , as research shows that these integrate their own genetic material into the cells they infect causing tumors and other side effects .
Researchers of Shinya Yamanaka of Kyoto University in Japan and colleagues , the master mind behind this new method wanted to develop a safe technique which will help in developing embryonic stem cells .
And so , keeping this aim in mind they tried different methods on mice and eventually found that looping three genes into one plasmid and the fourth into another , helps the mouse embryonic cells to revert to a stem - like state and thus act as an embryonic stem cells .
New research done by the Japanese scientists reveals about a new and safest technique which helps in transforming ordinary cells into embryonic - like stem cells called iPS cells .
Related ?
In November Japanese researchers showed that adult human and mouse skin cells could be reprogrammed into stem cells similar to embryonic stem cells , which can be transformed into any type of cell .
These cells , called induced pluripotent stem cells ( iPS ) , has the potential to be a major step forward in using stem cells to cure a variety of diseases .
2007 's Nobel laureate for medicine renowned Italian - American scientist Mario Capecchi invented a novel technique to find out hidden stem cell within the pancreas .
A research article on this work has been published in the Proceedings of the National Accademy of Sciences ( PNAS ) .
Japanese researchers has succeeded in engineering stem cell taken from tooth germ to quickly develop into liver or bone tissues , local reports said .
A joint team of scientists from Osaka University and the National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology ’s Research Institute for Cell Engineering succeeded in repairing damaged liver and bones in rats using stem cell taken from wisdom tooth germ , the newspaper Daily Yomiuri reported .
Researchers in London 's Hammersmith Hospital have begun a pioneering trial using patients ' own stem cells to treat their chronic liver disease .
They are attempting to reverse cirrhosis of the liver by harnessing and enhancing the body 's own repair mechanism .
With an aim to find an immediate cure for diseases like autism and cystic fibrosis , Canadian and Japanese stem cell researchers are joining their forces together in a bid to accelerate the work on drug therapy development .
This news was revealed on 16th of October , 2008 by The University of Toronto and Japan 's Kyoto University informing that , Dr .
Invitrogen's , claimed today that it's new technology Dynabeads ® SSEA - 4 , help enable safer stem cell therapies .
Scientists from Invitrogen , a division of Life Technologies and the Buck Institute for Age Research , located in Novato , Calif. , collaborated in developing this innovative solution .
Ion channels discovered in human embryonic stem cells will make the cells safer for clinical use announced University of Hong Kong .
Embryonic stem cell is the only type of human stem cells capable of becoming all human cell types , including highly specialized cells such as brain and heart cells .
A new control over embryonic stem cells behavior have been invented , by the researchers from The Forsyth Institute .
The researchers claim that with this discovery they will be able to disrupt the natural bioelectrical mechanism of the embryonic cells which triggers cancer - like response .
L0rraine 609 ♥ who wish , support♥ 5133 left until the show ♥ Dildo in the pussy ♥
Cork in the ass ♥
Balls in the ass ♥ Dildo in the
behardxxx 125 404 fully naked !
Toys only in private and group chats .
LOVENSE ON
DreamaWelth 573 ■ Level 1 - Tip ( 1 - 14 ) 2 seconds ( Low1 vibrations ) Notice : ■ Level 2 - Tip ( 15 - 99 ) 6 seconds ( Medium vibrations ) Notice
_ Miss_love_ 319 CRAZY ​BIG ​BIG ​ SQUIRT - 300 tk ( one coin ) .
Drink im squirt - 500tK .
FUCK ASS - 500tk
CanDyCheRry22 77 " 1200 porn show , 139 tokens collected , left 1061 tokens " collect tokens for porn in public , connected two toys LOVENSE NO
- Alicia - 317 Привет Всем !
Кидайте токены - хочу улететь в космос ) ) )
Mistress_Ella 1898
The hostess wants attention !
the result is the first position in the rating , which means that you give a token , click he
FoxMonin 211 GOAL DILDO show 2568
Baaayyyy 217
Lovense works from 2 tokens , I like the highest vibrations from 100 tokens .
Show in group chat and full private !
GeraReby 833 slap ass x-10
lovesvetiks 12 Hi !
My name is Adel , add me to frend , and give love !
temptationLi 112
Saving up for a dream none t Camera - 35t ( 2 m ) , Legs - 40 , I like it - 50t , Lichka - 66t , Tits - 80t , Finger in the ass - 100t , Rem
princesakelly 117 princesakelly 's chat
Sladkaya_777 77 сильный оргазм 1550
-M-A-R-I-A- 149 HAIR PUSSY !!!
squirt1240 : I 'M MASHA ! HAIR PUSSYLovens from 2 tokens ) y- 1NAKED -202 ) ) WOW SQVIRT - 501 ) ) ) 51 - ultra vibro ,
Golden - Doll 67 4000 : 3259 : take off the top
Kristina153 124 Toys , Anal Pussy in private !
Lovens : 1 - 9 ( current ) 5 SEC ( LOW ) .. 10 - 24 ( current ) 15 SEC ( MEDIUM ) .. 25-49 ( current ) 30
A1ice_Red 236
Lovense in the pussy ( works from 2 tokens ) , tip - menu in profile .
Always glad to make you happy :)
--- Belka--- 239 Murmurman : Lovence is set to currents from multiples of 3 to 24 .
" Toys " , " full show " , striptease , plays with pusy / booty ,
Kossandraa 112 Kossandraa : Hello Lovens from 2 tokens )
We put love , not keep silent )
SoFieRoSe_ 218
On a dream : )
__NASTYA__ 1698 Show - Naked in Oil. 914 tokens .
Group chat only and full private chat .
Reply to private message - 55 tokens
BABYBuMM 264 pussy show for 220
RayLenee 970 Lush on !
Nora !
ass 99 // tits 299// feet 80//kiss for u 22//strip 888// More in pvt !
MilaBroock 220
Lets go crazy , im a sexy latina looking for some fun #anal # blowjob # footjob # fingering #heels # party #lest go !
CatsDuet 997 65 already collected , 1046 to creampie
kistochkaa 906 V
AnnaLorense 501 288 show with my favorite Dildo
miki560 882 Hello everyone )
Im Mika ) ❤️* level of lovence❤️*- 2,6,20,41,71,100 ULTRA,200,501,1000 Random 111 1 - 9 level , 222wave >333puls
SannaLi 628
Hi everyone !
I am Sanna and im new here :) #asian # 18 # shaved #teen #new #boobs #bigass #hot #horny #strip #naked #sexy
KatandLor 529 Finger in Lorenca pussy
SEX - THREESOME 945 vibro in pussy 2 tokens , put your music in the auto - DJ , tits 101 , pussy 102 , strapon 301 , doubledidldo 601 , squirt 501 le
Stella888 91 waiting for my lover who will please me 888 tk
MaisieDorothy 1882 x10 slaps ass 10
MeliMartinez 198 Spoiled girl : Pussy Close Up 79 tks||Cum Show [ none ] ||lush ON | |
anna - cute 337 bra off @ 111 im new here #new #bigass #bigboobs #bigtits
xxx - bit 237 Hi !
Im Lilya - u like my show - put up - for my page !
GOAL _ ASS PUNISH 1666
davinajones 252
Hey babe♥ let 's go to play ♥ I 'm your latin woman ☻
HelenaPrice 98 Special “ Private Show ” //
How dirty can I be ? //
At goal “ Double - Fun ” = Finger - Clit & Fuck Dildo // Cum if reach 1200 #
MillySky 26 MillySky 's chat
Anna_Shine 240 Hello ;-)
Levels for Lovense : 11 21 41 101 301 100 random 601 ( Wave ) 701 ( Pulse ) 801 ( earthquake ) 901 ( fireworks )
Sometime
Vikki100500 480 lovense 2 tok )
elizabethhe 8 only full privat and group .
lovens from 2 tk. random 25 tk
PaulinaRojas 68 I 'm new but naughty , let 's have fun until we get delicious !
SHOW PUSSY ...
Miu_Miu 281
Hi , I 'm Anya , undress 222t , show chest 55t , ass 66t .
I go to groups and full private
DontTouchMe- 1130 2342 happy pussy in cream #tip make me happy ( private show works for an initial fee of - 100 tokens --------100 tokens
FireMiss 400 FireMiss 's chat
officelady_ 342 lovenes in pussy , make me wet 49tok , 112 tok very nice , 444tok fly away , 888 I have an orgasm , 1111 i'm flowing .. give me
ALLIESMITH18 420 ALLIESMITH18's chat
- pushinka- 97 I'm an affectionate and gentle beast that needs to be tamed ) tame the beast 1978
Perfect_Lady 47 Hello )
My lovense work from 2 tkns .
cam 2 cam 30 tkns , tits 120 tkns , added in friends 15 tkns , pussy in pvt .
EvieRose 33 New Girl here that wants you to enjoy with her #new # bigbutt
When the World Wide Web was created in 1989 by Tim Berners - Lee ( not to be confused with the Internet itself , which is the core network developed many years earlier ) , its main objective was to enable the free exchange of information via interlinked hypertext documents .
Almost 20 years later , that objective has been accomplished on most parts of the world , but not in all of them .
Some countries are trying hard to keep an iron hand over the flow of information that takes place on the Web .
Below you will find the most controversial ones .
10 . Pakistan
The rundown
Pakistan started censoring the web in 2000 , when the main target was anti-Islamic content .
Over the time , it seems , they liked the possibility to control the Internet traffic , and have been increasing the scope of their censorship system ever since .
How does the censorship work ?
There are only three international gateways on the country , and all of them are controlled by the Pakistan Telecommunication Company .
The government , therefore , is able to monitor and block most unwanted traffic using filtering software ( although their technical apparatus is not sophisticated ) .
Internet service providers are also required by law to monitor the activity of their clients to make sure that they are not accessing prohibited websites .
What kind of content is blocked ?
In the first years of the web censorship in Pakistan , the main target was anti-Islamic content and websites that were related to political autonomy movements ( e.g. , the Balochi one ) .
In 2003 , however , the Pakistan Telecommunication Company declared that they would also officially block all pornographic websites .
In 2006 mainstream western websites , including Wikipedia and several newspapers , got blocked as well .
The intensification of the censorship was propelled by the episode of the Danish cartoons that contained images of the Prophet Muhammad .
9. Burma
The rundown
Burma , officially the Union of Myanmar , is a country characterized by severe human rights problems , so it would be hard to expect an open and reliable Internet adoption .
It is estimated that less than 1 % of its population has access to the web , and this happens via a handful of cybercafes , and always under tight surveillance .
How does the censorship work ?
Burma relies on a heavy regulatory framework to control the access to the Internet .
Computers that want to access the web need to be registered with the Myanmar Posts and Telecom company , and a fee must be paid as well .
The price of the Internet connections is also prohibitive for the largest part of the population , and broadband connections are almost nonexistent among the general public .
Additionally , they also have a filtering system at the ISP level , targeting mainly independent media websites .
What kind of content is blocked ?
Myanmar has an official Intranet , which is the only content available for many of its Internet users ( the ones using dial - up connections ) .
Only a small number of pre-approved websites are present there .
Free email services are also blocked , so people must use the state - owned service which is always monitored for keywords and sensitive content .
The main target of the censorship is political content that might go against the current government ideology .
8. Yemen
The rundown
The Yemen government is very hostile to the freedom of the media in general , and the Internet is no exception .
Political and social issues are always under their radar , although the digital infrastructure for the censorship here is not as advanced as in some of the other countries on our list .
How does the censorship work ?
The underdeveloped telecom infrastructure on the country acts as a natural obstacle to the free flow of information over the Internet .
Just like Burma , less than 1 % of Yemen ’s popular can access the Internet .
The ones who are able to pay for an Internet subscription face severe limitations nevertheless .
Service providers often prohibit the access to audio and video content , for example , because it would put an excessive load on their network .
The largest ISP on the country , controlled by the government , also makes use of content filtering software to block specific types of websites .
It is interesting to note that they only have a limited number of user licenses for the software , and if many people connect at the same time , some will get an unfiltered version of the web !
What kind of content is blocked ?
The censorship in Yemen is concerned mainly with blocking websites and material attacking the Yemeni revolution and it is political regimen .
Additionally , any website publishing anti-Islamic and pornographic content is also blocked on most Internet connections .
7. North Korea
The rundown
North Korea has managed to accomplish a really tough task given our time : they kept the Internet outside of the country borders !
For a country that has no independent media at all , however , it makes sense .
How does the censorship work ?
Basically there is no Internet in North Korea .
No servers .
No service providers .
Nothing .
Zip .
Only a handful elite members of the government have an Internet connection , and they have it via a satellite link that is connected with German servers .
Part of the population is trying to escape this iron curtain by using 3G mobile phones and Chinese connections .
This is not an effective solution , though , and even when it works the users would be subject to the Chinese censorship on the other end … .
What kind of content is blocked ?
Everything .
North Korea did n’t even have a top level domain extension until a while ago .
Now they do , and there are two websites registered on it .
Both governmental ….
Truth be told , they do have an Intranet which is accessible to a tiny part of the population .
Those amount to 50 or so web pages , however , and they are filled with content proclaiming the wonders of Kim Jung Il and his political ideals .
6. Syria
The rundown
The Syrian government admits that it automatically blocks websites with pornographic content and with politically sensitive information .
In reality the situation is much worse , and many journalists from around the world consider Syria to be one of the most repressive countries as far as the Internet is concerned .
How does the censorship work ?
Syria ’s first barrier to the information coming via the web are the social - economic problems of the country .
It is estimated that less than 2 % of the whole population subscribe to Internet services .
On top of that , they also exert a strong control over all the Internet Service Provides .
Crazy as it sounds , Internet users there are only allowed to use the the port 80 ( i.e. , the one used by your browser ) .
If you want to use other types of connections you need to have an authorization and pay a fee .
Want to setup a website and upload your files via FTP ?
Perhaps use Skype for VoIP ?
Forget it !
What kind of content is blocked ?
Any topic criticizing the current political ideology is heavily targeted by the censors .
Additionally , religious and pornographic content gets blocked at ISP level .
Syrya also blocks some mainstream websites like Hotmail , and there are reports that many blogs hosted on free services like Blogger were blocked in the past .
5. Cuba
The rundown
The Reporters Without Borders organization considers Cuba “ one of the world ’s 10 most repressive countries ” when it comes to online content .
The local access to the Internet is so controlled , and the punishment to dissent so severe , that they managed to create a state of self - censorship , where people do n’t even try to access prohibited material out of fear .
How does the censorship work ?
The Cuban government owns all the Internet Service Providers in the country , so they have access to all the traffic that goes around .
By employing a filtering software , they are able to block sensitive information .
Both websites and email messages get controlled before people can have access to them .
If that was not enough , the economic and social problems on the country make it generally difficult for anyone to have access to the Internet in the first place .
The sales of personal computers used to be illegal on the country until some months ago for example .
What kind of content is blocked ?
The main target of the Cuban censorship is political content that is against its socialist ideology .
In 1996 they already had a law banning from the Internet any material “ in violation of Cuban society ’s moral principles or the country ’s laws . ”
4. United Arab Emirates
The rundown
The United Arab Emirates is one of the most connected countries in the Middle East .
Despite that fact , the country tries to control heavily the flow of information on the web .
Virtually any website containing ideas or information that goes against the political , moral or religious values of the country is blocked .
How does the censorship work ?
All the telephone and Internet services used to be provided by the state - owned company Etisalat .
In 2006 The United Arab Emirates started liberalizing the telecommunications market , but they still have a strong hand on it .
They are therefore able to control and filter most of the Internet traffic .
Curiously enough , in 2002 a survey found out that 60 % of the Internet subscribers approved the filtering of online content at ISP level .
What kind of content is blocked ?
The United Arab Emirates is concerned with protecting the moral and religious values of the country mainly .
As such , they extensively filter websites that contain pornography , that are related to alcohol and drug use , gay and lesbian issues , online dating and gambling .
3. Saudi Arabia
The rundown
Saudi Arabia introduced the Internet on its country many years after other Arab countries , exactly because they did n’t know how they would be able to control the content .
Today they have a complex censorship system in place , and they even have laws criminalizing the access to websites that violate Saudi laws or Islamic values .
How does the censorship work ?
The censorship is carried by the Internet Service Unit ( ISU ) , which controls all the gateways of the Internet Service Providers on the country .
There is basically no Internet specific law on Saudi Arabia , so it falls under the press law , which states that the all publications need to have a governmental approval before publishing anything ( i.e. , they can shut pretty much anything down at will ) .
The technical part of the censorship is handled with the SmartFilter software .
What kind of content is blocked ?
The Saudi Arabia government states that is blocks around 400,000 websites from around the world .
Their main target anti-Islamic content , although pornography , gambling and women rights are also usually restricted
2. Iran
The rundown
The censorship of the web in Iran started several years ago , and today they are one of the most efficient countries on this respect .
The target ?
All non-Islamic websites , making Iran probably the country with the most extensive web censorship in the world .
How does the censorship work ?
Iran has an advanced semantic filtering system in place that identifies specific keywords and terms .
Working parallel with this system they have an official committee that is responsible for identifying and reporting any website that violates the Iranian laws and regulations .
The government is also trying to slow down , and sometimes even to ban the spread of broadband Internet connections on the country .
The objective is to “ protect ” its citizens from western cultural influences ( e.g. music , video and movies ) .
What kind of content is blocked ?
In 2006 the Iranian government was already blocking the access to several popular western websites , including YouTube , Amazon and Wikipedia .
Today , anything that contains sex , politics and religion is not allowed .
The number of blocked websites is estimated at over 10 million .
There are actual laws that require the media and online content providers to produce material goes promotes the state objectives and the Islamic culture as a whole .
Over 100 print and online publications have been shut down in the past for not complying with those laws .
1. China
The rundown
If you think that The Great Wall of China was already an incredible thing , you should take a look at what critics from around the world call “ The Great Firewall of China . ”
China has undoubtedly the most sophisticated censorship system in the world .
In the past they have been able to block all sorts of unfriendly websites , and even to silence movements like the pro-Tibet protest as if they never existed .
And do n’t think that only small bloggers are subject to China ’s power .
Even the almighty Google was forced to cooperate by creating a censored version of its search engine to be used by the Chinese .
How does the censorship work ?
The Great Firewall of China , contrary to other censorship systems , is decentralized and flexible .
They do n’t target whole domain extensions ( i.e. .com or .us ) or specific types of websites ( i.e. pornographic websites ) , but rather keywords .
In order to accomplish the herculean task of monitoring what the 220 million Chinese Internet users are doing , they have one of the biggest network of servers in the world , and a human task force that is estimated at over 30,000 heads .
The government also monitors closely the activity of Internet service provides and Internet cafes .
Over the last couple of years over 2,000 Internet cafes were indeed closed , and very few of them were able to re-open .
What kind of content is blocked ?
Politically sensitive content is the main target of the censorship in China .
Hot topics include Tibet , Taiwan and Tiananmen .
Many western content portals like BBC and Voice of America , for instance , are blocked by Chinese ISPs .
Pornography and terrorism related websites are also blocked .
Apart from blocking websites and restricting the access to specific types of websites , however , the Chinese government also invests a lot of money to promote the state - owned websites and to use the Internet as a propaganda vehicle .
Bonus : Australia
The rundown
Discovering that countries like Iran or Yemen are censoring the web is not a big surprise .
Most forms of independent media are already restricted there , and their levels of human rights are among the lowest in the world .
But what if we told you that Australia , one of the richest countries in the world , is also trying to censor websites inside its borders ?
Now that is scary !
How does the censorship work ?
In 2007 a bill passed giving the federal police the power to block the access to any website .
They already had a filtering system is place , but it was very limited in scope .
Many privacy groups and critics from the around the world claimed that this decision will directly threaten the freedom of speech on the Australian web .
What kind of content is blocked ?
The government claimed that the police will be blocking mainly phishing and terrorism related websites .
The problem is that the law brings a much broader definition for the potential targets : basically they can block any content that encourages , incites or facilitates criminal activity .
Some of the facts provided on this article come from the Internet Enemies section of the Reporters Without Borders site , and from the Access Denied report from the OpenNet Initiative .
We recommend that you visit them for more information on web censorship in general .
Crowd - funded gadgets , tech , games and other awesome Kickstarter products at the Forevergeek Kickstarter Store
OIL CITY , Pa. - For 16 years , real horror overshadowed the make - believe terror of Halloween in this Pennsylvania town , where trick - or - treating after dark was banned after an 11 - year - old girl was abducted off the street and murdered .
But on Friday , pint - sized witches , princesses and vampires will once again be shuffling from house to house at night , thanks to a petition drive by a fifth - grader .
Elizabeth Roess gathered signatures , wrote an essay outlining her argument , and persuaded City Council two months ago to bring back nighttime trick - or - treating .
" I was a little scared that happened , " Elizabeth said of the 1992 slaying of Shauna Howe , who was kidnapped while walking home from a pre-Halloween party .
But she added : " I did this and now I 'm so happy . "
For weeks now , children and their parents in this struggling , working - class town of 10,000 about 80 miles north of Pittsburgh have been eagerly anticipating Halloween 's return , though not without some trepidation .
Shannon Goodman got a tether to make sure her 2 - year - old daughter , who will dress as a witch , does n't wander off while they go door to door .
" It 's going to be a lot of fun , but every parent who cares about their kid should have that fear , " she said .
Fifteen - year - old Braden Craig said : " I have a gut - wrenching feeling something bad 's going to happen . "
The police department plans to have seven officers on duty Friday night , or about twice the usual number , in addition to four school security guards and all 10 of the town 's crossing guards .
" If this all goes well , that 's great , that 's fantastic .
I long for those days , too .
But the world has changed , " said Police Chief Robert Wenner , a father of five who was a patrolman when the murder occurred .
The local radio station has been running a public service announcement by Wenner urging parents to accompany their children , examine any candy before it is eaten and make sure kids wear reflective material .
The police chief said Shauna 's murder shattered the " Mayberry attitude " many people in Oil City had toward their hometown .
Shauna , whose family no longer lives in the area , was abducted on Oct. 27 .
Three days later , her battered body was found under a railroad trestle eight miles away .
With the town gripped by fear that a child killer was on the loose , trick - or - treating the next day was held in daylight for the first time .
Police watched from helicopters as parents led their children from house to house along quiet streets .
Residents also began locking their doors and driving their children to school .
And every year afterward , the City Council voted to allow trick - or - treating in the afternoon only , a move duplicated around the same time by many other U.S. cities and towns worried about children 's safety .
The Oil City murder remained unsolved until a witness came forward four years ago and police turned to DNA evidence .
Two brothers were arrested and convicted of murder and sexual assault .
A third man pleaded guilty to murder .
Hoping to move Halloween back to night hours , Elizabeth , her mother , grandmother and family friends gathered 175 signatures .
The 10 - year - old also wrote a paper in which she made her case .
Among her reasons :
Halloween decorations are best appreciated at night , and many people are n't home during the day to give out candy .
The council vote was unanimous .
Elizabeth plans on dressing up as a Goth princess bride .
" Unfortunately , Shauna 's tragedy seemed to define Oil City for many years , " Oil City blogger John Noel Bartlett wrote on his Web site .
" It 's time to move on . "
Posts
McCain Nabs Key al - Qaeda Endorsement Al - Qaeda is funny .
Well , not usually , but the jihadist group ’s announcement on Wednesday morning that it is endorsing John McCain in the 2008 United States presidential election is undeniably comical .
A posting on al - Hesbah , an extremist web site that has … Read More By JakeRake / October 22 , 2008
Al - Qaeda is funny .
Well , not usually , but the jihadist group ’s announcement on Wednesday morning that it is endorsing John McCain in the 2008 United States presidential election is undeniably comical .
A posting on al - Hesbah , an extremist web site that has been tied to al - Qaeda , declared : " Al - Qaeda will have to support McCain in the coming election , " because he is likely to continue the " failing march of his predecessor . "
Wavering between complete obliviousness and self - awareness in its most absolute form , al - Qaeda is in a position that must be making a bunch of people pretty uncomfortable .
No American politician wants to be linked to the organization responsible for September 11 , and there is no doubt that the terrorist group knows that .
With al - Qeada ’s announcement comes a barrage of attempts at rationalization :
Is al - Qaeda endorsing McCain because they actually want him to win , or are they using reverse psychology in hopes of disparaging McCain and driving voters into Barack Obama ’s court ?
If that is the case , what would they have to gain from an Obama presidency ?
Or what if al - Qaeda is actually not aware of the horrible connotations that come with any mention of their name and believe themselves to be making a serious endorsement ?
What ’s going on with these guys , anyway ; does a , al - Qaeda central governing body even exist anymore ?
The al - Hesbah post continues with what has become standard - issue anti-America terrorist punditry , claiming that the group is considering launching an attack on America at some point in the weeks leading up to the election , believing : " It will push the Americans deliberately to vote for McCain so that he takes revenge for them against al - Qaeda , " said the posting , attributed to Muhammad Haafid , a longtime contributor to the password - protected site .
" Al - Qaeda then will succeed in exhausting America . "
The whole situation is great ; it ’s like that episode of The Simpsons where Homer attempts to be nice to Ned Flanders but ends up destroying his life .
Killing through kindness …classic .
Pow ! is a software development environment for Microsoft Windows .
It allows the generation of native Windows applications using the hybrid object - oriented programming language Oberon - 2 . Included in the package is an Oberon - 2 compiler developed by Robinson Associates .
Pow !
offers all the functions known from other programming environments : a multi-document - editor , embedded compile - and link calls , integrated make - and build - algorithms for project - management and online help for the environment , the programming language Oberon - 2 and the enclosed programming library Opal .
Additionally , Pow ! supports Java ( using the JDK ) and C/C ++.
Who needs Pow ! ?
Everybody who would like to use a high - quality integrated development environment for Java or Oberon - 2 should have a look at Pow ! .
( And did we mention that it is available free of charge ? )
Java Users : Pow ! is a comfortable environment around the command line oriented tools which come with Suns JDK .
Compilation and program invocation are available at the touch of a button while the integrated editor allows to view and edit multiple source files at the same time .
Oberon - 2 Users : Pow ! offers a full implementation of the language Oberon - 2 . Pow ! is therefore the ideal choice for anyone who would like a native Windows based development environment for Oberon - 2 . Pow !
also includes the Oberon - 2 library OPAL , which makes it easy to create native Windows programs without getting into contact with the Windows API directly .
Oberon - 2 is a very good choice for programming lectures .
It offers both conventional and object - oriented programming paradigms and is very restrictive in its syntax ( it is " type- safe " ) , a property important for beginners in programming .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Earlier this week , Profy.com ’s Svetlana Gladkova sent an email reminding me that Google ’s Chrome Browser was one month old .
How time flies , and how quickly we forget : or at least I did .
After my initial few posts and thoughts , Google Chrome has fallen off my attention radar since it is not available for my preferred computing platform – OSX X .
I typically divide my browsing time between Safari and Camino .
[ digg=http://digg.com/tech_news/Google_Chrome_One_Month_Later]
I have checked it out occasionally by booting it up on Windows running via Parallels on my MacBook .
Apparently , I am part of the median : Svetlana has been tracking the usage using Google Analytics , Clicky and Net Applications has seen a gradual decline in the usage .
Gone is the download Chrome link from the Google home page .
She points out that there are some fixes the browser needs and as a result Google might be quietly taking a step back .
( Related Post : Why Chrome is n’t a killer browser just yet . )
Svetlana is right in being cautious on the chances of the Google browser , though I am not sure how to view the fact that it now accounts for about 5.6 % of the traffic to GigaOM and now ranks as the fourth most usage browser .
Across our network , here Chrome ’s share of total visits by site : 6.13 % ( jkOnTheRun ) , 5.78 % ( OStatic ) , 5.06 % ( WebWorkerDaily ) , 3.09 % ( NewTeeVee ) , 2.43 % ( Earth2Tech ) and 2.24 % ( The Appleblog ) .
[ If you want to share information about your website / service in comments , it would be pretty cool . ]
Those numbers can of course mean many things , like I have a lot of readers at Google .
Of course , they remind me that I need to use Windows more often .
Jokes aside , I think Google is n’t likely to give up on this browser for anytime soon .
There are many reasons why they wo n’t let it become their Waterloo .
Google has realized that web is no more a mere collection of plain web pages or simple interface to databases .
If not today then sometime in the near future we would expect equality in the experience ( if not feature parity ) between desktop and web applications .
It is a future where browsers ca n’t be just html renderers but containers for a runtime environment .
Anyway follow Svetlana – I have a sneaky suspicion she would be following Chrome ’s progress ( or lack of it ) for a while .
If you had purchased £ 1000 of Northern Rock shares one year ago they
would now be worth £ 4.95 ; with HBOS , earlier this week your £ 1000 would have been worth £ 16.50 ; £ 1000 invested in XL Leisure would now be worth less than £ 5 ; but if you bought £ 1000 worth of Tennents Lager one year ago , drank it all , then took the empty cans to an aluminium re-cycling plant , you would get £ 214 .
o based on the above statistics the best current investment advice is to drink heavily and re-cycle .
Once again , we 're facing the most important election of our lifetimes .
( Funny how those keep coming along . )
By now , you 've probably figured out who you 're voting for in the big presidential campaign , but we imagine that you might not be so sure about all those names further down the ballot .
And then there are all those propositions that often end up doing just the opposite of whatever their special - interest supporters tell you they mean .
Well , we 're from the Media Elite , and we 're here to help .
With early ballots going out this week , it 's already time to start voting .
So we 've picked through the ballot and come up with the races that we think matter enough or are competitive enough for us to weigh in .
Please note that the list is not comprehensive ; most legislative districts are so one - sided that our picks would n't make a difference .
On top of that , there are races / affirmations involving judges , justices of the peace , constables , precinct committee people and dogcatchers that we 're not addressing .
( Well , OK , we do n't actually vote for dogcatchers . )
If you do n't see your candidates on our list , you 're on your own , although we invite you to visit our campaign Web site , ScrambleWatch.com , to learn more about many of our would - be leaders .
President of the United States : Democrat Barack Obama
If the bungled war in Iraq , the failure to finish the job in Afghanistan , the pathetic response to Hurricane Katrina and the ever - spiraling national debt have n't yet persuaded you that Republican rule of our country has been a complete and utter disaster , then perhaps the looming economic catastrophe that lawmakers are now trying to avoid through a $ 700 billion bailout will open your eyes .
It is , as they say , time for a change , America - - a sentiment that even Republican John McCain shares , although he seems to be offering mostly the same - old , same - old when he talks about his actual policies on the campaign trail .
Barack Obama represents real change - - a health - care proposal that does more than offer tax credits , a tax plan that does more than offer big breaks to the same wealthy Wall Street cheats who have nearly wrecked the economy with their greedy wizardry , and an international policy that may not alienate the rest of the world .
Once upon a time , we admired John McCain 's principled stand against the insanity of the Bush tax cuts , his willingness to speak out against religious bigots like Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell , and his sincere belief in crafting a real solution to America 's border mess .
But unfortunately , as long as he remained a maverick , he was n't going to win the GOP nomination for the presidency of the United States .
And so this man , who wants us to believe he would n't put politics before the welfare of the nation , tossed aside those principles in pursuit of the White House .
The absolute worst example ?
His decision that of all the people in the entire nation eligible to be president , the best qualified to be his running mate was Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin .
This was nothing more than a political calculation designed to excite the GOP base .
It certainly had nothing to do with finding the best and the brightest to take over the country should something happen to him .
Palin can't even handle an interview with the press corps -- is she really able to handle negotiations with other countries ?
Vote Barack Obama for president .
Congressional District 8 : Democrat Gabrielle Giffords
When we endorsed Gabrielle Giffords in 2006 , it was a leap of faith based on what we knew about her .
As a member of the minority party in the Arizona Legislature , Giffords had n't had a chance to build a long list of legislative accomplishments , although we admired her voting record on environmental and health - care issues and her level - headed style .
Two years later , Giffords has proven herself to be a politician in touch with the needs of Southern Arizona .
Giffords stepped up when the Border Patrol wanted to build a massive permanent station on the edge of Green Valley .
She stepped up when the Federal Emergency Management Agency wanted to include much of Marana in a floodplain , and she 's earned an enthusiastic endorsement from Marana 's Republican mayor as a result .
That 's real constituent service from an accessible lawmaker .
And while Democrats in Congress have n't been able to accomplish many of their national goals -- improving health care , ending the Iraq war , reforming the broken immigration system -- the blame for that rests with both parties , not just the Dems .
We respect what Republican Tim Bee has done for Southern Arizona during his time in the Legislature .
But much of what we admire about him -- his understanding that government can help those less fortunate through education and social services -- is lost on most members of his own party .
We 're also disappointed with his tacit approval of bigotry by allowing Proposition 102 to get on the ballot .
As we mentioned before , GOP rule of this country has been a disaster .
This is not the time to give the keys to Congress back to them .
Pima County Board of Supervisors District 3 : Democrat Sharon Bronson
We support Bronson in the general election for the same reasons we supported her in the primary :
In her 12 years in office , she has been a solid vote for protecting the fragile Sonoran Desert while balancing the inevitability of development .
She helped the county find firm financial footing so it can weather the current economic downtown without needing to slash services for the people who need help the most .
And she has found ways to deliver for her constituents , whether here in Tucson or out in Ajo .
Yes , she can be a bit bristly at times , and she did n't do enough initially when her fellow Democrats asked the county for election databases , but that is n't enough for us to consider supporting her Republican opponent , Barney Brenner .
Vote for Bronson .
Pima County Sheriff : Clarence Dupnik
Clarence W. Dupnik has been Pima County 's sheriff for 28 years , and this year is challenged by Republican Harry Shaw , a former law - enforcement officer and corrections official .
Sure , for the last five years , Dupnik has gone over his budget by several million dollars each year -- but Dupnik is no Sheriff Joe Arpaio .
County officials have gotten to know Dupnik over the years , and when immigration and border issues have gotten ugly , the Board of Supervisors and community activists have been able to successfully work with Dupnik and his department leaders .
It 's better for us and our border partners to work with the cowboy we know -- and who has done a capable job for almost three decades -- rather than a cowboy who 's just hitting the rodeo circuit .
Vote Dupnik .
Pima County Attorney : No Recommendation
Sorry , but we just can't bring ourselves to endorse anybody in this race .
Incumbent Barbara LaWall , a Democrat , is being challenged by Republican Brad Roach and Green Party candidate Claudia Ellquist .
LaWall wants a fourth term , and we 're not convinced she deserves it .
She knows Roach well :
He is a former deputy in the Pima County Attorney 's Office who was suspended by LaWall during the Stidham murder - trial debacle .
LaWall 's office was an absolute embarrassment during that episode , as LaWall had to hand the prosecution over to Pinal County due to a web of internal relationships that she says she knew nothing about .
LaWall 's handling of the Pima County Democratic Party 's lawsuit against the Board of Supervisors was lame , too .
The advice given to the board by the county attorney 's office was ineffective and often seemed pointless , costing Pima County taxpayers hundreds of thousands of dollars .
Roach paid the price for battling LaWall in the Stidham mess .
But that does n't mean we are eager to vote for the guy .
Frankly , he has not done anything to prove he 's ready to become the Pima County attorney , and he seems to be trying to milk the election - integrity cloud hanging over Pima County to his political advantage .
LaWall deserves a real , fully qualified challenger , and we do n't find that in Brad Roach .
Perhaps a protest vote for Ellquist is the way to go ; that decision is up to you .
Legislative District 26
Senate : Democrat Cheryl Cage ; House : Democrats Nancy Young Wright and Don Jorgensen
Legislative District 26 is a vital swing district to the Democrats ' hopes of winning the Arizona House of Representatives and narrowing the gap in the Arizona Senate .
At a time when the state is facing a severe economic crisis , we need someone who has a better solution than simply cutting taxes and slashing government spending .
Cheryl Cage is an experienced businesswoman who believes in developing a working government , not simply starving it until it 's too crippled to function any longer .
She wisely calls for protecting education during the current economic crisis and opposes more tax cuts that will only force the state to sink even deeper into a financial hole .
She also wants the state to stop bickering about whether guns belong on elementary - school campuses and start tackling the bigger questions that face us :
How do we best reform water policy ?
How do we pay for transportation ?
How do we ensure that all Arizonans have access to decent health care ?
Nancy Young
Wright proved herself during her tenure on the Amphi School Board , where she rooted out a culture of corruption and insider dealing ; voters eventually booted out the old guard that tried to intimidate her into silence .
We 're confident that she would continue to support the right causes -- protecting the environment , improving education and providing health care to Arizona 's least fortunate .
Don Jorgensen , who is making his first run for public office , also impresses us with his understanding of the health - care industry and his support for education , the environment and clean energy .
The GOP slate of candidates -- Al Melvin , Marilyn Zerull and Vic Williams -- offer a lot of rhetoric about smaller government and the magic of the free market .
Well , we 've seen in recent weeks just how well that deregulated free market works out -- as long as taxpayers are there to provide a $ 700 billion bailout .
Legislative District 30
Senate : Republican Jonathan Paton ; House : Democrat Andrea Dalessandro
In his two terms in the House , Jonathan Paton has pushed for government accountability .
He has n't tried to cripple government , but has instead tried to find ways to make it work better .
We do n't agree with him on everything -- he's too willing to believe that all tax cuts will automatically benefit the overall economy -- but he has pushed to open government records to the press , fixed loopholes that left private medical records at risk and fought for reform of Child Protective Services to ensure that the agency works more closely with law enforcement when children are in danger .
Besides , since Republicans are almost certain to hang on to their majority in the Arizona Senate , it would be helpful to have at least one experienced lawmaker in the GOP caucus from Southern Arizona who has proven he can work with Democrats and battle for Southern Arizona 's interests .
Paton 's Democratic opponent , Georgette Valle , seems to have her heart in the right place -- but the former Washington state lawmaker was consistently criticized by Seattle - area media as being ineffective and unaccomplished in office .
While we admire Valle 's heart , the last thing Southern Arizona needs is an ineffective representative in Phoenix .
Although you have two votes in the House race , we 're urging you to vote for just one candidate : Democrat Andrea Dalessandro .
This single - shot strategy increases the possibility that Dalessandro will beat out at least one of her GOP opponents , Frank Antenori and David Gowan , for one of the two seats .
Not only would a Dalessandro victory help the Democrats in their fight to retake the House ; it would also prevent at least one of the Republicans from taking office .
Both Antenori and Gowan are far too eager to slash government spending , whether it's on programs that help battered women , provide health care or protect the environment .
Both Republicans offer simple solutions because they can't be bothered to study up on how government works .
We 'll be stuck with at least one of them ; it would be of great benefit to Southern Arizona if we were n't stuck with both .
Arizona Corporation Commission
Republicans Marian McClure and Barry Wong , Democrat Paul Newman
We are thoroughly unimpressed with Democrat Sam George , a name - changing , media - dodging political weasel if ever there was one .
And his running mate , Sandra Kennedy , is n't much better .
So we 're endorsing Republicans Marian McClure and Barry Wong .
While we disagree with her on a few votes , McClure has done a great job representing Southern Arizona in the Legislature , and we believe she 'll do the same on the Corporation Commission .
Wong has already served a brief stint on the Corporation Commission and understands the issues that the ACC faces .
Like McClure , he supports the commission 's alternative - energy portfolio that requires utilities to produce a portion of their power from renewable sources .
Democrat Paul Newman -- who has done good work as a Cochise County supervisor -- is the only Democrat in this race who deserves your vote , although he loses points for allying himself with Kennedy and George .
Like the Republicans , Newman supports requiring utilities to produce more energy from renewable sources .
Proposition 100 : Protect Our Homes : No
Every once in a while , there 's talk about overhauling Arizona 's increasingly outdated tax system by , say , decreasing the overall sales - tax rate but extending the tax to cover services and goods that are now free of taxes .
( The conversation never goes beyond talk , because any changes would require a two - thirds vote of the GOP - dominated Legislature , so reform remains an academic exercise . )
One of the ideas that comes up occasionally is a real - estate transfer tax that would essentially be a sales tax on the purchase of property -- homes , commercial properties and vacant land .
Although the talk never goes anywhere , Arizona 's real estate agents have decided that they 're tired of even hearing about the threat of a new tax , so they 've put Prop 100 on the ballot to block it from ever coming to pass .
We 're not eager to see a 5 percent tax put on a home purchase -- we fear that home ownership will be out of reach of too many people for a long time to come -- but we 're still against this one because a small tax , if it were implemented properly , could help diversify the state 's tax base .
Plus , in general , we do n't like special interests junking up the state Constitution .
Vote no .
Proposition 101 : Freedom of Choice in Health Care Act : No
Here 's a prop that purports to protect your freedom to choose your own doctor , blah blah blah .
That 's a smokescreen .
The real aim of the proposition : to make it more difficult for the state to ever implement any kind of universal health care .
With the private health - care system quickly degenerating into a disaster for anyone who actually gets sick and needs help , we do n't think this is a step in the right direction .
This initiative would protect nothing while prohibiting many potentially good things .
Vote no .
Proposition 102 : Marriage : No !
We remain mystified by the argument that amending the Arizona Constitution to limit marriage to being between one man and one woman will " protect " marriage .
If marriage is indeed under assault , the problems stem from hetero couples who can't work things out , not from gays and lesbians who want to make lifetime commitments to one another so they can have their own families .
This is bigotry , pure and simple .
Vote no .
Proposition 105 : Majority Rules : No !!!
This is the absolute worst proposition on the November ballot .
Its very name is a bald - faced lie ; it has far more to do with minority rule than majority rule .
Prop 105 would require any proposition that includes a tax increase to pass with a majority of all registered voters -- not just the voters who happen to cast a vote in the election .
In other words , everyone who stays home -- or who remains on voter rolls after dying or moving elsewhere -- gets counted as a " no " vote .
We 've seen a lot of cynical and deceptive campaigns , but never have we seen a campaign so full of bullshit .
The people behind this are foul greedheads who care for nothing besides the almighty dollar .
And because they know that a majority of voters are sometimes willing to raise their taxes when they have a chance to pay for improvements in education or health care , they want to change the rules so a minority can enforce its will on the majority .
Do n't be fooled by these assclowns .
Vote no .
Proposition 200 : Payday Loan Reform Act : No
We can buy , almost , the payday - loan industry 's argument that they fill a niche that banks do n't by offering small loans that help folks who are living paycheck to paycheck cover unexpected expenses , such as car repairs .
That said , we 're also well aware that payday loans trap too many people in a disastrous cycle of debt .
And this particular reform comes from the payday industry itself , which means they 're trying to write their own regulations before the law allowing them to exist expires .
Call us crazy , but that seems like a really lousy way to make policy .
If payday lenders are going to be regulated , it should be by the state Legislature , not by the payday - loan industry itself .
Vote no .
Proposition 201 : Homeowners ' Bill of Rights : No
This was a tough call .
This prop , which grew out of a dispute between unions and homebuilders , would require all new homes to come with a 10 - year guarantee that they would be free of major defects .
Given that a home is the biggest investment that most people will ever make , new houses should be free of problems -- and there are some bad actors out there in the homebuilding crowd that construct some lousy homes .
But here 's the problem :
This initiative may just go too far in the other direction , and it would lock in new requirements that can't be adjusted by the Legislature , because lawmakers can't toy with voter - passed initiatives .
While we like the idea behind this , we have to recommend against it .
Prop 202 : Stop Illegal Hiring : Yes
Another tough call .
Arizona 's lawmakers like to boast that Arizona has the toughest employer - sanctions law in the country .
We 're not so sure that 's a good thing .
When you threaten to shut down businesses based on decisions made by human - resource managers who are using an unreliable E - Verify system , you 're not just threatening the guys at the top :
You 're threatening the livelihood of all the workers who are going to end up out of work when their company gets shut down .
While we 're hesitant to support initiatives like this because the Legislature can't make adjustments , Stop Illegal Hiring ( yes , the name is deceptive ) gives businesses a less - draconian set of laws while still punishing bad actors -- a necessary adjustment to the current employer - sanctions law that would never get passed in the right - wing - dominated Legislature .
Vote yes .
Prop 300 : State Legislators Salaries : No
The state 's economic picture is such a mess that even some lawmakers are saying they do n't deserve a raise .
We have to agree ; this is not the time to boost their pay from $ 24,000 to $ 30,000 a year .
Maybe next time ... depending on what they do to us between now and then .
Vote no .
Proposition 400 : South Tucson Dog Protection Initiative : Yes
Let 's call a spade a spade :
While some supporters of this initiative say that they 're not trying to put the Tucson Greyhound Park out of business , the vast majority of Proposition 400's proponents would be giddy with joy if the track closed its doors for good .
Prop 400 is fairly simple :
In South Tucson , it would ban the practice of feeding dogs uncooked meat that comes from animals that were diseased , dead or dying before going to slaughter ; it would ban the practice of shooting up dogs with anabolic steroids ; and it would make it illegal to keep any dog in a cage smaller than 35 inches high , 45 inches long and 35 inches wide for longer than 18 hours in any 24 - hour period .
Prop 400 may not be perfect -- we've heard rumors that at least one veterinarian would have to rebuild a caging area if it passes -- but its aims are modest , reasonable and humane .
Plus , given TGP 's recent checkered history -- which includes handing over more than 140 dogs for " adoption " to a handler who cannot account for their whereabouts ; suing a local anti-TGP activist ( a Weekly contributor who has nothing to do with our endorsements process ) in a failed intimidation attempt ; and even screwing over a family who had a benefit at TGP -- we have little sympathy for the track .
We encourage South Tucsonans to vote yes on Prop 400 .
Proposition 403 : Tucson Unified School District Budget Override : Yes
For good reason , Tucsonans have collectively moaned and groaned about the state of the Tucson Unified School District -- but now that former TUSD Superintendent Roger Pfeuffer is gone , and new school - board members are entering the picture , it 's time for the community to shut up and step up , and give the new leadership a chance .
Elizabeth Celania - Fagen , the new superintendent , has entered the fray with sleeves rolled up and a fresh perspective .
The override of the district 's $ 578 million budget will provide TUSD with $ 28 million a year for five years , and a smaller amount for two more years .
The Investing in Our Kids Committee , which supports Proposition 403 , claims the owner of a home in Pima County valued at $ 177,800 would pay about $ 128 a year in support of the override .
Arizona ranks 49th in education spending , thanks to our Republican legislators who'd rather argue about gay marriage and illegal immigration than do the right thing for the children of Arizona .
Proposition 403 supporters say that because legislators have put us in this position , we need to help ourselves through the override .
They 're correct .
Vote yes .
I could live with defeat , says embattled McCain
US presidential candidate John McCain tried to shrug off disappointment that his ' friend ' and fellow Republican Colin Powell has come out in support of his Democratic rival for the White House , Barack Obama .
Speaking moments after General Powell , the former Republican Secretary of State , had endorsed Mr Obama , Mr McCain said : ' I do n't dwell on it .
I 've had a wonderful life .
I have to go back to Arizona and live with a wonderful family , and daughters and sons that I 'm so proud of .
' Do n't feel sorry for me ' ' : John McCain says he is the ' luckiest man alive '
' I'm the luckiest guy you have ever interviewed and will ever interview .
I 'm the most fortunate man on earth , and I thank God for it every single day . '
If he lost , he said , ' do n't feel sorry for John McCain and John McCain will be concentrating on not feeling sorry for himself ' .
Senior aides fear General Powell 's ringing endorsement for Mr Obama could be the turning point in the final two weeks of the election .
His backing could boost the foreign policy and national security credentials of the Illinois senator and appeal to moderate and independent voters .
The retired four - star general said he considered Mr Obama an ' inspirational leader ' and criticised Mr McCain for choosing someone as inexperienced as Sarah Palin for his running mate .
Mr McCain did not directly comment on Gen Powell 's decision other than to say it came ' as no surprise ' .
Backing Barack : Former Republican Secretary of State Colin Powell favours Democrat Obama over his own party 's candidate John McCain
Earlier , he said he was happy to be trailing Mr Obama in the polls .
' I love being the underdog .
You know , every time that I 've gotten ahead , somehow I 've messed it up .
' We 're going to be in a tight race and we 're going to be up late on election night .
I 'm confident of that .
I 've been in too many campaigns not to sense that things are headed our way . '
The one bright spot in Mr McCain 's gloomy weekend - which also saw Mr Obama announce he had raised a record £ 75 million last month - came in a new poll which saw Mr McCain narrow the gap on his rival .
The Reuters / C- SPAN / Zogby poll had Mr Obama slipping three points in his lead over Mr McCain following the third and final TV debate .
Mr Obama still leads by 48 to 45 and pollster John Zogby said the numbers were good news for Mr McCain .
He had appeared to have solidified his support within the Republican base - where nine out of 10 voters now back him - and was also gaining ground among the independents who may play a decisive role on election day , 4 November .
Quick guide :
Ifill , moderator : Terrible .
Yes , she was constrained by the agreed debate rules .
But she gave not the slightest sign of chafing against them or looking for ways to follow up the many unanswered questions or self - contradictory answers .
This was the big news of the evening .
Katie Couric , and for that matter Jim Lehrer , have never looked so good .
, moderator : .
Yes , she was constrained by the agreed debate rules .
But she gave not the slightest sign of chafing against them or looking for ways to follow up the many unanswered questions or self - contradictory answers .
This was the big news of the evening .
Katie Couric , and for that matter Jim Lehrer , have never looked so good .
Palin : " Beat expectations . "
In every single answer , she was obviously trying to fit the talking points she had learned to the air time she had to fill , knowing she could do so with impunity from the moderator .
But she did it with spunk and without any of the poleaxed moments she had displayed in previous questions .
The worst holes in her answers - above all , about the Vice President 's role , also either mishearing or ignoring the question about her " Achilles heel " - were concealed in ways they have n't been before .
: In every single answer , she was obviously trying to fit the talking points she had learned to the air time she had to fill , knowing she could do so with impunity from the moderator .
But she did it with spunk and without any of the poleaxed moments she had displayed in previous questions .
The worst holes in her answers - above all , about the Vice President 's role , also either mishearing or ignoring the question about her " Achilles heel " - were concealed in ways they have n't been before .
Biden :
No mistakes .
This is a bigger deal than it seems , since Biden could easily have seemed bullying , condescending , chauvinistic , or whatever .
He did n't .
And while he was woolly - sounding in the beginning , he was commanding and authoritative - from his side 's perspective - on issues of foreign policy and constitutional balance .
And to all appearances sincere in his choking - up near the end when talking about having a child in peril .
Overall , do n't see how he could have balanced all the conflicting pressures on him much better .
: .
This is a bigger deal than it seems , since Biden could easily have seemed bullying , condescending , chauvinistic , or whatever .
He did n't .
And while he was woolly - sounding in the beginning , he was commanding and authoritative - from his side 's perspective - on issues of foreign policy and constitutional balance .
And to all appearances sincere in his choking - up near the end when talking about having a child in peril .
Overall , do n't see how he could have balanced all the conflicting pressures on him much better .
The race : No fundamental change .
Which is better news for Obama than McCain .
That 's all for instant - analysis .
On to the next debate .
Update : How was it , considered strictly as a debate ?
Of course Biden did a far better job -- he answered the questions rather than moving straight to talking points , he drew on a vastly broader range of factual references , he attacked his opponents in ways that were relevant to the subject under discussion .
But this is not how the event was being watched or scored .
China is planning to build a string of new dams in southern
Tibet to boost its electricity supply , the region 's chief of water resources told the Guardian .
Hundreds of millions of people across Asia depend on rivers that originate in Tibet , and previous hydroelectric proposals have proved controversial because of their impact on the environment , local people and communities downstream .
But officials in Lhasa argue the dams are the least damaging way of providing power and raising living standards in the region .
" Tibet is rich in water resources and has good potential for setting up more hydropower stations and dams , " said Baima Wangdui , director of the region 's water resources department .
" With the economic development of Tibet we need more resources .
We will take great care in protecting Tibet 's natural life and consider the [ impact ] on society . "
They add that hydropower is cleaner and more efficient than coal , oil , gas or nuclear power stations to generate electricity .
A 2003 study by the ministry of water suggested it could generate 1,800bn kilowatt hours a year in Tibet .
The director said he did not know exactly how many dams would be built in the next decade because there was no detailed planning as yet .
But he added that experts were considering sites .
" We have n't got any hydropower stations set up along big rivers like the Brahmaputra , but in the future we will consider setting them up on these sites , " he said .
" The upper reaches of the rivers it is forbidden to develop ; the middle reaches [ in places like Lhasa and Xigatze ] are more populated and can have limited development under certain conditions and can keep the balance with environmental protection ; the lower reaches of those rivers in the deep valleys and some remote areas are the main part we are developing . "
Zhuang Hongxiang , an official at Tibet 's environment bureau , added : " We are trying to solve the electricity shortage and do the least damage to our environment . "
She argued that environmental impact assessments at the planning stage and careful supervision would ensure that the projects did not cause damage , particularly given that exploitation of Tibet 's rich water resources was low to date .
But Tashi Tsering , a researcher on Tibetan water resources at the University of British Columbia , warned that assessments did not recognise the full impact of damming .
While they consider local biodiversity , they frequently failed to consider water quality and roles played by free - flowing rivers such as nutrient recycling .
" The rivers and mountains where these dams will be built and new reservoirs will inundate are often considered sacred .
" Resettlement and compensation cannot solve the issue , " added Tsering , at the Institute for Resources , Environment and Sustainability .
He said the government shelved a hydropower project at a sacred lake in east Tibet two years ago after opposition .
" It 's not that the Chinese government 's policies are immovable , but it requires strategic planning and campaigning from local people , journalists and environmental groups , " he said .
Aviva Imhof , campaign director at the International Rivers Federation , said : " The headwaters of most of the major rivers of Asia are in Tibet , so damming them could have implications downstream . "
My wife and I are expecting , and thus we have to pick a name for our new baby .
We ’ve perused baby name websites and tried the Freakonomics tactic of predicting popular names , but to be honest none of it was really working .
As a Googler , though , the answer should have been obvious – let the Internet do it !
So that ’s what we ’re doing , opening up our baby ’s name to an Internet - wide vote . *
In the next couple days I ’ll also put up a live graph of the results .
If you ’d like to learn how to use Google Docs and Spreadsheets to put a poll on your site ( or name your baby ) , check out this post .
Feel free to send this link to your friends , put it up on social news sites , or write about it on your blog – the more votes the better .
Loading …
If you ca n’t see the poll , follow this link to get to it .
EDIT : Here ’s a little preview graph , with the most popular boys ’ and girls ’ names so far .
I ’ll add a graph with user - suggested names soon too .
DOUBLE EDIT : I ’ve moved the graphs to the next page , so as not to influence the voting .
TRIPLE EDIT :
The form is n’t working for some readers , it looks like all the visitors from neatorama have taken Docs by surprise .
I ’ll talk to some folks at work tomorrow .
If you ca n’t see the form , please try back again a little later .
If you subscribe to my blog you ’ll see an update when I ’m sure everything ’s okay .
* We do reserve the right to ignore the results of the poll completely .
Otherwise we ’ll end up with a kid named Mr. Splashy Pants .
Actually , that has a nice ring to it …
Related Posts via Taxonomies
The NYPD Internal Affairs Bureau is investigating an explosive allegation made by a Brooklyn man who says five cops beat him and then sodomized him with a walkie - talkie antenna inside the Prospect Park B and Q subway station .
One NYPD source tells the Daily News , " This is a bad one .
It looks like one of the cops inserted his radio antenna in the victim 's rectum . "
Lawyers for the man , a 24 - year - old tattoo parlor employee named Michael Mineo , say that he was smoking a joint on his way to the subway at around 12:30 p.m. on October 15th when police confronted him .
Mineo fled to the station , where the cops apprehended him by the turnstile .
According to his account , an officer placed his knee on Mineo ’s neck as others punched and kicked him .
While he was held down , Mineo says one officer pulled down his pants , while another shoved a police radio antenna into his rectum .
He also claims one of the officers yelled , " Do n’t do it !
Do n’t do it !
No , no , no , no . "
NYPD spokesman Paul Browne tells the Times that investigators interviewed two civilian witnesses , whom he says contradicted the allegation : " Witnesses said they heard him say two things , that he was being sodomized and Tasered , and they saw neither . "
But a police source tell the News that one witness did see Mineo 's bare buttocks .
In a statement , Browne added that Mineo 's complaint is being investigated , but " his assertion that he was sodomized is not supported by independent civilian witnesses on the scene . "
After the alleged assault , Mineo was given a desk appearance ticket charging him with disorderly conduct .
He was then taken to the hospital by his boss , Jason Amolsch , who also lives with Mineo .
He was released after five days , and while his lawyer has not yet released the medical report , a source tells the News that a medical discharge summary listed the principal diagnosis as " anal assault . "
As part of the inquiry , an unidentified investigator tells the Times that police officials had removed an item , which he would not identify , from one of the officer ’s lockers and sent it for testing .
The Times also notes that in 1987 , Mineo 's lawyer , Stephen Jackson , was a lawyer for one of the advisers to Tawana Brawley , a 15 - year - old black girl from Wappingers Falls , N.Y. , whose claims of being abducted and raped by a group of white men were found to be a hoax .
In this case , Mineo is white and the police involved in the incident are reportedly white , black and Hispanic .
And the News points out that Mineo has been arrested four times in the past four years , most recently in April on assault charges .
That arrest took place at the tattoo parlor after Mineo and four others allegedly kicked and punched a man , bloodying his head and knocking out a tooth .
Another victim in the confrontation says Mineo struck him with a wooden stool , according to the Times .
That case is still open .
Photo courtesy Andrew Odom .
Teaser trailer for Angels & Demons .
The team behind the global phenomenon The Da Vinci Code returns for the highly anticipated Angels & Demons , based upon the bestselling novel by Dan Brown .
Tom Hanks reprises his role as Harvard religious expert Robert Langdon , who once again finds that forces with ancient roots are willing to stop at nothing , even murder , to advance their goals .
Ron Howard again directs the film .
When Langdon discovers evidence of the resurgence of an ancient secret brotherhood known as the Illuminati -- the most powerful underground organization in history -- he also faces a deadly threat to the existence of the secret organization 's most despised enemy : the Catholic Church .
When Langdon learns that the clock is ticking on an unstoppable Illuminati time bomb , he jets to Rome , where he joins forces with Vittoria Vetra , a beautiful and enigmatic Italian scientist .
Embarking on a nonstop , action - packed hunt through sealed crypts , dangerous catacombs , deserted cathedrals , and even to the heart of the most secretive vault on earth , Langdon and Vetra will follow a 400 - year - old trail of ancient symbols that mark the Vatican 's only hope for survival .
Duration
1 min 16 sec
Views
788,788
Posted On
October 30 , 2008 Director
Ron Howard
Writer
Dan Brown
Studio
Columbia Pictures
Release
May 15 , 2009 Cast
Tom Hanks
Ayelet Zurer
Ewan McGregor
Pierfrancesco Favino
Stellan Skarsgård Trailer Tracks
No Music Available Columbia Pictures
Thriller
Franchise / Epic / Trilogy
Book
Teaser
Tom Hanks
Ayelet Zurer
Reckless consumption comes at a high cost , the report warns
The planet is headed for an ecological " credit crunch " , according to a report issued by conservation groups .
The document contends that our demands on natural resources overreach what the Earth can sustain by almost a third .
The Living Planet Report is the work of WWF , the Zoological Society of London and the Global Footprint Network .
It says that more than three quarters of the world 's population lives in countries where consumption levels are outstripping environmental renewal .
This makes them " ecological debtors " , meaning that they are drawing - and often overdrawing - on the agricultural land , forests , seas and resources of other countries to sustain them .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The report concludes that the reckless consumption of " natural capital " is endangering the world 's future prosperity , with clear economic impacts including high costs for food , water and energy .
Dr Dan Barlow , head of policy at the conservation group 's Scotland arm , added : " While the media headlines continue to be dominated by the economic turmoil , the world is hurtling further into an ecological credit crunch . "
The countries with the biggest impact on the planet are the US and China , together accounting for some 40 % of the global footprint .
The report shows the US and United Arab Emirates have the largest ecological footprint per person , while Malawi and Afghanistan have the smallest .
The map shows hectares ' worth consumed in goods and services
" If our demands on the planet continue to increase at the same rate , by the mid-2030s we would need the equivalent of two planets to maintain our lifestyles , " said WWF International director - general James Leape .
In the UK , the " ecological footprint " - the amount of the Earth 's land and sea needed to provide the resources we use and absorb our waste - is 5.3 hectares per person .
Nature loss ' dwarfs bank crisis '
This is more than twice the 2.1 hectares per person actually available for the global population .
The UK 's national ecological footprint is the 15th biggest in the world , and is the same size as that of 33 African countries put together , WWF said .
" The events in the last few months have served to show us how it 's foolish in the extreme to live beyond our means , " said WWF 's international president , Chief Emeka Anyaoku .
" Devastating though the financial credit crunch has been , it 's nothing as compared to the ecological recession that we are facing . "
He said the more than $ 2 trillion ( £ 1.2 trillion ) lost on stocks and shares was dwarfed by the up to $ 4.5 trillion worth of resources destroyed forever each year .
The index tracks population trends in 1,161 populations of 355 mammal species
It shows an average 19 % decrease , with the most serious declines in the tropics
The report 's Living Planet Index , which is an attempt to measure the health of worldwide biodiversity , showed an average decline of about 30 % from 1970 to 2005 in 3,309 populations of 1,235 species .
An index for the tropics shows an average 51 % decline over the same period in 1,333 populations of 585 species .
A new index for water consumption showed that for countries such as the UK , the average " water footprint " was far greater than people realised , with thousands of litres used to produce goods such as beef , sugar and cotton shirts .
" In Britain , almost two thirds [ 62 % ] of the average water footprint comes from use abroad to produce goods we consume , " said Mr Leape .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A person familiar with Mr. Geithner ’s thinking who was not authorized to speak publicly said that there was “ no secret handshake ” between the New York Fed and Goldman , describing such speculation as a conspiracy theory .
Furthermore , others say , it makes sense that Goldman would have a presence in organizations like the New York Fed .
“ This is a very small , close - knit world .
The fact that all of the major financial services firms , investment banking firms are in New York City means that when work is to be done , you ’re going to be dealing with one of these guys , ” said Mr. Langevoort at Georgetown .
“ The work of selecting the head of the New York Fed or a blue - ribbon commission  any of that sort of work  is going to involve a standard cast of characters . ”
Being inside may not curry special favor anyway , some people note .
Even though Mr. Fuld served on the board of the New York Fed , his proximity to federal power did n’t spare Lehman from bankruptcy .
But when bankruptcy loomed for A.I.G.  a collapse regulators feared would take down the entire financial system  federal officials found themselves once again turning to someone who had a Goldman connection .
Once the government decided to grant A.I.G. , the largest insurance company , an $ 85 billion lifeline ( which has since grown to about $ 122 billion ) to prevent a collapse , regulators , including Mr. Paulson and Mr. Geithner , wanted new executive blood at the top .
They picked Edward M. Liddy , the former C.E.O. of the insurer Allstate .
Mr. Liddy had been a Goldman director since 2003  he resigned after taking the A.I.G. job  and was chairman of the audit committee .
( Another former Goldman executive , Suzanne Nora Johnson , was named to the A.I.G. board this summer . )
Like many Wall Street firms , Goldman also had financial ties to A.I.G .
It was the insurer ’s largest trading partner , with exposure to $ 20 billion in credit derivatives , and could have faced losses had A.I.G. collapsed .
Goldman has said repeatedly that its exposure to A.I.G. was “ immaterial ” and that the $ 20 billion was hedged so completely that it would have insulated the firm from significant losses .
How Do You Get The Test Score You Need …On The First Try ?
Answer :
You know , ‘ trial and error ’ test prep and studying the wrong content leads to failure .
It forces you to start test preparation over again from scratch .
That means preparing the second or third time with shattered confidence , paying testing fees again and postponing your educational and career aspirations .
Obviously , if you failed using your current study guide book , you need more effective test prep materials .
You deserve to succeed on your exam without sales hype or half - truth marketing promises .
You need the most effective review and practice materials you can get your hands on .
How ?
The secret is not a secret .
Just find out what people who were successful on your exam did and emulate it .
First , get help from former test takers who took and specialize in your specific exam .
Pick their brains .
Use books and practice tests written by real test takers who succeeded on your exam and have trained hundreds ( or even thousands ) to pass .
If you get the score you need the first time vs. retaking your exam , it ’ll you save a fortune over the price of failure and career setbacks .
Second , find study guides and practice questions that teach you the ‘ real test . ’
Your book must cover all required competencies tested with laser - like precision ( See your test ’s official website for details ) .
Get high quality preparation books that outline your required test content in a simple , step - by - step , user - friendly format that saves weeks of study time .
Third , get at least 3 full - length practice tests .
Many prepared test takers fail because they “ know the material , ” but are unable to “ apply the knowledge ” to a professional - level exam .
They need to boost their “ skill of taking the test . ”
Get practice test questions that accurately reflect the format , wording and difficulty - level of the real test questions you face .
Taking ‘ mirror - like ’ practice test questions under simulated testing conditions is one of the best investments of your time and energy in test preparation .
Is There A Test Prep Program That Has All 3 Of These Critical Elements ?
Teaching Solutions review program combines all 3 of these critical elements into a proven ‘ Success System . ’
We believe in backing up what we promise you and being accountable for your results .
Therefore , the “ Comprehensive Success System ” has a 100 % money back guarantee .
The guarantee states :
You pass your exam ( or get the score you need ) or your money back .
That ’s a no quibble , no hassle , no fine print , money back refund if we ca n’t make you pass after using our proven formula…or are unsatisfied for any reason .
All Teaching Solution ’s review books and practice exam questions are developed by licensed educators , nurses , professionals in other fields who are former test takers who passed .
They got the score they needed and continue to study your test each month .
Every study guide , practice test , one - on - one Test Coaching , tutoring and mentoring help is 100 % up - to - date for the most recent changes by the test developers .
The creators of our preparation materials , practice tests and Test Coaching system not only have 3 - 11 years of experience helping students prepare and succeed on each exam , many took and passed the tests they train you to succeed on .
If you tried generic , cookie - cutter name brand review books that are out - of - date , lack ‘ exam - like ’ practice questions , have typos , incorrect information and do n’t cover ( all your test content ) , no doubt you feel frustrated and have complaints .
If you feel overwhelmed with the vast amount of preparation required to succeed in the short time between now and your exam date , there ’s a solution .
Our “ Comprehensive Success System ” solves these problems .
You get a faster and easier way to prepare and succeed on your testing date .
You get a razor - sharp accurate study guide , practice tests and real ‘ human help ’ online 7 days per week for your specific test .
and easier way to prepare and succeed on your testing date .
You get a razor - sharp accurate study guide , practice tests and real ‘ human help ’ online 7 days per week for your specific test .
Get the career you deserve .
Achieve your personal aspirations WITHOUT test preparation product hype or “ big promises ” that do n’t deliver .
Go to : the top of this page and click on the link for your specific test .
Description : Cute Capri slips out of her white lingerie and shows off her sweet body .
Views : 165851 Date : 10/03/08 Favorited : 14
This is an actual image from a Chinese zoo .
This is an actual image from a Chinese zoo .
This is an actual image from a Canadian election .
This is an actual image from a Canadian election .
When I was twelve years old my family took a trip to re-discover our ancestral roots in China .
We gawked at landmarks , peered into our history , tasted a little slice of life in the second world .
But the thing that stuck with me the most was n't the Great Wall or the Terracotta Warriors .
It was the zoo .
We stopped at the zoo one day on a whim ; we had innocently figured that it would be a fun diversion from temples and Buddhas .
We were terribly , terribly wrong .
Oh , it looked like a zoo , to be sure .
It had animals and habitats , it had foliage , it had a gift shop .
But the resemblance was only skin deep .
At the bear pit , you could buy fishing poles with apples on them .
The zookeepers would encourage you to taunt the bears with them , delighting as they strained to reach the apples and roared in frustration .
In the " theatre " , tigers wearing fezzes did tricks on unicycles and lions danced in little costumes .
And the main attraction , a " fight " between tigers and an ox , involved an ox being tied down and mauled by four tigers while dozens of people cheered them on .
Cruelty and sadness soaked the air .
It was disturbing on more levels than one .
Here we are in September with just over a month until a federal election decides the government of our country , and it feels like we arrived here by accident .
This election has been almost comically low - profile ; it 's overshadowed in almost every single respect by the ever - so - dramatic American election facing our neighbors to the south .
Their politicians loom larger than life , they speak with confidence and their words ignite passions like lightning storms on a dry prairie .
Meanwhile , our politicians strain to make each other look foolish , unaware that they are all swirling down the same drain .
People ( even Canadian people ) care about what Barack Obama has to say , but when was the last time that Jack Layton said something that made you leap out of your seat and shriek " yes ! " .
Hell , when was the last time you hated a politician enough to do more than mutter a few choice words and go back to your Sudoku ?
This is n't our fault , though .
The average citizen is not to blame for the tediousness of their leaders .
If anything , the tactics of the election are responsible for that feeling of weariness you get when you hear the phrase " Canadian Politics " .
First , the coverage is terrible .
Look at the CBC , which feels compelled to write a 50 - word article on every single thing any candidate half - assedly blurts out .
This article is a perfect example of something that should have never , ever been written .
Sadly , the signal - to - noise ratio - the difference between the amount of actual policy and promises that are reported versus mundane crap - is very , very unequal .
This brings me to my second complaint .
The candidates on the campaign trail have been doing three things : making promises , putting words in their opponents ' mouths , and engaging in kindergarten - level slander .
Only one of these things is worth a second of the Canadian public 's time .
We need to hear what the candidates will do if elected ; we could n't care less about limp rejoinders and impotent insults .
Harper is the most guilty of this , though certainly no one is innocent .
He has already flatly lied about what Dion 's policy is , and has created a slander website that contains virtually no political information .
At the Conservative party website you can see both tactics proudly displayed on the front page .
Harper claims that Dion will cut the popular $ 1200 - per - year child care subsidy , but Dion 's actual policy is to double the child - care subsidy .
The Dion slander website is a further embarrassment , the only content really worth mentioning are a series of uninteresting and non-clever minigames .
It does n't really tell us anything about Dion , it just invites us to make a fool out of him over and over .
" You do n't need to think , " the website says , sneeringly , " just look at how silly he is !
Look at him shrugging !
Do n't you just hate him ?
" An election campaign should be better than this .
It should be better than Harper 's blatant falsehoods , Dion 's blandness and vagueness , Layton 's vain hostility as he attempts to differentiate his party in the crowded left .
It should be better than May 's complaints , and it should know better than to let Gilles Duceppe participate .
We come to an election hoping for change , for revitalization , for passion and inspiration .
And what do we find ?
Tortured bears in pits doing tricks for dollars , tired tigers on bicycles , and tied - down oxen being savaged while the people cheer mindlessly .
A federal election has all the trappings of something that could inspire us to believe in Canada .
Instead , we feel disgusted , weary , and offended .
And eventually , we just do n't care anymore .
A Whitehall counter - terrorism unit is targeting the BBC and other media organisations as part of a new global propaganda push designed to " taint the al - Qaida brand " , according to a secret Home Office paper seen by the Guardian .
The document also shows that Whitehall counter - terrorism experts intend to exploit new media websites and outlets with a proposal to " channel messages through volunteers in internet forums " as part of their campaign .
The strategy is being conducted by the research , information and communication unit , [ RICU ] which was set up last year by the then home secretary , John Reid , to counter al - Qaida propaganda at home and overseas .
It is staffed by officials from several government departments .
The report , headed , Challenging violent extremist ideology through communications , says : " We are pushing this material to UK media channels , eg , a BBC radio programme exposing tensions between AQ leadership and supporters .
And a restricted working group will communicate niche messages through media and non-media . "
The disclosure that a Whitehall counter - terrorism propaganda operation is promoting material to the BBC and other media will raise fresh concerns about official news management in a highly sensitive area .
The government campaign is based upon the premise that al - Qaida is waning worldwide and can appear vulnerable on issues such as declining popularity ; its rejection by credible figures , especially religious ones , and details of atrocities .
The Whitehall propaganda unit is collecting material to target these vulnerabilities under three themes .
They are that al - Qaida is losing support ; " they are not heroes and do n't have answers ; and that they harm you , your country and your livelihood " .
The RICU guidance , dated July 21 2008 , says that the material is primarily aimed at " overseas communicators " in embassies and consulates around the world , confirming the global scale of the Whitehall counter - terrorist propaganda effort now underway .
But it also says that other partners should be encouraged to integrate this work into their communications at home as well : " It is aimed primarily ( but not exclusively ) at those working with overseas influencers and opinion formers . "
The first dossier of material being despatched to diplomatic posts worldwide cites condemnation of al - Qaida from Sayyid Imam al - Sharif aka Dr Fadi , a former leader of Egyptian Islamic Jihad , and Salman Abu - Awdah , a leading Saudi scholar who has published an open letter to Osama bin Laden calling al - Qaida 's aims illegitimate and immoral .
It notes that groups like Hamas and Hezbollah are now keen to distance themselves from al - Qaida .
In a section headed " AQ has suffered military defeat in ... " it adds " use advisedly - avoid suggesting that AQ is no longer a threat .
We are not claiming victory over AQ .
We are stressing their declining support " .
The dossier says that al - Qaida has been definitively expelled from large areas of Iraq and has lost ground in Afghanistan .
It quotes CIA director Michael Hayden 's claim in May that al - Qaida had been essentially defeated in Iraq and Saudi Arabia and was now " on the defensive throughout much of the rest of the world , " but describes this as a " strikingly upbeat assessment of the organisation " .
It highlights the fact that Mohammed Hamid , who was convicted in February for recruiting and radicalising young men to fight against the west , was a former crack addict .
The document also notes that al - Qaida has to " feed its new franchises with propaganda to keep the ' brand ' alive at all costs " .
It says that it is focused on Palestine - to the discomfort of the Palestinians - because it has failed in Iraq and is now pronouncing on issues as diverse as Egyptian trade unions and climate change in a desperate attempt to remain relevant .
The " material " is a mixture of recent news reports and articles from Arabic , Middle Eastern and North African news sources illustrating the theme of " AQ is in decline " as well as articles from the New York Times , the Observer , Newsweek and British and American websites .
The RICU guidance note says the dossier has been drafted with support from Whitehall press officers " on how best to tailor such material for media engagements , presenting information to ministers , or to other stakeholders .
It is in a separate , unclassified format to make it the sort of product that a minister or a press officer could use before an interview ; or that could be given as a crib sheet for trusted contacts , " says the classified document .
This would have to be one of the weirdest emails I ’ve ever recieved , so I ’m reprinting it in its entirety 🙂
I would like inform you that Scarlett Johansson ( actress ) actually is a clone from original person Scarlett Galabekian , who has nothing with acting career .
That clone was created illegally by using stolen biological material .
Original person is very nice ( not d**n sexy ) , most important – CHRISTIAN young lady !
I ’ll tell you more , those clones ( it ’s not only one ) made in GERMANY – world leader manufacturer of humans clones , it is in Ludwigshafen am Rhein , North Bavaria , Mr. Helmut Kohl home town .
You can not even imaging the scale of the cloning activity .
But warning !
Helmut Kohl clone staff strictly controlling all their clones ( at least they trying ) spreading around the world , they are very accurate with that , some of them are still NAZI type disciplined and mind controlled clones , so be careful get close with clones you will be controlled as well .
Original person is not happy with those movies , images , video , rumors and etc. spreading on media in that way it would be really nice if we all will try slow down that ” actress ” career development , original Scarlett will really appreciated that .
Please remember that original Scarlett ’s family did not authorize any activity with stolen biological materials , no matter what form it was created in it was stolen and it is stolen .
It all need to be delivered to authorized personals control in Cedars - Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles .
Original Scarlett never was engaged , by the way !
Her close friend Serge G .
P.S. CONTROLLING ACTIVITY OF ANY CLONES IS US MILITARY OPERATION .
H.R. 534 , the Human Cloning Prohibition Act of 2003 , was introduced to the U.S. House of Representatives on February 5 , 2003 .
After discussion , it was passed on February 27 by a vote of 241-155 .
It now moves on to the Senate for consideration .
This bill makes it unlawful for any person or entity to perform or participate in human cloning , or to ship or receive embryos produced by human cloning .
The penalties are imprisonment of up to 10 years and fines of $ 1 million or more .
These now join other nations as diverse as Norway , Australia , and Germany , which had already added cloning for any purpose to their criminal code .
And in Germany where it carries a penalty of five years imprisonment they know a thing or two about unethical science .
PRINCETON , NJ -- Gallup Poll Daily tracking from Friday through Sunday gives Barack Obama an 11 percentage point lead over John McCain in the presidential vote preferences of all registered voters , 52 % to 41 % .
Although the absolute percentages supporting Obama and McCain have varied in a narrow range for nearly the past three weeks , Obama 's lead shrank to six points late last week , only to expand again in recent days .
( To view the complete trend since March 7 , 2008 , click here . )
Gallup 's latest three - day rolling average , from Oct. 17 - 19 , spans a weekend when McCain 's running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , drew a huge television audience and much post - show media coverage for her cameo appearance on NBCs " Saturday Night Live . "
Also , on Sunday former Secretary of State and chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Gen. Colin Powell , delivered a strong endorsement of Obama for president -- calling his candidate " a transformational figure " who is capable of being " an exceptional president . "
The Gallup Poll Daily tracking poll shows no shift in support for the candidates between Saturday and Sunday to suggest that either of these events had any immediate impact on voter preferences .
Gallup 's modeling of likely voters indicates the race is somewhat tighter if we assume that voter turnout patterns will be similar to those seen in most presidential elections from 1952 through 2004 .
Using this " traditional " definition of likely voters , which takes into account respondents ' history of voting as well as their current interest in the campaign and self - reported likelihood of voting , Obama leads McCain by five points , 50 % to 45 % .
This is slightly better than the two - to three - point leads he held among this group late last week .
An alternative expanded likely voter model shows what would happen if turnout reflects voters ' self - reported likelihood of voting and campaign interest , but is not assumed to be dependent on their voting history .
Under that scenario , Obama leads by 9 points , 52 % to 43 % . -- Lydia Saad
( Click here to see how the race currently breaks down by demographic subgroup . )
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The general - election results are based on combined data from Oct. 17 - 19 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 2,774 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
For results based on the sample of 2,340 " traditional " likely voters ( based on the model taking into account current voting intention and past voting behavior ) , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
For results based on the sample of 2,271 more broadly defined likely voters ( based on the model taking into account current voting intention only ) , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
Krysanthe sent in this photo of her gorgeous baby Dachshund puppy called ‘ Buster ’ who is only 3 weeks old in this photo .
Buster is just adorable in this photo , he looks like he ’s smiling !
Find out how to get your cute pet featured on dailypets .co.uk !
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke was back on Capitol Hill Wednesday , warning that the current financial crisis is the most significant in more than 60 years , and that even tougher times are ahead without quick Congressional approval of a controversial Wall Street bailout .
Bernanke , testifying before the Joint Economic Committee , found a lot of senators and representatives voicing support for taking action to address the crisis - even if they had problems with some aspects of the Bush administration 's proposal to have the Treasury Department buy as much as $ 700 billion in mortgage - backed securities .
But members of the panel repeatedly asked Bernanke for arguments they could use to explain to angry voters back home why they voted for such a plan .
Bernanke , a former college economics professor , obliged by giving them a rundown of the problems that would ripple out from Wall Street to Main Street due to the current credit crunch .
They included small businesses not being able to get financing and therefore not being able grow and hire workers , consumers not able to get car loans and automakers having to cut back production and idle more auto workers and plants , college students not able to get loans they needed to attend school , and home prices continuing to fall because potential buyers wo n't be able to get mortgages .
" Credit will be restricted further .
That 's not just an inconvenience ; that will affect spending and economic activity , " he said in response to one question .
" It will affect the unemployment rate .
It will affect real incomes .
It will affect everybody 's standard of living . "
" It 's about the overall performance of the U.S. economy over perhaps a period of years , " Bernanke added .
" The choking up of credit is like taking away the life blood away from the economy . "
Banks and Wall Street firms essentially stopped lending to each other last week in the wake of the government takeover of mortgage giants Fannie Mae ( FNM , Fortune 500 ) and Freddie Mac ( FRE , Fortune 500 ) , after the failure of Lehman Brothers , the Fed 's $ 85 billion bailout of insurer American International Group ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) and the sale of Merrill Lynch ( MER , Fortune 500 ) to Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) .
Plenty of blame to go around
Bernanke said there is plenty of blame to go around for the current crisis , as he named Wall Street firms and banks that underestimated risk of the securities they were creating , rating agencies and regulators .
But he said the primary problem is a drop in home prices , which sparked a rise in foreclosures that have cut the value of trillions of dollars of mortgage - backed securities to what he termed " fire sale " prices .
The lack of demand for those securities , in turn , forced banks and Wall Street firms to take $ 500 billion in charges that dug into the capital they use to make loans .
Bernanke said that when the government starts buying the mortgage - backed securities from the banks , it will provide a market that does n't exist now , and allow the prices to rise from the current depressed levels to ones more justified by the fundamentals of the loans , most of which are not in default .
" I realize it 's a very complicated story , " Bernanke said .
" The bottom line , though , is banks are holding all these complex hard - to - price securities and their capital is low .
Those two things together do n't allow them to make adequate loans .
This approach is one way to address the problem . "
And he stressed repeatedly that while the Treasury Department plans to spend up to $ 700 billion buying the securities , it can expect to recoup most if not all of that money by selling them at a higher price later on , once markets have stabilized .
He argued that doing nothing would cause the economy to slow so much that there would be a bigger hit to tax collections than the program will eventually cost taxpayers .
Bernanke said he expects most of the securities will be bought through a reverse auction , in which holders would offer them for sale and the government would buy those offered at the best price .
The Fed chief 's comments come a day after he appeared with Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson before the Senate Banking Committee to urge action on the bailout package .
The two were also set to testify on the proposal before the House Financial Services Committee later Wednesday .
Supporters of the measure are pushing for Congress to act on the bailout before its recess .
The recess had originally been scheduled to start at the end of this week , but the current session could be extended to debate and vote on the plan .
Sen. Charles Schumer , D - N.Y. , the chairman of the economic committee , said he would work in a bipartisan manner to pass the bailout but he vowed changes .
" Let us be clear , Americans are furious .
And they are right to be astonished and very angry , " Schumer said .
Sen . Sam Brownback , R - Kan. , said lawmakers were receiving reports of real - world problems facing businesses and individuals .
But Brownback questioned some of the terms of the Bush administration 's plan .
He joined Schumer in pushing for a provision of the rescue plan that would give taxpayers equity in firms that sell assets to the government .
" I believe it would be irresponsible to not act , but we must act responsibly , " Brownback said .
But many senators and representatives also said that their voters back home are too angry to accept the bailout .
" I think President Bush did properly diagnose it when he said the problem was that Wall Street got drunk and has a hangover .
The problem is the people who are asked to clean up all the broken furniture , they did n't get invited to the party , " said Rep. Lloyd Doggett , D - Texas .
" That 's why so many of the people that are contacting me are not just against this bailout , they 're very angry they 're even being asked . "
Changes in bailout proposed
Several members of the committee , both Democrats and Republicans , suggested imposing a tax on Wall Street firms and banks to help pay the cost of the bailout program .
Bernanke did n't object to the idea , although he suggested that the tax not take effect in the near term because of the current problems facing the sector .
" We do n't want to impair [ them ] in the near term , " Bernanke said .
" Doing something with a longer horizon might be worth considering . "
But he said that is up to Congress and the Treasury to negotiate , and not for the Fed to take a position on .
Bernanke was more reluctant to support the idea proposed by several senators and representatives that banks who sell the securities to the government have to offer equity in the firms as well .
And he also was reluctant to back the proposal to limit the pay of Wall Street executives whose firms sell the securities , though his objections were somewhat less strenuous than his opposition to demanding equity .
Bernanke said such provisions would stop many firms from selling their assets to the Treasury Department , which could leave it with only the worst performing assets from the most troubled companies .
" You have the risk that no one will participate , there will be no competition in the auction and it wo n't work , " he said .
Some members of the committee indicated they will vote against the measure , no matter what provisions are included .
Rep. Ron Paul , a Texas Republican who formerly belonged to the Libertarian Party , charged that the bailout plan amounted to price fixing , which he said was a major cause of the depression .
He argued trying to lift the value of mortgage - backed securities and keeping home prices from falling further only will cause deeper economic problems long term .
" Most illiquid assets are illiquid because they 're not worth anything , " he said .
" All the blame is put on the fact that there is a downturn in housing .
That means they were overpriced .
All our efforts right now is to keep those ( house ) prices up , but the prices should come down .
That 's what the market is saying . "
Bernanke agreed with Paul that price fixing was one of the causes of the depression , but he denied that the purchase of assets amounted to the government setting prices .
He argued the auction process to be used to buy the securities would try to find a fair market price of the assets , even if it is above current " fire sale " prices .
And he said one of the causes of the Great Depression was the Fed being afraid of intervening to prevent bank failures .
" One has to balance concerns about intervening in financial markets with concerns about macroeconomic stability , " he said .
Rep. Baron Hill , D - Ind. , asked Bernanke whether there is a risk of a depression if the bailout does n't pass .
While the Fed chairman quoted investor Warren Buffett as saying the economy would go " over a precipice " without the plan passing , he said he would n't compare it to the Great Depression .
But he said without the bailout , there would be a lot of unnecessary problems and costs for the economy and the American consumers and businesses .
" My response is the pain would be very significant , It would be very difficult for Main Street if this credit system broke down , and very costly to average people , " he said .
" Here 's a better solution , to recognize that things went wrong but there 's a problem now that we can solve . "
A misguided new California law prevents people from selling recycling if they do not have a valid state ID card .
On the rare sunny San Francisco day , people do n’t flock to the beach as much as you ’d expect - they head to the inland parks since often the beach is still cold .
Dolores Park , one of the most popular sunny day hang - outs , will be jam packed on these days , leading to overflowing trashcans and recycling bins.[social_buttons ]
Luckily , there seem to always be a loyal handful of people wandering through the park collecting beer cans and water bottles from the partiers and picnickers .
What ’s their motivation for their almost surreal helpfulness ?
Well , a trade - in value of about 5 - cents for each bottle or can .
But now the state is preventing many of these people from making their meager living .
Proponents of the law say that drug addicts use the rebate credit to feed their addictions , which very well may be the case .
But really , is this the best way to help those people fight their addictions ?
Seems like a pretty backwards , mean - spirited idea to me , not to mention that many people who are collecting cans are simply trying to feed themselves .
The law does nothing but make it harder for people to actually find a way out of homelessness .
And what about the environmental impact of the law ?
These people walk through the streets and pick recyclable items out of the public trash cans , saving them from landfills .
People doing this should be encouraged , not made to jump through hoops in order to cash out their cans .
Not only will they now need to show a valid state ID card , but to exchange aluminum cans and other metallic cans , they will have their photograph and thumb - print taken , and then money will be withheld for 3 days .
This action is due to metal theft from construction sites or vehicle parts , which is a legitimate problem - but why not exempt those who are merely cashing in aluminum cans ?
Some San Francisco residents complain that scavengers pick through their recycling bins when they are out for collection , but again , I do n’t understand what the problem is here .
San Francisco , along with many other Californian cities , pays to have their recycling sorted .
The homeless men and women who collect from the bins are doing the same service and probably lessening the sorting costs for the city in the process .
Photo Credit : Essygie on Flickr under Creative Commons license .
Nowadays , the virtual world known as the Internet has set up a virtual entertainment system for people who have access to it .
According to this system , the most recommended leisure system is online poker .
Today , there are not hundreds , but thousands of sites operated 24/ 7 .
With this large number of gaming sites , all do not offer promising and reliable services to players online .
So , how can we find the most reliable online casino that has unmatched average features ?
There are several behaviors to consider before playing in an online casino .
We need to know the license agreement , the authenticity of the free online casino slots software , the updated support services , the authorized gamut , bank details , and promotions .
We all know that online game can be a very entertaining and exciting hobby .
It is a money - laden industry , which makes the online gambling world potentially dangerous .
Beginners and old professionals should be aware of news and information about the online game , especially to know which casinos are run by bad guys .
We must look at several online games before making a decision .
Be careful and take note of deposit conditions , minimum wagering and bonus wagering requirements .
There is a large selection of online casinos available on the internet .
Some of them will allow you to visit and play free online games and even place bets without signing up .
More rewards to choose
The good times of bonuses and offers are back for customers of online casino players .
The holy grail of an online game is to build customer loyalty .
They will do everything in their power to retrieve it , give bonuses or other incentives .
There are several types of casino bonuses available to the player who puts real bets .
The most common and usually the most important bonuses are welcome bonuses .
Many of them are equalization bonuses in which the bonus amount is worth 100 % of the amount of the initial deposit .
However , today , many online casinos offer bonuses corresponding to more than 100 % of the initial deposit to stay competitive with each other .
Trending Topic : What You Should Do In Case You Win Big In Casinos
Online casino never cheats
Remember that online casinos will never go wrong .
Because if they do , someone will be informed and will somehow prevent a particular site from being dishonest .
They will not steal your money , they will not judge your profits unfair and they will not benefit you .
If they did , you would never play with them again , absolutely the opposite of their main intention .
And when players discover a fraudulent online game , there will no longer be affiliate websites that would encourage or ruin their own credibility .
If a casino steals your money or offers you an unfair game , it will quickly go bankrupt .
The online casino wants excellent customer service , fair play , winning players and payment of winnings .
The online casino has flooded the online world lately .
It seems that they have been striving to attract more and more players to test your luck online .
And we can do it sitting at home .
No need to fly , climb expensive hotels and dress up .
The best game is easily accessible .
Protesters march outside of the U.S Treasury building in protest of the proposed Wall Street bailouts , Friday Sept. 26 , 2008 , in Washington .
The outrage expressed by many so - called Main Street folks over the proposed Wall Street bailout is based on more than a sense of injustice .
It 's about revenge , a basic animal instinct shared by humans , chimpanzees and even blue - footed boobies .
And Washington politicians would be wise to listen up and stick some get - back - at - 'em clauses into the bailout bill if they hope to get the support of the average American , says one behavioral economist who studies these things .
In phone calls made by constituents to politicians , as well as e-mails to news organizations and other media , the public has expressed a preference for a package that helps consumers and homeowners without assisting fat cats on Wall Street .
In fact , a Pew Research Center survey conducted Sept. 27 through Sept. 29 found that nearly 70 percent of Americans say they feel angry about the government 's plan , and half admit they are scared .
President Bush and other leaders who support the bailout warn , however , that if financial institutions are not propped up quickly and significantly with public money , the average American will pay the price .
Bring it on , many people seem to be saying .
Dan Ariely would agree .
" People are willing to lose money to get those people [ on Wall Street ] to suffer " because the corporate financial leaders have violated a social contract , says Ariely , a behavioral economist at Duke University .
" We need to include revenge in the bill . "
The bill should also include a code of punishment for exacting revenge for future financial misdeeds , Ariely said last night on " Marketplace , " a radio program produced and distributed by American Public Media .
However , psychologist David Schroeder of the University of Arkansas , Fayetteville , does n't think revenge is technically the right word for what the public seeks , because it implies an urge to make others suffer at whatever cost .
The public wants retribution , he says , for what is seen as a violation of the rules of the game , one they put their trust in .
" Retribution involves a punitive component , " Schroeder said , " and we 're hoping that 's going to deter these people from doing it again and we 'll get them to abide by the rules in the future . "
Trust games
Ariely 's analysis is rooted in studies he and others have done involving trust games .
They work something like this :
Two individuals are each given $ 10 .
The first participant can give his partner the money , and when doing so that $ 10 quadruples into $ 40 , meaning the partner now has 50 bucks .
Why would you just give away money ?
It has to do with trust , because then the partner has the choice of either splitting the money with the giver or taking it all for himself .
Many players do give away their money and end up getting the split amount back , Ariely said .
But not everyone is so trustworthy and reciprocating .
So the game has a revenge twist .
The giver can choose to use his own money to get back at the other player for not sharing the $ 50 .
For every $ 1 out of the giver 's pocket , the greedy player takes a hit of $ 2 .
" The first thing that is surprising is that people actually take revenge [ even though ] revenge is costly , " Ariely said .
" You just gave away 10 dollars , and now you 're willing to invest even more to make me miserable . "
Aaaah !
revenge
It turns out revenge can be pleasurable .
Ariely referred to a group of Swiss researchers who have found that when players take revenge , the same part of the brain normally triggered by reward lights up .
It 's no surprise that humans love revenge .
Other research has shown that people feel satisfaction when someone they dislike suffers , and interestingly , men in particular are found to enjoy physical vengeance .
Even chimps are vengeful , a study last year found .
The primates become " exploding black balls of rage " when food is stolen , said a scientist involved in the study .
Other primates are known to seek revenge against relatives of an attacker .
Studies have shown that revenge is in fact widespread among animals , from birds of the Galapagos , called blue - footed boobies , to elephant seals .
Revenge on Wall Street
The same emotional process , Ariely said , is happening around the nation 's current financial crisis .
" People feel that Wall Street has betrayed our social trust , " Ariely told LiveScience .
" In some sense they 've walked off with our 50 dollars .
Actually it 's more than 50 dollars .
And now the question is — how do we feel about it ?
And the truth is we feel really angry .
Because of that , we 're willing to take revenge . "
He added , " It means that all of us are willing to lose money in order for those ' bastards on Wall Street ' —
I 'm just using a general expression — to suffer even more . "
And so in order for the public to support a bailout for Wall Street , and the thinking goes , for the bill to pass through Congress , revenge must be incorporated , Ariely said .
" In some sense , it 's in [ the public 's ] best interest to have the bailout , but they really want somebody to pay for it , " Ariely said .
" So we are all going to lose for these guys to lose more . "
Two types of revenge could give the bill a swifter passage .
Retroactive revenge would make the CEOs and other higher - ups at banks suffer .
For instance the bill could include something like , " if we bail out the banks , we are going to take all the stock options of the people in the bank , " Ariely said .
Future revenge would mean " creating more general legislation that will ensure that in the future if people misbehave we will punish them , " he added .
Schroeder thinks the bailout plan just needs to be framed in a different way .
That 's because the public seeks a sense of fairness .
Right now , he said , the everyday person views the recipients as people who are already making lots and lots of money , so it 's not fair they should be " bailed out . "
" I think the retribution side probably got into play because they [ the government ] talked about it as a bailout —
' We 're going to help the people who were cheaters , ' " Schroeder said .
" If they had talked about this instead as sort of a loan package , " the public may have reacted more positively .
Social animals
In addition to the " feel good " factor , revenge can serve as a means of maintaining social order , particularly in times or under conditions when it seems like policing and government regulations are non-existent .
Ariely gives the example of someone taking your donkey , way back when .
The rational solution would be to figure out how long it would take to get back the donkey and whether it 's worth it .
If it took a month to chase the thief down but a week to work enough to buy another donkey , the revenge would be too costly .
" What if I will chase you to the ends of the world to get my donkey back ?
And I not only will take my donkey , I will take your donkey and your sister 's donkey and so on , " Ariely said .
If word gets out that you 'd carry out such revenge , others would steer clear of your donkeys in the future .
" In an odd way , revenge is very useful in getting people to behave well , " Ariely said .
So perhaps it 's not surprising that humans , one of the most social of animals , would show such a penchant for enacting revenge , he said .
Not only teachers , but parents and all visitors to schools , including suppliers making deliveries , will be forbidden the burka , even though only 100 women in the Netherlands , out of a population of 16.5 million , are estimated to wear it .
Deception in the Church
( Hogan Not a Hero )
By Brian Karjala
In September of 1997 at New Life Church in Colorado Springs , CO , I attended a Sunday night service at the urging of a family member who had heard great things about a traveling evangelist who was scheduled to visit .
The evangelist 's name was David Hogan .
The church had promoted the man as a great healer and was excited to have him come .
Not knowing the man , I trusted popular opinion and came to the church that night hoping to have the Holy Spirit minister to me through him .
After a time of praise and worship the American minister ( dressed in Western - style clothing ) was given control of the service .
The self - described apostle shared with the congregation how he had established churches throughout regions in Mexico .
I also learned first - hand that Hogan 's claim to fame were his stories about how God had used his ministry to raise people from the dead .
He testified to having been present for 23 incidents where people were brought back to life after being dead .
( Members of his Freedom Ministries claim to have participated in over 200 resurrection miracles . )
Though there was n't any substantiating evidence to support his claims I nonetheless applauded his various stories , as did the majority of the people in attendance .
After all , believing in the power of God and that the man 's endorsement by my church indicated his credibility , I found no reason to doubt his words .
The man spent a lot of time sharing with the congregation the things he claimed God was doing through his ministry .
I learned that the " slain in the Spirit " phenomenon ( where people fall backwards and lie on the ground for often long periods of time ) was the predominant sign of his ministry ( an interesting sign considering that the practice was nonexistent in the biblical ministry accounts of the early Christians but is associated with people who belong to various sects that hold heretical beliefs ) .
He elaborated about the many times human bodies were " plastered " on the grounds at the places he had " ministered " ( which is the same kind of prefatory speech other modern - day " revivalists " use to condition their audiences for the purpose of making them desire the experience ) .
But having heard the man's " carpet time " stories in addition to his resurrection tales I did find it odd when he joyously exclaimed that for the first time in his life he was happy .
It was strange to me that he would mention his newfound happiness during his report about , not being in the presence of what he claimed were miracles or in developing a close intimacy with the Lord , but in the context of the description he gave about his large ranch that he spent a lot of time talking about .
( I do n't know about you , but if I was God 's instrument in raising people from the dead there would n't be anything , especially a material possession , that could divert my attention from relaying the resurrection miracles ! )
There were only a few minutes devoted to reading and teaching from the Scriptures , that is , if you count the time Hogan was distracted from his preaching by episodes of uncontrollable laughter ( called " holy " laughter by many Charismatics ) .
He did n't seem to have any problem with the interruptions , though , nor did some in the congregation who found it amusing .
At first it surprised me that there were people who did n't find Hogan 's bizarre behavior offensive .
I then remembered that there exists " Christians " who do n't place the premium on God 's Word that they should .
It was troubling to know that I was sitting among some of them .
Hogan 's lack of respect in reading from the Scriptures was tolerated because he was n't invited to the church to teach from God 's Word .
The church marketed him as a healer , not a teacher .
He was invited to put on a show .
A show that was said to be inspired by the " Spirit " ( but which spirit really ?
... read on to find out ) .
A very unusual thing happened just before Hogan ended his " preaching " .
The man turned in my direction of the crowd and spoke some words that I believe may have been directed at me .
Though some of his mumbling was hard to understand I remember that he called me by my first name ( that would be Brian ) and told me to wait around for something to happen , and that I would not be disappointed if I did .
I had never met the man before and wondered if I had heard him correctly .
Some of the people sitting near to me responded by looking from side to side uncertain as to who he was addressing .
Even though I believed his words sounded manipulative ( and downright creepy ) , I nodded my head in agreement not to leave the service .
His stare seemed fixed right at me , and only after I nodded my head did he finally turn away and continue on with the service . (?)
Hogan concluded his public remarks by inviting the sick to come forward to receive healing .
With that invitation I watched what could have been a few hundred people ( out of a few thousand in attendance ) rush to the front of the church in an attempt to get near the man .
Those who were able to attract his attention became the recipients of having a handkerchief waved at their bodies while the command of " Fire ! " was shouted at them .
From what I observed , personal attention was not given to anyone .
( What I mean is that the man did not attempt to engage in meaningful conversation with anyone ) .
People became the impersonal objects of the man 's theatrics .
The " ministry " of Hogan continued for quite some time ( to the backdrop of music led by the church 's worship team ) .
Hogan was positioned at the bottom of the steps at the center of the stage where he remained for a long time .
The frenzy of people made it difficult to get near the man .
Occasionally those people who came in contact with him would fall backwards into the arms of " catchers " who would then help these " slain " onto the floor where some remained for a long time ( much to the excitement of some of the younger onlookers ) .
I noticed a little man and a little woman ( displaying what I can only describe as haughty looks of self - importance ) walking around other areas of the front sanctuary looking for people they could " slay " onto the ground in imitation of the visiting man ( with stern looks on their faces , looking individuals up and down , they were scoping out people as part of a power play -- what vultures ! ) .
Some of the people they " prayed over " ( or preyed upon ) fell backwards .
Despite being in the prayer line and in need of prayer the couple only briefly glanced my way and then passed me by .
( Maybe it was because I did n't have the look of vulnerability . )
As the service progressed ( or further deteriorated ) I positioned myself near to where Hogan was " ministering " so that I could watch him more carefully as he interacted with the people who were continually crowding around him .
( Some in the church did not join the frenzy .
They either left the church or remained in the building to talk with others -- acting like nothing was out of the ordinary . )
Because I was standing in close proximity to the man I was given a cup of water designated for him .
Strangely enough ( strange was the theme of the night ) , the man 's strength began to fail him and his balance had to be supported by others as he tried to remain standing .
Seeing this prompted me to try and help him .
But when I offered him the cup of water through a gesture the only response I received was an empty stare followed by a quick shrug away from me .
That shrug happened , though , after the both of us had glanced at one another and I was able to clearly see the hideous look in his eyes .
This made me shudder with a feeling of shame for knowing that I had earlier in the night desired him to pray for me .
I do n't believe the kind of personal anguish I saw in his face and darkness in his eyes was expressive of the spirit residing within a man who is truly anointed .
( In retrospect I probably should have splashed the water in his face ! )
One of the most interesting spectacles I witnessed from the man was the second of two actions ( that directly contradicted the first ) .
At the start of the service Hogan made a specific point to jump up and down on the stage to show people how great he was feeling .
In sharp contrast , though , nearing the end of the service he was drained of all energy , his speech became soft and slurred , and he could no longer stand with his own strength !
But it was not a natural exhaustion .
Something happened to bring him to a point of complete futility .
( What exactly it was that happened makes for an interesting topic of debate and speculation .
Many will tell you that " spiritual drunkenness " is a blessing , but it is a phenomenon associated with the worst kind of proven deceivers . )
He also lost the effect to " slay " people .
A chair was offered to him so he could sit down .
( Can you imagine what a horrible testimony it would have made if the original true disciples of Jesus Christ became sick while attempting to heal others ?!)
Hogan 's deteriorating condition rendered him useless .
This prompted his entourage to end the service and drag him ( literally ) out of the church leaving behind people who were in need of prayer .
( Two men had to physically support him as he tried to walk , one man on each side of him ... similar to how athletic trainers assist injured football players off the playing field . )
I followed the man and his associates to the back of the sanctuary where they met up with the pastor of New Life , Ted Haggard .
The pastor ( who was widely hailed by the undiscerning as a leading Evangelical before his gay sex and drug scandals became public knowledge in 2006 ) had attended a meeting in another room of the church during the time he allowed the traveling minister to preside over his congregation .
( Talk about giving your flock over to a wolf ! )
I initially was baffled to see and hear the pastor laugh about the minister 's sickly appearance .
I thought it was just as bizarre to hear the pastor joke about how it was illegal to drive in such a poor condition .
It became apparent to me that the goofy little pastor did not think it was a problem to see his guest ministry leader look and act like the town drunk !
( During my observation I remembered Ted 's own bad behavior throughout the years and it then made more sense to me why he would bask in the foolishness and tragedy of the moment . )
I further followed Hogan and the men who assisted him outside of the church where they headed off to a van in the parking lot .
Before they left the building a woman in the foyer thanked the man for coming to the church .
( I had to wonder what it was she thanked him for . )
Interestingly enough , I was the one who held the door open for the man to leave the building , again exchanging a brief glace with the irreverent showman .
( I like to think of my action motioning him outside the church as symbolic considering that I am a person who deplores the intrusion of such people into places that are supposed to be houses of God . )
I came to the church that night in a very depressed state of mind longing for some good Holy Spirit - inspired Bible teaching and meaningful personal prayer .
What I found instead was a crazy circus - like event masquerading as a Christian revival .
I walked away from the church feeling betrayed and spiritually starved for not receiving any Godly nourishment in the more than three hours I spent in the building .
New Life was my home church for most of the 1990's but the ungodly behavior I witnessed from that service proved to be the last straw for me .
My moral and financial support for the church ended that night .
( The decision of the church to allow Hogan to appear as a star performer was definitely not the first time the church leadership had seriously erred in the area of discernment . )
The Lord Jesus Christ was not glorified at New Life Church on that September evening .
The emphasis was on David Hogan and not on the Lord .
Hogan was unquestionably the center of attention at the church service I attended .
He was the one sought after for a miracle touch .
( Ironically , from what I saw it appeared as though he was the one most in need of healing ! )
I consider it very tragic how the man dupes people into believing that he is a conduit for God 's power .
This means that it may be the Lord who takes the blame from some of the people who walk away from the man 's performances wondering why they were not healed from their afflictions .
Some may blame themselves thinking they did not have enough faith to warrant healing .
Hogan makes these remarkable and outlandish claims of great power performed in Mexico , yet , as I have learned after seeing him in person , he cannot produce any of the same results in American , Canadian , English , Australian or New Zealand churches .
Nor can he produce any verification of his healing claims at all , which , by the way , should be numerous if he is the active healer he portrays himself to be .
If the unChrist - like conduct I witnessed is representative of the man 's overall ministry ( which after further research I have determined it to be ) then a legitimate concern must also be raised regarding the spiritual health of the churches he has founded .
Yet Hogan 's worldwide traveling schedule seems to suggest that he has little or no concern for those churches he claims to have established .
A real apostle and Godly shepherd , on the other hand , would devote himself to strengthening his flocks with sound teaching from the Bible supplemented with Godly practice .
But I suppose it is more desirable for the man to acquire the generous " love " gifts he is receiving from the many large churches he is invited to visit .
It is my belief that he will probably want to make some improvements on his beloved ranch .
Christians , beware ! . . .
" For such men are false apostles , deceitful workers , disguising themselves as apostles of Christ .
And no wonder , for even Satan disguises himself as an angel of light . "
( 2 Corinthians 11:13 - 14 )
" For false Christs and false prophets will arise and will show great signs and wonders , so as to mislead , if possible , even the elect . "
( Matthew 24:24 )
" Judge righteous judgment . " ( John 7:24 )
[ As opposed to the hypocritical judgment described in Matthew 7 . ]
" Expel the wicked man from among you . "
( 1 Corinthians 5:13 )
David Hogan
( undated photo )
SUMMARY :
It appears that David Hogan personally instructed me to stay around for the end of the service .
So what was the result of his advice ?
The longer I stayed the worse I felt .
It was as though something was attacking my mind and for the first and only time in all of my years of church attendance I left the service with painful suicidal thoughts pounding in my head that were not with me before the service .
In the parking lot before I could drive home I had to pray for God 's healing from the evil that was afflicting my mind .
I am fully convinced that I was the recipient of a satanic prophecy and demonic oppression .
The service was recorded on audio cassette ( before the church converted to CDs ) and is no longer available to the public .
If one has listened to the ( unedited ) tape it would have been heard that in addition to addressing me by my first name Hogan also mentioned the depression I was suffering from at the time .
I was very depressed because a few weeks earlier I had quit my job at James Dobson 's Focus on the Family after I discovered that the Focus management was lying to their employees and to the public ( the story of this is related elsewhere on this website ) .
Those malicious persons who have tried to discredit me by suggesting that my depression was caused from a lack of belief in God and His Holy Word are presumptuous and ignorant .
Men of God in the Bible experienced depression in response to the spiritual iniquity of their land ( or community ) which is the same thing I 've experienced for the majority of my life .
So when Hogan supporters address me as a non-Christian with the accompanying accusations they are demonstrating to me their lack of discernment and separation from the Spirit of truth .
Over the years numerous people have misrepresented my faith by making the accusation that I do not believe in the power of God .
Often they will try to demean me with words like , " How many people have you raised from the dead ? "
Were it God 's will for me to raise the dead back to life then that is what I would be doing .
Instead I am led to help others heal from the damage false teachers like Hogan leave in their wake .
Consider also the time in which we live .
This is a time of increasing judgment from God .
In recent years here in Colorado ( as in much of the nation and world ) people 's homes have been ravaged by floods and fires and other weather - related disasters .
I know of many Charismatic believers who 's lives have been devastated by a variety of factors ( including economic ) .
Some of these " miracle - believing " people do not want me warning about the unresolved sexual sin that had occurred by staff members at this New Life Church .
If I were to promise these self - centered rebellious people great blessings and miracles from heaven I too would find myself living outside the favor of God .
ADDITIONAL INFO :
The Fire They Bring is NOT of God
The January - March 2000 edition of The Quarterly Journal from the Personal Freedom Outreach organization featured a well - researched and fully documented biblical exposition on the overall " ministry " and life of David Hogan .
( Hogan 's heretical teachings guarantee that he is not God 's miracle man .
And if you believe Hogan owns a four - wheel vehicle that can drive underwater you have lost touch with reality .
His submarine truck claim is made in the fourth part of the 1998 " Faith to Raise the Dead " video series .
The tale begins just after the 42 - minute mark and continues for about seven minutes . )
My response to the criticism I have received for writing this article : Correspondence on the Credibility of David Hogan
People Respond to Hogan's Deceit
Spiritual Abuse Questionnaire
What mindsets contribute to the popularity of false ministers ? : Understanding the Phenomenon of Tom Papania .
( Much of what is written in this letter applies to people who believe in Dave Hogan ) .
One of the best and very sobering reality - based / Scripturally sound instructional video productions available on DVD : " The Signs & Wonders Movement Exposed " .
Some background info on Ted Haggard : Ted Haggard 's Deception .
( If Hogan were a true man of God he would rebuke Haggard instead of milking New Life for money .
I wrote this statement years before Haggard 's scandals came to light . )
Private Investigator Implicates New Life Church in Numerous Sex Abuses ( secular website )
Updated Wednesday at 10:15 a.m .
By SUZANNE McLAUGHLIN
smclaughlin@repub.com
SPRINGFIELD - Early Wednesday morning , a crowd of hundreds again gathered outside a Mercy Medical Center office on Stafford Street to view what some believed to be an apparition of the Virgin Mary appearing in a second story window .
Crowd first gathered Tuesday afternoon , taking photographs of the shadow outlined on the window with their cell phones and saying the rosary .
" I think it 's Our Lady of Guadalupe , " said Olga Romero who lives in the nearby Saab Court Apartments , referring to the apparition of the Virgin Mary reported in 1531 in Mexico .
Sister Kathleen Sullivan , senior vice president at Mercy , said an image was observed on the window of a vacant office at the 300 Stafford St. medical building late this morning .
" What it is I do n't know , but it was certainly humbling to see the faith of the people .
It was so beautiful , " she said .
Word spread , bringing possibly as many as 300 hundred people into the parking lot at one time .
The crowd was extremely orderly .
Elderly women led others in reciting the rosary and singing .
Others were overcome with emotion and crying .
Romero said she came to pray for her health .
She brought her daughter and granddaughter with her .
Deirdre Gogel , of West Springfield , said she found it comforting that the apparition occurred when the United States is going through such trying economic times and people are frightened .
Mark E. Dupont , spokesman for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Springfield , said the diocese was informed of the situation by officials at Mercy Medical Center .
Dupont said he went to the medical center and saw a clearly defined outline as sunlight shone through a window .
" Certainly it was inspiring people , and Catholics throughout their history have a great devotion to the Blessed Virgin , " Dupont said .
He said it would take years for the church to investigate an apparition .
" We want to be careful not to mislead people , but what we can't debate is the faith of the people , " he said .
Sister Margaret McCleary , of the Sisters of Providence , said she stopped by after she heard news of the apparition .
Mercy is part of the Sisters of Providence Health System .
" I am a photographer , and I know about the illusions which light and shadows can cause , " she said , adding that she did not want to denigrate the faith of the people who gathered .
Sullivan said extra security guards were brought on to make sure the crowd was orderly , but the people caused no problems in the hospital parking lot .
This question keeps coming up a lot on Stack Overflow for some reason :
What was Stack Overflow built with ?
Some even wondered if Stack Overflow was built in Ruby on Rails .
I consider that a compliment !
This question has been covered in some detail in our podcasts , of course , but I know not everyone has …
This question keeps coming up a lot on Stack Overflow for some reason :
What was Stack Overflow built with ?
Some even wondered if Stack Overflow was built in Ruby on Rails .
I consider that a compliment !
This question has been covered in some detail in our podcasts , of course , but I know not everyone has time to listen to a bunch of audio footage to find the answer to their question .
So , in that spirit , here ’s the technology “ stack ” of Stack Overflow , the stuff Jarrod , Geoff , and I used to build it :
We have a few other minor dependencies as well , such as ReCaptcha , DotNetOpenId , and the WMD control ( which we subsequently rewrote ) , but that ’s about it .
Bob Barnett ’s phone call launched a nearly $ 150 - billion - a - year industry .
Twenty - five years ago today , during a media event at Chicago ’s Soldier Field , the president of Ameritech Mobile Communications made the nation ’s first commercial cellphone connection .
He rang up Alexander Graham Bell ’s grandson on a Motorola DynaTAC handset that weighed 2 1/2 pounds and retailed for $ 3,995 .
The industry has changed dramatically in the quarter - century since .
Through a series of mergers , Ameritech was absorbed into what are now the nation ’s largest carriers , AT&T Inc. and Verizon Wireless .
Cellphones today are mainstream devices , owned by more than 80 % of Americans , that can fit in a back pocket .
And their primary use is n’t talking anymore .
In the second quarter of this year , Americans sent more text messages on cellphones than they made calls .
That ubiquity is creating a new challenge for the industry : how to keep growing when nearly everyone who wants a cellphone has one and the price of service plans is steadily declining .
Carriers are pushing more e-mail and Internet services , giving handset makers more leeway to create multiuse devices such as the iPhone and upgrading their networks to handle all the traffic .
“ The amount of money they get from voice is shrinking , ” Forrester Research principal analyst Charles Golvin said .
“ What they ’ve been trying to do for quite a while is balance that loss in revenue with other kinds of applications . ”
The first commercial cellphone call in the Los Angeles area , in June 1984 , was nearly foiled by a dead car battery .
Mitch Mohr , founder of Los Angeles - based cellphone distributor Celluphone , was responsible for helping then - Mayor Tom Bradley call a runner carrying the Olympic torch to the city .
The phone had been installed in a stretch limo , but someone left a door open after a party the night before , and the car battery ran out of juice .
Luckily , Mohr had installed another phone in a red Mustang , so he called the phone from there and handed it to the mayor to complete the call .
“ It was perfectly clear , ” Mohr recalled .
Few people had even heard the word “ cellular ” when Mohr started Celluphone in 1983 -- he had to drive to the San Diego library and look up the word in the card catalog .
But only a few years later , customers were shelling out $ 2,500 for phones that Mohr would install in their cars .
His company is still in business .
Prices fell as carriers competed for customers and as technology enabled smaller handsets that people could more easily carry around .
“ The thing that really made all this possible was semiconductors , ” said Rudy Krolopp , one of the designers on the DynaTAC 8000X , the phone used to make the first commercial call in 1983 .
As chips followed the phenomenon known as Moore ’s Law , becoming both smaller and more powerful , designers could fit additional features on increasingly tiny phones .
Adoption started surging about 1998 , when AT&T changed its pricing plan so that long - distance , local and roaming calls all counted toward customers ’ monthly minutes , making cellphone pricing much easier to understand .
By 2000 , 40 % of consumers had cellphones , said Roger Entner , a senior vice president at research firm Nielsen IAG .
But digital technologies that allowed better call quality and lower prices have doubled adoption .
Now that cellphones are nearly ubiquitous , carriers face a new challenge : how to handle the increasing number of people using their networks to make phone calls , send text messages , surf the Web and check e-mail .
“ They ’re running out of capacity , ” said Kenneth Dulaney , an analyst at Gartner Inc .
Text messaging already has surpassed voice calls as more cellphone owners become comfortable with tapping out short notes rather than calling someone .
In the second quarter of 2008 , the typical subscriber sent or received 357 text messages , compared with 204 phone calls , according to Nielsen Mobile .
That ’s a boon for carriers , which generally make a lot more money from text messages than they do from voice calls .
It ’s much less expensive for them to transmit text messages , which come in smaller packets of data .
The mobile Web is next , and companies are jostling to provide the technology and applications used by consumers .
About 11 % of North American adults use the Internet on their cellphones at least once a month , and an additional 6 % do it less frequently , according to Forrester .
“ The Internet is trying like heck to come to your cellphone , ” said John Jackson , an analyst at Yankee Group .
“ Everyone wants to control the experience . ”
The Internet allows phone users to search for nearby restaurants , gas stations , friends and products .
It provides directions and sends coupons for nearby restaurants .
Soon , it will do all of this even faster .
Carriers already spend about $ 20 billion a year improving their networks , but a major switch to networks built specifically to accommodate Internet services and applications wo n’t be completed until 2011 , Forrester ’s Golvin said .
Until then , carriers have to walk a fine line :
They want customers to use the mobile Internet , but not so frequently that the data volume overwhelms the networks and worsens the quality of voice calls .
Once the faster networks are in place , consumers will be able to take better advantage of phones that double as digital media players and Web - surfing gadgets .
Next - generation handsets will allow users to talk to family and friends while watching video of them at the same time , take photographs in higher resolution and browse the Internet faster than computers with DSL connections can today .
They ’ll be barely recognizable to those that made some of the first phones .
But there is one constant : what a phone says about its owner .
In a recent study by research firm Harris Interactive , teens said that , with the exception of clothing , cellphones tell the most about social status or popularity .
That ’s not much different from the way it was 25 years ago , said Steve Largent , president of CTIA - the Wireless Assn .
Then , he played football for the Seattle Seahawks and received a DynaTAC in exchange for appearing in ads for the phone .
“ I had it for the coolness factor , ” he said .
“ It was a status symbol . ”
alana.semuels@latimes.com
If you are looking for some ways to freshen up the cooking you do at home , consider using a small amount of black truffle salt .
It will add a savory flavor to any meal .
It can be used in most dishes and is just plain tasty .
The salt gets its name from the fact that it contains a very small amount of caviar .
This salt has a higher sodium content than regular table salt .
It also has a great taste .
Because of this , black truffle salt has been embraced by many people .
One of the things that people like about black truffle sea salt is that it is very easy to find .
You can easily purchase it at stores that sell health products .
You can also buy it at stores that sell food .
It is sold in many flavors , including those that have chocolate in them .
Another thing that makes this salt unique is that it has a very salty flavor .
It adds that taste that people love in the foods that they cook .
It is perfect for any type of food , whether it is appetizers to main dishes or even desserts .
This is because the salt actually takes the place of the fat in the food .
Although this kind of salt may cost more than other salts , it is well worth the price .
Since the cost of cooking meals has risen over the years , there are people who are eating at home less often .
Because of this , the homes of many people are now going unoccupied for long periods of time .
When these people are unable to go out and buy the salty flavor that they need , they turn to sea salt .
Sea salt contains many minerals .
One of them is potassium .
Potassium is used in several health drinks , and it is also good for the heart .
Another mineral that is present in black truffle salt is magnesium .
It is used in many different types of medicine .
It is a very important mineral for the body , so if it is available naturally , it is a good idea to get a small amount for your home .
Sodium chloride is also another salt , that you may want to add to your salt cabinet .
It is used in many types of salt to make it easier to dissolve in water .
Saltwater treatment is becoming very popular in many places around the world .
Sodium chloride is also a key ingredient in antacids .
Antacids are used in the treatment of a variety of conditions .
Since they are very helpful in treating the various symptoms of a condition , they are commonly prescribed to people with bad diets .
One type of salt that is available in many stores is sea salt .
Many people tend to gravitate towards sea salt because it is more affordable than other types of salt .
In addition , it is one of the most widely available forms of salt .
This is the reason why people should try using sea salt as a way to create a healthy meal .
Salt has such a diverse selection of flavors that can be used in many different kinds of dishes .
A small amount will do , but it is always good to make a larger serving at home .
Black truffle salt can be used in just about any dish .
Since it has such a wide variety of flavors , it can be used in just about any kind of food .
It will bring out the taste of the food that you are preparing , and it will do it in a wonderful way .
Palin Shopping Spree Legal ?
Yes , but Barely Loophole lets party purchase wardrobe the campaign could not .
October 22 , 2008  --
When news broke that Gov. Sarah Palin and her family managed to spend $ 150,000 of other people 's money on clothes after joining the McCain ticket , many scratched their heads .
Is that legal ?
Thanks to a loophole in federal law the answer , experts say , is yes .
Handily , the loophole was codified into law by the landmark campaign finance law passed by her ticketmate , Sen. John McCain .
It would be illegal for the McCain - Palin campaign to buy a new wardrobe for Palin and her husband , say campaign finance lawyers contacted by ABCNews.com .
But the law is silent on whether such purchases can be made by the Republican National Committee ( RNC ) .
" The party committee has much greater latitude , " said Kenneth Gross , a federal election lawyer .
" I think it is permissible for the party committee to make that judgment . "
The distinction is simply a matter of statute .
The McCain - sponsored campaign finance reform bill in 2002 specifically bars the campaign committees from purchasing items for personal use such as clothing , campaign finance lawyers say .
That same ban , however , is not written into the statute for other fundraising entities like PACs or the political party , creating one of the many loopholes that allow campaigns to skirt some of the restrictions put on election spending .
Some have still raised questions about whether the Palin wardrobe purchase is legal because it was made as a coordinated expenditure , a type of purchase done by a political party directly for a campaign and subject to monetary limits each election cycle by law .
While largely the Federal Election Commission has n't applied the personal use restrictions to coordinated expenses , some lawyers say should be .
" There 's an argument that as a coordinated party expenditure , it should be treated the same , " said Lawrence Noble , former general counsel at the FEC .
" I think there is a strong argument that it is . "
In the meantime the RNC says that the clothing is its property and after the campaign it will be returned to them and donated to charity , which it expects will eliminate any questions of gift restrictions or taxes .
But for now , says Scott Thomas , a former chair of the FEC , " It 's more of a political issue than a legal issue . "
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
A single molecule in the intestinal wall , activated by the waste products from gut bacteria , plays a large role in controlling whether the host animals are lean or fatty , a research team , including scientists from UT Southwestern Medical Center , has found in a mouse study .
When activated , the molecule slows the movement of food through the intestine , allowing the animal to absorb more nutrients and thus gain weight .
Without this signal , the animals weigh less .
The study shows that the host can use bacterial byproducts not only as a source of nutrients , but also as chemical signals to regulate body functions .
It also points the way to a potential method of controlling weight , the researchers said .
" It 's quite possible that blocking this receptor molecule in the intestine might fight a certain kind of obesity by blocking absorption of energy from the gut , " said Dr. Masashi Yanagisawa , professor of molecular genetics at UT Southwestern and a senior co-author of the study , which appears online in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Humans , like other animals , have a large and varied population of beneficial bacteria that live in the intestines .
The bacteria break up large molecules that the host cannot digest .
The host in turn absorbs many of the resulting small molecules for energy and nutrients .
" The number of bacteria in our gut far exceeds the total number of cells in our bodies , " said Dr. Yanagisawa .
advertisement
" It 's truly a mutually beneficial relationship .
We provide the bacteria with food , and in return they supply energy and nutrients , " he explained .
Using mice , the researchers focused on two species of bacteria that break up dietary fibers from food into small molecules called short - chain fatty acids .
Dr. Yanagisawa 's team previously had found that short - chain fatty acids bind to and activate a receptor molecule in the gut wall called Gpr41 , although little was known about the physiological outcome of Gpr41 activation .
The researchers disrupted communication between the bacteria and the hosts in two ways : raising normal mice under germ - free conditions so they lacked the bacteria , and genetically engineering other mice to lack Gpr41 so they were unable to respond to the bacteria .
In both cases , the mice weighed less and had a leaner build than their normal counterparts even though they all ate the same amount .
The researchers also found that in mice without Gpr41 , the intestines passed food more quickly .
They hypothesized that one action of Gpr41 is to slow down the motion that propels food forward , so that more nutrients can be absorbed .
Thus , if the receptor cannot be activated , food is expelled more quickly , and the animal gets less energy from it .
Because mice totally lacking Gpr41 were still healthy and had intestinal function , the receptor may be a likely target for drugs that can slow , but not stop , energy intake , Dr. Yanagisawa said .
Other UT Southwestern researchers involved in the study were co-lead author and graduate student Abdullah Shaito ; Dr. Toshiyuki Motoike , assistant professor of molecular genetics ; research specialist Clay Willams ; and Dr. Robert Hammer , professor of biochemistry .
Researchers from Washington University School of Medicine , the Japan Science and Technology Agency and Howard Hughes Medical Institute in Chevy Chase , Md. , also participated .
The study was funded by the National Science Foundation , the National Institutes of Health , the W.M. Keck Foundation , the Japan Science and Technology Agency and HHMI .
Since the day one when I joined Scribd , I was thinking about the fact that 90 + % of our traffic is going to the document view pages , which is a single action in our documents controller .
I was wondering how could we improve this action responsiveness and make our users happier .
Few times I was creating a git branches and hacking this action trying to implement some sort of page - level caching to make things faster .
But all the time results were n’t as good as I ’d like them to be .
So , branches were sitting there and waiting for a better idea .
Few months ago my good friend has joined Scribd and we ’ve started thinking on this problem together .
As the result of our brainstorming we ’ve managed to figure out what were the problems preventing us from doing efficient caching :
First of all , a lots of code in the action is changing the page view if our visitor is a bot ( no , not a cloaking , just some minor adjustments of the view ) .
Second problem was a set of differences in the view for anonymous and logged in users .
And finally , third problem was the fact that the page has a few blocks that change pretty dynamically : document stats pane and comments lists .
All these problems when combined were creating a lots of pain when I was trying to cache a whole page .
When we ’ve figured them out , we ’ve started thinking on how could we generalize possible combinations of those factors and possible approaches to caching .
There is a well known idea in web applications development : the fastest web app action is an action that does not require any code to be executed on your application server .
So , first idea we ’ve tried to think about was some approach that would definitely reduce the number of hits on our app servers .
This idea was based on HTTP protocol features related to Last - Modified and E - Tag headers .
But there was a problem – not so many users go to the same page twice so even if we ’d make the page cacheable , it would n’t help too much .
But the idea of full page caching outside of the application was really good and we ’ve started playing with it to figure out how to use it in production .
Long time ago , when Internet was slow and expensive many ISPs and large companies were trying to reduce their traffic w/o hurting users ’ experience .
Then caching proxy servers were born .
The idea of those servers was to handle all web requests going from a network ( ISP or a company office ) and try to cache as much content as possible so when the same or some other user would request a cached page , proxy server would return it really fast .
If we ’d implement support for those Last - Modified headers , all proxy servers would be happy to cache our pages .
But there was a problem – no one uses caching proxies in 2008 🙂
So , we ’ve got an idea – why ca n’t we place such a server in front of our application and make it cache content for all users in the world ?
( Yes , we knew about a caching reverse proxies before – I ’m just trying to explain the flow of our thoughts and words when we were brainstorming the problem ) .
The only problem with this approach would be to differentiate logged in users , anonymous users and bots .
Considering the fact that our proxy server could be placed between the app and our web servers ( nginx ) , we ’ve decided to create a nginx module that would translate the same document page URLs to a set of URLs , which would be different for all those 3 kinds of users .
When all those problems with different kinds of users were solved , we ’ve decided to solve the last one – non-cacheable dynamic stats pane .
The solution was pretty simple – we ’ve added a small ajax call to the page which would update stats on the cached version of our page for all real users while bots will see the same page , but with a bit stale stats pane .
Long story short , the results is really great .
Application servers load reduced by 50 - 70 % , database servers load is reduced by 30 - 60 % , response times dropped down to 150 - 200 msec from 500 - 750 msec .
As an additional positive effect of the caching we ’ve managed to remove all fragments caches from the application and free more of memcached resources for data caches .
Here are a few cacti graphs of our servers load / traffic ( the caching was introduced on Oct 9th at night ) :
Main MySQL command counters :
One of our Application Servers CPU Usage :
One of our Application Servers Load Average :
Unfortunately there are a lot of things to share related to this caching experience , so I ’ve decided to make a series of posts that would explain all the problems we had and solutions we ’ve found for each of the following parts of the caching system :
Logged in Users and Complex URLs Handling
Rails code to support Last - Modified headers and how we purge caches
Squid Server setup ( configs and hardware )
Nginx module development
So , if you ’re interested in details , subscribe to this blog ’s RSS feed and in a few days you ’ll see the first article from this series .
I seldom pause to answer criticism of my blog .
If I did , I 'd have time for little else in the course of the day , and no time for constructive work .
But occasionally I 'll encounter a particularly well written critique that gives me pause , such as Alastair Rankine 's Blogging Horror .
Since I feel that Alastair wrote it out of genuine good will , and that his criticisms are sincerely set forth , I want to try to answer his statement in what I hope will be patient and reasonable terms .
However , Coding Horror has become so popular that Atwood has quit his day job and struck out on his own .
To my mind , this raises the bar somewhat .
Professional bloggers deserve more scrutiny than dabblers , just as in many other fields .
Not only has Atwood has gone pro with his blog , but has recently started a venture called stackoverflow to collate accepted wisdom from the software development community .
It is early days , but from what I can gather there is still likely to be Atwood 's editorial hand in the output , despite intentions of adopting community generated content .
In other words , Atwood seems to be setting himself up as an authority figure on software development and , well , I have some issues with this .
I 'd like to first answer this with two slides from my January CUSEC presentation , presented here verbatim with no modifications .
Authority in our field is a strange thing .
Perceived authority is stranger still .
I 've always thought of myself as nothing more than a rank amateur seeking enlightenment .
This blog is my attempt to invite others along for the journey .
It has become a rather popular journey along the way , which has subtly altered the nature of the journey and the way I approach it , but the goal remains the same .
It troubles me greatly to hear that people see me as an expert or an authority , and not a fellow amateur :
When I got back to Boston I went to the library and discovered a book by Kimura on the subject , and much to my disappointment , all of our " discoveries " were covered in the first few pages .
When I called back and told Richard what I had found , he was elated .
" Hey , we got it right ! " he said .
" Not bad for amateurs . "
In retrospect I realize that in almost everything that we worked on together , we were both amateurs .
In digital physics , neural networks , even parallel computing , we never really knew what we were doing .
But the things that we studied were so new that no one else knew exactly what they were doing either .
It was amateurs who made the progress .
These people are industry giants , so any comparison between them and myself is accidental .
It 's the overall point they 're making that I want to call your attention to : software is an incredibly young discipline .
Everything in software is so new and so frequently being reinvented that almost nobody really knows what they are doing .
It is amateurs who make all the progress .
When it comes to software development , if you profess expertise , if you pitch yourself as an authority , you 're either lying to us , or lying to yourself .
In our heart of hearts , we know : the real progress is made by the amateurs .
They 're so busy living software they do n't usually have time to pontificate at length about the breadth of their legendary expertise .
If I 've learned anything in my career , it is that approaching software development as an expert , as someone who has already discovered everything there is to know about a given topic , is the one surest way to fail .
Experts are , if anything , more suspect than the amateurs , because they 're less honest .
Regardless , you absolutely should question everything I write here , in the same way you question everything you 've ever read online -- or anywhere else for that matter .
Your own research and data should trump any claims you read from anyone , no matter how much of an authority or expert you , I , Google , or the general community at large may believe them to be .
But if , as Alastair correctly points out , I now derive a significant part of my income from blogging , does n't that make me a professional blogger by definition ?
I thought Dave Winer had a great explanation that I 'll gladly co-opt :
Now if you ask me – there never was such a thing as a pro blogger .
It 's a contradiction in terms .
It 's like calling someone a professional amateur .
It 's like salty orange juice , a drink whose taste is derived from its acidity .
Blogging is an amateur activity .
It 's users writing about what they do , not professionals writing about what users do .
What Dave 's describing here is the difference between a journalist writing about programmers versus a programmer writing about programming .
Blogging does not mean observing from the outside ; it means participation .
I like to think what I do at Coding Horror is a byproduct of shipping software , not some sort of bizarre sociological experiment I 'm conducting .
Although sometimes , I 'll admit , it does feel that way .
I am a generalist with a decidedly lowbrow coding background , so I can be a little scatterbrained .
But directly or indirectly , everything I 've ever written on this blog is a side - effect of my deep , lifelong love of my ongoing work as a programmer .
You could argue that I 'm a better writer than programmer .
Perhaps that 's true .
I 'll be the first to tell you that I am not an exceptional programmer .
A competent programmer , yes .
Always .
On a good day , perhaps even a decent programmer .
But I do n't kid myself , either .
I 'll never be one of the best .
But what I lack in talent , I make up in intensity .
Which means , mathematically speaking , I must be pretty damn intense .
The bite - sized morsels posted to Coding Horror are all very well for bite - sized topics .
But things can often go awry if the topic is too complex to be distilled down easily .
Oversimplification often ensues , as in the following examples , all recent :
An attempted critique of XML ...
A similar " it 's - too - hard " reaction seems to be at the heart of an article on humane markup languages ...
Admittedly Model - View - Controller is an increasingly vague concept these days , but I just could n't buy Atwood 's example of it ...
A comment that software forking is " the very embodiment of freedom zero " demonstrates that Atwood has no idea what freedom zero is ...
Common to all of these are a superficial understanding of the topic at hand .
In short , Atwood just is n't credible .
Maybe a little too intense , sometimes .
It 's almost like I 'm trying to overcompensate for something , but I can't imagine what that could be .
I 'm Rex , founder of the Rex Kwon Do self - defense system !
After one week with me in my dojo , you 'll be prepared to defend yourself with the STRENGTH of a grizzly , the reflexes of a PUMA , and the wisdom of a MAN .
Like Rex of Rex Kwon
Do , perhaps I 'm relying a bit too heavily on the " Smackdown " learning model here in my dojo .
I use it because I personally find it incredibly effective , for all the reasons that Kathy Sierra outlines .
But I worry that for some , it 's getting in the way , damaging the credibility of the underlying message .
Instead of arriving at the desired learning part , all they 're getting is the smackdown .
I certainly hope my posts are read and understood as slightly more nuanced than " Everything About PHP Sucks " , " Everything About XML Sucks " , or my personal favorite , " Everything About ( your favorite technology ) Sucks .
Seriously . "
I suppose it 's also an issue of personal style .
To me , writing without a strong voice , writing filled with second guessing and disclaimers , is tedious and difficult to slog through .
I go out of my way to write in a strong voice because it 's more effective .
But whenever I post in a strong voice , it is also an implied invitation to a discussion , a discussion where I often change my opinion and invariably learn a great deal about the topic at hand .
I believe in the principle of strong opinions , weakly held :
A couple years ago , I was talking the Institute 's Bob Johansen about wisdom , and he explained that – to deal with an uncertain future and still move forward – they advise people to have " strong opinions , which are weakly held . "
They 've been giving this advice for years , and I understand that it was first developed by [ former ] Institute Director Paul Saffo .
Bob explained that weak opinions are problematic because people are n't inspired to develop the best arguments possible for them , or to put forth the energy required to test them .
Bob explained that it was just as important , however , to not be too attached to what you believe because , otherwise , it undermines your ability to " see " and " hear " evidence that clashes with your opinions .
This is what psychologists sometimes call the problem of " confirmation bias . "
So when you read one of my posts and hear this :
My name is Rex , and if you study with my eight - week program you will learn a system of self defense that I developed over two seasons of fighting in the Octagon .
It 's called ...
Rex Kwon Do !
Please consider it a strong opinion weakly held , a mock fight between fellow amateurs of equal stature , held in an Octagon where everyone retains their sense of humor , has an open mind , and enjoys a spirited debate where we all learn something .
Now bow to your sensei !
Bow to your sensei !
The Antiplanner is an unabashed rail nut .
My office walls are filled with pictures of trains and rail memorabilia .
I ’ve traveled at least a quarter of a million miles on Amtrak and Canada ’s VIA .
When I ’ve visited Europe , Australia , and New Zealand , my preferred method of local travel has always been by train .
I helped restore the nation ’s second - most powerful operating steam locomotive , and my living room has the beginnings of a model railroad .
There is no doubt that , if high - speed rail worked , I would be the first to support it .
But my definition of “ works ” is somewhat different from that of rail advocates , one of whom once told me that he considered a rail transit project successful if it allowed just one person to get to work a little faster — no matter how much it cost everyone else .
For me , “ works ” means that a project is cost - effective at achieving worthwhile objectives .
“ Cost - effective ” means that no other projects could accomplish the same objectives at a lower cost .
“ Worthwhile objectives ” might include reducing traffic congestion , air pollution , or energy consumption .
Though high - speed rail advocates are gleeful about the prospect , I do n’t consider shutting down competing air service to be a worthwhile objective .
This series of posts on high - speed rail has revealed at least twelve important facts .
1 . Far from being a success , Japanese bullet trains put the previously profitable , state - owned Japanese National Railways into virtual bankruptcy .
This forced the government to privatize the railroad and absorb $ 200 billion in high - speed debt .
2 . Nor did the bullet trains slow Japan ’s adoption of automobiles .
Instead , the growth of auto driving accelerated when the bullet trains were introduced , partly because the Japanese National Railways responded to their monetary losses by raising fares .
Since the bullet trains were introduced , rails lost more than half their market share of travel to the automobile .
Some commenters have kindly pointed out that , at 29 percent , rail ’s market share in Japan is still very respectable by Western standards .
But Japan ’s main island , Honshu , where most of the high - speed rail lines are located , has a population density of more than 1,100 people per square mile .
That ’s a far greater density than any comparable area of the U.S. or Europe , so it is likely that rail ’s share would be high even without high - speed rail .
Most Japanese railway passengers do n’t ride the high - speed rail in any case .
3. Europe ’s high - speed rail story is no better .
Since introducing high - speed rail , rail has slowly but steadily lost market share to autos and airlines .
Despite spending tens of billions of dollars per year subsidizing rail , the only European countries where rail has more than a 9 percent share of passenger travel — including Hungary and Switzerland — do n’t have high - speed rail .
4. Florida studied and discarded high - speed rail partly because of the high cost and partly because environmental analyses concluded that “ the environmentally preferred alternative is the No Build Alternative . ”
5 . The proposed California high - speed rail network is currently projected to cost at least $ 43 billion , and the actual cost is likely to be well over $ 50 billion .
Although rail advocates claim California taxpayers will only have to pay only $ 9.95 billion ( plus a roughly equal amount of interest ) of this amount , there is absolutely no assurance that either the federal government or private investors will be willing to dedicate much money to the project .
6 . The $ 9.95 billion in general obligation bonds that voters will consider approving in November will not do much more than build a high - speed rail line from San Francisco to San Jose .
They will , however , add about $ 650 million in annual costs to a state government already saddled with deficits .
7 . If the California system is ever built , the Rail Authority ’s projected 2020 ridership numbers are not likely to be achieved .
The Authority is projecting more than three to nearly six times as many riders as Amtrak carries in its Northeast Corridor , which has more people than the California corridor will have in 2020 .
High - speed rail ’s time advantage over air is most pronounced on the shorter trips taken in the Northeast Corridor than the longer trips that would be more typical in California , casting further doubt on the Authority ’s projections .
8 . Voters do not have a choice between highways or high - speed rail .
They have a choice between highways or high - speed rail and more highways .
Even if ridership projections are achieved , high - speed rail will reduce traffic on parallel roads by an average of just 3.8 percent .
Since traffic on rural California freeways grows at 2.7 percent per year , traffic will be back to pre-rail levels less than 18 months after the network is completed .
9 . When the costs of construction are counted , high - speed rail will save either trivial or no amounts of energy , air pollution , and greenhouse gas emissions .
The main discernible effect of high - speed rail will be the decimation of local air services .
10 .
Despite the straw - man alternative in the EIS , highway and air alternatives will cost far less than high - speed rail .
California can and should develop a 21st - century transportation system funded entirely out of user fees .
But that system will consist mainly of highways and air , not high - speed rail .
11 . Like other megaprojects , planners and advocates of high - speed rail are guilty of both optimism bias ( where planners deceive themselves ) and strategic misrepresentation ( where they deceive the public ) .
While the line between the two is sometimes difficult to discern , claims that the state can build even just the San Francisco to Los Angeles segment without spending more than $ 10 billion , that the rail system will reduce the need to build more roads and expand airports , the use of a straw man alternative in the EIS , and assumptions that cars and planes will never become more energy efficient than they are today are all examples of one or the other .
12 . As others have noted , the main beneficiaries of high - speed rail will be the companies that will design , engineer , and build it — including Parsons Brinckerhoff , the company that did most of the projections for the EIS .
These companies in turn are the main backers of the line .
If you live in California , the scariest possibility is that , if the measure passes , the Rail Authority will blow the entire $ 9.95 billion accomplishing practically nothing .
If you live outside of California , the scariest possibility is that the measure ’s passage will lead to a cascade of similar high - speed rail projects all over the country costing taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars — while still accomplishing practically nothing .
Chameleon TV : The ' invisible ' satellite dish that blends in with your brickwork
They 're hardly the most attractive or classy addition to the exterior of a home .
So designers have come up with a satellite dish that ’s less likely to incur the disapproving glances of the neighbours .
Called the Sqish , it is a receiver which blends in with its surroundings .
Scroll down for more
Your traditional , not - too - attractive satellite dish ...
...
The chameleon - like Sqish hides itself from view thanks to a sticker designed from a digital photo image
Whereas conventional dishes are round , concave and grey , the Sqish is a flat square , giving it its name .
Buyers decide where they want the receiver placed on their house , take a photograph of the surrounding wall and the Sqish is then supplied to match its background .
The Sqish has just arrived on the UK market and , according to those trying to sell it , it is already being ordered by homeowners who live in conservation areas which have planning restrictions .
It also appeals to those who live in areas where satellite dishes are thought to lower the tone .
This phenomenon is described by the Sqish ’s suppliers as ‘ dish stigma ’ .
Phil Millington , of UK stockist The Satellite Shop in Tunbridge Wells , Kent , declared : ‘ The Sqish is a discreet alternative to a satellite dish and can be used to receive Sky and Freesat in the UK .
It can be camouflaged to help it blend into its surroundings with the addition of a bespoke sticker created from a digital photo .
‘ It can also be used in areas sensitive to planning restrictions or dish stigma – and in coastal towns where dishes are prone to rust – because it is made from plastic . '
The Sqish costs £ 149 and an extra £ 25 for the matt - finish camouflage sticker .
The camouflage receiver may also prove useful to households whose satellite dishes regularly become home to nesting birds , the activities of which can interfere with the quality of the TV signal .
With some perspective :
An angled shot shows how the Sqish illusion work
by Ari Rutenberg
Stewart is the man !
This is ( very poor ) video of Stewart doing a scathing stand - up routine at Northeastern University last Friday .
The wingnuts are up in arms about it , comparing it to the death threats against Obama , but strangely enough they get the hat - tip on this one .
Thanks for being humorless and having no concept that expressing your antipathy towards someone is not the same as threatening them with death , Weekly Standard !
A GERMAN man has been sentenced to three years in prison for selling his partner as a sex slave to his neighbour for a crate of beer .
The bizarre deal between the 39 - year - old man from Hersfeld - Rotenburg and his 60 - year - old neighbour was revealed after a 32 - year - old woman told police about her ordeal .
The court in Fulda established that the woman was forced by her alcoholic partner to have sex with the elderly neighbour for several weeks .
The neighbour paid with a crate of beer for every visit .
The neighbour was sentenced to a two - year suspended jail sentence and a single payment of € 2000 ( $ 3463 ) to the victim .
If the thought of your kids downing enough M&Ms on Halloween night to fill a beanbag before racing to conquer the 32 newly acquisitioned Kit Kat bars makes you feel a bit queasy , rest assured :
Their primal chocolate gorging is the lesser of two evils for their teeth .
It is far worse to make them ration the candy all through the day , day after day , says Mark Helpin , a pediatric dentist at Temple University in Philadelphia .
This is because snacking on candy keeps your teeth bathed in enamel - corroding acid , which is produced by bacteria feeding on sugar and other carbohydrates in your mouth .
In scenario one , your gluttonous little angel coats his teeth with sugar ; the oral bacteria experience their own version of Halloween ; and the acidity level in the mouth rises .
But this can be neutralized regardless of the amount of candy eaten when the child brushes his teeth .
Even if he does n't brush , saliva will eventually wash away the sugar in about an hour , starve the bacteria , and neutralize the acid .
In scenario two , the child builds up acid in his mouth with the first candy bar ; but if he has a second one an hour later , he pumps up the acid level again .
Constant snacking on candy ensures the mouth stays acidic , which can lead to tooth decay .
The best scenario is to brush after every meal or snack , but good luck with that .
Battle of the junk foods
Helpin also says there 's little use in substituting those Reese 's Cups for a bag of potato chips .
Acid-producing bacteria feed on the carbohydrates in potatoes just as readily as they do on the sugar in chocolate .
What you need to worry about , he says , is not the sugary factor per se but rather the stickiness factor .
The cooked starches in potato chips cling to teeth longer than the sugar in chocolate does , making potato chips the greater risk for tooth - decay .
Worse yet are gummy candies and taffies that stay wedged in teeth for what can seem like days .
So , perhaps counterintuitive , those healthy sounding 100 - percent fruit strips that stay locked in one 's molars until Christmas are worse for the teeth than a pack of Pez , which comprise just two ingredients : sugar and purple .
Watch your mouth
All of this " good news " about candy applies only to oral health , of course , and should not be an excuse to substitute whole wheat bread in your diet with a box of Zagnut bars .
Candy constitutes empty calories , largely devoid of nutrients , save for the 2 percent of your daily recommended allowance of iron per Zagnut serving .
Oral health is nothing to neglect , though .
Tooth decay and gum disease are major public health problems , associated with poor digestion , heart attacks , strokes , cancers and low - birth - weight babies , stemming from oral bacteria , inflammation and subsequent infections .
And as for your kids , considering the continuing collapse of the stock market , you might not be able to afford a visit from the tooth fairy .
Christopher Wanjek is the author of the books " Bad Medicine " and " Food At Work . "
Got a question about Bad Medicine ?
Email Wanjek .
If it ’s really bad , he just might answer it in a future column .
Bad Medicine appears each Tuesday on LiveScience .
North Carolina Democrat Kay Hagan is running against Republican incumbent Elizabeth Dole for a Senate seat , as I ’ve mentioned on here before .
Hagan is currently winning .
And momentum is on her side .
Much like John McCain ‘s campaign , when Republicans saw their candidate sliding in the polls , they decided to organize a smear campaign against the opposition .
How ?
By finding a loose association between the candidate and someone — anyone — the Republicans can vilify .
In this case , they ’ve exploited Hagan ’s attendance at a fundraiser last month held by two liberals — both of whom were very active with the ACLU , continue to stand for the rights of the oppressed , work with church / state separation groups … you get the idea ) .
They also happen to be atheists .
For the North Carolina Republicans , that ’s like striking oil .
What does their attack look like ?
Take a look .
Here ’s the mailing that just went out from the North Carolina Republican State Executive Committee ( via I ’m Important and Smart ) :
Let ’s see what they say … and how they ’re lying to you :
Godless Americans Political Action Committee is a left - wing organization based in Washington , DC — dedicated to “ Mobilizing America ’s Nonbelievers for Political Activism . ”
They actively support political candidates who are Atheists and who also support their liberal agenda to remove “ under God ” from the Pledge of Allegiance and force the Boy Scouts to accept atheists and homosexuals as troop leaders .
Their goal is to remove any reference to God in the public arena , including eliminating the Christmas Holiday
Now , once again with commentary :
Godless Americans Political Action Committee is a left - wing organization based in Washington , DC ( actually Parsippany , NJ ) — dedicated to “ Mobilizing America ’s Nonbelievers for Political Activism . ”
They actively support political candidates who are Atheists ( There are atheist candidates ?!
Name one .
I dare you .
Even Pete Stark , the one Congressperson who does n’t believe in God , does n’t call himself an “ atheist . ” ) and who also support their liberal agenda to remove “ under God ” from the Pledge of Allegiance ( that would be nice , but if it ever happens , it ’ll be through the Courts , not the Legislative Branch ) and force the Boy Scouts to accept atheists and homosexuals as troop leaders ( The Boy Scouts of America can unfortunately exclude whomever they want .
As long as they stay away from taxpayer money .
They do not , so the argument against them will continue . ) .
Their goal is to remove any reference to God in the public arena , including eliminating the Christmas Holiday ( No one wants to remove God from the public arena .
We simply ask our politicians to refrain from promoting any one particular religion over another — or religion over no religion . )
The Republicans march on ( the emphasis is theirs ) :
In North Carolina , Kay Hagan says she shares our values .
But , behind our backs she ’s the guest of honor at a fundraiser hosted by the most vile , radical liberals in America .
Vile ?
Radical ?
The fundraising hosts work with groups who want equal rights for everyone .
That includes Christians and Muslims and , yes , atheists .
Apparently , to the NC Republicans , the state ’s values include intolerance and bigotry .
Oh .
And they quote this website on the last image .
They do n’t quote me , the person who actually writes posts for this site .
Instead , they quote a commenter on this site .
What horrible thing did the commenter say ?
Nothing evil .
Just that he donated to Hagan ’s campaign .
And he said so on this site , a site with the title “ Friendly Atheist ” ( cue creepy music ) .
I do n’t know that I ’ve ever been to North Carolina besides driving through , but I just donated [ to Hagan ’s campaign ] .
Clearly , that ’s hate speech …
The Republican Party also quotes from our friend Ebonmuse at Daylight Atheism as well :
Hagan ought to be rewarded for inviting nonbelievers onto her platform …
What ?!
Rewarding a politician who invites more people onto her platform ?!
People the Republicans have pushed off their own platform ?!
Blasphemy .
Two other thoughts .
One :
Not that it matter a great deal here , but it ’s times like these I ’m glad my site ’s name is “ Friendly ” Atheist and Ebonmuse ’s site is “ Daylight ” Atheism .
It would look much worse if our sites were called “ Angry Atheist ” or “ Dark Atheism ” … there ’s something to be said for a more positive , optimistic outlook on atheism .
Two :
It ’s not too late to donate to Kay Hagan .
You can help get these sleazy anti-atheist Republicans out of office .
Thanks to reader Pete for informing me about this .
He wrote this in an email to me :
I am an atheist currently living in North Carolina .
I have been leaning towards Kay Hagan in the upcoming election for some time now , but I had yet to make up my mind for sure .
“ The Benefit of Elizabeth Dole Committee , Inc. ” changed that today …
I have always known that I would be voting against Elizabeth Dole in this election , but now I know that I will be voting for Kay Hagan .
By Ben Cohen
In an increasingly desperate series of coordinated attacks , the Republicans are pulling out every dirty rotten trick in the book and throwing them at Obama at every opportunity .
Formerly disgraced House Majority Leader Tom DeLay went on Hard Ball with Chris Matthews and spouted an unbelievable amount of disgusting bile , showing no shame in disgracing himself and denigrating his profession .
DeLay attempted to smear Obama , directly accusing him of being a closet communist , supporter of terrorism and wanting to re-write the constitution .
I try to refrain from using bad language on this site as I believe it is usually unnecessary .
In the case of Tom DeLay , I wish the guy would just FUCK OFF .
Seriously .
This type of vicious , slimey politics is threatening to sink the Republican Party , and I honestly hope it does .
People like DeLay should be the first to go if and when the Republicans decided to get their act together , and it will be a happy day when this crack head is sent out to the porch with a bottle of whiskey to sit on his rocking chair .
Watch in disgust below :
And the Doughy Pantload comes through with the most awesomest spin of the campaign so far .
I will paraphrase :
“ John McCain does not use a computer because he was a POW . ”
Right now you probably think I am kidding .
Take it away , Jonah :
Does anyone know why McCain does n’t use a computer or email ?
As a couple readers suggested to me , it might be because his injuries prevent it .
I mean he ca n’t lift his arms much higher than his chest and it looks like he has all sorts of other mobility problems with them .
Maybe he can’t type or use something like a blackberry .
I do n’t know .
But I hope the Obama campaign found out before they played the granpa Simpson card on McCain .
I ’d hate for Obama to be mocking a veteran ’s disability to score cheap points .
Umm , Jonah ?
This is officially the stupidest fucking election ever .
*** Update ***
Jonah is deadly serious in peddling this piffle :
The reason he does n’t send email is that he ca n’t use a keyboard because of the relentless beatings he received from the Viet Cong in service to our country .
From the Boston Globe ( March 4 , 2000 ) : McCain gets emotional at the mention of military families needing food stamps or veterans lacking health care .
The outrage comes from inside : McCain ’s severe war injuries prevent him from combing his hair , typing on a keyboard , or tying his shoes .
Friends marvel at McCain ’s encyclopedic knowledge of sports .
He ’s an avid fan – Ted Williams is his hero – but he can’t raise his arm above his shoulder to throw a baseball .
Behold the next wingnut fauxtrage .
Kinda cool watching these morons work in real time .
Someone tell the morons to read this story :
There ’s no telling if he ’s going to buy a tape from the Video Professor , or just have his son - in - law sit down with him for a few days , but John McCain has decided to learn how to use the internet .
“ I am learning to get online myself , and I will have that down fairly soon , getting on myself , ” McCain told the New York Times in an interview that appeared Sunday .
“ I do n’t expect to be a great communicator , I do n’t expect to set up my own blog , but I am becoming computer literate to the point where I can get the information that I need . ”
Even so , McCain bluntly admits , “ I do n’t e-mail .
I ’ve never felt the particular need to e-mail . ”
Or this one :
Q : What websites if any do you look at regularly ?
Mr. McCain : Brooke and Mark show me Drudge , obviously , everybody watches , for better or for worse , Drudge .
Sometimes I look at Politico .
Sometimes RealPolitics , sometimes .
( Mrs. McCain and Ms. Buchanan both interject : “ Meagan ’s blog ! ” ) Mr. McCain : Excuse me , Meagan ’s blog .
And we also look at the blogs from Michael and from you that may not be in the newspaper , that are just part of your blog .
Q : But do you go on line for yourself ?
Mr. McCain :
They go on for me .
I am learning to get online myself , and I will have that down fairly soon , getting on myself .
I do n’t expect to be a great communicator , I do n’t expect to set up my own blog , but I am becoming computer literate to the point where I can get the information that I need – including going to my daughter ’s blog first , before anything else .
Q : Do you use a blackberry or email ?
Mr. McCain : No Mark Salter :
He uses a BlackBerry , just ours .
It should come as no great surprise that these are the same folks who think Sarah Palin has foreign policy experience because Alaska is close to Russia .
Clown shoes , I tell you .
Clown shoes .
*** Update # 2 ***
Game , set , match :
It then shows a picture of McCain and George Bush and says , “ After one president who was out of touch , we just ca n’t afford more of the same . ”
Hitting an opponent on economic issues is standard political strategy .
But going after a candidate for his skill with computers and e-mail … … is a new , 21st century line of attack .
The McCain campaign charged that it ’s untrue .
“ John McCain travels with a laptop , ” said McCain campaign spokesman Tucker Bounds .
“ This is a senseless tactic from Obama ’s campaign because they ’re struggling with the realization that the American people understand he is not equipped to deliver change because his record has no bipartisanship or significant legislative accomplishment in it . ”
That was the McCain campaign , today .
Is there anyone dumber than right wing bloggers ?
BTW -
These loons are desperately hoping they can push this meme into the MSM , but are forgetting one thing .
While they are blogging from where ever their fact - free zone is , high on cheeto dust , actual reporters have spent the last 20 years covering McCain , riding on the Straight Talk Express , riding on his campaign plane , watching him , and have seen him repeatedly use a blackberry and a phone and a computer and drive his car and god knows what else ( including fly a plane AFTER returning from Viet Nam and throw out the first pitch in Game 7 of the 2001 World Series ) .
The morons pushing this nonsense really are in a fantasy land of their own creation .
Amazing : Obama Helped Stranded Stranger 20 Years Ago
Oct 05 , 2008
The Norwegian newspaper VG has reported a truly amazing story about a newly - wed trying to get to Norway to be with her husband , and the stranger who helped pay an unexpected luggage surcharge .
The blog " Leisha 's Random Thoughts " has translated the story .
It was 1988 , and Mary Andersen was at the Miami airport checking in for a long flight to Norway to be with her husband when the airline representative informed her that she would n't be able to check her luggage without paying a 100 surcharge :
When it was finally Mary ’s turn , she got the message that would crush her bubbling feeling of happiness .
- You ’ll have to pay a 103 dollar surcharge if you want to bring both those suitcases to Norway , the man behind the counter said .
Mary had no money .
Her new husband had travelled ahead of her to Norway , and she had no one else to call .
- I was completely desperate and tried to think which of my things I could manage without .
But I had already made such a careful selection of my most prized possessions , says Mary .
As tears streamed down her face , she heard a " gentle and friendly voice " behind her saying , " That 's okay , I 'll pay for her . "
Mary turned around to see a tall man whom she had never seen before .
- He had a gentle and kind voice that was still firm and decisive .
The first thing I thought was , Who is this man ?
Although this happened 20 years ago , Mary still remembers the authority that radiated from the man .
- He was nicely dressed , fashionably dressed with brown leather shoes , a cotton shirt open at the throat and khaki pants , says Mary .
She was thrilled to be able to bring both her suitcases to Norway and assured the stranger that he would get his money back .
The man wrote his name and address on a piece of paper that he gave to Mary .
She thanked him repeatedly .
When she finally walked off towards the security checkpoint , he waved goodbye to her .
Who was the man ?
Barack Obama .
Twenty years later , she is thrilled that the friendly stranger at the airport may be the next President and has voted for him already and donated 100 dollars to his campaign :
- He was my knight in shining armor , says Mary , smiling .
She paid the 103 dollars back to Obama the day after she arrived in Norway .
At that time he had just finished his job as a poorly paid community worker * in Chicago , and had started his law studies at prestigious Harvard university .
Mary even convinced her parents to vote for him :
In the spring of 2006 Mary ’s parents had heard that Obama was considering a run for president , but that he had still not decided .
They chose to write a letter in which they told him that he would receive their votes .
At the same time , they thanked Obama for helping their daughter 18 years earlier .
And Obama replied :
In a letter to Mary ’s parents dated May 4th , 2006 and stamped ‘ United States Senate , Washington DC ’ , Barack Obama writes :
‘ I want to thank you for the lovely things you wrote about me and for reminding me of what happened at Miami airport .
I ’m happy I could help back then , and I ’m delighted to hear that your daughter is happy in Norway .
Please send her my best wishes .
Sincerely , Barack Obama , United States Senator ’.
The parents sent the letter on to Mary .
Mary says that when her friends and associates talk about the election , especially when race relations is the heated subject , she relates the story of the kind man who helped out a stranger - in - need over twenty years ago , years before he had even thought about running for high office .
Truly a wonderful story , and something that needs to be passed along in the maelstorm of fear - and - smear politics we are being subjected to right now .
UPDATE : Thanks for the recommends , folks !
Also , remember this was 1988 , when 100 dollars was quite a bit of money , compared to today 's value .
By the way , this would be the perfect antidote to the Smear E - mails going around .
If anyone has a good long email chain list , shoot it out , and let it be passed along .
Newer Post Older Post Home
Blog Archive Blog Archive September ( 2 ) August ( 1 ) April ( 1 ) November ( 3 ) October ( 5 ) September ( 2 ) August ( 2 ) March ( 1 ) November ( 1 ) August ( 5 ) July ( 3 ) June ( 6 ) May ( 10 ) April ( 15 ) March ( 8 ) February ( 35 ) January ( 35 ) December ( 31 ) November ( 50 ) October ( 34 ) September ( 44 ) August ( 62 ) July ( 57 ) June ( 47 ) May ( 46 ) April ( 54 ) March ( 93 ) February ( 40 ) January ( 11 )
Rachel Maddow's TV Ratings Shoot Through the Roof
The greatest thing for news junkies is the current line - up on MSNBC .
Pundits Chris Matthews , Keith Oblberman have been joined by the super - bright Rhodes Scholar , Rachel Maddow .
The girl is smart !
She is also courageous and calls a spade a spade .
Check her out .
By Jan Frel , AlterNet
Posted on September 18 , 2008 , Printed on September 19 , 2008
http://www.alternet.org/bloggers/www.alternet.org/99378/
The latest cable news ratings show that Rachel Maddow is already ahead of Keith Olbermann and Larry King .
Quite a feat in the ultra - competitive TV news environment .
Cable News Ratings for Tuesday , September 16
8 PM - P2 + ( 25 - 54 ) ( 35 - 64 )
The O'Reilly Factor - 3,060,000 viewers ( 731,000 ) ( 1,253,000 )
Election Center - 1,166,000 viewers ( 431,000 ) ( 576,000 )
Countdown w/ Keith Olbermann - 1,635,000 viewers ( 509,000 ) ( 771,000 )
On the Money - - 207,000 viewers ( 65,000 ) ( 106,000 )
Nancy Grace - 1,166,000 viewers ( 412,000 ) ( 618,000 )
9 PM - P2 + ( 25 - 54 ) ( 35 - 64 )
Hannity & Colmes - 3,136,000 viewers ( 716,000 ) ( 1,375,000 )
Larry King --1,710,000 viewers ( 496,000 ) ( 801,000 )
Rachel Maddow Show - 1,801,000 viewers ( 534,000 ) ( 872,000 )
Business of Innovation - - a scratch w/102,000 viewers ( a scratch w/42,000 ) ( 59,000 )
Glenn Beck - 656,000 viewers ( 211,000 ) ( 354,000 )
Jan Frel is an AlterNet staff writer .
© 2008 Independent Media Institute .
All rights reserved .
View this story online at : http://www.alternet.org/bloggers/www.alternet.org/99378/
McCain's Closing Argument Washington Post
Columnist
By George F. Will
September 18 , 2008
Man is in love and loves what vanishes .
What more is there to say ?
-- William Butler Yeats
Conservatives , who reputedly have lumps of coal where their hearts should be , have fallen in love .
So have many people who are not doctrinal conservatives .
The world is a sweeter place because Sarah Palin has increased the quantity of love , but this is not a reliable foundation for John McCain 's campaign .
The tech bubble was followed by the housing bubble , which has been topped by the Palin bubble .
Bubbles will always be with us , because irrational exuberance always will be .
Its symptom is the assumption that old limits have yielded to undreamed - of possibilities :
The Dow will always rise , as will housing prices , and rapture about a running mate can be decisive in a presidential election .
Palin is as bracing as an Arctic breeze and delightfully elicits the condescension of liberals whose enthusiasm for everyday middle - class Americans cannot survive an encounter with one .
But the country 's romance with her will , as romances do , cool somewhat , and even before November some new fad might distract a nation that loves " American Idol " for the metronomic regularity with which it discovers genius in persons hitherto unsuspected of it .
McCain should , therefore , enunciate a closing argument for his candidacy that goes to fundamentals of governance , concerning which the vice presidency is usually peripheral .
His argument should assert the virtues of something that voters , judging by their behavior over time , prefer -- divided government .
The incumbent Republican president 's job approval is in the low 30s but is about 10 points higher than that of the Democratic - controlled Congress .
The 22nd Amendment will banish the president in January , but Congress will then be even more Democratic than it is now .
Does the country really want there to be no check on it ?
Consider two things that will quickly become law unless McCain is there to veto them or unless -- this is a thin reed on which to depend -- Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell has 40 reliable senators to filibuster them to deserved deaths .
The exquisitely misnamed Employee Free Choice
Act would strip from workers their right to secret ballots in unionization elections .
Instead , unions could use the " card check " system :
Once a majority of a company 's employees -- each person confronted one on one by a union organizer in an inherently coercive setting -- sign cards expressing consent , the union would be certified as the bargaining agent for all workers .
Proving that the law 's purpose is less to improve workers ' conditions than to capture dues payers for the unions , the law would forbid employers from discouraging unionization by giving " unilateral " -- not negotiated -- improvements in compensation and working conditions .
Unless McCain is president , the government will reinstate the equally misnamed " fairness doctrine . "
Until Ronald Reagan eliminated it in 1987 , that regulation discouraged freewheeling political programming by the threat of litigation over inherently vague standards of " fairness " in presenting " balanced " political views .
In 1980 there were fewer than 100 radio talk shows nationwide .
Today there are more than 1,400 stations entirely devoted to talk formats .
Liberals , not satisfied with their domination of academia , Hollywood and most of the mainstream media , want to kill talk radio , where liberals have been unable to dent conservatives ' dominance .
Today , as usual , but perhaps even more so , Americans are in the iron grip of cognitive dissonance .
It is a genteel mental disorder afflicting those people -- essentially everybody -- who have contradictory convictions and yearnings .
Consider health care .
Americans want 2008 medicine at 1958 prices , and universal coverage with undiminished choice -- without mandatory purchases or government interference with choices , including doctor - patient relationships .
As usual , neither party completely pleases a majority of voters .
That is why 19 of the 31 elections since World War II produced or preserved divided government -- the presidency and at least one chamber of Congress controlled by different parties .
Divided government compels compromises that curb each party 's excesses , especially both parties ' proclivities for excessive spending when unconstrained by an institution controlled by the other party .
William Niskanen , chairman of the libertarian Cato Institute , notes that in the past 50 years , " government spending has increased an average of only 1.73 percent annually during periods of divided government .
This number more than triples , to 5.26 percent , for periods of unified government . "
By picking Palin , McCain got the country 's attention .
That is a perishable thing , and before it dissipates , he should show the country his veto pen .
georgewill@washpost.com
Katrina Memories Give Republicans Reason to Worry September 2 , 2008
By Donna Brazile
Roll Call Staff
What a difference three years have made in the federal government ’s understanding of how to effectively , efficiently and compassionately deal with a natural disaster like a powerful hurricane hitting our nation ’s shores .
While the soap opera aspect of the Republican presidential campaign continues to unfold under the mainstream media radar , I ’d rather spend my time and attention while I ’m here at the Republican National Convention in St. Paul , Minn. , focusing on Hurricane Gustav , whose damaging winds and torrential rainfall are at this very moment wreaking havoc on 300 miles of New Orleans levees still under repair from three years ago .
The Republicans gathered here to nominate Arizona Sen. John McCain and Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin appear hopeful that Hurricane Gustav will wash away our memories of how the Bush White House and Republican - run federal government mishandled Hurricane Katrina .
Three years ago , we as a nation sat transfixed in horror as we watched our fellow Americans either bake or drown while waiting to be rescued from rooftops and the hellholes that were the Superdome and the New Orleans Convention Center .
After three years , the images that once burned onto disbelieving retinas continue to sear our hearts and memory .
It is impossible to forget the horrors of that week and the pain and suffering of those left behind and forgotten .
Nor should we forget .
Americans were left to die .
And we watched them being left to die .
More than 1,600 folks did die .
Dead from their government ’s incompetence , they live on in our thoughts and prayers — and votes .
Ironically , almost three years to the day after Hurricane Katrina made landfall and displaced hundreds of thousand of Americans left scattered across the country , the nation is once again reminded that it matters who sits behind the desk in the Oval Office .
This time , the federal government is not outsourcing its responsibilities to the state and local government .
This time , the executive branch has instructed the federal government to respond .
The 2008 Republican National Convention is still up in the air as organizers continue to scramble to pull together a truncated schedule that allows them to nominate their presidential and vice presidential candidates .
The delegates and alternates who have gathered from across America are truly sympathetic to the plight of those who had to evacuate .
Yes , they are deeply concerned .
Indeed , as I write this , they are looking for ways to help the GOP delegates from areas threatened by Hurricane Gustav get home safely to assess the damage and begin the repairing process .
No doubt McCain is painfully aware that all eyes will be on how his party and its leader will treat this latest attack on New Orleans and its Gulf Coast neighbors .
No doubt he remembers where he was when Katrina hit landfall three years ago : in Arizona with President Bush celebrating his birthday .
Like the president , who is holding fort in the emergency command centers in Texas , McCain is aware that the American people are watching .
Pictures matter , but so do public policies .
We continue to lack public policies that will help people with houses damaged from Gustav ( and Katrina and Rita , for that matter ) repair their homes and rebuild their lives .
Tens of thousands of Americans remain exiled from their homes .
I met one such survivor here at the Republican convention .
She ’s working as a top chef at one of the major hotels .
Like me , she was born at Charity Hospital in New Orleans .
When raging storm waters flooded her home , she fled to safety in St. Paul .
While watching the TV set near the hotel dining room with her , I watch as tears stream down her face .
I promise her things will be better this time .
I tell her the government will get everyone out safely and , later , help them get back home .
“ I hope so , ” she tells me .
“ I still am here and can not go back . ”
Aletha is not alone .
So many thousands of people , including my own siblings , must answer many questions after this storm has passed .
Can they go back and rebuild their lives ?
Can they afford to replace the roofs , windows and the other broken bits of their homes destroyed by Gustav ?
And what about the schools , the roads , the bridges and the hospitals ?
Will they also be rebuilt ?
When ?
Soon , we can only hope .
Just as we can only hope that the Republicans gathered here in Minnesota this week will not forget Gustav ’s victims after they return home and it ’s back to politics as usual .
McCain faces a unique challenge this week .
He must not only distance himself from the uncompassionate and incompetent response of the Bush administration concerning Hurricane Katrina ; he must also distance himself from his own hapless and heartless response .
After all , McCain voted against the emergency funding bill , including $ 28 billion for hurricane relief .
McCain voted against giving Katrina victims five months of Medicaid services .
He voted — twice — against establishing a commission to study the response to Hurricane Katrina .
And he opposed granting financial relief to families affected by Hurricane Katrina .
McCain talks about putting the country first .
I support those who talk about putting the American people first .
How McCain reacts to and deals with these two latest events — Hurricane Gustav and Hurricane Palin ( the soap opera involving the politically naive rookie he chose to be his running mate ) — will demonstrate to the American people the kind of judgment and leadership they can expect from him as president .
Along with the rest of America , the good and beleaguered folks of the Gulf Coast states will be watching closely .
And , come Election Day , they will not forget .
Donna Brazile , the campaign manager for Democratic presidential nominee Al Gore in 2000 , runs her own grass - roots political consulting firm .
Official 2008 Obama / McCain Presidential Debate Schedule
The official Presidential debate schedule for John McCain and Barack Obama has been finalized and released in a joint statement from each campaign .
There will also be a vice presidential debate as well .
Here is the full official debate schedule :
Forums :
August 16 , 2008 : Video : Saddleback Civil Forum with Rick Warren at Saddleback Church , Lake Forest California
( Not part of the official sanctioned schedule but both candidates attended )
Debates :
- 2008 -
September 26 , 2008 : Presidential debate with domestic policy focus , University of Mississippi , Oxford , MS
October 2 , 2008 : Vice Presidential debate , Washington University , St. Louis , MO
October 7 , 2008 : Presidential debate in a town hall format , Belmont University , Nashville , TN
October 15 , 2008 : Presidential debate with foreign policy focus , Hofstra University , Hempstead , NY
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Here is a break down of what each debate will consist of :
1. First Presidential Debate : – Date : September 26 – Site : University of Mississippi – Topic : Foreign Policy & National Security – Moderator : Jim Lehrer – Staging : Podium debate – Answer Format :
The debate will be broken into nine , 9 - minute segments .
The moderator will introduce a topic and allow each candidate 2 minutes to comment .
After these initial answers , the moderator will facilitate an open discussion of the topic for the remaining 5 minutes , ensuring that both candidates receive an equal amount of time to comment
2. Vice Presidential Debate – Date : October 2nd – Site : Washington University ( St. Louis ) – Moderator : Gwen Ifill – Staging / Answer Format :
To be resolved after both parties ’
Vice Presidential nominees are selected .
3. Second Presidential Debate – Date : October 7 – Site : Belmont University – Moderator : Tom Brokaw – Staging : Town
Hall debate – Format :
The moderator will call on members of the audience ( and draw questions from the internet ) .
Each candidate will have 2 minutes to respond to each question .
Following those initial answers , the moderator will invite the candidates to respond to the previous answers , for a total of 1 minute , ensuring that both candidates receive an equal amount of time to comment .
In the spirit of the Town Hall , all questions will come from the audience ( or internet ) , and not the moderator .
4. Third Presidential Debate – Date : October 15 – Site : Hofstra University – Topic : Domestic and Economic policy – Moderator : Bob Schieffer – Staging : Candidates will be seated at a table – Answer Format : Same as First Presidential Debate – Closing Statements :
At the end of this debate ( only ) each candidate shall have the opportunity for a 90 second closing statement .
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
All four debates will begin at 9 pm ET , and last for 90 minutes .
Both campaigns also agreed to accept the CPD ’s participation rules for third - party candidate participation .
All 4 debates will be broadcast on the major broadcast networks , including CBS , NBC , ABC , and FOX .
They will also be aired on cable news channels such as CNN , MSNBC , Fox News , and C - SPAN .
We will have full videos of each debate uploaded once they air .
Palin's Problem By Charles Krauthammer Friday , September 5 , 2008 " There are two questions we will never have to ask ourselves , ' Who is this man ? ' and ' Can we trust this man with the presidency ? ' " -- Fred Thompson on John McCain , Sept. 2
This was the most effective line of the entire Republican convention : a ringing affirmation of John McCain 's authenticity and a not - so - subtle indictment of Barack Obama 's insubstantiality .
What 's left of this line of argument , however , after John McCain picks Sarah Palin for vice president ?
Palin is an admirable and formidable woman .
She has energized the Republican base and single - handedly unified the Republican convention behind McCain .
She performed spectacularly in her acceptance speech .
Nonetheless , the choice of Palin remains deeply problematic .
It 's clear that McCain picked her because he had decided that he needed a game - changer .
But why ?
He 'd closed the gap in the polls with Obama .
True , that had more to do with Obama sagging than McCain gaining .
But what 's the difference ?
You win either way .
Obama was sagging because of missteps that reflected the fundamental weakness of his candidacy .
Which suggested McCain 's strategy :
Make this a referendum on Obama , surely the least experienced , least qualified , least prepared presidential nominee in living memory .
Palin fatally undermines this entire line of attack .
This is through no fault of her own .
It is simply a function of her rookie status .
The vice president 's only constitutional duty of any significance is to become president at a moment 's notice .
Palin is not ready .
Nor is Obama .
But with Palin , the case against Obama evaporates .
So why did McCain do it ?
He figured it 's a Democratic year .
The Republican brand is deeply tarnished .
The opposition is running on " change " in a change election .
So McCain gambled that he could steal the change issue for himself -- a crazy brave , characteristically reckless , inconceivably difficult maneuver -- by picking an authentically independent , tough - minded reformer .
With Palin , he doubles down on change .
The problem is the inherent oddity of the incumbent party running on change .
Here were Republicans -- the party that controlled the White House for eight years and both houses of Congress for five -- wildly cheering the promise to take on Washington .
I do n't mean to be impolite , but who 's controlled Washington this decade ?
Moreover , McCain was giving up his home turf of readiness to challenge Obama on his home turf of change .
Can that possibly be pulled off ?
The calculation was to choose demographics over thematics .
Palin 's selection negates the theme of readiness .
But she does bring important constituencies .
She has the unique potential of energizing the base while at the same time appealing to independents .
This is unusual .
Normally the wing - nut candidate alienates the center .
Palin promises a twofer because of her potential appeal to the swing - state Reagan Democrats that Hillary Clinton carried in the primaries .
Not for reasons of gender -- Clinton did n't carry those voters because she was a woman -- but because more culturally conservative working - class whites might find affinity with Palin 's small - town , middle / frontier American narrative and values .
The gamble is enormous .
In a stroke , McCain gratuitously forfeited his most powerful argument against Obama .
And this was even before Palin 's inevitable liabilities began to pile up -- inevitable because any previously unvetted neophyte has " issues . "
The kid .
The state trooper investigation .
And worst , the paucity of any Palin record or expressed conviction on the major issues of our time .
McCain has one hope .
It is suggested by the strength of Palin 's performance Wednesday night .
In a year of compounding ironies , the McCain candidacy could be saved , and the Palin choice vindicated , by one thing : Palin pulls an Obama .
Obama showed that star power can trump the gravest of biographical liabilities .
The sheer elegance , intelligence and power of his public presence have muted the uneasy feeling about his unreadiness .
Palin does not reach Obama 's mesmeric level .
Her appeal is far more earthy , workmanlike and direct .
Yet she managed to banish a week 's worth of unfriendly media scrutiny and self - inflicted personal liabilities with a single triumphant speech .
Now , Obama had 19 months to make his magic obscure his thinness .
Palin has nine weeks .
Nevertheless , if she too can neutralize unreadiness with star power , then the demographic advantages she brings McCain -- appeal to the base and to Reagan Democrats -- coupled with her contribution to the reform theme , might just pay off .
The question is : Can she do the magic -- unteleprompted extemporaneous magic , from now on -- for the next nine weeks ?
letters@charleskrauthammer.com
Sarah Palin was Miss Congeniality
National Election News from The Miss America Organization
This has to be a first : the Miss America Paegant issued a press release on the VP stakes .
McCain Names Former Miss Alaska Contestant as Running Mate
We are pleased to announce that former Miss Alaska contestant , Sarah Heath Palin , has just been named as John McCain ’s vice - presidential candidate on the Republican ticket .
In 1984 , Palin was chosen as Miss Wasilla and went on to become the first runner - up in the Miss Alaska Pageant and received the Miss Congeniality award the same year .
Her husband , Todd Palin was a judge in the 2008 Miss Alaska Pageant .
Congratulations on this exciting news for the Miss Alaska Organization !
The Oprah- fication of Michelle Obama August 26 , 2008
New York Times
By The Editorial Board
If Barack Obama is elected president , a good chunk of credit should go to Oprah Winfrey .
Her early and enthusiastic endorsement of Senator Obama – and her heavily attended appearances with him in Iowa and South Carolina – played a big role in winning over bit parts of Middle America to the Obama cause .
Ms. Winfrey has since faded into the background of the campaign , but her impact persists – perhaps nowhere more than in Monday night ’s speech by Michelle Obama .
It was one of the most important speeches of the convention – far more so than the crowd - pleasing valedictory of Senator Edward M. Kennedy the same night .
The campaign still has a significant selling job to do with Michelle Obama , who has been repeatedly baited by Republicans as angry , hostile to whites , and un-American .
Ms. Obama did an admirable job of turning back the right - wing assault – and she did it with an Oprah script :
Sentiment Is More Important Than Politics – One reason Ms. Winfrey ’s endorsement of Senator Obama was so unusual is that with few exceptions , she has stayed away from politics .
What she sells on her television show and in her magazine , for the most part , are sentiment , good feeling , and self - improvement .
In her speech , Ms. Obama made the major theme family – a very sweet version of family .
She began with her brother , whom she described as “ watching over me . ”
She moved on to the sustaining love of her mother and her late father , and then to her husband and children .
Doting wife and mother may be the role Americans have come to expect from their first ladies , but it was laid on heavily .
Ms. Obama has always talked a good deal about her family , but she has done so with a refreshing tartness .
It was not love at first sight with her husband .
When he first began asking her out , she has said , she refused , concerned it would interfere with their work .
She has talked about being the taskmaster in the Obama household , doling out assignments and keeping the girls on the straight and narrow .
Those more piquant notes were left out Monday night .
Life is About Triumphing Over Adversity – Ms. Winfrey , who has spoken often of being a childhood sexual abuse victim , has emphasized the importance of rising above difficult circumstances .
It is one of her favorite themes in life and literature .
Ms. Obama has a lot to be proud of , and her speech emphasized the struggle .
She described herself as “ raised on the South Side of Chicago by a father who was a blue - collar city worker . ”
Perhaps since her own rise has been so steady , she recounted her father ’s difficulties in detail .
He battled multiple sclerosis in his 30s , she said , struggled to button his shirt , and used “ two canes to get himself across the room to give my mom a kiss . ”
Keeping a Gratitude Journal – Ms. Winfrey has had a lot to be unhappy about over the years , from the early abuse , to racism during her childhood in the Jim Crow South , to obstacles of more recent vintage .
Her advice has always been not to dwell on the negative , but to keep a journal of everything one is grateful for .
So it was with Ms. Obama Monday night .
The comments she has at times made about America ’s flaws - refreshingly candid perhaps , but also politically maladroit - were deleted .
In their place was a whole section on “ Why I Love This Country . ”
The “ Oprah Moment ” — Ms. Obama ’s speech ended with an “ Oprah moment . ”
As a surprise — and as those free - car winners can attest , Ms. Winfrey loves surprises — Senator Obama appeared from a remote location ( in a swing state ) , and bantered with the family .
“ How do you think Mommy did ? ”
It was quintessential Oprah .
There is , of course , a reason Ms. Winfrey is so popular .
Her story lines are ones that resonate strongly with many Americans – and non-Americans .
Through those themes , Ms. Winfrey may do as much for Michelle Obama as she has already done for Barack Obama .
Too Much of a Bad Thing August 24 , 2008
Op - Ed Columnist
New York Times
By MAUREEN DOWD
WASHINGTON
My mom did not approve of men who cheated on their wives .
She called them “ long - tailed rats . ”
During the 2000 race , she listened to news reports about John McCain confessing to dalliances that caused his first marriage to fall apart after he came back from his stint as a P.O.W. in Vietnam .
I figured , given her stringent moral standards , that her great affection for McCain would be dimmed .
“ So , ” I asked her , “ what do you think of that ? ”
“ A man who lives in a box for five years can do whatever he wants , ” she replied matter - of - factly .
I was startled , but it brought home to me what a powerful get - out - of - jail - free card McCain had earned by not getting out of jail free .
His brutal hiatus in the Hanoi Hilton is one of the most stirring narratives ever told on the presidential trail — a trail full of heroic war stories .
It created an enormous credit line of good will with the American people .
It also allowed McCain , the errant son of the admiral who was the commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific during Vietnam — his jailers dubbed McCain the “ Crown Prince ” — to give himself some credit .
“ He has been preoccupied with escaping the shadow of his father and establishing his own image and identity in the eyes of others , ” read a psychiatric evaluation in his medical files .
“ He feels his experiences and performance as a P.O.W. have finally permitted this to happen . ”
The ordeal also gave a more sympathetic cast to his carousing .
As Robert Timberg wrote in “ John McCain : An American Odyssey , ” “ What is true is that a number of P.O.W. ’s , in those first few years after their release , often acted erratically , their lives pockmarked by drastic mood swings and uncharacteristic behavior before achieving a more mellow equilibrium . ”
Timberg said Hemingway ’s line that people were stronger in the broken places was not always right .
So it ’s hard to believe that John McCain is now in danger of exceeding his credit limit on the equivalent of an American Express black card .
His campaign is cheapening his greatest strength — and making a mockery of his already dubious claim that he ’s reticent to talk about his P.O.W. experience — by flashing the P.O.W. card to rebut any criticism , no matter how unrelated .
The captivity is already amply displayed in posters and TV advertisements .
The Rev. Kirbyjon Caldwell , the pastor who married Jenna Bush and who is part of a new Christian - based political action committee supporting Obama , recently criticized the joke McCain made at the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally encouraging Cindy to enter the topless Miss Buffalo Chip contest .
The McCain spokesman Brian Rogers brought out the bottomless excuse , responding with asperity that McCain ’s character had been “ tested and forged in ways few can fathom . ”
When the Obama crowd was miffed to learn that McCain was in a motorcade rather than in a “ cone of silence ” while Obama was being questioned by Rick Warren , Nicolle Wallace of the McCain camp retorted , “ The insinuation from the Obama campaign that John McCain , a former prisoner of war , cheated is outrageous . ”
When Obama chaffed McCain for forgetting how many houses he owns , Rogers huffed , “ This is a guy who lived in one house for five and a half years — in prison . ”
As Sam Stein notes in The Huffington Post : “ The senator has even brought his military record into discussion of his music tastes .
Explaining that his favorite song was ‘ Dancing Queen ’ by Abba , he offered that his knowledge of music ‘ stopped evolving when his plane intercepted a surface - to - air missile . ’
‘ Dancing Queen , ’ however , was produced in 1975 , eight years after McCain ’s plane was shot down . ”
The Kerry Swift - boat attacks in 2004 struck down the off - limits signs that were traditionally on a candidate ’s military service .
Many Democrats are willing to repay the favor , and Republicans clearly no longer see war medals as sacrosanct .
In a radio interview last week , Representative Terry Everett , an Alabama Republican , let loose with a barrage at the Democrat John Murtha , a decorated Vietnam War veteran who is the head of the House defense appropriations subcommittee , calling him “ cut - and - run John Murtha ” and an “ idiot . ”
“ And do n’t talk to me about him being an ex-marine , ” Everett said .
“ Lord , that was 40 years ago .
A lot of stuff can happen in 40 years . ”
The real danger to the McCain crew in overusing the P.O.W. line so much that it ’s a punch line is that it will give Obama an opening for critical questions :
While McCain ’s experience was heroic , did it create a worldview incapable of anticipating the limits to U.S. military power in Iraq ?
Did he fail to absorb the lessons of Vietnam , so that he is doomed to always want to refight it ?
Did his captivity inform a search - and - destroy , shoot - first - ask - questions - later , “ We are all Georgians , ” mentality ?
Country Star Supports Obama
Toby Keith said he likes Barack Obama
LOS ANGELES — Barack Obama is getting praise from Nashville , courtesy of one big , patriotic country star .
Toby Keith , perhaps best known to non-country audiences for his post - Sept. 11 song " Courtesy of the Red , White and Blue , " says he 's a Democrat , and was impressed by the senator from Illinois .
Keith has said in the past that the 2002 song — which included lines aimed at the Taliban like " we lit up your world like the Fourth of July " — was more patriotic than pro-war .
Asked while promoting his new movie " Beer For My Horses " about the role of patriotism in the current presidential election , Keith replied : " There 's a big part of America that really believes that there is a war on terrorism , and that we need to finish up .
" So I thought it was beautiful the other day when Obama went to Afghanistan and got educated about Afghanistan and Iraq .
He came back and said some really nice things .
" So as far as leadership and patriotism goes , I think it 's really important that those things have to take place .
And I think he's the best Democratic candidate we 've had since Bill Clinton .
And that 's coming from a Democrat . "
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Par for Mr. Corsi
An expert at misrepresentation takes on Barack Obama .
Washington Post
Editorial
Friday , August 15 , 2008
THERE'S
A cottage industry in books about Barack Obama ; by one count , more than 20 are just out or are in the works .
But few debut in the No. 1 spot on the New York Times bestseller list , as Jerome R. Corsi's " The Obama Nation " will do among nonfiction hardcover titles this week .
Unfortunately but unsurprisingly , given his earlier hit job on the last Democratic nominee , Mr. Corsi 's latest is rife with inaccuracies and innuendo .
If the fundamental smear of " Unfit for Command " was that John F. Kerry was no war hero , the insinuation of Mr. Corsi 's latest is that Mr. Obama is a closet Muslim and militant , black activist drug-user .
" The Obama Nation " -- the ungainly play on words ( abomination , get it ? ) is " fully intended , " the author tells us -- reprises the Corsi method .
Mr. Corsi boasts that " I fully document all arguments and contentions I make , extensively footnoting all references " and asserts that " my fundamental opposition to Obama 's presidential candidacy involves public policy differences . "
But footnoting to a discredited blog item does not constitute careful scholarship , and the bulk of Mr. Corsi 's book has nothing to do with issues .
He gets facts wrong , from the date of Mr. Obama 's marriage to whether he dedicated his autobiography to his family ( he did ) to whether he revealed that he took his future wife on his second trip to Kenya ( he did . )
He makes offensive statements : " The sexual attraction of his mother to her African husband jumps out from the page . "
When facts are lacking , Mr. Corsi makes his point by suggestive questions .
Noting that Life magazine could find no record of an article that Mr. Obama remembered reading as a child about a black man who tried to lighten his skin , Mr. Corsi asks , " How much more imagining , hypothetical lying , or just plain lying is Obama capable of doing ? "
When facts are present , he twists them to make Mr. Obama bad .
Mr. Corsi's discussion of Mr. Obama 's drug use -- disclosed by Mr. Obama in his autobiography -- manages to combine a few of these techniques .
" Still , Obama has yet to answer questions whether he ever dealt drugs , or if he stopped using marijuana and cocaine completely in college , or whether his drug usage extended into his law school days or beyond .
Did Obama ever use drugs in his days as a community organizer in Chicago , or when he was a state senator from Illinois ?
How about in the U.S. Senate ? "
In fact , Mr. Obama has said that he stopped using drugs when he was 20 .
Mr. Corsi is similarly misleading about Mr. Obama 's religious background , questioning his claim to be Christian .
" Obama had to know that running for political office , even state office , would be much more difficult to do if voters suspected he was a Muslim , " Corsi writes .
" Yet once Obama became a member of Trinity , he had proof he was a Christian , as he professed to be . "
Mr. Corsi has dismissed criticisms of his book as " nit - picking , " an odd defense coming from an author happy to inflate any possible omission into a full - blown evasion .
Mary Matalin , the Republican political strategist who heads Threshold Editions , the Simon and Schuster division that published " The Obama Nation , " described the book to the New York Times as " a piece of scholarship , and a good one at that . "
That would not be our description .
When political hacks edit books .
chatterbox
Mary Matalin , Publisher
By Timothy Noah
Posted Wednesday , Aug. 13 , 2008 , at 7:04 PM ET
Jerome R. Corsi has written a book about Barack Obama cleverly titled The Obama Nation : Leftist Politics and the Cult of Personality .
The book is published by Threshold Editions , Mary Matalin 's imprint at Simon & Schuster .
It " was not designed to be , and does not set out to be , a political book , " Matalin sniffed to Jim Rutenberg and Julie Bosman of the New York Times .
Rather , it is " a piece of scholarship , and a good one at that . "
Corsi holds a doctorate in government from Harvard University , and the book 's cover highlights Corsi 's academic credential with the byline " Jerome R. Corsi , Ph.d . "
But Corsi , a staff reporter for the hard - right World Net Daily and co-author of Unfit for Command : Swift Boat Veterans Speak Out Against John Kerry , a 2004 hit job published by the hard - right Regnery , maintains his scholarly posture with some difficulty .
In his off - hours , Corsi calls Arabs " ragheads " and Bill Clinton an " anti-American communist " on Internet message boards .
Susan Estrich is " Susan Estrogen " and Katie Couric is " Little Katie Communist . "
In the past , Corsi 's fellow conservative , Debbie Schlussel , has even accused Corsi of plagiarism ( though , to be fair , this looks to me more like garden - variety theft , i.e. , taking an idea and some facts from another columnist without extending the usual courtesy of a citation ; a minor offense in journalism , if not in academia ) .
Why did Corsi write The Obama Nation ?
Was it in disinterested pursuit of scholarly truth ?
Er , not exactly .
" The goal is to defeat Obama , " he told the Times .
" I do n't want Obama to be in office . "
I have n't read The Obama Nation .
But both the Times and Media Matters for America , a liberal watchdog Web site ( and the source of my above links to " ragheads , " etc. ) , cite multiple errors in the book .
Ordinarily , when an author or an editor discovers errors in a book 's text , he or she arranges to correct them in the next printing .
I 've done this myself .
But neither Corsi nor Matalin responded to e-mails from me asking whether they intended to correct any errors in The Obama Nation — it would be a miracle if there were none .
In the Times , Corsi brushed aside the Media Matters critique because of its politics .
Now , I yield to no one in my skepticism regarding the veracity of Media Matters ' chief executive officer , the former right - wing hit man David Brock .
But Media Matters operates on the principle of transparency , providing links and video clips necessary to assess its claims of falsehood .
Sometimes the claims hold up ; sometimes they seem like a reach .
Most of its findings concerning
The Obama Nation are unassailable .
For instance , Obama either has or has n't stated publicly when he stopped using marijuana and cocaine .
According to Corsi , he has n't .
According to Obama 's memoir Dreams From My Father he has .
" I stopped getting high " when he was an undergraduate at Columbia , Obama writes .
The Times further notes that in 2003 , Obama told the State Journal - Register of Springfield , Ill. , in response to a question about drug use , " I have n't done anything since I was 20 years old . "
When the Times confronted Corsi with this information , he changed the subject from his book 's obvious error to what he deems the unreliability of self - reporting on matters of drug use .
Which , of course , was entirely beside the point .
All this raises the question of whether the world of " conservative " publishing , which includes not only Matalin 's imprint at Simon & Schuster but also Random House 's Crown Forum and Penguin Group USA 's Sentinel , aspires even to the standards of the nonideological ( or what conservatives call the " liberal " ) publishing establishment , which are nothing to write home about .
What I 've learned about The Obama Nation suggests it does not .
What the hell is Mary Matalin doing running a publishing imprint in the first place ?
She is a professional propagandist , a political operative who learned her craft at the feet not of Maxwell Perkins but of Lee Atwater .
Truth is not what she 's about ; campaigns are , and for Matalin , The Obama Nation would appear to be just another campaign .
This is n't to say that , through her Threshold imprint , Matalin is subverting Simon & Schuster 's pursuit of profit to partisan ends .
Quite the contrary .
Simon & Schuster and the other big publishing houses have started conservative imprints , at arms ' length and with noses held , because they recognize them to be a gold mine .
The Obama Nation , the Times reports , will debut on its best - seller list this Sunday at No. 1 .
But part of the deal , clearly , is that conservative imprints are n't required to adhere to the same standards of truth as the grown - up divisions .
If an Erwin Glikes or even an Adam Bellow is available to edit your conservative fall list , fine .
But in a pinch , a Mary Matalin will do .
It 's what George W. Bush memorably dubbed the soft bigotry of low expectations .
The conservative movement has won the publishing houses ' attention but not their respect .
Does it even care ?
Timothy Noah is a senior writer at Slate .
Article URL : http://www.slate.com/id/2197432/
Copyright 2008 Washingtonpost .
Newsweek Interactive Co. LLC
Obama as Incumbent Washington Post
Columnist
By E. J. Dionne Jr .
Monday , August 11 , 2008
The core strategy of John McCain 's campaign is to turn Barack Obama into the incumbent , the man who is too familiar yet still mysterious .
The effort reflects one of the most remarkable aspects of the 2008 campaign : Obama has turned himself into the central figure in American politics .
That is an extraordinary achievement , but it comes at a price .
One cost was measured by a Pew Research Center study released last week that found that 48 percent of all those surveyed -- and 51 percent of the political independents -- said they had heard " too much " about Obama .
Only 26 percent ( and 28 percent of independents ) said that about McCain .
This is understandable : From mid- to late - February until only the past week or so , Obama had received far more media attention than McCain , according to the Campaign Coverage Index produced by Pew's Project for Excellence in Journalism .
Obama 's centrality has created an odd dynamic .
The most important influences on the campaign are President Bush 's unpopularity and the collapse of public sympathy for the Republican Party , meaning that a majority is inclined to vote for the Democratic nominee unless he is rendered unacceptable .
But with Bush fading into the background , McCain 's campaign has been more about Obama than about himself .
In recent weeks , McCain 's advertising tossed one charge after another at the man painted serially as " the biggest celebrity in the world , " " Dr. No " and " The One . "
McCain 's attacks , which helped build Obama fatigue , continued over the weekend .
Yet Obama has absorbed the assaults and headed to his holiday in Hawaii holding an advantage of four to six percentage points -- roughly the same margin he has enjoyed all summer .
This led political strategists in both parties with whom I spoke in recent days to challenge the conventional wisdom of an Obama campaign that is " underperforming . "
Obama has been criticized for not responding quickly enough to the McCain offensive .
But the past two weeks have solidified voters ' perceptions , measured in recent polls , that the Republican campaign is far more negative than Obama's .
This opens space for Obama to respond forcefully to McCain without being accused of initiating the attacks .
Moreover , a candidate who spends all his time defining his opponent has not spent much time defining himself .
McCain is living off his maverick image .
This has fed voter perceptions that he is moderate and independent , allowing him to run more competitively with Obama than any of McCain 's primary opponents could have .
Despite McCain 's longevity in the public eye , though , a CBS News poll last week found a third of voters still undecided in their opinion of McCain or saying they did n't know enough to form one .
( Roughly the same proportion said this about Obama . )
This leaves room for Democrats to define McCain as a conventional conservative and a Bush supporter .
And some Republicans wonder if McCain , by absorbing so many Bush operatives into his campaign , may have limited his maneuvering room to declare his independence from an unpopular president .
In the past two weeks , McCain has succeeded in narrowing the economic discussion to energy and oil drilling , forcing Obama to respond defensively .
But " drill , drill , drill " is not a slogan that can carry McCain through November , given the range of the electorate 's economic discontents .
There is a certain shrewdness to the McCain campaign 's effort to turn Obama 's strengths -- the energy he excites in crowds , the historic nature of his candidacy and the interest he has created overseas -- into weaknesses .
" They 're trying to make lemonade out of a lemon , " said one Democratic strategist who is not working for the Obama campaign .
" It 's not a bad thing to do , but it 's a sign of weakness . "
Thus the effort to turn Obama into the incumbent .
McCain loses if the race becomes a referendum on Bush .
He is running behind on most issues .
And he has yet to generate the commitment among those who say they 're for him that Obama has inspired among his own supporters .
The one contest McCain can win is an election about Obama .
Paradoxically , Obama 's imperative at his convention is to reassure voters about who he is while also moving the spotlight off himself .
postchat@aol.com
Political Wives Enabling Immoral Behavior By Sally Quinn
Washington Post Reporter
I just want to smack him across the puss , as my Savannah - born mother used to say .
I want to smack him across that pretty puss , those pretty eyelashes , that pretty hair .
I want to shake him and knock his pretty head against the wall .
At first that was all I could think of when I heard about John Edwards ' confession .
Because all the words about him had already been said .
We 've been through this so many times there 's almost nothing left to say .
Sure , they are all " lyin ' , cheatin ' , no - good hypocrites ! " as the New York Post headline screamed .
So what else is new ?
The details are , of course , always different .
In this case , Edwards says he was n't in love with the other woman , it ended in 2006 , the baby is not his , he told his wife every painful detail , she forgave him and anyway she was in remission from cancer so it was n't really all that bad .
Frankly , though , I do n't see what John Edwards did as being that different from what any of the other men in power -- Bill Clinton , Eliot Spitzer , etc. -- did .
I do n't see that the moral issues are all that different either .
Like the others , Edwards and his wife pretended they were one big happy family , and like the others he lied to his family , the staff and the press .
But we 're all so cynical now that we do n't believe a word they say and I think most Americans are so scandal fatigued that they just shrug them off .
Let 's try to give John Edwards the benefit of the doubt for a moment .
He lost a son in a tragic automobile accident .
His wife developed breast cancer shortly before he lost the exhausting campaign for vice president .
The cancer returned .
It is inoperable .
He has three children to whom he has to give moral support while his wife has been sick and he was running for president at his wife 's insistence .
That 's a lot to deal with .
I 've had a number of friends die of cancer and often , discreetly , their spouses have turned to someone else for comfort and support , especially if the disease is drawn out .
People have not judged them harshly .
None of that excuses his behavior but at least it partially explains it .
Even if he is a narcissistic , self centered , lyin ' , cheatin ' , no - good , hypocritical egomaniac which of course he is .
That , however is not what is interesting about this story .
What is interesting here is Elizabeth Edwards .
This is the thing that is driving me crazy .
The wives .
The enabling wives .
Nobody has more respect for Elizabeth Edwards than I do .
First of all , any woman who has lost a child gets a pass for life from me .
Nothing could be more horrible .
Not only that , she is brilliant , clever , capable , decent and courageous .
She has battled cancer , taken care of her family and been a loyal campaigner for her husband .
The grief she has gone through , having lost a child and knowing she may leave her other three motherless must be unbearable .
The problem is , SHE LET HIM DO IT .
She not only agreed to his run for the presidency , she encouraged him to do it , knowing the toll it would take on the family given her health problems .
But , worse , she let him do it knowing that he had had an affair .
What on earth was she thinking ?
She said in the Daily Kos , " This was our private matter , and I frankly wanted it to be private because as painful as it was I did not want to have to play it out on a public stage as well . "
I 'm sorry but it was not a private matter .
Not when you are running for president .
The press would surely have left him alone had he not run .
The mainstream press left him alone while he was running , but if he had won the primaries she had to know it surely would have come out .
It always comes out .
Repeat ... it always comes out .
Not only did she allow him to run , exposing herself and her children to the pain and humiliation that would inevitably come , she could have allowed him to destroy the Democratic party in the process .
This man was running for the President of the United States on a lie and she knew it .
If he had not entered the race it could have changed the outcome of the primary .
And what if he had won the primary ?
Think of the people they betrayed -- yes , THEY .
They betrayed their devoted staff , the supporters who sent in millions of dollars , the taxpayers who supplied Secret Service protection ( I want my money back ) , their party and their country .
She stood by and let him lie and lie and lie .
This simply can't go on .
These women , these political spouses have to stop enabling their husbands to behave like this .
Because as long as they do the men will continue to cheat , lie and betray .
As long as they believe there will be no consequences ( and by their wives tacit support they begin to believe it ) , what is there to stop them ?
This kind of thing hurts everybody .
Most importantly it hurts women .
It paints all of us as pathetic victims , or potential ones in any case .
Every time one of these guys goes off the reservation it creates the perception that it 's OK , that that 's what men do and the women should just shut up , put on a brave face and support them .
Yes , I want to smack John Edwards across the puss .
But more than that I want Elizabeth Edwards to do it for me .
Not just for me but for all of us .
Washington Post journalist , author and Washington DC insider , Sally Quinn founded and co-moderates On Faith , a blog from the Washington Post and Newsweek .
Co-moderated by Newsweek editor and bestselling author Jon Meacham and hosted by a panel of renowned religious scholars of all denominations , On Faith is the first worldwide , interactive discussion about religion and its impact on global life .
Stalking , Sniffing , Swooning July 27 , 2008
New York Times
OP -ED COLUMNIST
By MAUREEN DOWD
LONDON
It could have been a French movie .
Passing acquaintances collide in a moment of transcendent passion .
They look at each other shyly and touch tenderly during their Paris cinq à sept , exchange some existential thoughts under exquisite chandeliers , and — tant pis — go their separate ways .
Sarko , back to Carla Bruni .
Obama , forward to Gordon Brown .
A Man and a Man .
All it needed was a lush score and Claude Lelouch .
Even for Sarkozy the American , who loves everything in our culture from Sylvester Stallone to Gloria Gaynor , it was a wild gush over a new Washington crush .
Sarko is right and Barack is left .
One had a Jewish grandfather , the other a Muslim one .
The French president is a frenetic bumper car ; the Illinois senator is , as he said of the king of Jordan ’s Mercedes 600 , “ a smooth ride . ”
But the son of a Hungarian , who picked a lock to break into the French ruling class , embraced a fellow outsider and child of an immigrant who had also busted into the political aristocracy with a foreign - sounding name .
After 200,000 people thronged to see Obama at the Victory Column in Berlin , christening him “ Redeemer ” and “ Savior , ” it turned out Sarko was also Obamarized , as the Germans were calling the mesmerizing effect .
“ You must want a cigarette after that , ” I teased the candidate after the amorous joint press conference , as he flew from Paris to London for the finale of his grand tour .
“ I think we could work well together , ” he said of Sarko , smiling broadly .
He did not get to meet his fan , Carla Bruni .
“ She was n’t there , ” he said .
“ Which I think disappointed all my staff .
That was the only thing they were really interested in . ”
He admitted showing “ extraordinarily poor judgment ” in leaving Paris after only a few hours .
Watching Paris recede from behind the frosted glass of his limo was “ a pretty good metaphor ” for how constricted his life has become , he said , compared with his student days tramping around Europe with “ a feeling of complete freedom . ”
“ But the flip side is that I deeply enjoy the work , ” he said , “ so it ’s a trade - off . ”
How do you go back to the Iowa farm after you ’ve seen Paree ?
“ One of the values of this trip for me was to remind me of what this campaign should be about , ” he said .
“ It ’s so easy to get sucked into day - to - day , tit - for - tat thinking , finding some clever retort for whatever comment your opponent made .
And then I think I ’m not doing my job , which should be to raise up some big important issues . ”
I asked how his “ Citizen of the World ” tour will go down in Steubenville , Ohio .
“ There will probably be some backlash , ” he said .
“ I ’m a big believer that if something ’s good then there ’s a bad to it , and vice versa .
We had a good week .
That always inspires the press to knock me down a peg . ”
He thinks most people recognize that “ there is a concrete advantage to not only foreign leaders , but foreign populations liking the American president , because it makes it easier for Sarkozy to send troops into Afghanistan if his voting base likes the United States . ”
How does he like the McCain camp mocking him as “ The One ” ?
“ Even if you start believing your own hype , which I rarely do , things ’ll turn on you pretty quick anyway , ” he said .
“ I have a fairly steady temperament that has at times been interpreted as , ‘ Oh , he ’s sort of too cool . ’
But it ’s not real . ”
Obama kept his cool through a week where he was treated as a cross between the Dalai Lama and Johnny Depp .
A private prayer he left in the holy Western Wall in Jerusalem was snatched out by a student at a Jewish seminary and published in a local newspaper .
In Berlin , the tabloid Bild sent an attractive blonde reporter to stalk Obama at the Ritz - Carlton gym as he exercised with his body man , Reggie Love .
She then wrote a tell - all , enthusing , “ I ’m getting hot , and not from the workout , ” and concluding , “ What a man . ”
Obama marveled : “ I ’m just realizing what I ’ve got to become accustomed to .
The fact that I was played like that at the gym .
Do you remember ‘ The Color of Money ’ with Paul Newman ?
And Forest Whitaker is sort of sitting there , acting like he does n’t know how to play pool .
And then he hustles the hustler .
She hustled us .
We walk into the gym .
She ’s already on the treadmill .
She looks like just an ordinary German girl .
She smiles and sort of waves , shyly , but does n’t go out of her way to say anything .
As I ’m walking out , she says : ‘ Oh , can I have a picture ?
I ’m a big fan . ’
Reggie takes the picture . ”
I ask him if he found it a bit creepy that she described his T - shirt as smelling like “ fabric softener with spring scent . ”
He looked nonplused : “ Did she describe what my T - shirt smelled like ? ”
Being a Citizen of the World has its downsides .
Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company
Barack , Here 's How to Get the White People By Jack White
TheRoot.com
June 25 , 2008
A nine - point plan for winning over white voters — and the election .
Is America ready to elect a black president ?
We 'll find out in November .
Barack Obama 's candidacy poses an unprecedented sociological experiment .
Everything about us , including how far we 've come toward the creation of the more perfect union in which people are judged by the content of their character and not the color of their skin , will be put to the test .
And everything about Obama will be put to the test as well , including his ability to forge a winning political strategy .
The sad but unavoidable reality is that race is likely to play a pivotal role in this experiment .
If Obama were a generic white , male Democrat of similar eloquence , youthful grace and energy , he would be a guaranteed easy landslide victor over the standard bearer for a party as deeply unpopular as the Republicans have become .
As Alan Abramowitz , a professor of public opinion and the presidency at Emory University told Politico.com , " It is one of the worst political environments for the party in power since World War II . "
Obama is ahead of John McCain by 15 points in one recent poll , but that 's no cause for overconfidence :
In 1988 , Michael Dukakis had a similar advantage at a comparable point in the race , but wound up a loser to the first George Bush .
Other surveys show Obama with only a six - point lead over McCain — a narrow margin that many white analysts seem to be going out of their way to attribute to every factor but the most obvious one , his ethnicity .
White commentators may not want to talk about it , but race — not Obama 's relatively short resume , or the resentment of Hillary Clinton 's feminist supporters or McCain 's increasingly obsolete image as a maverick — is the biggest obstacle between Obama and the White House .
That means that despite his lock on the black vote and his popularity among the young and highly educated , Obama must add enough whites to his coalition to win in the electoral college .
He need not garner a majority of such voters — no Democrat , including Bill Clinton , has since 1964 — but he needs enough of them to win .
Can he do it ?
Yes , he can , with the right strategy .
Here 's my unsolicited nine - point plan to Obama for winning over white voters and victory in the fall campaign :
1 ) Remind us who you are .
Hire Spike Lee to produce a one - hour story of your life , emphasizing your mother 's Midwestern roots , your grandfather 's and great - uncle 's service in World War II , your climb through excellence to Harvard Law School and your time as a community organizer in Chicago .
Include great footage of helping your daughters with their homework and of your participation in pick - up basketball games .
The objective is to show that yours is a truly American story of patriotism , hard work and achievement that makes people feel that if you can make it , they can , too .
Put it on all the networks before your acceptance speech at the Democratic Convention on August 28 .
2 ) Keep it simple and sunny .
The last time we faced an election as pivotal as this was 1980 , when Ronald Reagan used his optimistic personality and a simple but powerful message to wrest the presidency from the hapless Jimmy Carter and usher in a conservatism that would dominate American politics for a generation .
You have the potential to accomplish a similar re-alignment for your own brand of post - partisan pragmatic liberalism by recycling a few pages from Reagan 's play book .
Ask voters if they are better off than they were eight years ago .
Promise them that we can rebuild the economy if we stop wasting lives and treasury on unnecessary wars and focus on renewing the infrastructure , finding new energy sources and coping with global warming .
Do n't get bogged down in details about new policy ideas .
3 ) Go to church every Sunday .
This is the best way to combat the rumors that you are a secret Muslim and neutralize the damage from your ties to the Rev. Jeremiah Wright .
Make sure the congregations are racially mixed .
Keep meeting with evangelical leaders to let them know that you are a Democrat who understands their values and shares their belief in Jesus Christ .
4 ) Re-channel RFK .
Use your powerful oratory to revive the spirit of the Civil Rights Movement , when blacks and whites united in the cause of racial equality .
Ignore the segment of white voters who will never vote for a black candidate under any circumstances .
Concentrate , instead , on those who can be persuaded that you offer a better future for everybody by retracing Robert F. Kennedy 's visits to in Appalachia , Indian reservations , ghettos and barrios , reminding all of us how much more must still be done to make the American dream real for everyone .
5 ) Be nice to McCain .
Treat him the way you treated the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , " like an old uncle who says things I do n't always agree with . "
Call him " sir , " when you debate him — which you should do whenever you can .
Point out how closely he has tied himself to the failed policies of the Bush administration , but do it with respect and genuine admiration .
Smile at him .
This will help create the post - partisan atmosphere you 'll need to accomplish anything once you get elected .
6 ) Show off your team .
You 've got a diverse group of really smart advisors .
Make sure voters know that by putting them in the spotlight .
Keep letting reporters into your sessions with your economic and foreign policy team , as you did a few days ago , to see how you operate .
Let them float innovative new policy ideas while you focus on the big picture .
Let voters see that you are smart and confident enough to let yourself be guided by folks who are even smarter .
7 ) Avoid Washington insiders .
You did the right thing by quickly accepting the resignation of Jim Johnson from your vice - presidential vetting team , but you should never have put him on the team in the first place .
Inevitably you have to include crafty Washington veterans in your campaign cabinet , but keep them at a minimum .
Voters need to know that you are serious about change , and the best way to reinforce that message is to surround yourself with advisors who look like the new America you are trying to create .
8 ) Talk tough to your supporters , including blacks and liberals .
Your Father 's Day speech on absentee black dads was a masterstroke .
It not only won applause from blacks but showed skeptical whites that you understand their feelings about race even if you do n't necessarily agree with them .
Follow up by re-iterating your skepticism about paying reparations for slavery and your doubts about race - based affirmative action policies .
This will help to demonstrate that you intend to be a president for everybody , not just blacks .
By the same reasoning , stand up to your supporters from Moveon.com , by sticking to your support for the compromise Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , which protects telephone companies that cooperated with government intelligence agencies from lawsuits .
The law sucks , but you can change it if you 're elected .
Meanwhile , there 's no reason to give Republicans an excuse for charging you with being soft on terrorists .
9 ) Go to the front lines .
Pay a visit to Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan before the convention to get a first - hand look at how the wars are going .
Pay visits to veterans ' hospitals and propose big improvements in the way our soldiers are treated .
Like putting that flag pin back in your lapel , these steps will help to burnish your patriotism and foreign policy credentials .
If you are going to be commander - in - chief , you have to act like one .
There are , of course , lots of other things that you can do to improve your chances in November , and you 're already doing some of them .
But none of them may be as important , in the end , as something we blacks can do for you .
We have to let you have the freedom to run as a candidate for all the people , not just us .
If we try to turn your campaign into a black thing that whites do n't understand , you wo n't make it and the country will be stuck with four more years of disastrous policies .
This is a case in which we have to put America 's interests ahead of our own , by letting you do whatever you need to do to win .
Go for it !
Yes , you can .
Jack White teaches at Virginia Commonwealth University .
Obama Organizers Meet On Saturday , July 26 , just 100 days from November 4th Election
The general election is coming up sooner than you may think .
This Saturday , July 26th , is just 100 days from November 4th .
Right now , Senator Obama is on an important trip to Europe and the Middle East where , as president , he will work to restore America 's strength in the world .
He has spent recent days visiting our troops and meeting with leaders in Israel , Afghanistan , Iraq , and other nations .
Here in Florida , we have some important work to do as well .
This Saturday , July 26th , supporters are joining together at Campaign for Change organizational meetings across the state .
These meetings are an important chance to meet campaign organizers , community leaders , and other Obama supporters in your area .
Together , we 'll discuss our strategy for building this movement for change in Florida .
Sign up to attend an organizational meeting this Saturday :
http://fl.barackobama.com/FLorgmeeting
Since we 're only 100 days from the general election , we can't afford to sit on the sidelines -- we have to start now .
Saturday 's organizational meetings are an opportunity to meet fellow Obama supporters in your community and learn about a crucial part of our strategy here -- our new Florida Neighborhood Teams for Change program .
The Florida Neighborhood Teams for Change program is a fun and easy way to turn your commitment to our Campaign for Change into action that will help turn Florida blue in November .
Teams will be responsible for reaching out to friends , neighbors , and undecided voters to spread the word about this movement .
No political experience is required .
We 'll provide you with everything you need , every step of the way .
Join us this Saturday at an organizational meeting in your county :
http://fl.barackobama.com/FLorgmeeting
Thank you ,
Jackie
Jackie Lee
Florida General Election Director
Campaign for Change
P.S. --
Want to learn more about programs in Florida ?
The Obama Florida homepage is the best resource to stay up - to - date about events and activities in your area .
Bookmark the page in your web browser , visit often , and make sure to pass the word to your family and friends :
http://fl.barackobama.com
Michelle Obama Attacked by Fox Television
Sign The Petition foxattacks.com / michelle
I 'm sure many of you have seen and / or heard FOX 's racist and sexist attacks against Michelle Obama .
Brave New Films has a video describing these attacks and a petition to demand that FOX stop attacking Michelle Obama .
Please sign the petition and pass both it and the video around .
You can watch the video here .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQ_kR8nP1Tc
You can sign the petition here .
http://foxattacks.com/michelle
The Obama Agenda June 30 , 2008
New York Times
Op - Ed Columnist
By PAUL KRUGMAN
It ’s feeling a lot like 1992 right now .
It ’s also feeling a lot like 1980 .
But which parallel is closer ?
Is Barack Obama going to be a Ronald Reagan of the left , a president who fundamentally changes the country ’s direction ?
Or will he be just another Bill Clinton ?
Current polls — not horse - race polls , which are notoriously uninformative until later in the campaign , but polls gauging the public mood — are strikingly similar to those in both 1980 and 1992 , years in which an overwhelming majority of Americans were dissatisfied with the country ’s direction .
So the odds are that this will be a “ change ” election — which means that it ’s very much Mr. Obama ’s election to lose .
But if he wins , how much change will he actually deliver ?
Reagan , for better or worse — I ’d say for worse , but that ’s another discussion — brought a lot of change .
He ran as an unabashed conservative , with a clear ideological agenda .
And he had enormous success in getting that agenda implemented .
He had his failures , most notably on Social Security , which he tried to dismantle but ended up strengthening .
But America at the end of the Reagan years was not the same country it was when he took office .
Bill Clinton also ran as a candidate of change , but it was much less clear what kind of change he was offering .
He portrayed himself as someone who transcended the traditional liberal - conservative divide , proposing “ a government that offers more empowerment and less entitlement . ”
The economic plan he announced during the campaign was something of a hodgepodge : higher taxes on the rich , lower taxes for the middle class , public investment in things like high - speed rail , health care reform without specifics .
We all know what happened next .
The Clinton administration achieved a number of significant successes , from the revitalization of veterans ’ health care and federal emergency management to the expansion of the Earned Income Tax Credit and health insurance for children .
But the big picture is summed up by the title of a new book by the historian Sean Wilentz : “ The Age of Reagan : A history , 1974 - 2008 . ”
So whom does Mr. Obama resemble more ?
At this point , he ’s definitely looking Clintonesque .
Like Mr. Clinton , Mr. Obama portrays himself as transcending traditional divides .
Near the end of last week ’s “ unity ” event with Hillary Clinton , he declared that “ the choice in this election is not between left or right , it ’s not between liberal or conservative , it ’s between the past and the future . ”
Oh-kay .
Mr. Obama ’s economic plan also looks remarkably like the Clinton 1992 plan : a mixture of higher taxes on the rich , tax breaks for the middle class and public investment ( this time with a focus on alternative energy ) .
Sometimes the Clinton - Obama echoes are almost scary .
During his speech accepting the nomination , Mr. Clinton led the audience in a chant of “ We can do it ! ” Remind you of anything ?
Just to be clear , we could — and still might — do a lot worse than a rerun of the Clinton years .
But Mr. Obama ’s most fervent supporters expect much more .
Progressive activists , in particular , overwhelmingly supported Mr. Obama during the Democratic primary even though his policy positions , particularly on health care , were often to the right of his rivals ’ .
In effect , they convinced themselves that he was a transformational figure behind a centrist facade .
They may have had it backward .
Mr. Obama looks even more centrist now than he did before wrapping up the nomination .
Most notably , he has outraged many progressives by supporting a wiretapping bill that , among other things , grants immunity to telecom companies for any illegal acts they may have undertaken at the Bush administration ’s behest .
The candidate ’s defenders argue that he ’s just being pragmatic — that he needs to do whatever it takes to win , and win big , so that he has the power to effect major change .
But critics argue that by engaging in the same “ triangulation and poll - driven politics ” he denounced during the primary , Mr. Obama actually hurts his election prospects , because voters prefer candidates who take firm stands .
In any case , what about after the election ?
The Reagan - Clinton comparison suggests that a candidate who runs on a clear agenda is more likely to achieve fundamental change than a candidate who runs on the promise of change but is n’t too clear about what that change would involve .
Of course , there ’s always the possibility that Mr. Obama really is a centrist , after all .
One thing is clear : for Democrats , winning this election should be the easy part .
Everything is going their way : sky - high gas prices , a weak economy and a deeply unpopular president .
The real question is whether they will take advantage of this once - in - a - generation chance to change the country ’s direction .
And that ’s mainly up to Mr. Obama .
Senator Obama And Telecom Immunity Legislation By Clayton Woullard
Before we get too riled up about Barack supporting the telecom immunity bill , let 's keep in mind what else the bill does and put it in context with a statement from his campaign :
( Posted on Huffingtonpost.com ) :
Sen .
Barack Obama 's campaign released a statement Friday afternoon saying that while Obama opposes amnesty for telecom firms that spied on Americans , he will support the House compromise legislation .
The statement in full :
" Given the grave threats that we face , our national security agencies must have the capability to gather intelligence and track down terrorists before they strike , while respecting the rule of law and the privacy and civil liberties of the American people .
There is also little doubt that the Bush Administration , with the cooperation of major telecommunications companies , has abused that authority and undermined the Constitution by intercepting the communications of innocent Americans without their knowledge or the required court orders .
" That is why last year I opposed the so - called Protect America Act , which expanded the surveillance powers of the government without sufficient independent oversight to protect the privacy and civil liberties of innocent Americans .
I have also opposed the granting of retroactive immunity to those who were allegedly complicit in acts of illegal spying in the past .
" After months of negotiation , the House today passed a compromise that , while far from perfect , is a marked improvement over last year 's Protect America Act .
" Under this compromise legislation , an important tool in the fight against terrorism will continue , but the President 's illegal program of warrantless surveillance will be over .
It restores FISA and existing criminal wiretap statutes as the exclusive means to conduct surveillance - making it clear that the President cannot circumvent the law and disregard the civil liberties of the American people .
It also firmly re-establishes basic judicial oversight over all domestic surveillance in the future .
It does , however , grant retroactive immunity , and I will work in the Senate to remove this provision so that we can seek full accountability for past offenses .
But this compromise guarantees a thorough review by the Inspectors General of our national security agencies to determine what took place in the past , and ensures that there will be accountability going forward .
By demanding oversight and accountability , a grassroots movement of Americans has helped yield a bill that is far better than the Protect America Act .
" It is not all that I would want .
But given the legitimate threats we face , providing effective intelligence collection tools with appropriate safeguards is too important to delay .
So I support the compromise , but do so with a firm pledge that as President , I will carefully monitor the program , review the report by the Inspectors General , and work with the Congress to take any additional steps I deem necessary to protect the lives - and the liberty - of the American people . "
I think we need to keep in mind the conditions under which Democrats are trying to get things done and that compromise is a necessity in politics .
Compromise is also a quality of Barack 's that will be fundamental in getting him elected as president .
Goodbye to a Standup Brother
Tim Russert was a rarity in Washington ; when he said he wanted to understand other people , he meant it .
TheRoot.com
June 15 , 2008 -- Here is something important you need to know about Tim Russert :
On the night Barack Obama clinched the Democratic presidential nomination , even a casual viewer could tell Tim was beside himself with the joy of watching history unfold before his eyes .
In that slightly over the top , nearly hokey way that characterized his love of election nights , he simply could not get enough .
I was watching at home , enough of a political junkie myself to know I had to hang in there to see the history being made , but fighting off sleep all the same .
And then my friend Tim said something on the air that made me wish I 'd said it first .
" I was thinking : What would I like to do tomorrow ? " he said to the camera , his face shiny with excitement .
" No more primaries to cover !
One , I 'd like to be in that meeting between Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama .
But absent that , I would LOVE to teach American history in an inner-city American school tomorrow morning .
How GREAT would that be ?
Just to look in those faces and listen to those kids — what they witnessed and saw tonight . "
I knew he meant every word .
Tim loved a lot of things , a lot of people .
And we loved him right back .
He hired me at NBC in 1994 on a dare , luring me from my comfy perch at the New York Times with a promise to teach me TV .
His reasoning was simple ; it was a better bet to teach a good reporter about television than to try to teach a TV - ready talking head about how to be a journalist .
His own example was his guide .
He took over Meet the Press in 1991 without a lick of television experience , but with a wealth of political knowledge .
He never had to say it , but I also know Tim considered it a bonus that , by hiring me , he was going to be able to add an African - American voice to his Washington bureau — someone who could keep up with him on politics but also tell him stuff he did n't know .
He was keenly aware that , as proud as he was of his Irish Catholic , blue - collar roots , other people had different roots that they were equally proud of and that understanding those varied views of the world was important .
I was working for him at NBC during the 1995 Million Man March .
As hundreds of thousands of men streamed onto the National Mall , he knew this was a big deal , and he knew there was something he could learn if he would just dig deeply enough .
So he assembled a roundtable for that week 's Meet the Press unlike anything Sunday morning had ever seen : all black men , including liberal Jesse Jackson and conservative Robert Woodson , Tim and me .
It was no stunt .
Tim really wanted to understand the significance of the event .
That kind of sincere interest is rare .
Many powerful white men limit their curiosity to confirming what they already believe they know to be true .
When Tim did not know something , he found someone who did .
Over the years , he found me , and NPR's Michele Norris , and the Washington Post 's Eugene Robinson and CNN's Suzanne Malveaux and Joe Johns and other voices who could clue him in to how black folk thought , talked , acted — and to help him understand why there was no monolithic answer .
When the National Urban League scolded him and other Sunday morning shows about lack of diversity on their roundtables , he showed up at the meeting himself to talk to them about how to address the problem .
I made my last appearance with him on Meet the Press a few weeks ago .
We were talking about race in the context of this year 's presidential contest and another panelist , Jon Meacham of Newsweek , remarked that race was a subject that made white folks queasy .
I countered that black folks only get queasy talking about race when they are in conversation with white folks who get queasy talking about it .
Tim 's eyes twinkled when he looked at me .
He absolutely loved that I was telling him something he had not thought of before .
I never minded talking about race with Tim because he was never queasy talking about it with me .
There is quite a line of people who , at various times , have taken credit for my career .
I usually let them do it , even if I remember events quite differently .
But Tim deserves the credit .
He not only talked me into switching to TV against my first instincts , but — five years later — he engineered a way for me to leave NBC when I was offered the chance to become the first African American to host a weekly public affairs program , Washington Week , over on PBS .
He not only talked NBC executives into getting me out of my contract , but he also looked me in the eye and told me this was something I absolutely , positively had to do .
Tim remained a friend to the end .
Even when we disagreed — as happened during the infamous Don Imus episode last year — he never stopped wanting to hear what I thought .
Imus was his friend , and he had appeared on the radio show many , many times .
So when Meet the Press producer Betsy Fischer called to invite me to participate in a Sunday roundtable focused on the controversy , I at first refused .
I felt compelled to call Tim and explain .
If I come on your show , I told him , I will be forced to criticize the journalists who had enabled Imus over the years , leading up to his stunning insult of the Rutgers basketball team .
Tim knew — and I knew — that Imus had insulted me too , years before .
When I told Tim I did n't feel I could come to his house and insult him , he quickly assured me that he wanted me to come and say what I had to say .
People needed to hear it , he told me .
So I went , and I told him to his face that I found his defense of Imus disappointing .
I got a lot of kudos for speaking truth to power that day , but the real news was that Tim allowed me to say what I had to say , knowing it would not make him look good .
That does not happen a lot — in life or politics .
I am stunned and grief - stricken by Tim 's death .
In a world where many of us realize we are the only black friends our white friends have , I remember Tim as a guy who considered it a thrill to drop by my house , grab the first baby who wandered by in a house full of mostly black people , and work the room like he never wanted to leave .
Now that , right there , was my brother .
Gwen Ifill is host of '' Washington Week ' ' on PBS .
Senate Should Stop Confirming Bush 's Appointment of Judges Dear Friend ,
Thanks to seven years of Bush 's ultra-conservative appointments to the courts , the federal judiciary has been shifted far to the right .
Now that his presidency is -- finally -- almost over , it 's time for the Senate to stop confirming ANY of his judicial nominees .
Let 's tell Senator Patrick Leahy , Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , that he should shut down the judicial confirmations process until a new president is sworn in next January .
I hope you 'll have a look and take action .
http://act.credoaction.com/campaign/no_more_bush_judges/?r_by=-1661028-wou2.c&rc=mailto
Obama Speaks to His National Staff in Chicago After Winning Obama returned to Chicago last week to address his enthusiastic staff .
From the video link below , you will hear what he told them .
One of these days I will learn how to download the video onto these pages .
Until then ..... click below .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnhmByYxEIo&eurl=http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2008/06/09/obama-speaks-to-campaign_n_105997.html
Fox News Wants To Know If This Is A " Hezbollah " Terrorist Signal
ON BARACK OBAMA : Andy Goodman's Ghost By Danny Lyon
bleakbeauty.com
April 27 , 2008
Five years ago I was having dinner with a group of students in a bar in Carbondale , Illinois .
As we left I saw five men seated at a back table .
Waiting for them as they got up to leave , I stopped the tall and handsome man .
It was Barack Obama , then campaigning for the Democratic nomination for Senator from Illinois .
He stooped and listened patiently as I told him that Julian Bond was a good friend of mine , that I had photographed the civil rights movement , and that my daughter , Gabrielle , was an activist in Chicago , and my son in law , Dr. Paul Sereno , was also on the University of Chicago faculty where Obama had taught constitutional law .
Obama lives in Hyde Park , Chicago , the neighborhood I left to join SNCC 46 years ago .
When he began his run for the Presidency of the United States , I sent him my civil rights book and wrote across the opening page , “ The hopes and dreams of untold thousands rest with you ” .
I wanted to write “ millions ” .
When I was nineteen and a college student in Chicago , the first reports of the American civil rights movement were reaching me .
I read that Martin Luther King was in jail in Georgia .
I had no car and no idea of how to get there .
In 1962 , in my third year as a history student at the University of Chicago , I talked with a fellow student , a white Jewish woman who had been arrested in a demonstration in the South .
It was my first contact with the black rebellion that was slowly growing in the southern states .
That year I was twenty years old .
Segregation , or aparthied , was the law of the land in thirteen American states .
With contact information from my fellow student , I hitchhiked south , first to southern Illinois where I met John Lewis , who is now a congressmen and still one of my oldest friends .
Within a week I had reached the deep south in Georgia , was thrown into jail , and looked through the bars across to the Negro section of the jail to watch Martin Luther King being served a special lunch of chicken on a red and white checkered tablecloth and being examined by a doctor .
I had managed to reach the southern civil rights movement about one year before it was recognized as a major story by the press .
The word “ media ” was not used in 1962 .
Now I am sixty - six and there are two things I like to tell people of my life .
One is that I was in jail with Martin Luther King , the other is that I spent four days alone with Muhammad Ali in 1973 just before the second Jerry Quarry fight .
Ali is like King , an American great .
In 1968 Ali did something that is almost unheard of in our society .
He put principles before money and refused to fight in Vietnam .
“ No Vietcong ever called me Nigger ” is as good a line as many that Jefferson wrote , and Muhammad Ali did not go to college .
Any one that experienced segregation in the South , cannot help but jump when he sees a black family being served in a white restaurant in Mississippi .
I will never get used to it .
I saw too many people thrown through windows , knocked down , beaten up and arrested over and over to ever take this simple event for granted .
Nor will I ever feel safe driving down a dark southern highway at night , all alone , because I know of young people that were in the Movement and were murdered as they drove down those roads at night .
As I write this Obama is about to become the 44th President of the United States .
The office created for George Washington , a holder of hundreds of African slaves .
An office elevated by Abraham Lincoln who wrote very clearly that the black person would never be equal to the white person , and thought sending the slaves back to Africa was the best way to deal with the problem .
Of course it was James Baldwin who pointed out that “ the problem ” was something white people had , not blacks .
Obama ’s campaign , in fact the whole phenomenon of his candidacy , is a page torn out of the Southern Civil Rights Movement and is the direct result of the events that occurred in the deep south forty six years ago .
The grass roots uprising that I joined in 1962 was called the movement , with a small “ m ” and within two years I published a book called The Movement , with a capital M .
That is what media people do .
They take reality and sell it to the public .
The entire idea of the leader that does not lead is straight from the life of Bob Moses , the NYC math teacher that led the rebellion in Mississippi and lead the successful fight to secure the right for blacks to vote in that state and across the South .
When Hillary stupidly said that President Johnson secured the right to vote by signing the voting rights act in 1967 , she insulted a lot of people .
The people that won the right to vote in the South were the young people , mostly black , that put their lives on the line and created the pressure that made the voting rights act possible .
When the Klan gathered in Mississippi to murder three voter registration workers , one of them was a black boy from Mississippi and the other two were Jewish boys from New York City .
So the Obama candidacy has taken the tactics of the Movement , of grass roots organizing , of the “ leader that does not lead ” and used it successfully in a run for the Presidency .
Just participating in the black rebellion in the South in the early 1960 ’s was a victory .
You did n’t have to win every battle because the biggest battle was overcoming your and your family ’s fear to join the movement .
Obama ’s candidacy is in itself a huge victory .
It shows that the media ’s constant refrain that Americans all hate each other and that we are a deeply racist society is simply not true .
As the author of many books of journalism and films using pictures and words , I have devoted my life to creating an honest picture of America , almost always in direct opposition to the false world that seems to so naturally come from the Media .
Can you change society ?
Can you change Americans ?
Can you even see or recognize change ?
If you live long enough and get old enough , you can see change .
You can see it now .
The real people that created this wonderful moment in American and world history are n’t the thousands of young people that have worked so hard organizing Obama ’s victories .
The people that created this moment are now in their sixties and older and worked for this moment when they were young and some that worked for it their whole lives .
I am not much for TV pundits , but one of them , on CNBC , commenting on Obama ’s startling victory in Iowa , said something that made me jump and deserves repeating .
He talked of the myriad problems of America and how the world and many people have come to view the United States .
“ Its almost as if he were sent by God , ” he said .
I agree .
Danny Lyon , April 27 , 2008
Is Obama An Enlightened Being ?
Spiritual wise ones say :
This sure ai n't no ordinary politician .
You buying it ?
By Mark Morford
SF Gate Columnist
Friday , June 6 , 2008
I find I 'm having this discussion , this weird little debate , more and more , with colleagues , with readers , with liberals and moderates and miserable , deeply depressed Republicans and spiritually amped persons of all shapes and stripes and I 'm having it in particular with those who seem confused , angry , unsure , thoroughly nonplussed , as they all ask me the same thing :
What the hell 's the big deal about Obama ?
I , of course , have an answer .
Sort of .
Warning :
If you are a rigid pragmatist / literalist , itchingly evangelical , a scowler , a doubter , a burned - out former '60s radical with no hope left , or are otherwise unable or unwilling to parse alternative New Age speak , click away right now , because you ain't gonna like this one little bit .
Ready ?
It goes likes this :
Barack Obama is n't really one of us .
Not in the normal way , anyway .
This is what I find myself offering up more and more in response to the whiners and the frowners and to those with broken or sadly dysfunctional karmic antennae - or no antennae at all - to all those who just do n't understand and maybe even actively recoil against all this chatter about Obama 's aura and feel and MLK / JFK - like vibe .
To them I say , all right , you want to know what it is ?
The appeal , the pull , the ethereal and magical thing that seems to enthrall millions of people from all over the world , that keeps opening up and firing into new channels of the culture normally completely unaffected by politics ?
No , it 's not merely his youthful vigor , or handsomeness , or even inspiring rhetoric .
It is not fresh ideas or cool charisma or the fact that a black president will be historic and revolutionary in about a thousand different ways .
It is something more .
Even Bill Clinton , with all his effortless , winking charm , did n't have what Obama has , which is a sort of powerful luminosity , a unique high - vibration integrity .
Dismiss it all you like , but I 've heard from far too many enormously smart , wise , spiritually attuned people who 've been intuitively blown away by Obama 's presence - not speeches , not policies , but sheer presence - to say it 's just a clever marketing ploy , a slick gambit carefully orchestrated by hotshot campaign organizers who , once Obama gets into office , will suddenly turn from perky optimists to vile soul - sucking lobbyist whores , with Obama as their suddenly evil , cackling overlord .
Here 's where it gets gooey .
Many spiritually advanced people I know ( not coweringly religious , mind you , but deeply spiritual ) identify Obama as a Lightworker , that rare kind of attuned being who has the ability to lead us not merely to new foreign policies or health care plans or whatnot , but who can actually help usher in a new way of being on the planet , of relating and connecting and engaging with this bizarre earthly experiment .
These kinds of people actually help us evolve .
They are philosophers and peacemakers of a very high order , and they speak not just to reason or emotion , but to the soul .
The unusual thing is , true Lightworkers almost never appear on such a brutal , spiritually demeaning stage as national politics .
This is why Obama is so rare .
And this why he is so often compared to Kennedy and Martin Luther King Jr. , to those leaders in our culture whose stirring vibrations still resonate throughout our short history .
Are you rolling your eyes and scoffing ?
Fine by me .
But you gotta wonder , why has , say , the JFK legacy lasted so long , is so vital to our national identity ?
Yes , the assassination canonized his legend .
The Kennedy family is our version of royalty .
But there 's something more .
Those attuned to energies beyond the literal meanings of things , these people say JFK was n't assassinated for any typical reason you can name .
It 's because he was just this kind of high - vibration being , a peacemaker , at odds with the war machine , the CIA , the dark side .
And it killed him .
Now , Obama .
The next step .
Another try .
And perhaps , as Bush laid waste to the land and embarrassed the country and pummeled our national spirit into disenchanted pulp and yet ironically , in so doing has helped set the stage for an even larger and more fascinating evolutionary burp , we are finally truly ready for another Lightworker to step up .
Let me be completely clear : I 'm not arguing some sort of utopian revolution , a big global group hug with Obama as some sort of happy hippie camp counselor .
I 'm not saying the man 's going to swoop in like a superhero messiah and stop all wars and make the flowers grow and birds sing and solve world hunger and bring puppies to schoolchildren .
Please .
I 'm also certainly not saying he 's perfect , that his presidency will be free of compromise , or slimy insiders , or great heaps of politics - as - usual .
While Obama 's certainly an entire universe away from George W. Bush in terms of quality , integrity , intelligence and overall inspirational energy , well , so is your dog .
Hell , it is n't hard to stand far above and beyond the worst president in American history .
But there simply is no denying that extra kick .
As one reader put it to me , in a way , it 's not even about Obama , per se .
There 's a vast amount of positive energy swirling about that 's been held back by the armies of BushCo darkness , and this energy has now found a conduit , a lightning rod , is now effortlessly self - organizing around Obama 's candidacy .
People and emotions and ideas of high and positive vibration are automatically draw to him .
It 's exactly like how Bush was a magnet for the low vibrational energies of fear and war and oppression and aggression , but , you know , completely reversed .
And different .
And far , far better .
Do n't buy any of it ?
Think that 's all a bunch of tofu- sucking New Agey bulls -- and Obama is really a dangerously elitist political salesman whose inexperience will lead us further into darkness because , when you 're talking national politics , nothing , really , ever changes ?
I understand .
I get it .
I often believe it myself .
Not this time .
Democratic Primary Boosts U.S. Image Around the World
Washington Post Foreign Service
Wednesday , June 4 , 2008
LONDON , June 4 --
For much of the world , Sen. Barack Obama 's victory in the D
Married couples flocking to the Tuscan countryside or the Eternal City this summer might want to think twice before accepting that generous dinner party invitation from the welcoming Italian couple .
They might get more than they bargained for .
If a new report is to be believed , it seems a quarter of all Italian couples regularly take part in wife swapping .
The revelation comes not from the seedier quarters of the country that gave the world Casanova , but from the usually po-faced pages of national broadsheet La Stampa .
According to yesterday 's front page article , entitled " The Lunch Time Swingers " , an estimated 500,000 Italian couples are officially swapping partners at private sex clubs , with thousands more doing it in a more ad - hoc fashion in car parks , specially designated beaches or even cemeteries .
The report will have Italy 's Catholic clergy shaking with anger at the congregation from their pulpit but when you consider the country 's lothario leader , Silvio Berlusconi , it is perhaps not entirely surprising .
This is the man , after all , who – in front of the international press corps gathered in the opulent quarters of Palazzo Chigi ( the Italian version of Downing Street ) – once tried to pimp his wife Veronica to the Danish Prime Minister , Anders Fogh Rasmussen .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" Rasmussen is the most handsome Prime Minister in Europe .
I think I will introduce him to my wife because he is even more handsome than Cacciari , " Mr Berlusconi quipped , in a reference to his wife 's alleged but subsequently denied fondness for the former mayor of Venice , Massimo Cacciari .
The La Stampa article , primly struggling with whether to call this new Italian predilection a " passion " or a " hobby " , said wife swapping had increased everywhere " at a rate that makes you dizzy " , largely because of the internet which had stripped away the taboos .
The source with which the newspaper arrived at the one - in - four figure was a Rome - based body called The International Federation for the Protection of Rights and Freedoms , or Federsex , for short .
The organisation has 500,000 members that meet in 200 private clubs across Italy and swap partners , but the Federsex experts believe that is just the tip of the iceberg .
They put the real figure closer to two million , or a quarter of the eight million sexually active couples across the country .
The average age of male participants is 43 , while the swapped women tend to be younger at 35 , and it is no longer a furtive after - dark activity but one that can " even take place during one 's lunch hour . "
As one employee of the Club Malizia in Milan confirmed , " We see all sorts of people ... the thing that links them is that they have no money worries – accountants , doctors , even footballers and politicians . "
The La Stampa investigation was triggered by the death last month of 27 - year - old Dejan Delijevic , who was found hanging by his studded dog collar from a metal fence by the Magic Nuar club on the outskirts of Mantova .
Appearing to be a sex game gone wrong , it was a case that titillated the nationà la Max Mosley , prompting the same soul - searching over sexual mores .
Establishments such as the Magic Nuar , far from being an aberration , are very much part of the married life of many an Italian couple , according to La Stampa .
Lara , who grew up in the Sicilian town of Catania , recounted how she felt herself suffocating during her traditional upbringing , her father requiring her to be home by 9.30 pm .
She fled as soon as possible to a university education in Rome during which she met Luca , the man who introduced her to wife swapping .
Nowadays , Lara and her husband Luca leave the kids at home and go out for the night to have , as she puts it , " a nice evening of group sex . "
Italy 's most infamous player , Signor Casanova , once said " cultivating whatever gave pleasure to my senses was always the chief business of my life ; I never found any occupation more important " .
In these modern days , the catchphrase might be , to quote , one scambisti : " I love my husband .
That is why I want to swap him . "
For me , a former McCain fan and admirer , someone who has written many columns praising him , someone I endorsed as a close - second to Ron Paul , this campaign has shredded whatever respect I once had for him .
My bad , I guess , for not seeing before his narcissism , recklessness , cynicism , rank opportunism and pure mendacity .
I second Josh Marshall :
McCain has revealed himself as a liar well outside the permissive standards applied to politicians .
He 's shown himself to be reckless to the point of instability , repeatedly putting the country at risk ( exploiting the Georgia crisis , picking Palin , storming the bailout negotiations ) for transparently self - serving reasons .
And in too many ways to count , he 's conducted his campaign in disgraceful and dishonorable ways .
He 's a disgusting public figure in so many ways .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Los Angeles Police Chief William J. Bratton said Wednesday he believes that Al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden might try to influence next month ’s U.S. presidential election through a terrorist attack or some less dramatic tactic .
“ With so much at stake in these elections , Bin Laden will probably attempt to make his opinion count , ” wrote Bratton in an article published on the opinion page of the New York Daily News .
Bratton co-wrote the article with R.P. Eddy , former director of counter - terrorism at the National Security Council .
Deputy Chief Michael Downing , head of the LAPD ’s anti-terrorism bureau , said the department had been “ gearing up for some time ” for the November elections .
Surveillance teams have been concentrated in the city ’s financial district , he said .
Communication with private security groups has also increased , and the department ’s area commanders were briefed last week on the need to keep their officers vigilant , Downing said .
Advertisement
“ We do not want them to be paranoid or anxious , but to orient our troops to potential threats , ” he said .
Bratton and Eddy speculated that Bin Laden is looking to sway the election in favor of Republican Party candidate John McCain , since McCain “ is more likely to engender Muslim anger and resentment than would his opponent .
“ Put simply : Bin Laden probably realizes it could become markedly more difficult to paint the United States as the ‘ Great Satan ’ with a new president who is admired internationally , ” they wrote .
“ The remaining 14 days before the elections should be seen as a time of high threat , and state and local police should be on high alert . ”
If the terror group is plotting an attack , a likely target would be one of the United States ’ financial institutions , Bratton and Eddy wrote .
They called on local law enforcement agencies to increase surveillance of “ high - value financial sites ” and to bolster efforts to prevent truck or car bombings .
Advertisement
Bratton and Eddy pointed to past efforts by Al Qaeda to insert itself in elections .
In 2004 , the terrorist group killed more than 191 people in a series of Madrid train bombings .
The attacks , days before Spain ’s prime ministerial elections , swung the election in favor of a challenger who was a harsh critic of U.S. foreign policy .
And four days before the 2004 U.S. presidential election , Bin Laden issued a videotape addressing the American people .
--
joel.rubin@latimes.com
GOP targets ' present ' vote in soft - on - crime dig at Obama Nick Juliano
Published : Thursday October 23 , 2008
Print This Email This Police union pres decries ' one of the most dishonest attacks yet '
One of the infamous " present " votes Barack Obama cast as an Illinois Senator is serving as fodder for Republican attacks attempting to paint the Democratic candidate as soft on crime .
RAW STORY obtained a GOP mailer sent to independent voters in Florida that alleges Obama is " against protecting children from danger . "
( The full mailer , sent by the Republican Party of Florida , is reproduced below . )
The same charge is leveled in a recorded phone call John McCain 's campaign is placing to voters in Wisconsin and Indiana , Talking Points Memo's Greg Sargent reports .
The Obama campaign sent RAW STORY the following statement from National Association of Police Organizations president Tom Nee .
The union has endorsed Obama .
" This is one of the most dishonest attacks yet from an increasingly dishonest , dishonorable campaign , " Nee said .
" It is a fact that Senator McCain voted against putting more police on the street , outlawing cop killer bullets , voted against Justice Department grants that would help local police keep our nations neighborhoods safe and he even voted against the Violence Against Women Act , while Senator Obama voted to crack down on crime , target gangs , put rapists away and was endorsed by the National Association of Police Organizations .
It s clear that Senator McCain and his agents would rather distort facts and scare people than talk about his disastrous public safety and economic policies that offer no change from the last eight years . "
To support its charge , the flyer cites a 1999 bill in the Illinois State Senate that would have prosecuted juveniles as adults for gun-related crimes committed on or near school grounds .
The measure was one of several dozen " present " votes Obama cast during his time as a state legislature .
An Obama aide pointed to scores of other Obama votes to rebut the GOP 's charge he is against children .
As a state senator , Obama voted to increase penalties in child abduction and molestation cases , to crack down on sex offenders and child pornography and to require clergy members to report sexual abuse .
In an article last year , the New York Times highlighted the bill in an examination of Obama 's " present " votes .
In that case , the paper reported , Obama 's present vote was not part of a broader strategy by Democratic state senators , as had been the case on some other measures , such as a few anti-abortion bills .
Aides said back in December that Obama voted present because of concerns over the bill 's effectiveness .
The Times mused that " political calculus " may have been a motivation for Obama , who faced competing pressure to appeal to African Americans and maintain a reputation as being tough on crime .
Thom Mannard , director of the Illinois Council Against Handgun Violence , said political calculation could have figured in that vote .
 If he voted a flat - out no ,  Mr. Mannard said , somebody down the road could say Obama took this vote and was soft on crime . 
If the vote was an attempt to dodge future political consequences , it does n't seem to have worked out too well .
Republicans have attacked Democrats as " soft on crime " for decades , and they do n't seem ready to let a few legislative semantics get in their way this time around .
The following flyer landed in mailboxes of Florida independent voters this week .
( Click for full size )
Back :
Front :
It 's easy to find geeky characters in geeky movies .
Here , then , is our list of the ten best characters who we think qualify as geeks , but who appear in movies aimed at ( and popular with ) the general public , not primarily at geeks .
1. The Geek from Sixteen Candles - Yeah , it 's kind of a gimme .
I mean , the character is officially billed as " The Geek , " and he was played by Anthony Michael Hall , who at that point in his career was pretty much playing only geeks and nerds , and this was really his first such role .
He gave some serious , if probably unrealistic , hope to geeks in the ' 80s , by ending up with the prom queen .
2. " Doc " Emmett Brown from the Back to the Future movies - He 's an exaggerated geek , of course , as only Christopher Lloyd could play .
And he mispronounces " gigawatt , " which geeks everywhere cringed at when the first movie came out .
But his excitement about his inventions , his habit of naming his dogs after famous scientists , and the way he obsessively builds models in parts I and III , prove his geekiness even if no other evidence existed .
He had to be on this list , especially since he ends up as a geek dad himself , even naming his sons " Jules " and " Verne . "
3. Lloyd Dobler from Say Anything ... -
He 's not the traditional geek , and I 'm sure some people will claim he 's not a geek at all .
But I identified with him because he's an outsider , and a sensitive guy , and he admires brains more than anything else .
I 'd argue that he'd be more of the classic geek if he were n't written as an underachiever , and yeah , he kickboxes , but really , if you 're going to do sports , that 's about as nonconformist as it gets .
__4 . Indiana Jones __-
Obviously he 's a geek who 's not afraid to get his hands dirty .
But he 's a college professor , he donates everything he finds to a museum , and he does pretty much everything in an unconventional way .
He 's the geekiest action hero there is .
5. Belle from Beauty and the Beast - She has to be one of the top two or three smartest main characters in any Disney animated movie , male or female .
She loves books more than anything , helps her father with his inventions , and can't stand the boorish Gaston who 's handsome but stupid .
The sheer joy she feels when the Beast gives her his library is so pure you can feel it , and she falls in love with the Beast despite his appearance .
Plus , she 's only momentarily fazed by the talking candlestick , clock , dishware , and furniture .
It makes one wonder if the producers of " Beauty and the Geek " realized their unintentional irony .
( More after the jump . )
6. David Lightman from WarGames - I do n't think this one needs much justification , seeing as how he 's a hacker , and a great character .
I 'm sure some might claim the movie is n't mainstream enough to belong on this list , but I remember when it came out , and it was popular enough that most people who saw it did n't realize how preposterous most of the plot really was .
7. Gordie Lachance from Stand by Me -
If you 've seen the film you know what I mean .
He 's a writer and a storyteller .
He 's very sensitive and does n't like confrontations , which is why when at the end of the movie he pulls a gun on Ace you know how strongly he feels about what he 's doing .
8. Richard Sumner from Desk Set -
It 's not a movie everyone reading this will have seen , but it 's such a great film I had to include it .
Spencer Tracy 's Sumner is the developer of a new computer that a group of researchers , led by Katharine Hepburn 's character , is afraid will replace them .
He loves his computer ( which , since the movie came out in 1957 , is huge ) more than any human being ( until , of course , he falls in love with Hepburn 's character ) , and in one scene sits down in the middle of the library to read a stack of books .
If you have n't seen the movie , you should — it 's great fun , with great acting , and the computer is really amusing to those of under 60 .
9. Matt Farrell from Live Free or Die Hard -
Yeah , he 's a bit of a cardboard cutout of a hacker , but he 's a lot of fun and works well with John McClane .
And without him , there would 've been no awesome cameo from Kevin Smith .
It may be a bit of a stretch to call him a great character , but it 's so cool to see a geek help Bruce Willis save the day that he belongs on the list anyway .
10 . Andy Dufresne from The Shawshank Redemption -
He enjoys being a banker , loves to read , and broadcasts Mozart throughout the prison .
He even carves chess pieces and puts up a poster from One Million Years B.C .
It 's really his geekiness that saves him , since it gets him the job working for the warden , and probably the brains to come up with his plan in the first place .
Any more ideas ?
Please leave a comment .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - NASA engineers have traced two glitches that shut down the orbiting Hubble space telescope and said on Thursday they rebooted one of the computers involved .
Hubble Space Telescope is seen in this picture taken from Space Shuttle in March 2002 .
REUTERS / NASA / Handout
If all goes well , the telescope should resume some operations on Saturday and then more next week , NASA officials told reporters .
“ Observations with the wide field camera will resume this weekend , ” Art Whipple of NASA ’s Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland , told a telephone briefing .
The computer breakdown forced NASA to delay its final Hubble servicing mission , originally scheduled to take off last week , until February at the soonest .
The space telescope , which orbits about 300 miles above Earth , has transformed the view of the Universe , providing pictures of stars being born , evidence of mysterious dark energy and peering back to the earliest galaxies .
The computer that failed helped transmit these images back to Earth , forcing NASA to use a back - up that had been sleeping since Hubble was launched in 1990 .
“ This is the first time we have turned it on in 18 years and we will have to see how it goes , ” Whipple said .
One of the problems was caused by a timing error in a software test , while the other appears to have been electrical in nature , NASA said .
“ Events of these kinds are not uncommon in electrical components that have been powered off for a time , ” Whipple said , and added that further glitches might be expected .
NASA will decide in mid-November whether the original faulty system will be replaced during the next servicing mission .
The hope is to keep the observatory operating for at least five more years , and enhance its instruments .
WV Vote Flipping Caught on Tape
by Video the Vote
Jackson County , WV - Jackson County , WV 25064
Video the Vote went to Jackson County , WV , in response to numerous reports of machine vote flipping .
To see the entire interview , go here : / video / 407 /
Being able to design custom WordPress themes is almost a must for today ’s web designers .
The fun thing with WordPress is that there ’s always something new that you can learn to make the platform work better for you and your clients .
These 10 tutorials will teach basic WordPress theming as well as some more advanced skills .
Chris Coyier of CSS - Tricks has a three - part video series for downloading and installing WordPress , all the way through everything else involved with designing a custom theme .
The example theme that is built through the series is a personalized homepage theme .
Kai Loon wrote this popular series ( see parts 1 , 2 , 3a , and 3 b ) .
It ’s very detailed and covers designing the theme in Photoshop , slicing and coding , and all of the files involved in the theme .
If your looking for a great guide to take you through the etire process of desigining and coding , this is a good place to start .
NETTUTS has a two - part series ( see parts 1 and 2 ) that ’s a good resource for new theme developers .
It cover the basic files of the theme , including CSS , and the tutorial walks through the development of a basic sample theme .
For a non-traditional or magazine - style layout , this tutorial will take you through the specific WordPress coding that ’s involved and you ’ll create a simple , but attractive , sample layout .
This is another excellent tutorial from NETTUTS for building a different newspaper layout .
Of course , it covers all the coding of the various WP files involved .
This tutorial from Aneko Studios was one of the first ones I read on WordPress theme development .
It covers the different files that make up the WordPress theme and the basic coding that is involved with each .
An older tutorial , but still relevant , this is an in - depth series from Urban Giraffe ( See parts 1 , 2 , 3 , and 4 ) that will take you through the entire process of developing a WordPress theme , with plenty of explanation to go along with the code samples .
One Final Resource
In addition to the ten tutorials listed above , the WordPress Codex is also a great resource with loads of information .
The section for theme development is a great resource , especially if your new to WP theme development .
For more posts on WordPress , see :
Pizza Recipes
Great for sharing or enjoying on your own , pizza is another dish that you can play with .
Choose from these pizza recipes so you can go all out with toppings or stick to the classic cheese .
No matter how you go about it , pizza will always be a go - to meal .
Schmidt attacks the Times
John McCain 's chief strategist , Steve Schmidt , harshly attacked the New York Times in a conference call today , after the Times reported that McCain 's campaign manager had worked , indirectly , for the mortgage giant Fannie Mae .
" Whatever the New York Times once was , it is today , not by any standard a journalistic organization .
It is a pro-Obama advocacy organization that every day attacks the McCain Campaign , attacks Senator McCain , attacks Governor Palin , and excuses Senator Obama , " said Schmidt .
The campaign manager , Rick Davis , responded more directly to the charge , saying McCain had opposed Fannie Mae even as he worked for a coalition that included the corporation .
Schmidt , who has been forced to steadily raise the volume on attention - getting ads and statements like this one , as they become daily fodder , called the Times " completely , totally , 150 percent in the tank for the Democratic candidate . "
Schmidt took as his example of a " compliant " media the lack fo reporting on Joe Biden 's son 's work as a lobbyist .
" His son is a lobbyist for the credit card and banking industry , " he said .
" The Obama campaign is surrounded by people who have worked in the lobbying industry . "
Biden 's son said he was leaving the lobbying business earlier this month .
( Here 's the Times 's story on it . )
Schmidt , whose campaign just weeks ago bragged of ignoring the media and the nonpartisan fact - checkers , called for " a restoration of symmetry " in the coverage of the race .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Democrat Barack Obama has expanded his national lead over Republican John McCain in the U.S. presidential race to 6 percentage points , according to a Reuters / C- SPAN / Zogby poll released on Monday .
Obama leads McCain 50 percent to 44 percent among likely U.S. voters in the latest three - day tracking poll , up from Obama ’s 3 - point advantage on Sunday .
The telephone poll has a margin of error of 2.9 percentage points .
The rally by Obama broke a string of three consecutive days when McCain had gained ground on the Illinois senator after their final debate on Wednesday .
It was the first time in 14 days of the tracking poll that Obama has reached 50 percent .
“ Obama has really consolidated his base , and now has huge leads among young people , African - Americans and Hispanics , ” said pollster John Zogby .
“ Reaching 50 percent puts him in winning territory . ”
Obama also increased his support among two key swing groups that could be vital in the November 4 election .
His edge with independents rose from 8 points to 11 points , and his lead among women grew from 6 points to 8 points .
McCain narrowly trails Obama among men and leads by 13 points , 53 percent to 40 percent , among whites .
“ McCain seems to have slipped a little bit , but in the grand scheme it ’s still a very close race , ” Zogby said .
Obama has led McCain , an Arizona senator , by between two and six points in all 14 days of polling .
“ This race has not really moved all that much in two weeks , ” Zogby said .
POWELL ENDORSEMENT
The expanding lead for Obama came as he received the endorsement of Republican former Secretary of State Colin Powell and announced he had raised a stunning $ 150 million in September .
His fundraising haul shattered the records he already owns and will fuel a huge advantage for Obama in paid advertising in the final 15 days of the campaign .
Some other tracking polls also showed the race tightening in the last few days , but with the help of his huge spending advantage Obama has continued to hold an edge on McCain in some key battleground states .
Slideshow ( 20 images )
The poll , taken Friday through Sunday , showed independent Ralph Nader and Green Party candidate Cynthia McKinney with 1 percent support .
Libertarian Bob Barr barely registered any support .
The rolling tracking poll surveyed 1,211 likely voters in the presidential election .
In a tracking poll , the most recent day ’s results are added while the oldest day ’s results are dropped in an effort to track changing momentum .
The U.S. president is determined not by who wins the most national votes but by who wins the Electoral College , which has 538 members apportioned by population in each state .
Electoral votes are allotted on a winner - take - all basis in all but two states , which divide them by congressional district .
| by
Pin Share 0 Shares
Reading time : 6 – 9 minutes
The ABC television drama Boston Legal is one of my favorite programs .
The show features quick , intelligent dialogue and great performances .
Producer David E. Kelly has used Boston Legal as a platform to speak out on a number of issues over the last four seasons .
Each installment walks a fine line between entertainment and political / social issues such as the Iraq War , global warming and Hurricane Katrina .
Tuesday night ’s season premier titled “ Smoke Signals ” was no exception .
In this episode , Kelly tackles big tobacco .
Attorney Alan
Shore represents a client who is suing a large tobacco company ; her father smoked cigarettes for over 50 years and died of lung cancer .
Testifying before the jury , the tobacco company CEO maintained that “ we also some good along the way ” , asking , “ how many industries actually spend money to discourage people from buying their products ? ”
He claimed that “ spending billions of dollars on anti-smoking campaigns and youth prevention efforts ” is an “ unprecedented display of corporate conscience . ”
In their closing arguments , the defense maintained that there was n’t conclusive evidence that the tobacco company caused the death of the plaintiff .
Shore delivered powerful closing arguments in the case as only the incomparable James Spader could present .
Throughout his closing , he cited research findings and statistics that seemed “ made for TV ” but are , in fact , very real .
In quintessential Highlight HEALTH fashion , I have referenced the studies throughout his closing arguments below .
There will only be 12 episodes in this , the fifth and final season of Boston Legal .
Enjoy it while you can .
Closing arguments
Michael Rhodes smoked cigarettes for 50 years , got lung cancer and died ; we all know what happened here .
We also all know this death .
Everybody in this room knows somebody who has fought this same battle and dies … agonizing , brutal , excruciating …
But … emotion has no play here .
Michael Rhodes was eleven years old when he started smoking , it was 1948 .
At that time , there was no known risk , and even if there were , at eleven he certainly lacked the capacity to assume it .
And after that , he was addicted .
They manufacture them to be addictive .
In just the last few years , they ’ve increased the amount of nicotine in the average cigarette by 11.6 % to make them even more addictive [ 1 ] .
Recently , we learned that tobacco companies have been adding an ammonia - based compound to cigarettes for years to increase absorption of nicotine [ 2 ] .
It ’s basically the same principle used in crack cocaine .
And let ’s look at the obscene strategy they ’ve employed here .
Smoking may cause cancer , but it did n’t cause this particular cancer .
It was n’t our cigarettes , or it was genetic , or asbestos or a paper mill .
Never do they take responsibility ever .
And God forbid , if you sue them , they ’ll bury you and your lawyer .
They might even depose your doctor to death , for good measure .
All their insidious methods and cunning corporate tactics are n’t just history , it ’s what they continue to do now , today .
Because the tobacco industry is like a nest of cockroaches , they will always find a way to survive .
They still go after kids with one strategy after another .
They put up brightly colored ads at kid ’s eye level in convenience stores .
They hire gorgeous twenty - somethings to frequent popular venues and seduce young adults into attending lavish corporate - sponsored parties .
Cockroaches will always find a way .
They ca n’t advertise on TV but they ’ve hired PR agencies to hook them up with the film industry .
And it ’s worked .
Researchers estimate that smoking in movies delivers nearly 400,000 adolescent smokers every year [ 3 ] .
Every time you try to kill the cockroach , it finds another way .
It has to , because when you make a product that kills off your consumers , you have to find a way to recruit new customers .
They ’ve now got a new feminized version of the macho Camel brand using slogans like “ lite ” and “ luscious ” with hot pink packaging .
Virginia Slims advertised their “ thin cigarette ” .
Allure Magazine did a whole spread on the cigarette diet [ 4 ] .
They use social and psychological profiling [ 5 ] , targeting potential smokers by gender , ethnicity , sexual preference , socioeconomic groups … cockroaches do n’t discriminate .
Their CEO comes into this courtroom gloating over their anti-smoking campaign , which is designed to get kids to smoke .
In 2003 , they spent more than 15 billion on advertising and promotion [ 6 ] .
That ’s a 225 % increase from 1998 , and they have the audacity to declare they ’re trying to discourage smoking .
This is not how corporations with a conscience behave .
How in God ’s name are cigarettes even legal , can anybody tell me that ?
They are a deadly concoction of carcinogens that damage every single organ in your body .
Why do we not ban them ?
Because it ’s a free country , because freedom of choice is an American ideal worth somebody dying every six seconds ?
How can any company , especially one with such a conscience no less , knowingly manufacture a product that poisons its users ? … and make that product look cool and hip and sexy and fun , so they can get children .
How can any attorney defend a company that would do such a thing and how could any society tolerate it , but we do .
There is no conscience at big tobacco .
There is no conscience in Washington , which has been bought and paid for by this industry .
Conscience has to come from you , the jury .
If real regulation is to happen , it has to come from you .
People are smoking day after day after day and dying and dying and dying and the tobacco companies keep getting richer and richer .
Last year alone , they made 12 billion dollars in profits [ 7 ] .
How can that be ?
How can that be ?
References
404 page not found
Sorry we can't find this page .
The page you requested can not be found .
It may have been renamed , removed or deleted .
If you were on a previous page on this site , you can return to that page by using your browser 's back button .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
Staff at a hospital have been banned from using social networking websites after a picture of a nurse baring her breasts appeared on Facebook .
Northampton General Hospital confirmed that it introduced the security measure and had disciplined a number of employees after the image was discovered earlier this year .
It is understood the nurse in question revealed herself by lifting an item of clothing .
Another associated image was not as revealing - but did inadvertently show a patient in the background .
Hospital chief executive Helen O'Shea said : " We were extremely disappointed on discovering the image , and took steps to have it removed immediately .
" The staff involved were disciplined , and we issued a reminder to all staff that we expect them to maintain patient confidentiality and professional standards at all times .
" I would like to reassure the public that this was an isolated incident and is certainly not typical of the behaviour of our nurses . "
One of the hottest technologies in Silicon Valley is also one of the simplest .
The online service from Web start - up Twitter Inc. prompts users to do one thing : answer the question , " What are you doing ? " in 140 characters or less .
People type these brief updates , known as " tweets , " into Twitter 's site or send them to Twitter as text messages .
Friends and colleagues can then check the site to monitor each other 's updates .
When ...
Danielle Deleasa is n't exactly a celebrity .
Until now !
The girlfriend of Kevin Jonas , who grew up next door to Kevin in Wyckoff , has been quietly dating the pop singer for months .
Yesterday , the couple shared a passionate kiss while walking across the shoreline at Point Mugu , California .
This must have been some serious tonsil hockey , as the couple captured the spit swapping on camera for themselves :
Sorry , ladies .
Danielle Deleasa has her arms - and mouth - around Kevin Jonas .
Apple came out strong against Prop 8 today in the shape of $ 100,000 donation .
Apple is publicly opposing Proposition 8 and making a donation of $ 100,000 to the No on 8 campaign .
Apple was among the first California companies to offer equal rights and benefits to our employees ’ same - sex partners , and we strongly believe that a person ’s fundamental rights — including the right to marry — should not be affected by their sexual orientation .
Apple views this as a civil rights issue , rather than just a political issue , and is therefore speaking out publicly against Proposition 8 .
I ’ve long been a member of the Apple faithful , having convinced many to switch to Mac over the years —
Apple , where ’s my cut !?
But after today , all debts are forgiven .
I ’m really proud of them and the announcement is well timed .
Evidently Apple could n’t care less about Protect Marriage ’s blackmail campaign against businesses supporting marriage equality .
Out of curiosity I ’ve been following a lot of the forums on Apple friendly sites to gauge the reactions .
It ’s run generally positive , running the gammut from “ I ’m going to the Apple store tonight and spending a lot of money in thanks ” to “ I just bought a new Macbook and I ’m returning it tonight .
I ca n’t support a company that supports immorality . ”
Bigots , please feel free to return your Apple products , it ’ll leave cheaper refurbished products for the rest of us .
I ’m going home to kiss my Mac now .
You do the same .
Post by ILO on 10/24/08 at 5:21 pm
Billionaire businessman , Mark Cuban , launches new site to monitor financial shenanigans by our Wall Street and Federal Reserve friends :
Transparency is key to the success of the Bailout and related loans and investments the government makes with our tax dollars .
Without complete transparency , we will get from our government what we always get when it comes to finances , confusion .
To do my part , I ’ve worked with the folks at Sharesleuth.com to create Bailoutsleuth.com
Its job is simple , keep an eye on our taxpayer dollars and call Bullshit when necessary .
if you take a trip over to Bailoutsleuth you can see that its already time to call BS .
In the first contract handed out , in this case to Bank of NY Mellon Corp , the compensation section is blacked out .
Sad .
So very sad , that we could n't make it a week without being afraid of the very taxpayers who are footing the tab for all of this .
The melamine - tainted food scare just keeps on spreading .
Hong Kong said tody that it is expanding its testing to include meat products imported from China after discovering excessive levels of the chemical in eggs yesterday .
The eggs , from Dalian Hanwei Enterprise Group , contained 4.7 parts per million of melamine , almost double the permitted maximum of 2.5 ppm , though only a hundredth of the levels found in some tainted diary products .
The suspicion is that the contamination came from feed given to chickens that laid the eggs .
Last week , China ’s health ministry said that more than 3,600 children remain sick after consuming melamine - tainted formula .
Three are in serious condition .
From my vantage point , it 's playing Russian Roulette to put Palin so close to the presidency .
She does n't even have a grasp on the important issues facing the nation let alone any idea how to respond to a crisis .
Obama 's been surrounded by experts for 17 months .
His presidential team is probably already selected .
Should something happen to him , all Biden needs is a different nameplate on the door .
You can't prepare for the Presidency in 60 days and McCain is recklessly endangering the country with his Palin pick .
Sneezing , runny nose and chills ?
You might blame the human rhinovirus ( HRV ) , which causes 30 to 50 percent of common colds .
But in reality , it 's not the virus itself but HRV 's ability to manipulate your genes that is the true cause of some of the most annoying cold symptoms .
For the first time , researchers have shown that HRV hijacks many of your genes and causes an overblown immune response that ends up with your nose being overblown .
The research , published in the first issue for November of the American Thoracic Society 's clinical research journal , the American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine , is the first study to comprehensively review gene changes caused by HRV .
" The study 's findings are a major step toward more targeted cold prevention and treatment strategies while also serving as a valuable roadmap for the broader respiratory science community , " said David Proud , PhD , a professor in the Department of Physiology and Biophysics at the University of Calgary , and lead author of the study .
The study was done in collaboration with scientists at the University of Virginia and the Procter & Gamble Company .
Proud added that while colds are usually considered to be minor infections of the nose and throat , they can have much more serious health repercussions .
" Rhinovirus is the major cause of the common cold , but it is also an important pathogen in more serious conditions , such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) , " he said .
" Advances in our understanding of the biology of the common cold may eventually lead to improvements in treatment or methods for prevention of colds , " said Dr. Ron Turner , of the University of Virginia , one of the study 's authors .
The researchers recruited volunteers who were inoculated with either HRV or a sham inoculation and obtained cell scrapings from the nasal passages 8 and 48 hours after inoculation and assessed the genetic changes by microarray , also know as gene chip technology .
After 8 hours , there were virtually no differences between the control and the HRV - inoculated group , but by the 48 - hour mark , more than 6500 genes has been significantly up - or down - regulated in the HRV subjects -- many of the more highly up - regulated genes fell into two major categories : genes making antiviral proteins , including viperin ; or genes making pro-inflammatory cytokines .
" This is the first comprehensive picture to identify several groups of genes that are likely to contribute to the pro-inflammatory and antiviral response , " said Dr. Proud .
The researchers also found that viral titer more than doubled in cells that had had the viperin - producing gene " knocked down , " showing that HRV replication was hampered by viperin .
" This had never been examined during rhinovirus infections , " said Dr. Proud .
" Some evidence existed that this protein ( only discovered a few years ago ) had effects on influenza , but nothing was known about its role in rhinovirus infections .
So it was a bit unexpected . "
" Overall these data provide new insights into the host response to HRV infection and identify several novel candidate genes that require further study to clarify their role in disease pathogenesis , " said Dr. Proud .
" This may identify proinflammatory , or host defense pathways that could be targeted for drug development , not only as treatments for colds but also for viral exacerbations of asthma and COPD .
The fact that genes associated with structural ' remodeling ' or the airways were also altered , supports further study of the role of rhinovirus infections in airway remodeling in asthma . "
###
Full text of original article available here :
This is priceless :
Alan Greenspan , the former Federal Reserve chairman , said Thursday that the current financial crisis had uncovered a flaw in how the free market system works that had shocked him .
Mr. Greenspan told the House Oversight Committee on Thursday that his belief that banks would be more prudent in their lending practices because of the need to protect their stockholders had proved to be wrong .
Mr. Greenspan said he had made a “ mistake ” in believing that banks operating in their self - interest would be enough to protect their shareholders and the equity in their institutions .
Mr. Greenspan said that he had found “ a flaw in the model that I perceived is the critical functioning structure that defines how the world works . ”
Mr. Greenspan , who headed the nation ’s central bank for 18.5 years , said that he and others who believed lending institutions would do a good job of protecting their shareholders are in a “ state of shocked disbelief . ”
He said that the current crisis had “ turned out to be much broader than anything that I could have imagined .... ”
Mr. Greenspan did not specifically address the criticism he is receiving now as being partly to blame for the current crisis .
AP
IT IS impossible to forecast how important any presidency will be .
Back in 2000 America stood tall as the undisputed superpower , at peace with a generally admiring world .
The main argument was over what to do with the federal government 's huge budget surplus .
Nobody foresaw the seismic events of the next eight years .
When Americans go to the polls next week the mood will be very different .
The United States is unhappy , divided and foundering both at home and abroad .
Its self - belief and values are under attack .
For all the shortcomings of the campaign , both John McCain and Barack Obama offer hope of national redemption .
Now America has to choose between them .
The Economist does not have a vote , but if it did , it would cast it for Mr Obama .
We do so wholeheartedly : the Democratic candidate has clearly shown that he offers the better chance of restoring America 's self - confidence .
But we acknowledge it is a gamble .
Given Mr Obama 's inexperience , the lack of clarity about some of his beliefs and the prospect of a stridently Democratic Congress , voting for him is a risk .
Yet it is one America should take , given the steep road ahead .
Thinking about 2009 and 2017
The immediate focus , which has dominated the campaign , looks daunting enough : repairing America 's economy and its international reputation .
The financial crisis is far from finished .
The United States is at the start of a painful recession .
Some form of further fiscal stimulus is needed , though estimates of the budget deficit next year already spiral above $ 1 trillion .
Some 50 m Americans have negligible health - care cover .
Abroad , even though troops are dying in two countries , the cack - handed way in which George Bush has prosecuted his war on terror has left America less feared by its enemies and less admired by its friends than it once was .
Yet there are also longer - term challenges , worth stressing if only because they have been so ignored on the campaign .
Jump forward to 2017 , when the next president will hope to relinquish office .
A combination of demography and the rising costs of America 's huge entitlement programmes — Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid — will be starting to bankrupt the country .
Abroad a greater task is already evident : welding the new emerging powers to the West .
That is not just a matter of handling the rise of India and China , drawing them into global efforts , such as curbs on climate change ; it means reselling economic and political freedom to a world that too quickly associates American capitalism with Lehman Brothers and American justice with Guantánamo Bay .
This will take patience , fortitude , salesmanship and strategy .
At the beginning of this election year , there were strong arguments against putting another Republican in the White House .
A spell in opposition seemed apt punishment for the incompetence , cronyism and extremism of the Bush presidency .
Conservative America also needs to recover its vim .
Somehow Ronald Reagan 's party of western individualism and limited government has ended up not just increasing the size of the state but turning it into a tool of southern - fried moralism .
The selection of Mr McCain as the Republicans ' candidate was a powerful reason to reconsider .
Mr McCain has his faults : he is an instinctive politician , quick to judge and with a sharp temper .
And his age has long been a concern ( how many global companies in distress would bring in a new 72 - year - old boss ? ) .
Yet he has bravely taken unpopular positions — for free trade , immigration reform , the surge in Iraq , tackling climate change and campaign - finance reform .
A western Republican in the Reagan mould , he has a long record of working with both Democrats and America 's allies .
If only the real John McCain had been running
That , however , was Senator McCain ; the Candidate McCain of the past six months has too often seemed the victim of political sorcery , his good features magically inverted , his bad ones exaggerated .
The fiscal conservative who once tackled Mr Bush over his unaffordable tax cuts now proposes not just to keep the cuts , but to deepen them .
The man who denounced the religious right as “ agents of intolerance ” now embraces theocratic culture warriors .
The campaigner against ethanol subsidies ( who had a better record on global warming than most Democrats ) came out in favour of a petrol - tax holiday .
It has not all disappeared : his support for free trade has never wavered .
Yet rather than heading towards the centre after he won the nomination , Mr McCain moved to the right .
Meanwhile his temperament , always perhaps his weak spot , has been found wanting .
Sometimes the seat - of - the - pants method still works : his gut reaction over Georgia — to warn Russia off immediately — was the right one .
Yet on the great issue of the campaign , the financial crisis , he has seemed all at sea , emitting panic and indecision .
Mr McCain has never been particularly interested in economics , but , unlike Mr Obama , he has made little effort to catch up or to bring in good advisers ( Doug Holtz - Eakin being the impressive exception ) .
The choice of Sarah Palin epitomised the sloppiness .
It is not just that she is an unconvincing stand - in , nor even that she seems to have been chosen partly for her views on divisive social issues , notably abortion .
Mr McCain made his most important appointment having met her just twice .
Ironically , given that he first won over so many independents by speaking his mind , the case for Mr McCain comes down to a piece of artifice : vote for him on the assumption that he does not believe a word of what he has been saying .
Once he reaches the White House , runs this argument , he will put Mrs Palin back in her box , throw away his unrealistic tax plan and begin negotiations with the Democratic Congress .
That is plausible ; but it is a long way from the convincing case that Mr McCain could have made .
Had he become president in 2000 instead of Mr Bush , the world might have had fewer problems .
But this time it is beset by problems , and Mr McCain has not proved that he knows how to deal with them .
Is Mr Obama any better ?
Most of the hoopla about him has been about what he is , rather than what he would do .
His identity is not as irrelevant as it sounds .
Merely by becoming president , he would dispel many of the myths built up about America : it would be far harder for the spreaders of hate in the Islamic world to denounce the Great Satan if it were led by a black man whose middle name is Hussein ; and far harder for autocrats around the world to claim that American democracy is a sham .
America 's allies would rally to him : the global electoral college on our website shows a landslide in his favour .
At home he would salve , if not close , the ugly racial wound left by America 's history and lessen the tendency of American blacks to blame all their problems on racism .
So Mr Obama 's star quality will be useful to him as president .
But that alone is not enough to earn him the job .
Charisma will not fix Medicare nor deal with Iran .
Can he govern well ?
Two doubts present themselves : his lack of executive experience ; and the suspicion that he is too far to the left .
There is no getting around the fact that Mr Obama 's résumé is thin for the world 's biggest job .
But the exceptionally assured way in which he has run his campaign is a considerable comfort .
It is not just that he has more than held his own against Mr McCain in the debates .
A man who started with no money and few supporters has out - thought , out - organised and outfought the two mightiest machines in American politics — the Clintons and the conservative right .
Political fire , far from rattling Mr Obama , seems to bring out the best in him : the furore about his ( admittedly ghastly ) preacher prompted one of the most thoughtful speeches of the campaign .
On the financial crisis his performance has been as assured as Mr McCain 's has been febrile .
He seems a quick learner and has built up an impressive team of advisers , drawing in seasoned hands like Paul Volcker , Robert Rubin and Larry Summers .
Of course , Mr Obama will make mistakes ; but this is a man who listens , learns and manages well .
It is hard too nowadays to depict him as soft when it comes to dealing with America 's enemies .
Part of Mr Obama 's original appeal to the Democratic left was his keenness to get American troops out of Iraq ; but since the primaries he has moved to the centre , pragmatically saying the troops will leave only when the conditions are right .
His determination to focus American power on Afghanistan , Pakistan and proliferation was prescient .
He is keener to talk to Iran than Mr McCain is — but that makes sense , providing certain conditions are met .
Our main doubts about Mr Obama have to do with the damage a muddle - headed Democratic Congress might try to do to the economy .
Despite the protectionist rhetoric that still sometimes seeps into his speeches , Mr Obama would not sponsor a China - bashing bill .
But what happens if one appears out of Congress ?
Worryingly , he has a poor record of defying his party 's baronies , especially the unions .
His advisers insist that Mr Obama is too clever to usher in a new age of over - regulation , that he will stop such nonsense getting out of Congress , that he is a political chameleon who would move to the centre in Washington .
But the risk remains that on economic matters the centre that Mr Obama moves to would be that of his party , not that of the country as a whole .
He has earned it
So Mr Obama in that respect is a gamble .
But the same goes for Mr McCain on at least as many counts , not least the possibility of President Palin .
And this cannot be another election where the choice is based merely on fear .
In terms of painting a brighter future for America and the world , Mr Obama has produced the more compelling and detailed portrait .
He has campaigned with more style , intelligence and discipline than his opponent .
Whether he can fulfil his immense potential remains to be seen .
But Mr Obama deserves the presidency .
This morning , Sarah Palin admitted voters wanted to hear about issues , but then , she got back to her script continued her non-issues related smear attack on Barack Obama :
An unintentionally ironic moment just now at Palin ’s rally in Clearwater , Florida .
Teeing up her Ayers / patriotism attack on Obama , she went off script and recalled her recent interview with “ mainstream media ” ( also known as Katie Couric ) .
Palin lamented that she had been asked gotcha - style questions instead of about those issues that the voters wanted to hear about , mentioning the war , education and the economy .
Is this Canada , or Gitmo ?
Let 's try this again
The field kit drug tests produce false positives !
The NaturalNews Drug Labs
$ 22,000 in legal bills and growing
Buy Chocolate for Freedom !
Get Ron and Nadine 's story out to the world
Donate money to help Ron and Nadine pay their legal bills
Why the War on Drugs is out of control
Who are the real criminals ?
Resources
( Natural News ) When Ron and Nadine from the Living Libations beauty care and chocolate company ( www.LivingLibations.com ) attempted to fly to the United States in August of this year , they ran into something completely unexpected : Drug - sniffing dogs at the Toronto airport .
When their dogs took a special interest in their raw , unrefined chocolate with hemp seeds and superfood extracts , they were arrested , handcuffed and put through hours of tortuous interrogation .
Such begins the journey of Ron and Nadine , the chocolate freedom fighters from Canada .
Accused of trafficking two and a half pounds of hashish ( which was really just raw , homemade chocolate ) , Ron and Nadine were arrested , physically separated into interrogation rooms and handcuffed to chairs .
Their six - month old baby was forcibly taken from them , and they were immediately subjected to intense interrogation .
Their chocolate looked suspicious , they were told , because it was n't in a commercial wrapper .
If it 's not Hershey 's , it must be drugs !
An on - the - spot drug test from the NIK company ( which makes portable drug testing kits ) returned a positive result , the Canadian police claimed , and that 's all the evidence they need to arrest anyone .
As you 'll learn later , however , it turns out the NIK drug testing kits return false positives nearly 100 % of the time if the results are interpreted incorrectly , as they were in this case ... ( see photos below ) .
Emboldened by the positive drug test on the two pounds of raw chocolate , Canadian drug agents scrambled to action .
They had n't seen a big drug bust in a long time , and excitement was brewing over the possibility of nabbing someone with a whopping two pounds of hashish !
Thus , the tyrants of law enforcement went to work on Ron and Nadine , using Guantanamo Bay tactics to try to force them to admit to being hashish drug traffickers .
Over the next several hours , Ron and Nadine were interrogated by the Canadian equivalent of FBI agents who verbally assaulted them using every lying , deceitful police interrogation tactic in the book .
They screamed at Ron and Nadine , threatened them with years in prison and even told each of them that the other had already confessed to drug trafficking , trying to trick them into admitting to crimes they never committed .
( There is no law that says police have to tell the truth when they are interrogating you , even for false arrest , by the way . )
Through the entire episode , Ron and Nadine resisted the tactics , held their ground and continued to hold positive intentions .
" As I was sitting in the cell , " Ron told NaturalNews , " I kept focused on light and truth .
I felt like no matter what was happening around me , I was opening up a gateway of light and total truth .
" After the interrogation , the threats of " life in jail " and other dishonest tactics used by law enforcement to try to get them to " admit " to drug trafficking , they were finally released on bail .
Their baby son was returned to them , and they went home .
For the next 30 days , they were subjected to surprise visits by Children 's Aid employees ( the Canadian version of Child Protective Services ) , who were told by law enforcement authorities that Ron and Nadine were drug smugglers .
Over this 30 day period , as felony drug trafficking charges were pending against them , Ron and Nadine managed to connect with legal help .
Their lawyer , Marcy Segal , was able to persuade the Crown Attorney to send the chocolate " hashish " sample to a proper lab for testing .
And would n't you know it : , not hashish .
The charges were dropped , but no apology was ever offered to the couple .
Instead , Canadian law enforcement authorities declared , " You must have been smoking something before you came to the airport .
"
( No doubt someone in this story was on crack , but it does n't seem to be Ron and Nadine ... )
NaturalNews has acquired the actual document delivered to law enforcement official in Toronto , declaring there to be absolutely no drugs in Ron and Nadine 's possession .
You can view the PDF of this document here : Following their being cleared by the lab tests , they were determined to return to the United States and attend the Raw Spirit Festival in Sedona Arizona .
Their lawyer had contacted U.S. authorities in advance , advising them that Ron and Nadine were bringingthrough their security checkpoints as they crossed from Canada to the United States .
" Watch out , it 's chocolate !
" They were told everything was understood , and the chocolate would be allowed through .
Imagine their surprise , however , when Ron and Nadine were once against arrested at the airport and accused of -- guess what ?
-- U.S. law enforcement authorities boost their careers when they take part in big drug busts , and 2.5 pounds of hashish was a huge bust by anyone 's accounting .
So they had every incentive to try to make this bust stick .
Desperate to prove themselves right , the American drug enforcement police ripped though Ron and Nadine 's luggage and clothing , opening every vial , asking questions about all the " strange " things they found there .
What kind of strange things ?
Sea salt .
Zeolites .
Tea tree oil .
Essential oils .
Hemp seeds .
Probiotics .
Raw cacao nibs .
You know , dangerous superfoods and supplements .
They were questioned at great length about all these " strange " substances .
Apparently , Subsisting on a diet of processed foods and diet soda , they apparently believe real food is a foreign substance ... a , in fact .
It is a strange world , indeed , when those who claim to uphold the laws of the land have zero familiarity with food harvested from the land ... So why did the NIK drug test reveal a positive result when the cacao was tested ?
To answer that question , NaturalNews purchased a portable narcotics drug test kit from CopQuest.com , an online supply source for law enforcement .
The product we purchased is the , part # 6060 .
It is manufactured by NIK Public Safety , Inc. in Jacksonville , FL .
The test we used is test " E " -- which claims to offer " presumptive identifications of Marijuana , Hashish , Hash Oil and THC .
" According to the instructions , the test reveals a " positive " for Marijuana ( or the other substances listed ) when it turns purple .
As is stated on the NIK Instructions for Use , step 5 : Here at NaturalNews , we decided to put it to our own test .
Here in our NaturalNews labs , we have hundreds of pounds of Hashish just lying around .
Or at least that 's what the NIK drug test says .
Let me explain : To test this NIK marijuana kit , I went to my kitchen and grabbed some Amazing Grass Chocolate Superfood ( AmazingGrass.com ) .
I thought , if we 're testing for grass , why not testgrass ?
Carefully following the NIK instructions , I prepared test E for marijuana : I put a small sample of Amazing Grass superfood into the plastic bag , resealed the test kit , then broke the left ampoule as instructed .
After shaking for 60 seconds ( as instructed ) , here 's what the pouch looked like : Next , I broke the center ampoule and agitated it gently , just as instructed .
To my surprise , Here 's the picture you can see for yourself :
Now , remember that the test kit says , I proceeded with the next step ( breaking the right ampoule ) , and it produced this result ( notice the purple color of the liquid at the bottom ) :
Here 's a close - up of the result against a white background , where you can clearly see a purple hue in the top layer of the liquid at the bottom of the pouch :
According to this test , then , I guess Amazing Grass really is amazing , huh ?
It can morph from chocolate to illegal drugs in an instant !
( My apologies to Amazing Grass for this demo .
Their product contains absolutely no illicit drugs , and in fact , I love their product .
Visit them at www.AmazingGrass.com to enjoy their delicious superfood products . )
That 's all it takes , folks :
Just one person shaking this plastic test kit and believing he sees a " purple " or " bluish " color .
And this is the test the border police are using to arrest raw foodies and charge them with felony crimes !
Anything they do n't recognize gets put to the NIK test , and just about everything I 've found produces a similar result .
Here 's another important point :
One person might say it 's dark blue , another could say it 's brown , and a third could say it 's purple .
All it takes is one crack - smoking idiot with a badge to utter the word , " purple " and suddenly you 're arrested at gunpoint , thrown into a jail cell and interrogated for ten hours .
Welcome to the USA !
It is the belief of NaturalNews that the NIK Narcotics Identification products produceor , at the very least , as positives .
NaturalNews has learned that NIK drug tests showfor all the following natural substances : • Organic tea tree oil• Frankincense oil• CoQ10 • Raw chocolateIt is important to note that NIK tests carry zero weight in a court of law .
But they have the power to arrest , and law enforcement authorities are now openly abusing that power , using these " false positive " to arrest and detain anyone they wish to target ( such as raw foodies ) .
After being charged with felony crimes , accused of trafficking illegal drugs , interrogated , isolated from his family and denied the right to travel as a free citizen , Ron Obadia is now facing
Even after the real drug test conclusively proved there were NO drugs in the raw chocolate , there was no apology from Canadian law enforcement officials .
No offer to reimburse Ron and Nadine for their legal expenses .
They were simply let go and told to go home .
Charges are still pending from the American side ( they were about to board an international flight ) , and it may require another $ 10,000 in legal bills just to clear their names in America .
As a result , Ron and Nadine are virtual prisoners in their own country .
Accused of crimes they did not commit , these raw foodies only committed the " crime " of daring to carry real food that was n't packaged in a brand - name wrapper .
At one point , one of the police officers screamed at Ron , saying , " If you wanted chocolate , why did n't you just buy a Snickers bar ! "
The proper answer to that question , of course , is so far beyond the intellect of typical law enforcement personnel that I wo n't even bother explaining it here .
To these cops , Burger King is fine cuisine , candy bars are superfoods and hashish is anything that looks brown and unusual .
Ran and Nadine were never able to attend the Raw Spirit Festival .
They spent the day being interrogated for crimes they did not commit .
Ron and Nadine desperately need your support to not just pay off their legal bills , but toWe need to raise $ 50,000 in order for this to be pursued .
It 's an important mission , and if successful , it could send a message to border agents everywhere toSunWarrior ( www.SunWarrior.com) has already pledged $ 1,000 in help .
You can help support Ron and Nadine byfrom www.LivingLibations.comIt does n't actually contain hashish , by the way .
It 's made from wholesome superfoods and delicious , raw ingredients !
They also carry some outstanding beauty products made with high - grade essential oils and all - natural ingredients .
Check it out .
Pleaseand help support Ron and Nadine right now : www.LivingLibations.comThe next thing you can do is help get Ron and Nadine 's story out to the world !
If you 're an author , website owner or radio show host , for an interview , and help them get the word out about this tyrannical attack on raw foods by ignorant law enforcement personnel .
You can contact them at:416-920-8471
You also have .
Simply give credit to NaturalNews for this investigative story , and you can openly post it on your website , use it in your book , quote it in a documentary , newspaper or magazine .
The third way you can help is to directly donate money to Ron and Nadine .
To help provide publicity to those individuals or companies willing to support Ron and Nadine , Natural News will publish a follow - up article listing the names , websites and donation amounts of all individuals and companies donating $ 1,000 or more .
I 'm willing to bet Nutiva will likely be on that list , and perhaps even Ruth 's Hemp Foods from Canada .
Get the word out , and ask companies for generous donations .
Here 's how you can donate right now : http://livinglibations.chipin.com/superfood-freedomWhat Ron and Nadine experienced here is just one symptom of a War on Drugs that 's utterly out of control .
While completely ignoring the real drug dealers ( Big Pharma and psychiatrists who put kids on amphetamines ) , tyrannical law enforcement personnel target innocent natural health advocates who refuse to eat Snickers bars and Big Macs .
that can get you thrown in jail and cost you $ 20,000 or more in legal bills .
And that 's when you 're innocent !
The War on Drugs has done virtually nothing to stem the tide of illegal street drugs , but it 's sure given lots of money and power to another group :
The DEA and other drug enforcement tyrants whose careers ( and paychecks ) depend on continuing their politically - motivated crusade against innocents .
Marijuana arrests are out of control , with nearlyhaving been arrested for pot possession over the last decade ( http://www.projectcensored.org/top-stories/articles/20-marijuana-arrests-set-new-record/).
Meanwhile , the U.S. spends between $ 10 and $ 12 billion a year enforcing those laws , and that does n't count the exploding prison population , where now an astonishing 11 percent of all black men between the ages of 30 and 34 are in prison .
( http://www.hrw.org/english/docs/2008/06/06/usdom19035.htm)A startling 2.3 million Americans are sitting in prison cells right now , and many are there for victimless crimes such as smoking marijuana .
And yet , amazingly , powerful institutions in society directly promote highly addictive drugs to virtually everyone : •
Daily caffeine through coffee and energy drinks for teens • " Speed " amphetamines for children diagnosed with ADHD •
Highly addictive painkillers like Oxycotin , which are now openly abused by teens •
Over - the - counter cold medicines , now widely used to manufacture meth ( crank , ice , etc . )
The real point to all of this , of course , is not to stop Americans from using drugs ; it's to force Americans to usethat earn profits for powerful corporations .
The job of the DEA is primarily toby criminalizing non-patented drugs while protecting patented ones .
In order to concentrate power into their own hands , they must create fear and terrorize the population , which is why the DEA keeps raiding California medical marijuana clinics , by the way ... even though they are legal in the State of California !
The real criminals in society today are not the lazy pot heads toking up a joint in the basement .
The real criminals are those who terrorize us , take away our freedoms and steal our money while bailing out the rich .
And guess who does all three ? , of course !
Ron and Nadine are unwittingly playing a Ghandi - like role in this grand governmental comedy .
By perservering their arrest and interrogation and proving their obvious innocence in the face of outrageous stupidity , they bring focus to the idiocy of modern law enforcement and the real threat posed to innocents by our nation 's ill - fated War on Drugs .
Real power comes from health and wisdom , and yet the people running our governments today have neither ; so they must fabricate false power through the use of firearms , fear and intimidation .
These are the weapons of the weak , and they will ultimately fall to the strength and courage of enlightened , health - infused individuals like Ron and Nadine from Living Libations .
Because when this whole grand house of cards comes crashing down , with systemic financial collapse , crop failures , water depletion , and infectious disease , all those parasitic employees of the federal government are going to find themselves utterly incapable of surviving in the real world .
Without their diabetes meds , diet sodas and processed junk foods , they will quickly find themselves irrelevant to life on Earth , swept under the carpet of life like the dust from which they came .
Those who are too stupid to recognize real food are ultimately doomed to become food .
For the worms , that is . " Meth Labs " https://www.naturalnews.com/021943.html " Mental Treatment " https://www.naturalnews.com/021430.html "
The Birth of Big Pharma " https://www.naturalnews.com/020840.htmlwww.StopTheDrugWar.orgwww.MPP.org416-920-8471
As fans continue to anticipate if Fallout 5 is ever going to happen , they equally speculate on the possibilities and expectations for the game .
There may not be any confirmation about its release yet , but that does n’t stop the fans from talking about it .
Now , we focus our attention on the fans ’ expectations or ideas around the video game ’s much - anticipated fifth installment .
This time , fans speculate on who or what they expect of the Fallout 5 radio host or will there ever be one .
Radio Host Talk : What Do Fans Want ?
Fans have a high regard for the importance of having a radio host for the game .
This character plays an integral role in the video game and gives players how the story will possibly play out in the future .
Fallout 3 ’s radio host , 3 Dog , became a fan favorite after Bethesda released the game back in 2008 .
This time , fans find it important to have a radio host for the game .
On the other hand , Fallout 4 had Travis Miles as their radio host .
This Diamond City Radio host did not live up to the fans ’ expectations compared to the others .
What really stood out among the past Fallout radio hosts is the AI host in Fallout : New Vegas .
Known as Mr. New Vegas , this host did a pretty good job in this Fallout edition despite the character ’s lack of a solid backstory .
All things considered , fans have different opinions in mind but it ’s perfectly understandable knowing how every player has its own preferences .
However , a Reddit thread discusses how they want the next Fallout 5 radio host to be like Mr. New Vegas .
Conclusion
No matter how much fans continue to speculate on their expectations , one thing is for sure : they are all waiting for an official statement about the release of the much - anticipated Fallout 5 .
As fans continue to wait for that day , they continue to voice out their opinions on the matter .
When will we all hear from Bethesda , anyway ?
Looks like we all just have to wait and see .
Recently Guillaume Laforge , the Groovy Project Manager , posted about the release of both Groovy 1.5.7 and Groovy 1.6 - beta - 2 on his blog .
The 1.5.x branch is the current stable release of Groovy that is being maintained while the steady development of 1.6 continues .
The primary focus for 1.6 is improving performance during compile - time and runtime .
Back on May 2 , 2008 the first beta for the 1.6 branch was released which announced significant performance improvements ,
... the compiler is 3 to 5 times faster than in previous releases .
This improvement is available both in this development version and in the 1.5.x stable branch .
Thanks to class lookup caches , the bigger the project , the faster the compilation will be .
However , the most noticeable changes will be in the general runtime performance improvements of Groovy .
We used several benchmarks from the Great Language Shootout to measure our progress .
On those we selected , compared to the current Groovy 1.5.6 stable release , the performance improvements range from 150 % to 460 % .
Micro - benchmarks obviously do n't reflect the kind of code you have in your own projects , but the overal performance of your projects should improve significantly .
Andrew Glover interviewed Guillaume Laforge in a podcast in which he asked why the central theme for Groovy 1.6 was focused on improving performance .
Guillaume explains that performance related complaints are typically being found in the blogosphere amongst developers performing their own benchmarks as opposed to coming directly from customers .
Guillaume did go on to say that the focus on improving performance was to help all Groovy users , but was also so that Groovy could " play better to the others " , as in programming languages .
Amidst the activity surrounding Groovy 1.6 , the Groovy Roadmap has plans outlined for versions 1.7 and 2.0 .
Looking at the history of that wiki page you can see that plans for Groovy 1.8 were erased and subsequently moved into 1.7 , as features planned for 1.7 have been implemented in 1.6 such as AST Transformations .
In Andrew Glover 's podcast with Guillaume Laforge , it was mentioned that a final release of Groovy 1.6 could possibly be expected in September 2008 .
Instead 1.6 - beta - 2 was released .
More details can be found on the Groovy mailing list , however , Guillaume made it clear that as long as the integration of Groovy 1.6 and Grails is failing it will not be released .
For more information try following these links :
Scholar : Cheney secrecy laying groundwork for possible ' history heist '
Nick Juliano
Published : Monday September 8 , 2008
Print This Email This
While they might not like to admit it , President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney are , at the end of the day , employees of the American people , and four generations of precedent -- not to mention US law -- require that the people be allowed to audit their performance once they leave office .
Scholars and open government advocates , though , are sounding the alarm that Cheney , perhaps the most secretive and influential vice president ever , who entered government service during Richard Nixon 's administration , could be returning to Tricky Dick 's disdain for open government .
A lawsuit filed Monday would force Cheney to comply with the 1978 Presidential Records Act , one of an array of post - Watergate reforms meant to redress Nixon 's abuse of the office .
The act requires outgoing administrations to hand over executive branch documents to the National Archives , where the records are preserved for future historians .
Problem is , Cheney 's crafty lawyers have argued he is not a member of the executive branch , and President Bush early in his tenure amended what could amount to a giant loophole to the act that would allow Cheney to simply toss his papers into the fireplace on his way out the door .
" I think we 're at a crossroad , " said historian Martin Sherwin , one of the plaintiffs in a lawsuit that would force Cheney to preserve and hand over his records .
" There 's a possibility here for what I call a history heist , or a historical theft from the American people . "
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , an open - government watchdog that filed the lawsuit , hosted a conference call Monday with Sherwin and other experts .
CREW 's top lawyer , Anne Weismann , said concern that Cheney could dodge the requirements of the Presidential Records
Act stems in part from a Bush executive order issued in November 2001 .
The order amended the act to require disclosure of only the " executive records " of the vice president 's office , meaning anything Cheney argued fell under his role as a member of the legislative branch could be kept secret indefinitely .
Weismann noted that phrase does not appear anywhere in the Presidential Records
Act itself nor are " executive records " mentioned anywhere in the legislative history of the law .
Because the vice president also serves as president of the Senate -- a position that amounts to essentially playing official tiebreaker in the event of a 50 - 50 vote -- Cheney 's office has argued he is not a member of the executive branch .
Cheney and his inner circle have sought this distinction to avoid all manner of oversight that would greet normal members of the executive branch ; the potential they 'll use it to deny historians a look at his office 's inner workings is just the latest affront .
Weisman noted that CREW was hardly unfounded in suspecting Cheney might try to avoid handing over his records .
Unfortunately , with a White House as prone to secrecy and as careless about keeping records as this one , even if CREW succeeds in forcing Cheney to hand over his records , no one ever will be able to say for sure what has already been destroyed .
The White House already is under fire for losing up to 10 million internal e-mails , including correspondence from Cheney 's office during key days in the battle over his secret energy task force and in the Valerie Plame case .
" We already know there is at least that much of a gap , " Weissman told RAW STORY on Monday 's call .
" As far as what the vice president has done in his seven - plus years in office , it 's anybody 's guess . "
" I thought I 'd be a little geeky - romantic with my girlfriend and write a sweet note to her , " Jonathan writes , " however , it seems Amazon.com did not really like the idea and suspected ' < 3 ' as being malicious . "
" I 'm not a retail sales expert or anything , " notes Chris , " but I 'm pretty sure you 're not supposed to make a big deal out over price increases . "
" Some developers use the :-( emoticon when bad things happen , " Melissa writes , " the folks behind Yahoo !
Messenger , however , chose the incredibly excited smiley guy when your install is unsuccessful . "
" This is from our school 's Preliminary Physics textbook , " Sarah J. writes , " and there 's actually a few more of these scattered throughout the book where equations should be .
That 's not to mention typos such as ' radioactiv`u4y ' on almost every page .
Maybe they need to think about investing in a proofreader . "
Rich F. discovered HSBC 's clever way of saying 24 - hour service ...
Will DTV Transition Crash and Burn ?
If it goes down anything like the Digital TV Transition Ford during the Virginia NASCAR race this weekend , TV watchers could be in trouble .
The FCC spent $ 350,000 to sponsor NASCAR team No. 38 in three races .
During the team 's first race on Sunday , Tums QuikPak 500 at the Martinsville Speedway , the car slammed into the wall on the 485th lap .
The driver finished 32nd , according to a blog by the Wall Street Journal .
( Earlier in the race , on the 100th lap or so , driver David Gilliland was in third place . )
The car has the date of the DTV transition -- Feb. 17 , 2009 -- and the phrase , " Are you ready for digital ? " on its hood .
An FCC spokesman said the car should be fixed and ready for its second go - round .
The next races will be at the Phoenix International Raceway on Nov. 9 and Homestead - Miami Speedway on Nov. 16 .
With nearly 8 million TV viewers tuning in weekly during the 10 - month NASCAR season , the FCC intends the sponsorship to raise awareness about the transition .
Maybe viewers take more notice of cars that crash .
Let 's just hope it's not symbolic of what lies ahead in February .
By Kim Hart | October 20 , 2008 ; 6:01 PM ET | Category : Kim Hart
Previous : Venture Capital Takes Hit in Third Quarter | Next : Bill Gates Talked White Spaces With FCC Commissioners
Add Post I.T. to Your Site
Get This Widget >>
Stay on top of the latest Post I.T. news !
This easy - to - use widget is simple to add to your own Web site and will update every time there 's a new installment of Post I.T .
Blogs That Reference This Entry
TrackBack URL for this entry :
http://voices.washingtonpost.com/cgi-bin/mt/mt-tb.cgi/27601
Posted by : Bruce L | October 20 , 2008 7:41 PM
Posted by : Eric | October 20 , 2008 10:15 PM
Posted by : Anonymous | October 20 , 2008 10:53 PM
Posted by : AC | October 21 , 2008 1:07 AM
Posted by : CitzenJane | October 21 , 2008 1:34 AM
Posted by : Anonymous | October 21 , 2008 5:40 AM
Posted by : Anonymous | October 21 , 2008 5:40 AM
Posted by : Anonymous | October 21 , 2008 9:04 AM
Posted by : ancientTechie | October 21 , 2008 10:08 AM
Posted by : Ziggy | October 21 , 2008 10:23 AM
Posted by : Bill | October 21 , 2008 10:44 AM
Posted by : M in CT | October 21 , 2008 12:11 PM
Posted by : Barbagris | October 21 , 2008 3:58 PM
Posted by : Not Crazy | October 21 , 2008 5:03 PM
Posted by : tech guy | October 21 , 2008 5:06 PM
Posted by : Anonymous | October 22 , 2008 10:27 AM
Posted by : PBS guy | October 22 , 2008 2:15 PM
Posted by : Mike | October 22 , 2008 2:49 PM
Posted by : John | October 22 , 2008 3:12 PM
Posted by : George | October 22 , 2008 5:47 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Nick Wingfield ( Wall Street Journal , October 27 ) asks if for many of us now is the Time to Leave the Laptop Behind thanks to the smaller , better , lighter Blackberries , I Phones and more recently the G1 .
Since I switched from my very old Nokia to a Blackberry Curve earlier this year , I get my e-mail on the go of course .
I would not say that I read many news websites on it due to its lack of real estate ( small screen ) .
I can write short stories as they happen and post it to this blog .
I can take pictures without carrying a digital camera .
I can Twitter .
It might not give me the same flexibility that a laptop or a desktop offers .
It does fit in my pocket and will not strain my back though .
Using a tool like a smart phone with some limitations might me a blessing in disguise .
It might even teach us one virtue : how to be concise ?
Take Two , A Day with 2 Monday Work Etiquette , this one # 61
Earlier , Take One : Furious Networking ... Me and My 10.000 Friends
When Yahoo Buzz launched back in February of 2008 , it was thought by many to be the next big player in the social news community space .
This was largely due to the fact that if your content got the most “ buzz ” it had a chance to be featured on Yahoo.com , which can send millions of visitors to your site over a short period of time .
Of course it did n’t take long for people to find themselves at Yahoo ’s first major Buzz - kill .
The program allowed only a small handful of around 300 sites into the program , so the motivation was not there for most users to participate in the site when they could not even submit their own content .
Users that were in the beta program quickly found that getting votes and making it to the Buzz popular page had nothing to do with being featured on Yahoo.com , and they probably had a better chance at winning the lottery than getting featured .
That ’s because “ Human editors pick the best of the stories with the most buzz and can place them on the “ Top Buzz ” page or , more importantly , the Yahoo homepage . ”
However , this meant that it was their decision , and not the buzz users voting , that determined what buzz was and what deserved to be on the Yahoo.com front page .
When Buzz finally opened the site up to all users on August 18 , 2008 , there was a lot of excitement for users to install the new buttons and start try to get their own content popular in Buzz — with the hopes of being featured on Yahoo.com .
Again , it did not take users long to realize that they had an even smaller chance of having their content featured on Yahoo.com than before the program opened its doors to all users and sites .
Not only was it hard to find a single example of a non -Yahoo property being featured on the front page , there was no clarity to the algorithm and system within Buzz .
Some stories would receive hundreds of votes in upcoming and never show on the popular section of Buzz , while other stories were prominent on the popular page with no votes at all .
This only added to users confusion and resulted in many people losing interest with the site .
As of October 28th , 2008 , if you visit the front page of Yahoo.com you will notice that the bottom right content in the “ Featured ” box contains a story from a non -Yahoo property .
So , finally , Yahoo Buzz has lived up to their promotional pitches to feature any content that gets enough “ buzz ” on the front page of Yahoo.com .
Or at least that ’s what it seemed .
Typically when you visit the “ Seen on Yahoo.com ” link from the Buzz site , you are shown the recent stories that were featured on Yahoo.com , thus the title “ Seen on Yahoo.com . ”
However , when you visit the “ Seen on Yahoo.com ” page now , you are shown a list of sites that are indeed popular , but not necessarily featured on the Yahoo.com home page .
Of the hundreds of non-Yahoo stories listed in the “ Seen on Yahoo.com ” section on the 28th alone , only 4 or 5 were actually featured on the front page .
Additionally , the only sites that have been actually featured on the Yahoo.com front page are high level authority domains such as Consumerist , SFGate , and Wall Street Journal .
So the question still remains …
Is Yahoo ’s Buzz really just a Buzz - kill ?
Brent Csutoras is an internet marketing consultant , who specializes in social media , viral and search engine marketing .
Opinions expressed in this article are those of the guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land .
Staff authors are listed here .
About The Author Brent Csutoras Brent Csutoras is a social media strategist and entrepreneur , who specializes in social media marketing , content marketing , and viral content creation - http://www.kairaymedia.com
Brent Csutoras is a social media strategist and entrepreneur , who specializes in social media marketing , content marketing , and viral content creation - http://www.kairaymedia.com
Bloomberg is reporting Fed Boosts Cash Auctions to $ 900 Billion , May Do More .
The Federal Reserve will double its auctions of cash to banks to as much as $ 900 billion and is considering further steps to unfreeze short - term lending markets as the credit crunch deepens .
`` The Federal Reserve stands ready to take additional measures as necessary to foster liquid money - market conditions , '' the central bank said in a statement released in Washington today .
Fed and Treasury officials are ``consulting with market participants on ways to provide additional support for term unsecured funding markets , '' the statement said .
As part of today 's steps , the Fed will increase its auctions under the 28 - day and 84 - day Term Auction Facility operations to $ 150 billion each .
The two forward TAF auctions in November will be increased to $ 150 billion each , the Fed said .
Assets on the Fed 's balance sheet expanded $ 285 billion last week to $ 1.498 trillion , the biggest one - week increase ever , according to JPMorgan Chase & Co .
In addition to the cash banks must hold at the Fed , lenders also sometimes place excess reserves .
The central bank said today it will pay interest on those funds at the lowest targeted federal funds rate for each period less 75 basis points .
That will put a floor under the actual fed funds rate each day and let the Fed `expand its balance sheet as necessary to provide the liquidity necessary to support financial stability . ''
Banks Hoard Cash
The London interbank offered rate , or Libor , that banks charge each other for overnight dollar loans rose 37 basis points to 2.37 percent today , the British Bankers ' Association said .
The three - month rate stayed near the highest level since January .
Asian rates increased and the Libor - OIS spread , a gauge of cash scarcity among banks , held near a record .
Interbank rates have jumped as banks store cash to meet anticipated funding needs after governments in Europe and the U.S. acted to prevent the collapse of six financial institutions in the past two weeks .
The Libor - OIS spread , the difference between the three - month dollar rate and the overnight indexed swap rate , rose to 298 basis points today , before retreating to 291 basis points .
It was at 129 basis points two weeks ago and 81 basis points a month ago .
The difference between what banks and the Treasury pay to borrow money for three months , the so - called TED spread , widened today to 393 basis points , the most since Bloomberg began compiling the data in 1984 .
Failures of the TAF
There is " no empirical evidence " the Term Auction Facility has reduced the premium that banks charge each other to lend cash for three months , Taylor , author of a monetary - policy formula cited as a benchmark by analysts , wrote in a research paper .
San Francisco
Fed economist John Williams co-wrote the study , which was posted on the San Francisco Fed 's Web site yesterday .
In this paper we documented the unusually large spread between term Libor and overnight interest rates in the United States and other money markets beginning on August 9 , 2007 .
We also introduced a financial model to adjust for expectations effects and to test for various explanations that have been offered to explain this unusual development .
The model has two implications .
Fist is that counterparty risk is a key factor in explaining the spread between the Libor rate and the OIS rate , and second is that the TAF should not have an effect on the spread .
Since the TAF does not affect total liquidity , expectations of future overnight rates , or counterparty risk , the model implies that it will not affect the spread .
Our simple econometric tests support both of those implications of our model .
So What Does Bernanke Do ?
Gross Says Fed Should Buy Commercial Paper
Bill Gross , who manages the world 's biggest bond fund , said the Federal Reserve should act as a clearinghouse to guarantee that transactions are completed and buy commercial paper to renew confidence in financial markets .
Credit markets are currently " frozen , " Gross wrote in a note to clients published today on Newport Beach , California - based Pacific Investment Management Co.'s
Web site .
Without confidence in the markets , ``our economic center cannot hold . ''
Rates on commercial paper , or short - term IOUs sold by companies , soared today and the interest banks charge each other for overnight dollar - denominated loans in London increased as banks remained reluctant to lend .
Buying commercial paper would allow the Fed to make unsecured loans and encourage borrowing at rates beyond overnight levels .
Yields on overnight U.S. commercial paper jumped 94 basis points to 3.68 percent , according to data compiled by Bloomberg .
Companies sell debt maturing in nine months or less to help pay for day - to - day expenses such as payroll and rent .
Fed To Pay Interest On Deposits ; Considers Unsecured Funding
The Federal Reserve Board on Monday announced that it will begin to pay interest on depository institutions ' required and excess reserve balances .
The payment of interest on excess reserve balances will give the Federal Reserve greater scope to use its lending programs to address conditions in credit markets while also maintaining the federal funds rate close to the target established by the Federal Open Market Committee .
Consistent with this increased scope , the Federal Reserve also announced today additional actions to strengthen its support of term lending markets .
Specifically , the Federal Reserve is substantially increasing the size of the Term Auction Facility ( TAF ) auctions , beginning with today ’s auction of 84 - day funds .
These auctions allow depository institutions to borrow from the Federal Reserve for a fixed term against the same collateral that is accepted at the discount window ; the rate is established in the auction , subject to a minimum set by the Federal Reserve .
In addition , the Federal Reserve and the Treasury Department are consulting with market participants on ways to provide additional support for term unsecured funding markets .
The interest rate paid on required reserve balances will be the average targeted federal funds rate established by the Federal Open Market Committee over each reserve maintenance period less 10 basis points .
Paying interest on required reserve balances should essentially eliminate the opportunity cost of holding required reserves , promoting efficiency in the banking sector .
The rate paid on excess balances will be set initially as the lowest targeted federal funds rate for each reserve maintenance period less 75 basis points .
Paying interest on excess balances should help to establish a lower bound on the federal funds rate .
The formula for the interest rate on excess balances may be adjusted subsequently in light of experience and evolving market conditions .
The payment of interest on excess reserves will permit the Federal Reserve to expand its balance sheet as necessary to provide the liquidity necessary to support financial stability while implementing the monetary policy that is appropriate in light of the System ’s macroeconomic objectives of maximum employment and price stability .
Fed , Treasury mulling commercial paper support
The U.S. Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve are considering additional steps to support strained commercial paper markets , a source familiar with the discussions said on Monday .
Among steps under consideration would be funding a special purpose vehicle as opposed to outright purchase of commercial paper , the source said .
Strained commercial paper markets are seen as a major destabilizing force in financial markets .
" The Federal Reserve and the Treasury Department are consulting with market participants on ways to provide additional support for term unsecured funding markets , " the statements said .
Aiding the commercial paper market may test the limits of the Fed 's authority because of the possibility of losses .
One way the government could get around that constraint would be for the Treasury to provide some buffer against losses , the source said .
Fed Wants To Sponsor Its Own SIV
Bernanke Theories All Failing
The Term Auction Facility ( TAF ) is not working to increase bank to bank lending .
The Primary Dealer Credit Facility ( PDCF ) was supposed to prevent more dealers from blowing up .
Yet , Lehman went bankrupt anyway and Merrill Lynch had to merge with Bank of America to avoid collapse .
Slashing interest rates to 2 % did not prevent a recession .
The ABCP MMMF Liquidity Facility may have stopped a run on money markets but it has not done anything to restore confidence in in the ABCP market itself .
Why Are n't Banks Lending ?
Banks do not have money to lend
Consumers who want to borrow are not credit worthy
Consumer spending is 75 % of the economy and consumers are tapped out .
Unemployment is rising
There is rampant over capacity in every sector but energy
Banks do not trust each other
Cancellation of mark to market accounting heightens that sense of mistrust
Academic Wonderland
A Special Autumn Hug !
Wish a special Autumn with a warm bear hug .
A Cute Thank You Wish On Autumn .
Say ' thank you ' in a cute way and wish a happy Autumn .
A Cute Thank You Card !
Send a cute thank you card to someone who made your autumn days more colorful .
A Sweet Kiss And A Special Coupon !
Send your beloved / sweetheart lots of love and seal it with a kiss .
Our Love ... Always Beautiful !
Make this autumn a memorable one for your beloved with this touching ecard .
Thank You For All Your Wishes !
Send this cute ecard to thank someone for his / her autumnal wishes .
Catch The Flying Leaf !
Pull a prank on your friends / family / loved ones with this fun - filled ecard .
Have A Happy Autumn !
Add on to the autumn colors of your friends / family / dear ones with this bright and ...
Thank You For Being Part Of My Life ...
Say how much you cherish the presence of a dear one in your life with this beautiful ...
Wishing You A Wonderful Season !
Send this autumn poem card to wish your near and dear ones a magical Fall .
Autumn Is Here !
Say that the recipient of this ecard is the first one you wanted to wish a happy Autumn !
What 's In The Bag For You ?
Begin the school year of all the kids you know with this fun -packed ecard .
The WebKit team has been busy .
Publicly announcing a brand new JavaScript engine release , amusingly named SquirrelFish Extreme ( nicknamed SFX ) , they 're already boasting performance gains twice as fast as their prior release : Squirrel Fish .
SquirrelFish Extreme is an amalgam of improvements to the JavaScript engine that powers WebKit , made over the course of the last couple months , combined with a brand new form of property caching and a just - in - time compilation .
What 's interesting about this milestone is that most of the hard foundation - laying work was done back in the original release of Squirrel Fish with the addition of a virtual machine to the existing JavaScriptCore engine .
The WebKit team alluded to the potential that this held in their original blog post but we can now see that come to fruition .
A large part of the raw performance gains included in this release relate to optimizations of the existing virtual machine bytecode — especially in the realm of JavaScript function calls .
With this SquirrelFish virtual machine in place , the development team began to explore all that was possible with it , focusing heavily on the areas that could see the most improvement .
Many of the bytecodes are now being dynamically translated into native machine code — currently only on x86 32 - bit architectures — which is providing the rest of the performance - related improvements .
With the compilation changes in place , the WebKit team then re-wrote much of their Regular Expression engine to take advantage of these new idioms .
The result is a significant leap with expression matching becoming 5 times faster .
Typically regular expression use is a relatively small part of most web pages ( used for occassional matches and checks ) but there has been a surge of new applications that rely upon their performance .
Projects like Processing.js and Objective - J which translate entire programs , written in other languages , into JavaScript code will see a marked improvement .
These changes , alone , were enough to make Squirrel Fish competitive with the current V8 engine from Google and the TraceMonkey engine from Mozilla , however the WebKit team did n't stop there .
A popular technique that is gaining traction amongst JavaScript engine implementers is that of optimizing the engine , while it 's still processing the JavaScript code , to determine the " type " of the object that is being used .
Since JavaScript does n't include any sort of explicit type system JavaScript engines are frequently forced to check and re-check the values that they are handling , to insure their integrity .
SFX rounds out the collection of other modern JavaScript engines , namely V8 and TraceMonkey , to provide this form of polymorphic inline caching .
Interestingly , the idea for this form of caching comes from the Self programming language , the origin of many of the ideas in JavaScript ( such as using prototypal inheritance instead of the more - common classical form of object inheritance seen in languages like Java ) .
JavaScript engines are serving as the test bed for new forms of dynamic language optimization .
No other language is seeing this level of competition and rapid improvement that JavaScript is .
This is optimal considering that JavaScript is one of the most widely - deployed programming languages available .
The SquirrelFish Extreme release currently stands as the fastest JavaScript engine ( although that 's certain to change as healthy competition continues ) .
Running the respective V8 , TraceMonkey , and SquirrelFish Extreme engines from the command - line ( no browser involved ) against the SunSpider test suite produced by the WebKit team generated these results ( where larger numbers are better ) :
The amusing thing about these numbers is that , while they look markedly different in scale , they 're all many - times faster than the JavaScript engines provided in the the current generation of publicly - usable browsers .
Users can only look forward to faster speeds to come , as well .
It 's interesting to note that this collection of JavaScript engine improvements , made by the WebKit team , have arrived even before their prior engine release ( Squirrel Fish ) was placed in a shipping web browser .
The performance competition and release rate of JavaScript engines is moving so quickly that it 's starting to lap the production cycle of the browsers themselves .
The competition is fierce , but friendly , in this space and everyone stands to benefit — especially since all of these actively - developed engines are completely open source ( allowing them to build off of each other 's successes ) .
However , one area that is decidedly unscathed at this point is the holistic look at browser performance .
JavaScript engines have seen a considerable amount of attention as a target for performance improvements but that 's more due to their explicit and unmuddled nature .
The reality of web development is much messier ( and much harder to measure as well ) .
The next area of tangible browser improvement will likely lie in a mixture of JavaScript , DOM , CSS , and rendering performance .
Another performance test suite , Dromaeo , currently measures JavaScript and DOM performance — providing a decidedly different picture of where browsers currently stand :
If nothing else there are a couple things to learn :
The majority of most processing time in the most common of web pages is consumed by issues unrelated ( but not disconnected ) to JavaScript performance .
A browser 's slow DOM performance still overshadows many JavaScript improvements which are made .
Improving JavaScript engine performance is n't a myopic goal , though .
Web applications continue to be bound and confined on many fronts — one of which is the performance of the JavaScript language in which they are written .
Maintaining large data structures , searching across them , transforming them into output for the user — all of these are bound by the speed of the underlying JavaScript engine .
Although the majority of web pages do n't require the degree of brute effort that an application like Gmail would , the fact that these improvements are being made makes it possible for these applications to exist — and for the next generation of hyper - powerful web applications to be created .
Get your politically incorrect parenting tips RIGHT HERE !
( This one was forwarded on to me by a friend .
Do n't know the origin . )
UPDATE : I think that this may be the original source of the ad .
( Great site , by the way , with some awesome links . )
Do you want to subscribe to my blog by email ?
Click here !.
Would you like to be a Contrariwise follower ?
Then please click on the link in the upper right on my side bar .
Contrariwise Jewelry is now a proud member of Metalsmiths in Action : http://metalsmithsinaction.webs.com/index.htm
A Polish driver who was too sure of his GPS road navigation device ended up neck - deep in a lake after ignoring road signs warning of a dead - end ahead , Polish police said overnight .
" The man took a road that was closed a year ago when the area was flooded to make an artificial lake serving as a water reservoir - he ignored three road signs warning of a dead - end , " police spokesman in Glubczyce , Piotr Smolen , said .
" It was still night time and he did n't notice the road led into the lake .
His GPS told him to drive straight ahead and he did , " Mr Smolen said , adding the driver had not been under the influence of alcohol .
The road ran straight downhill into the lake .
The Mercedes mini-van was nearly entirely submerged and was unable to back out on its own after being inundated with water .
The driver and two passengers escaped unharmed from the submerged vehicle and waited on its roof for police and fire rescue crews .
The driver placed the first call to emergency services while still inside the sinking van .
- AFP
You have already voted for this video .
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
These giant hailstones fell from a massive storm ( supercell ) that produced hailstones that may have broken ...
These giant hailstones fell from a massive storm ( supercell ) that produced hailstones that may have broken the Australian record for hailstone diameter .
The hailstones produced holes in the roof of this house .
Helix Wind Releases Nifty Performance Testing Video
October 15th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
We ’ve written about vertical axis wind turbine company Helix Wind before at Green Options .
In addition to being quiet , solid , and easy to place in urban areas , the company ’s turbine is also aesthetically attractive .
And if pictures do n’t convince you , maybe a video of the turbine in action will .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/zkJiNNLOuow&hl=en&fs=1]
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
So Stupid It Hurts
Glenn Greenwald writes here about an appearance by Sarah Palin this morning on WMAL in Maryland .
Apparently Palin believes the First Amendment protects her from ever being criticized .
As Greenwald says , it 's so stupid it hurts .
I 've grabbed the actual audio , which you can listen to via the mp3 link :
mp3 HOST : Is the news media doing a good job — are you getting a fair shake , are the Republicans getting a fair shake this year ?
PALIN : I do n't think they 're doing their job when they suggest that calling a candidate out on their record , their plans for this country , and their associations is mean - spirited or negative campaigning .
If they convince enough voters that that is negative campaigning , for me to call Barack Obama out on his associations , then I do n't know what the future of our country would be in terms of First Amendment rights and our ability to ask questions without fear of attacks by the mainstream media .
The entire 12 - minute segment is available here .
— Jonathan Schwarz
Posted at October 31 , 2008 04:17 PM
( Fortune Magazine ) -- Before the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission starts scrutinizing the role that speculators may have played in driving up fuel and food prices , investigators may want to take a look at price swings in a commodity not in today 's news : onions .
The bulbous root is the only commodity for which futures trading is banned .
Back in 1958 , onion growers convinced themselves that futures traders ( and not the new farms sprouting up in Wisconsin ) were responsible for falling onion prices , so they lobbied an up - and - coming Michigan Congressman named Gerald Ford to push through a law banning all futures trading in onions .
The law still stands .
And yet even with no traders to blame , the volatility in onion prices makes the swings in oil and corn look tame , reinforcing academics ' belief that futures trading diminishes extreme price swings .
Since 2006 , oil prices have risen 100 % , and corn is up 300 % .
But onion prices soared 400 % between October 2006 and April 2007 , when weather reduced crops , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture , only to crash 96 % by March 2008 on overproduction and then rebound 300 % by this past April .
The volatility has been so extreme that the son of one of the original onion growers who lobbied Congress for the trading ban now thinks the onion market would operate more smoothly if a futures contract were in place .
" There probably has been more volatility since the ban , " says Bob Debruyn of Debruyn Produce , a Michigan - based grower and wholesaler .
" I would think that a futures market for onions would make some sense today , even though my father was very much involved in getting rid of it . "
Commander Mike Fincke ( right ) and Flight Engineer Greg Chamitoff send a special message from the International Space Station urging all Americans to vote .
Credit : NASA TV
( PhysOrg.com ) --
In this day and age , people engage in their right to vote from all over the world .
But this Nov. 4 , few ballots will have traveled as far as those cast by two NASA astronauts .
Commander Edward Michael Fincke and Flight Engineer and Science Officer Greg Chamitoff are living and working onboard the International Space Station .
Though they are 220 miles above Earth and orbiting at 17,500 miles per hour , they will still be able to participate in the upcoming election .
A 1997 bill passed by Texas legislators sets up a technical procedure for astronauts -- nearly all of whom live in Houston -- to vote from space .
A secure electronic ballot , generated by the Harris and Brazoria County Clerk 's office , is uplinked by NASA 's Johnson Space Center Mission Control Center .
An e-mail with crew member - specific credentials is sent from the County Clerk to the crew member .
These credentials allow the crew member to access the secure ballot .
The astronauts will cast their votes and a secure completed ballot is downlinked and delivered back to the County Clerk ’s Office by e-mail to be officially recorded .
Provided by NASA
Explore further Threat to Florida eases as Isaias is slated to remain tropical storm
Near - infrared images from the Keck II telescope show the planet Uranus in 2005 ( left ) , with the rings at an angle of 8 degrees , and at equinox in 2007 ( right pair ) , with the planet ’s ring system edge - on .
In all images , the south pole is at the left and the equator is directly below the rings .
Uranus , which has an 84 - year orbit around the sun , has seasons that last twenty - one years .
With the aid of new imaging technologies and telescopes , scientists had their best chance to observe the change of seasons on the distant planet and to look for seasonal effects on some of the solar system ’s most mysterious weather features .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
With an 84 - year orbit around the sun , it is n't often that planetary scientists have an opportunity to observe the change of seasons on Uranus , a planet some 19 times farther from the sun than the Earth .
But in 2007 , the planet reached equinox , the point in time where the sun is directly over the planet 's equator and what little sunlight the planet gets is distributed evenly over its northern and southern hemispheres , giving scientists their best opportunity to probe the seasonal dynamics of the ringed planet .
Speaking in Ithaca , N.Y. , today ( Oct. 13 ) at a meeting of the American Astronomical Society 's Division for Planetary Sciences , a team led by University of Wisconsin - Madison researcher Lawrence Sromovsky shared crisp new Keck II telescope images of the planet as it changed seasons .
" The last time this happened , there were no instruments that could resolve any features on the planet , " says Sromovsky , who led the study in collaboration with scientists from the Space Science Institute , the University of California at Berkeley , the SETI Institute and the Keck Observatory on the summit of Hawaii 's 14,000 - foot Mauna Kea .
" Now we can see what 's going on . "
Improvements in imaging technology , optics and a new generation of large ground - based telescopes like Keck II , Sromovsky explains , are giving researchers a chance to probe in detail the atmospheres of distant planets like Uranus , and they 're gaining intriguing insight into the seasonal changes that drive astonishing and mysterious weather features .
The seventh planet from the sun and the first planet to be discovered with the aid of a telescope , Uranus is characterized by a ring system and a blue - green atmosphere composed of hydrogen , helium and methane .
It has neatly zoned bands of clouds and some of the strangest discrete cloud features in the outer solar system .
The new study , based on a set of Keck II observations , was intended to take advantage of the change of seasons on Uranus to better understand how the sun influences the planet 's weather .
In addition to Sromovsky and Pat Fry and William Ahue of UW - Madison , the study was conducted by Heidi B. Hammel of the Space Science Institute , Imke de Pater of UC - Berkeley , Kathy Rages and Mark Showalter of the SETI Institute , and Marcos van Dam of the Keck Observatory .
Sromovsky and his colleagues were especially interested in seeing how the change of seasons influenced the weather on Uranus .
The study is challenging , says Sromovsky , because the progress of the seasons is so slow on Uranus and the planet is so far away , but it is intriguing because the planet 's equator is tilted at an unusually large 98 degrees from its orbit plane , as if it had been tipped on its side .
" This tilt gives it the largest seasonal forcing of any planet in the solar system , " Sromovsky notes .
" On an annual average basis , the poles get more sunlight than the equator . "
Seasonal forcing is the change in the distribution of solar heating caused by the tilt of a planet on its axis .
On Earth , the seasons change in relation to a hemisphere 's orientation to the sun as determined by the 23.5 - degree tilt of the planet 's axis of rotation .
" If the latitudinal distribution of solar energy input varies over the planet 's orbit , that forces changes in the weather , " according to Sromovsky .
But for Uranus , changes in weather due to seasonal forcing seem to lag behind the forcing : " Although both hemispheres were symmetrically heated by sunlight at equinox , the atmosphere itself was not symmetric , implying that it was responding to past sunlight instead if current sunlight , a result of Uranus 's cold atmosphere and long response time , " Sromovsky explains .
Uranus is cold because it receives very little energy , Sromovsky notes of a planet whose atmospheric temperatures at cloud tops can reach a frosty minus 360 degrees Fahrenheit .
The planet lacks a measureable internal heat source , and at its great distance , the sun 's warmth is 400 times less than it is at the Earth .
The most recent Keck II images show changes in the brightness of cloud bands in the planet 's northern and southern hemispheres as well as changes in two previously observed and apparently long - lived discrete cloud features .
One is a massive vortex that had been oscillating in Uranus 's southern hemisphere , perhaps for decades , between 32 degrees and 36 degrees south latitude .
In 2004 , the feature began drifting north and may soon dissipate , according to the new report .
" For two decades , it seemed like it was behaving in a very reliable way , " Sromovsky says .
" It may be that a change in the seasons has triggered it into a new dynamical state . "
The new images also gave Sromovsky 's group the opportunity to measure Uranus ' monster winds over a wide range of latitudes than was previously possible .
Winds on the planet can achieve speeds of up to 560 miles per hour .
Provided by University of Wisconsin
Explore further Keck observations bring weather of Uranus into sharp focus
ALBUQUERQUE , New Mexico ( CNN ) --
With 10 days until Election Day , long - brewing tensions between GOP vice presidential candidate Gov. Sarah Palin and key aides to Sen .
John McCain have become so intense , they are spilling out in public , sources say .
Several McCain advisers have suggested to CNN that they have become increasingly frustrated with what one aide described as Palin " going rogue . "
A Palin associate , however , said the candidate is simply trying to " bust free " of what she believes was a damaging and mismanaged roll - out .
McCain sources say Palin has gone off - message several times , and they privately wonder whether the incidents were deliberate .
They cited an instance in which she labeled robocalls -- recorded messages often used to attack a candidate 's opponent -- " irritating " even as the campaign defended their use .
Also , they pointed to her telling reporters she disagreed with the campaign 's decision to pull out of Michigan .
Watch why the campaign is fighting »
A second McCain source says she appears to be looking out for herself more than the McCain campaign .
" She is a diva .
She takes no advice from anyone , " said this McCain adviser .
" She does not have any relationships of trust with any of us , her family or anyone else .
" Also , she is playing for her own future and sees herself as the next leader of the party .
Remember : Divas trust only unto themselves , as they see themselves as the beginning and end of all wisdom . "
A Palin associate defended her , saying that she is " not good at process questions " and that her comments on Michigan and the robocalls were answers to process questions .
But this Palin source acknowledged that Palin is trying to take more control of her message , pointing to last week 's impromptu news conference on a Colorado tarmac .
Tracey Schmitt , Palin 's press secretary , was urgently called over after Palin wandered over to the press and started talking .
Schmitt tried several times to end the unscheduled session .
" We acknowledge that perhaps she should have been out there doing more , " a different Palin adviser recently said , arguing that " it 's not fair to judge her off one or two sound bites " from the network interviews .
The Politico reported Saturday on Palin 's frustration , specifically with McCain advisers Nicolle Wallace and Steve Schmidt .
They helped decide to limit Palin 's initial press contact to high - profile interviews with Charlie Gibson of ABC and Katie Couric of CBS , which all McCain sources admit were highly damaging .
In response , Wallace e-mailed CNN the same quote she gave the Politico : " If people want to throw me under the bus , my personal belief is that the most honorable thing to do is to lie there . "
But two sources , one Palin associate and one McCain adviser , defended the decision to keep her press interaction limited after she was picked , both saying flatly that she was not ready and that the missteps could have been a lot worse .
They insisted that she needed time to be briefed on national and international issues and on McCain 's record .
" Her lack of fundamental understanding of some key issues was dramatic , " said another McCain source with direct knowledge of the process to prepare Palin after she was picked .
The source said it was probably the " hardest " to get her " up to speed than any candidate in history . "
Schmitt came to the back of the plane Saturday to deliver a statement to traveling reporters : " Unnamed sources with their own agenda will say what they want , but from Gov. Palin down , we have one agenda , and that 's to win on Election Day . "
Yet another senior McCain adviser lamented the public recriminations .
" This is what happens with a campaign that 's behind ; it brings out the worst in people , finger - pointing and scapegoating , " this senior adviser said .
This adviser also decried the double standard , noting that Democratic nominee Sen. Barack Obama 's running mate , Sen .
Joe Biden , has gone off the reservation as well , most recently by telling donors at a fundraiser that America 's enemies will try to " test " Obama .
Tensions like those within the McCain - Palin campaign are not unusual ; vice presidential candidates also have a history of butting heads with the top of the ticket .
John Edwards and his inner circle repeatedly questioned Sen .
John Kerry 's strategy in 2004 , and Kerry loyalists repeatedly aired in public their view that Edwards would not play the traditional attack dog role with relish because he wanted to protect his future political interests .
Even in a winning campaign like Bill Clinton 's , some of Al Gore 's aides in 1992 and again in 1996 questioned how Gore was being scheduled for campaign events .
Jack Kemp 's aides distrusted the Bob Dole camp and vice versa , and Dan Quayle loyalists had a list of gripes remarkably similar to those now being aired by Gov. Palin 's aides .
With the presidential race in its final days and polls suggesting that McCain 's chances of pulling out a win are growing slim , Palin may be looking after her own future .
" She 's no longer playing for 2008 ; she 's playing 2012 , " Democratic pollster Peter Hart said .
" And the difficulty is , when she went on ' Saturday Night Live , ' she became a reinforcement of her caricature .
She never allowed herself to be vetted , and at the end of the day , voters turned against her both in terms of qualifications and personally . "
CNN 's Ed Hornick contributed to this report .
All About John McCain • Sarah Palin
" City Burial then puts you in a cardboard coffin and buries you in a city grave , next to thousands and thousands of other graves with tiny headstones that just have a number and no name .
The city contracts a clergy to perform a short graveside service and that 's it .
I was hired to perform one of those services , " he said .
" The deceased was a homeless man who could not be identified .
The paperwork listed his name as ' John Doe ' .
As I stood beside the hilltop grave overlooking the city , reading from a book of prayers , there were two representatives from the city sent as witnesses who stood about 50 feet away , impatiently shifting their weight from one leg to the other .
I was the only one who was really there for the funeral , and it was so sad I began to cry .
I kept reading as best I could so the witnesses would n't notice .
Then to wrap things up I bowed my head and began The Lord 's Prayer . "
" I was so distracted by the sadness of the scene that I actually forgot the words to The Lord 's Prayer .
I glimpsed over my shoulder and saw the two witnesses staring at me as if to say , ' Are n't you done yet ? '
They were far enough away that I do n't think they heard me flubbing the words .
After a moment I regained my composure and finished the prayer .
We all signed the proper city paperwork and went home . "
The recent $ 70 billion financial bailout was forced onto a skeptical , unwilling American public who dialed in to Congressional offices protesting the plan .
The inital NO vote by Congress echoed the feeling by enraged citizens that Wall Street should twist in the wind , choked by it's own greed and irresponsible , unsustainable practices .
The White House got the votes it needed , however , after a few days of tense wrangling in which big finance threatened they'd let the peoples assets get eaten up in their collapse .
The White House became salesmen for the deal .
Congress saw they were up against impending chaos if the tumbling dominos endangered the life savings of their constituents .
Blackmail .
The bailout ensured the Bush White House enough cash and control to see them through to the end of their misbegotten term .
That it was unhealthy for the economy in the long - term mattered not - Bush all but doubled the national deficit already , signaling how much he cares about fiscal responsibility .
Now the White House has turned his attention to Iraq .
Frustrated for months at the resistance Iraq has shown in signing a Status of Forces Agreement , Bush has ratcheted up the pressure .
The SOFA would allow U.S. to continue its " war on terror " in Iraq until 2011 and pave the way for the contracts Big Oil has been long waiting for .
The Iraqi people have been protesting and marching in solidarity against the SOFA which they see as exploitive and imperialist .
The blatant greed of the U.S. has brought together Iraqi rivals in common disgust .
Prime Minister Maliki , who endorsed Obama 's plan for a responsible withdrawal of U.S. forces has stood up to Bush , identifying privatized military forces as a sticking point in negotiations - the Iraqis want Blackwater liable for their actions in Iraqi criminal courts .
But President Bush wants a deal now , charging General Odierno with the job of threatening the Iraqis who quickly termed this blackmail .
Odierno gave a three page list of " services " that the U.S. military will withhold if Iraq resists further .
This includes the security that has prevented Iraqis from killing eachother in the streets as they did for years before the Petraeus era .
Here 's where it gets interesting - January 1st would be the date for withholding these services .
In a hilarious twist of irony , a timetable , but without adequate transition support for the Iraqis to take over their own security .
Unlike the timetable proposed earlier by Democrats which Bush claimed amounted to surrender , this timetable is being used to pressure the Iraqis , leaving them without weapons and training , vulnerable to violence , and particularly at their borders .
Many experts believe this may further push Iraq towards waiting Iranian influences .
This deadline however is n't of Bush 's design - it represents the expiration of the U.N. mandate under which U.S. forces have been allowed to occupy Iraq - the legal cover for the war .
Technically , the U.S. could n't continue providing military " services " if they wanted to - unless a SOFA is signed or the deadline is extended , unlikely because the President wo n't let Congress , the American people or the U.N. see the terms of the prososed agreement .
Phyllis Bennis offers an excellent analysis of a translated draft of the SOFA leaked by the Iraqis here - and it is a must - read for anyone against this war and particularly troops questioning the legality of their deployment after New Year 's Eve .
Perhaps it 's the fingerprint of Vice President Cheney at work here .
It was Cheney who stopped Chief U.N. Weapons Inspector Hans Blix on his way into the Oval Office to meet the President in 2003 .
According to Blix , Cheney ordered him to issue a report that agreed with George Bush 's claims or Blix would be discredited .
Another story circulated during the 2006 NSA hearings warned that any Republican who voted to continue the inquiries would see their reelection funding withheld -- at the behest of Karl Rove .
By the next day , the hearings were discontinued without explanation .
Regardless of who within the White House is conceiving of these blackmail and secrecy plots , it 's clear the current administration wants to do some last - minute business in ensuring the wealthiest of defense and energy industry barons contract out a little more plunder before the Bush era ends .
Related reading : updated commentary by John Perkins , author of A Game As Old As Empire : Confessions of an Economic Hit Man .
Chinese economists warn of the “ biggest adjustment ” in 30 years
The domestic market
By John Chan
12 September 2008
While last weekend ’s bailout of Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae received plaudits from Wall Street , it was also warmly welcomed by the Chinese government .
Most immediately , Beijing was concerned about the tens of billions of dollars in bonds that Chinese banks hold from the two mortgage giants .
At the same time , China ’s manufacturers are desperate for any sign that the US will emerge from the subprime crisis , which has sapped consumer spending and therefore purchases of Chinese exports .
Several leading economists in China have begun to warn of major difficulties flowing from the economic slowdown in the US , Europe and Japan .
After the expansion of the economy on the basis of selling cheap consumer goods to the US and other Western markets in the 1990s , a sharp decline in demand could lead to mass unemployment and provoke widespread social unrest .
In an interview with the First Financial Daily published on September 1 , Li Xiangyang , deputy director of the World Economic and Political Research Department of the official Chinese Academy of Social Sciences ( CASS ) , admitted that the subprime meltdown was a rude awakening for Chinese economists , who had long understated the risk of major global crises .
Li was referring to the fact that many Chinese economists adapted to Western neo-liberal theories in the 1990s , believing that the global recession in the 1970s and the Great Depression of 1929 were events of the past .
“ This conception has been dominating China ’s economic circles for years , ” Li said , adding that it had weakened an awareness of the emerging global downturn .
Since the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) regime turned to the capitalist market in 1978 , the official Stalinist ideologues and academics have all but dropped their “ socialist ” window dressing and now openly serve the new capitalist elite .
Dismissing the Marxist theory of capitalist breakdown as “ outdated , ” they claim that world capitalism has learned to regulate its contradictions and that the economic depressions , social revolutions and imperialist wars of the first half of the twentieth century will never return .
Such arguments are now looking seriously flawed .
Li admitted China was facing the “ the most serious external shock in the 30 years of reform and opening up ” .
China was a closed economy throughout the mid-1970s period of world stagflation — a combination of economic stagnation and high inflation .
Its market reforms only began in earnest in 1978 .
Even during the Asian financial crisis in 1997 - 98 , China escaped most of the impact because the developed economies in North America and Europe were largely unaffected .
China still had a closed capital market , unlike today when hundreds of billions of dollars in “ hot money ” or speculative capital has flooded into the country .
Li warned that it was now impossible for China to “ decouple ” from the global economic crisis .
The restoration of capitalism in the former Soviet Union in 1991 and China ’s transformation into a vast sweatshop following the crushing of protests in Tiananmen Square in 1989 provided a much - needed boost to world capitalism .
The low - cost goods made in China enabled US economic policy makers to maintain a cheap credit policy without the fear of inflationary pressures .
Low interest rates formed the basis of the housing bubbles and debt - driven consumption in the US over the past decade , which in turn provided a huge market for Chinese goods .
Now this process is coming to an end .
Li explained : “ The subprime crisis was actually a ‘ correction ’ to years of debt - driven consumption in the US , marking the end of unsustainable economic growth based on ‘ spending tomorrow ’s income today ’ .
However , the cost of this ‘ correction ’ was borne by the rest of the world .
Within the US economy , the ‘ spend tomorrow ’s income today ’ debts of private companies were socialised .
The savers paid the bill for the lavish spenders , through government interventions .
Meanwhile , American debts were globalised : global savers paid the bill for American consumers , through inflation and devaluation of the dollar .
This is the privilege of being the holder of the world currency . ”
The comments reflect a certain bitterness among the capitalist elite in China , which now confronts declining global demand and rising commodity prices , while the giants of US finance capital are being bailed out .
Li called for China to develop its own transnational corporations , rather than simply remain an assembly line for Western multinationals .
Rising debts and insolvencies
Andy Xie , a former chief Asia analyst for Morgan Stanley , also warned in the financial magazine Caijing on September 1 that China was facing its biggest challenge in three decades .
He pointed out that for the first time in 30 years , Europe , Japan and the US were contracting simultaneously , creating enormous difficulties for Chinese exports .
In addition , a huge inflow of speculative capital had created unstable asset bubbles in China .
Many companies and local governments confronted a crisis of insolvency if the bubbles burst .
More fundamentally , rising production costs were undermining the entire basis of China ’s economic expansion as a platform for cheap manufacturing .
Exports accounted for 40 percent of China ’s gross domestic product ( GDP ) and contributed 4 percent of the country ’s total annual growth .
Xie said problems with exports could be traced back to 2004 , when global commodity prices started to rise .
Rising prices led to demands for wage increases .
As a result , large numbers of labour - intensive firms , which had always operated on thin profit margins , had been pushed to the edge .
Xie pointed out that the sentiment among entrepreneurs was that things would get better .
As a result , firms kept their production plans and attempted to maintain export growth over the past three years .
Now , with the danger of a downturn in major markets , many exporters faced serious problems .
Export corporations listed on the Hong Kong stock market had seen their share values fall by 50 - 80 percent in the past two years , raising fears of a collapse in the export industry .
Corporate debt had grown as manufacturers turned to real estate and share markets , only to suffer more losses .
So far this year , China ’s share markets had plunged by 59 percent , wiping out $ US2.86 trillion in value .
Local governments , which were dependent on selling land rights and taxing real estate transactions , were also heavily indebted .
Xie predicted that non-performing loans would increase substantially in the next 12 months as the property boom flattened out .
“ The problem is very serious , ” he warned .
According to one official estimate , some 65,000 small and medium firms went bankrupt in the first half of this year , throwing 20 million people out of work .
Many employers simply fled without paying wages to workers or debts to the banks .
Xie , a staunch advocate of the market , opposed any government assistance for ailing enterprises .
Instead , he called on the government to prevent bankrupt businessmen from fleeing with their assets and creating major difficulties for banks .
“ [ T ] he action of local officials to spend money to rescue them is very stupid .
The money could be stolen .
To protect China ’s financial security , the most effective policy is to ban heavily indebted entrepreneurs from leaving China , ” he wrote .
Xie ’s solution to China ’s problems is another round of economic restructuring — as was carried out in the aftermath of the Asian financial crisis a decade ago .
At that time , Beijing implemented sweeping privatisation of state enterprises and public housing , joined the World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) and built a national highway network .
Tens of millions of jobs in the state sector were destroyed , even as the costs of housing , education and health care skyrocketted due to the lack of public funding .
According to Xie , these draconian “ market reforms ” laid the basis for the boom of the past 10 years .
Xie ’s proposals to address the current crisis include developing Chinese transnationals , investing more in infrastructure and further deregulating the state - controlled financial system .
Such a perspective is in line with calls by many economists in recent years for China to reduce its reliance on exports and expand the domestic market .
But the transformation of a cheap labour platform into a consumer - driven economy inevitably confronts obstacles .
The domestic market
The Wall Street Journal on September 2 pointed to some of the difficulties in expanding domestic consumption in China .
Far from increasing , consumption in China has declined as a proportion of GDP from around 50 percent in the 1980s to just 37 percent .
Fixed asset investment accounts for 45 percent of the GDP , which has led to massive overcapacity .
“ Behind China ’s macroeconomic imbalances lies a political calculation , ” the newspaper explained .
“ With 10 million job seekers migrating into urban areas every year , China had to provide lots of jobs to avoid mass unemployment and social unrest .
Because consumer income and spending were so weak , the government felt it had no choice but to pump up capital investment and exports . ”
Huge vested interests oppose any shift to domestic consumption and higher wages .
For local officials , jobs are already becoming harder to create .
In the past decade , China has eliminated an estimated 20 million manufacturing jobs due to improvements in productivity .
High wages are the last thing that provincial and local governments want as they confront growing competition for investment , not only within China , but from Vietnam and India .
Other methods of putting money into the pockets of consumers also face opposition .
The government could lift interest rates on consumer deposits , but businesses would oppose any increase in their loan repayments .
Further appreciation of the yuan would increase domestic purchasing power for imported goods but at the expense of export competitiveness .
The government could reduce personal income tax but if that meant increased corporate taxes , it would be resisted by the powerful business elite .
A new labour law was introduced this year mandating employers to provide pensions , social insurance contributions and other benefits for workers .
As is the case with other regulations in China , many businesses simply flout the law and enforcement is weak .
China could increase domestic consumption by investing in public schools , healthcare and unemployment compensation , so that workers and the rural poor would not have to save in case of illness or job loss .
But as the Wall Street Journal explained : “ These measures are opposed by many local governments that often prefer to spend money on building roads and bridges .
That behavior may boost GDP more quickly , but it also provides more opportunity for corruption and payoffs . ”
So far , the economic slowdown has been gradual .
But there are danger signs .
The Chinese finance ministry recorded a 13.8 percent annualised growth in tax revenues in July — almost a fifth lower than the rates in the same month last year and the first half of this year .
The announcement raised concerns that China has little room for stimulatory policies such as tax cuts to compensate for falling growth rates .
While it is still growing at around 10.4 percent , the Chinese economy is riddled with internal contradictions that could rapidly produce an economic , not to mention political and social , crisis should it be hit with a major external shock .
That is why Chinese economists are nervously watching events in the US where a further financial meltdown could not only cause huge losses for Beijing , which holds hundreds of billions in US investments , but end the flood of foreign investment that has sustained the so - called Chinese miracle .
Introduction Delight is an imperative , object - oriented programming language with a Python - like syntax .
Internally , it is based on the D programming language .
Its major features are : Python - like syntax
Classes , interfaces and templates
Compiles to efficient native code
Static type - checking
Dependency injection
Built - in logging Here 's Hello World in Delight : import dlt . io : Printer class Main : void main ( Printer stdout ) : stdout .
write ( " Hello World !
" )
Delight is experimental and changing rapidly .
It is not suitable for production code .
Delight Syntax Delight drops the punctuation - heavy style that D inherits from C. Instead , its syntax is based on Python's .
A colon ( :) introduces a new , indented , block .
Statements end at the end of a line .
Semi-colons are not required .
Parenthesis are not needed in if , while statements , etc .
For example , this function takes a number and converts it to a string : string formatNumber ( int x ) : if x == 1 : return " One " else if x == 2 : return " Two " else : assert x > 2 return " Many " For more details , see the Delight Syntax page .
Main
An unusual feature of Delight is that , rather than using a static function or method , execution starts by instantiating the Main class and then running the main method inside it : class Main : void main ( Printer stdout ) : stdout .
write ( " Hello World !
" )
An obvious question is , why the unusual type signature of main ?
Why does it return void ( rather than int ) and why does it take a Printer ( rather than an array of strings ) ?
To answer the first question : if main returns normally then the program exits with an exit status of zero .
To exit with a different status , throw the SystemExit exception , which allows the exit code to be specified , as well as a message to display to the user .
The code can even be zero ( success ) : here 's an alternative version of Hello World : class Main : void main ( ) : throw new SystemExit ( " Hello World ! " , 0 ) As for the Printer argument to main , this is n't fixed ( in fact , it 's missing from the previous example ) .
But first , a digression ...
Global State Delight has no global state .
There are no module variables , no class static variables , and no function static variables : # Error : no module variables !
int x = 0 class Foo : # Error : no static class variables !
static int i void foo ( ) : # Error : no static function variables !
static int j
The only way for some code to get access to an existing object is for some other code to pass it to it .
For example : Foo foo = new Foo ( ) foo .
doSomething ()
The doSomething call takes some arbitrary amount of time to execute , and then either returns , or throws an exception .
It does not write to the standard output ( since it was n't given the stdout object ) .
It does not access the filesystem .
It ca n't even find out what time of day it is !
Note that this is not about " security " ( i.e. protection from malicious programmers ) .
Rather , it 's about encouraging good design by ensuring that interactions between components have to be explicit .
This explains the inputs to Main.main .
The method cannot go and get access to stdout .
It must be given it .
The standard library provides a set of named arguments which can be supplied in this way .
See dependency injection for details .
Note that you can have top - level functions , static class methods and static inner classes .
Only state is disallowed .
Object - Oriented Features Delight supports classes ( with single inheritance ) and interfaces : interface Alerter : void alert ( ) class PrintAlerter implements Alerter : Printer printer this ( Printer p ) : printer = p void alert ( ) : printer .
write ( " Alert !!
" ) this is a constructor .
It takes a Printer and stores it in a class instance variable .
Our new class can be used like this : class Main : void main ( Printer stdout ) : Alerter a = new PrintAlerter ( stdout ) a . alert ()
The constructor code for storing passed - in objects gets repetitive .
Delight offers a short - cut : any class variable marked in is implicitly added to the constructor arguments and assigned when the object is constructed .
The constructor can be omitted completely if nothing else needs to be done : class PrintAlerter implements Alerter : in Printer printer void alert ( ) : printer .
write ( " Alert !!
" )
NullPointerException
One of my biggest problems with main - stream typed languages is the handling of null .
In D or Java when you say : Date read ( Clock clock ) ; the compiler will make sure it passes either a Clock or null .
What 's the point carefully adding type annotations everywhere if your program 's just going to get a null and crash anyway ?
You might as well save yourself some typing and use Python .
In Delight , object references cannot be null .
For example : import dlt .
time : * Date read ( Clock clock ) : return clock .
now class Main : void main ( ) : read ( null )
It wo n't compile : $ delic -o hi hi.dlt hi.dlt : 8 : function hi.read ( Clock ) does not match parameter types ( void * ) hi.dlt:8 : Error : cannot implicitly convert expression ( null ) of type void* to dlt.time .
Clock
If you really want a type that can be null , add ? to make a maybe Clock type .
e.g. Date read ( Clock ?
clock ) : return clock .
now
The program still wo n't compile , though : hi.dlt:4 : Error : attempt to access property ' now ' for ' clock ' of type ' Clock ? ' , which may be null .
For more information , see the NullPointerException page .
Logging
All this no -global - state , explicit - object - passing stuff is great , until you want to debug something .
Adding an extra constructor argument for a Printer so you can output diagnostics is tedious , but you do n't need to because Delight has built - in support for logging : class Foo : this ( ) : log_warning ( " Hello from Foo ! " ) class Main : void main ( ) : new Foo () Prints : $ ./sayHi 2008-09-19 16:16:13,457
Warn hi .
Foo - Hello from Foo !
By default , warning and error level messages are written to stderr , while info and trace messages are discarded .
The Main class can take the system logManager object as an input and change the threshold if desired , or reconfigure it to output in other formats and to other places .
See Logging for details .
Credits
The basis for Delight is the Digital Mars D compiler front - end by Walter Bright ( which parses and analyses the source files ) , the GNU Compiler Collection ( GCC ) from the FSF , which generates native code , and David Friedman 's GDC , which connects the two together .
I have changed the lexer and parser to make the syntax Python - like , added the logging statement and the dependency injection features , and added maybe types to the type system .
By David Ignatius
In the military culture that shaped John McCain , there is no more important responsibility than the promotion boards that select the right officers for top positions of command .
It ’s a sacred trust in McCain ’s world , because people ’s lives are at stake .
McCain wrote in his memoir of the officer ’s responsibility for those who serve under him :
“ He does not risk their lives and welfare for his sake , but only to answer the shared duty they are called to answer . ”
McCain made the most important command decision of his life when he chose Sarah Palin as his vice presidential nominee .
Two weeks later , it is still puzzling that he selected a person who , for all her admirable qualities , is not prepared by experience or interest to be commander in chief .
No promotion board in history would have made such a decision .
Because of Palin ’s dynamism and political appeal , she ’s being hailed as an “ inspired choice , ” to use President Bush ’s words .
And she certainly has energized the Republican ticket :
The polls show it , as do the enthusiastic crowds .
And if a politician ’s primary responsibility is to get elected , this may indeed have been a sublime choice .
But was it the right one ?
And what does it tell us about McCain ?
McCain is 72 , and he has had a serious bout with a virulent form of cancer .
Thus , he had a special responsibility to pick a running mate who could be , in effect , a deputy commander — someone who could take over for him if his health should fail .
The country is at war , as McCain so often reminds us , and he was picking someone who might be responsible for the security of the nation .
McCain ’s appeal is that he presents himself as a man of principle — a person who will do the right thing , even if it is politically costly .
He did that in championing the troop surge in Iraq , and he has taken courageous stands in the Senate for years .
He defied his party on issues he believed in — from ethics reform to climate change to torture .
But John McCain also likes to win .
And he has an impulsive streak , sometimes bordering on recklessness , which is described by many of his friends and by McCain himself in his memoir , “ Faith of My Fathers . ”
The desire to win , and the impulsiveness , converged in his decision to pick Palin — a bold move that has allowed McCain to regain his maverick identity .
Palin is an immensely engaging political personality .
The reason she comes across as likable to most Americans is that she ( BEG ITAL ) is( END ITAL ) likable .
But that does n’t make Palin a suitable commander in chief for a nation at war .
She has almost no knowledge or experience of foreign affairs ; no military leader would entrust command to someone so inexperienced or unprepared .
Barack Obama faces a similar question , but he has been in the national spotlight for four years and has traveled , studied , prepared — and he choose in Joe Biden a running mate who is one of the Senate ’s genuine experts on foreign policy .
The country will watch Palin ’s performance in interviews and debates , but right now she seems a genuinely risky bet .
Thinking about the Palin choice , you begin to ponder other moves McCain has made on the road to winning the Republican nomination .
McCain was right a few years ago to warn that Bush ’s tax cuts would have potentially ruinous fiscal consequences ; now he favors extending the cuts that have produced a crisis of debt and deficit .
Why did he switch his position , other than political opportunism ?
McCain even seems to have forgotten what saved his greatest legislative achievement , which is campaign - finance reform .
When he was asked during the Saddleback Church debate which Supreme Court justices he would not have nominated , he named Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Stephen Breyer , David Souter and John Paul Stevens .
It happens that those are four of the five justices who voted in 2003 to uphold McCain - Feingold .
In May 2006 , after McCain had courted Rev. Jerry Falwell in an effort to win conservative support , I asked him if he was bending his principles for the sake of winning .
“ I do n’t want it that badly , ” McCain answered .
“ I will continue to do what is right . …
If that means I ca n’t get the Republican nomination , fine .
I ’ve had a happy life .
The worst thing I can do is sell my soul to the devil . ”
He was right .
David Ignatius ’ e-mail address is davidignatius@washpost.com .
Thought of the Moment
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom .
- George Smith Patton
.
It 's free .
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom .
- George Smith Patton Receive quotations ( and words ) in our daily newsletter .
It 's free .
Amoeba BindBabied MoanBabied OmanAbbe DomainBabe DomainNabob MediaNabob AmideNabob AimedAmeboid BanAmeboid NabA Nabob DimeA Nabob IdemA Badmen BioA Badmen ObiA Abdomen BiA Bemoan BidA Iamb BonedA Maiden BobA Median BobA Moaned BibA Daemon BibA Dean BimboA Domain EbbA Ani MobbedA Ani BombedBaa Imbed OnBaa Imbed NoBaa Bedim OnBaa Bedim NoBaa Boned MiBaa Bid OmenBaa Bod MineBaa Bod MienBaa Bone MidBaa Bone DimBaa Bi DemonBaa Bin DomeBaa Bin ModeBaa Bin DemoBaa Nib DomeBaa Nib ModeBaa Nib DemoBaa Bio MendBaa Obi MendBaa Mob DineBaaed Bin OmBaaed Nib OmBaaed Mob InAbeam Bid OnAbeam Bid NoAbeam Bond IAbeam Bod InAbeam Bi NodAbeam Bi DonAbeam Bin DoAbeam Nib DoAmeba Bid OnAmeba Bid NoAmeba Bond IAmeba Bod InAmeba Bi NodAmeba Bi DonAmeba Bin DoAmeba Nib DoNaiad Ebb OmNaiad Bob MeNaiad Bob EmNaiad Be MobAdman Be BioAdman Be ObiMania Ebb DoMania Bob EdMania Bod BeAmnia Ebb DoAmnia Bob EdAmnia Bod BeBabied Ma OnBabied Ma NoBabied Am OnBabied Am NoBabied An OmAbbe Maid OnAbbe Maid NoAbbe Amid OnAbbe Amid NoAbbe Mad IonAbbe Dam IonAbbe Nomad IAbbe Dona MiAbbe Aim NodAbbe Aim DonAbbe Main DoAbbe Ani ModAbbe Moan IdAbbe Oman IdBabe Maid OnBabe Maid NoBabe Amid OnBabe Amid NoBabe Mad IonBabe Dam IonBabe Nomad IBabe Dona MiBabe Aim NodBabe Aim DonBabe Main DoBabe Ani ModBabe Moan IdBabe Oman IdNabob Mead INabob Made INabob Dame INabob Aid MeNabob Aid EmNabob Aim EdNabob Ma DieNabob Am DieDab Beam IonDab Bemoan IDab Iamb OneDab Iamb EonDab Boa MineDab Boa MienDab Mane BioDab Mane ObiDab Mean BioDab Mean ObiDab Name BioDab Name ObiDab Amen BioDab Amen ObiDab Aim BoneBad Beam IonBad Bemoan IBad Iamb OneBad Iamb EonBad Boa MineBad Boa MienBad Mane BioBad Mane ObiBad Mean BioBad Mean ObiBad Name BioBad Name ObiBad Amen BioBad Amen ObiBad Aim BoneBead Iamb OnBead Iamb NoBead Bani OmBead Ani MobBead Man BioBead Man ObiBead Moan BiBead Oman BiBade Iamb OnBade Iamb NoBade Bani OmBade Ani MobBade Man BioBade Man ObiBade Moan BiBade Oman BiAbed Iamb OnAbed Iamb NoAbed Bani OmAbed Ani MobAbed Man BioAbed Man ObiAbed Moan BiAbed Oman BiAbide Ban OmAbide Nab OmAbide An MobBadmen Boa IAbode Ban MiAbode Nab MiAbode Ma BinAbode Ma NibAbode Am BinAbode Am NibAbode Man BiAdobe Ban MiAdobe Nab MiAdobe Ma BinAdobe Ma NibAdobe Am BinAdobe Am NibAdobe Man BiBeam Bani DoBeam Boa DinBeam And BioBeam And ObiBeam Dona BiBeam Ado BinBeam Ado NibBeam Ani BodBemoan Ad BiBane Iamb DoBane Boa MidBane Boa DimBane Aid MobBane Mad BioBane Mad ObiBane Dam BioBane Dam ObiBane Aim BodBean Iamb DoBean Boa MidBean Boa DimBean Aid MobBean Mad BioBean Mad ObiBean Dam BioBean Dam ObiBean Aim BodIamb Ban DoeIamb Ban OdeIamb Nab DoeIamb Nab OdeIamb Boa EndIamb Boa DenIamb Ad BoneIamb Dona BeIamb Nae BodIamb An BodeBani Ma BodeBani Am BodeBan Boa DimeBan Boa IdemBan Idea MobBan Aide MobBan Mead BioBan Mead ObiBan Made BioBan Made ObiBan Dame BioBan Dame ObiBan Aim BodeNab Boa DimeNab Boa IdemNab Idea MobNab Aide MobNab Mead BioNab Mead ObiNab Made BioNab Made ObiNab Dame BioNab Dame ObiNab Aim BodeBoa Mead BinBoa Mead NibBoa Made BinBoa Made NibBoa Dame BinBoa Dame NibBoa Amend BiBoa Admen BiBoa Named BiBoa Maned BiBoa Mane BidBoa Mean BidBoa Name BidBoa Amen BidBoa Aim BendBoa Main DebBoa Main BedBoa Man BideBoa An ImbedBoa An BedimAd Nae BimboIdea Man BobIdea An BombAide Man BobAide An BombMedia An BobAmide An BobAimed An BobMead Ani BobMade Ani BobDame Ani BobDean Aim BobAnode Ma BibAnode Am BibAid Mane BobAid Mean BobAid Name BobAid Amen BobAid Nae BombAid Moan EbbAid Oman EbbMaid Nae BobAmid Nae BobMad Aeon BibDam Aeon BibDona Aim EbbAdo Mane BibAdo Mean BibAdo Name BibAdo Amen BibAdo Main EbbA A Mobbed InA A Bombed InA A Dobbin MeA A Dobbin EmA A Bib DemonA A Bimbo EndA A Bimbo DenA A Bomb DineA A Bob MinedA A Bob DenimA Nabbed I OmA Abbe Mid OnA Abbe Mid NoA Abbe Dim OnA Abbe Dim NoA Abbe Din OmA Abbe Mod InA Abbe Nod MiA Abbe Don MiA Babe Mid OnA Babe Mid NoA Babe Dim OnA Babe Dim NoA Babe Din OmA Babe Mod InA Babe Nod MiA Babe Don MiA Nabob Ed MiA Nabob Id MeA Nabob Id EmA Dab Bone MiA Dab Bi OmenA Dab Bio MenA Dab Obi MenA Bad Bone MiA Bad Bi OmenA Bad Bio MenA Bad Obi MenA Bead Bin OmA Bead Nib OmA Bead Mob InA Bade Bin OmA Bade Nib OmA Bade Mob InA Abed Bin OmA Abed Nib OmA Abed Mob InA Band Bio MeA Band Bio EmA Band Obi MeA Band Obi EmA Beam Bid OnA Beam Bid NoA Beam Bond IA Beam Bod InA Beam Bi NodA Beam Bi DonA Beam Bin DoA Beam Nib DoA Bane Bid OmA Bane Bod MiA Bane Bi ModA Bane Mob IdA Bean Bid OmA Bean Bod MiA Bean Bi ModA Bean Mob IdA Iamb Deb OnA Iamb Deb NoA Iamb Bed OnA Iamb Bed NoA Iamb Bod EnA Iamb Be NodA Iamb Be DonA Bani Deb OmA Bani Bed OmA Bani Bod MeA Bani Bod EmA Bani Be ModA Bani Mob EdA Ban Bide OmA Ban Bode MiA Ban Bi DomeA Ban Bi ModeA Ban Bi DemoA Ban Mob DieA Nab Bide OmA Nab Bode MiA Nab Bi DomeA Nab Bi ModeA Nab Bi DemoA Nab Mob DieA Boa Bend MiA Boa Bid MenA Boa Bind MeA Boa Bind EmA Boa Be MindA Boa Bi MendA Ad Bib OmenA Ad Bimbo EnA Ad Bob MineA Ad Bob MienA Mead Bib OnA Mead Bib NoA Mead Bob InA Made Bib OnA Made Bib NoA Made Bob InA Dame Bib OnA Dame Bib NoA Dame Bob InA Amend Bob IA Admen Bob IA Named Bob IA Maned Bob IA Dean Bib OmA Dean Bomb IA Dean Bob MiA Dean Bi MobA Aid Bomb EnA Aid Bob MenA Maid Ebb OnA Maid Ebb NoA Maid Bob EnA Amid Ebb OnA Amid Ebb NoA Amid Bob EnA Mad Ebb IonA Mad Bib OneA Mad Bib EonA Mad Bone BiA Dam Ebb IonA Dam Bib OneA Dam Bib EonA Dam Bone BiA Damn Be BioA Damn Be ObiA Nomad Ebb IA Nomad Be BiA Dona Ebb MiA Dona Bib MeA Dona Bib EmA Ado Bib MenA Mane Bib DoA Mane Bob IdA Mane Bod BiA Mean Bib DoA Mean Bob IdA Mean Bod BiA Name Bib DoA Name Bob IdA Name Bod BiA Amen Bib DoA Amen Bob IdA Amen Bod BiA Nae Bib ModA Nae Bomb IdA Nae Bob MidA Nae Bob DimA Nae Bid MobA Aim Ebb NodA Aim Ebb DonA Aim Bob EndA Aim Bob DenA Aim Bond BeA Main Ebb DoA Main Bob EdA Main Bod BeA Ani Ebb ModA Ani Bomb EdA Ani Deb MobA Ani Bed MobA Ma Bib DoneA Ma Bib NodeA Ma Bob DineA Ma Bend BioA Ma Bend ObiA Ma Boned BiA Ma Bode BinA Ma Bode NibA Ma Bid BoneA Am Bib DoneA Am Bib NodeA Am Bob DineA Am Bend BioA Am Bend ObiA Am Boned BiA Am Bode BinA Am Bode NibA Am Bid BoneA Man Bib DoeA Man Bib OdeA Man Bob DieA Man Deb BioA Man Deb ObiA Man Bed BioA Man Bed ObiA Man Bode BiA Moan Ebb IdA Moan Bib EdA Moan Deb BiA Moan Bed BiA Moan Bid BeA Oman Ebb IdA Oman Bib EdA Oman Deb BiA Oman Bed BiA Oman Bid BeA An Mobbed IA An Bombed IA An Bib DomeA An Bib ModeA An Bib DemoA An Bimbo EdA An Bomb DieA An Bob DimeA An Bob IdemA An Bide MobBaa Deb Mi OnBaa Deb Mi NoBaa Deb In OmBaa Bed Mi OnBaa Bed Mi NoBaa Bed In OmBaa Bend I OmBaa Bid Me OnBaa Bid Me NoBaa Bid Em OnBaa Bid Em NoBaa Bid En OmBaa Bond Me IBaa Bond Em IBaa Bod Me InBaa Bod Em InBaa Bod Men IBaa Bod En MiBaa Be Mid OnBaa Be Mid NoBaa Be Dim OnBaa Be Dim NoBaa Be Din OmBaa Be Mod InBaa Be Nod MiBaa Be Don MiBaa Bi End OmBaa Bi Den OmBaa Bi Mod EnBaa Bi Nod MeBaa Bi Nod EmBaa Bi Don MeBaa Bi Don EmBaa Bi Do MenBaa Bin Ed OmBaa Bin Do MeBaa Bin Do EmBaa Nib Ed OmBaa Nib Do MeBaa Nib Do EmBaa Mob Ed InBaa Mob End IBaa Mob Den IBaa Mob Id EnAbbe Ad Mi OnAbbe Ad Mi NoAbbe Ad In OmAbbe Mad I OnAbbe Mad I NoAbbe Dam I OnAbbe Dam I NoAbbe And I OmAbbe Ma Id OnAbbe Ma Id NoAbbe Ma Nod IAbbe Ma Don IAbbe Ma Do InAbbe Am Id OnAbbe Am Id NoAbbe Am Nod IAbbe Am Don IAbbe Am Do InAbbe Man Do IAbbe An Id OmAbbe An Mod IAbbe An Do MiBabe Ad Mi OnBabe Ad Mi NoBabe Ad In OmBabe Mad I OnBabe Mad I NoBabe Dam I OnBabe Dam I NoBabe And I OmBabe Ma Id OnBabe Ma Id NoBabe Ma Nod IBabe Ma Don IBabe Ma Do InBabe Am Id OnBabe Am Id NoBabe Am Nod IBabe Am Don IBabe Am Do InBabe Man Do IBabe An Id OmBabe An Mod IBabe An Do MiNabob Ad Me INabob Ad Em INabob Ma Ed INabob Am Ed IDab Beam I OnDab Beam I NoDab Bane I OmDab Bean I OmDab Boa Me InDab Boa Em InDab Boa Men IDab Boa En MiDab Nae Bi OmDab Nae Mob IDab Aim Be OnDab Aim Be NoDab Ani Be OmDab Ma Be IonDab Ma Bone IDab Ma Bi OneDab Ma Bi EonDab Ma Bio EnDab Ma Obi EnDab Am Be IonDab Am Bone IDab Am Bi OneDab Am Bi EonDab Am Bio EnDab Am Obi EnDab Moan Be IDab Oman Be IDab An Bio MeDab An Bio EmDab An Obi MeDab An Obi EmBad Beam I OnBad Beam I NoBad Bane I OmBad Bean I OmBad Boa Me InBad Boa Em InBad Boa Men IBad Boa En MiBad Nae Bi OmBad Nae Mob IBad Aim Be OnBad Aim Be NoBad Ani Be OmBad Ma Be IonBad Ma Bone IBad Ma Bi OneBad Ma Bi EonBad Ma Bio EnBad Ma Obi EnBad Am Be IonBad Am Bone IBad Am Bi OneBad Am Bi EonBad Am Bio EnBad Am Obi EnBad Moan Be IBad Oman Be IBad An Bio MeBad An Bio EmBad An Obi MeBad An Obi EmBead Ban I OmBead Nab I OmBead Ma Bi OnBead Ma Bi NoBead Am Bi OnBead Am Bi NoBead An Bi OmBead An Mob IBade Ban I OmBade Nab I OmBade Ma Bi OnBade Ma Bi NoBade Am Bi OnBade Am Bi NoBade An Bi OmBade An Mob IAbed Ban I OmAbed Nab I OmAbed Ma Bi OnAbed Ma Bi NoAbed Am Bi OnAbed Am Bi NoAbed An Bi OmAbed An Mob IBand Boa Me IBand Boa Em IBeam Ban Do IBeam Nab Do IBeam Ad Bi OnBeam Ad Bi NoBeam An Bod IBeam An Bi DoBane Ad Bi OmBane Ad Mob IBane Ma Bod IBane Ma Bi DoBane Am Bod IBane Am Bi DoBean Ad Bi OmBean Ad Mob IBean Ma Bod IBean Ma Bi DoBean Am Bod IBean Am Bi DoIamb Ad Be OnIamb Ad Be NoIamb An Be DoBani Ad Be OmBani Ma Be DoBani Am Be DoBan Boa Ed MiBan Boa Id MeBan Boa Id EmBan Ad Bio MeBan Ad Bio EmBan Ad Obi MeBan Ad Obi EmBan Aid Be OmBan Ado Be MiBan Ado Bi MeBan Ado Bi EmBan Aim Be DoBan Ma Bode IBan Ma Bi DoeBan Ma Bi OdeBan Ma Bio EdBan Ma Obi EdBan Am Bode IBan Am Bi DoeBan Am Bi OdeBan Am Bio EdBan Am Obi EdNab Boa Ed MiNab Boa Id MeNab Boa Id EmNab Ad Bio MeNab Ad Bio EmNab Ad Obi MeNab Ad Obi EmNab Aid Be OmNab Ado Be MiNab Ado Bi MeNab Ado Bi EmNab Aim Be DoNab Ma Bode INab Ma Bi DoeNab Ma Bi OdeNab Ma Bio EdNab Ma Obi EdNab Am Bode INab Am Bi DoeNab Am Bi OdeNab Am Bio EdNab Am Obi EdBoa Ad Bi MenBoa Ad Bin MeBoa Ad Bin EmBoa Ad Nib MeBoa Ad Nib EmBoa Mad Be InBoa Mad Bi EnBoa Dam Be InBoa Dam Bi EnBoa Damn Be IBoa And Be MiBoa And Bi MeBoa And Bi EmBoa Ma Deb InBoa Ma Bed InBoa Ma Bend IBoa Ma Bid EnBoa Ma Be DinBoa Ma Bi EndBoa Ma Bi DenBoa Ma Bin EdBoa Ma Nib EdBoa Am Deb InBoa Am Bed InBoa Am Bend IBoa Am Bid EnBoa Am Be DinBoa Am Bi EndBoa Am Bi DenBoa Am Bin EdBoa Am Nib EdBoa Man Deb IBoa Man Bed IBoa Man Be IdBoa Man Bi EdBoa An Deb MiBoa An Bed MiBoa An Bid MeBoa An Bid EmBoa An Be MidBoa An Be DimAd Mane Bob IAd Mean Bob IAd Name Bob IAd Amen Bob IAd Nae Bib OmAd Nae Bomb IAd Nae Bob MiAd Nae Bi MobAd Aim Ebb OnAd Aim Ebb NoAd Aim Bob EnAd Ani Ebb OmAd Ani Bob MeAd Ani Bob EmAd Ani Be MobAd Ma Ebb IonAd Ma Bib OneAd Ma Bib EonAd Ma Bone BiAd Am Ebb IonAd Am Bib OneAd Am Bib EonAd Am Bone BiAd Man Be BioAd Man Be ObiAd Moan Ebb IAd Moan Be BiAd Oman Ebb IAd Oman Be BiMead An Bob IMade An Bob IDame An Bob IDean Ma Bob IDean Am Bob IAid Ma Ebb OnAid Ma Ebb NoAid Ma Bob EnAid Am Ebb OnAid Am Ebb NoAid Am Bob EnAid An Ebb OmAid An Bob MeAid An Bob EmAid An Be MobMad Nae Bob IMad An Be BioMad An Be ObiDam Nae Bob IDam An Be BioDam An Be ObiAnd Ma Be BioAnd Ma Be ObiAnd Am Be BioAnd Am Be ObiDona Ma Ebb IDona Ma Be BiDona Am Ebb IDona Am Be BiAdo Ma Ebb InAdo Ma Bib EnAdo Ma Be BinAdo Ma Be NibAdo Am Ebb InAdo Am Bib EnAdo Am Be BinAdo Am Be NibAdo Man Ebb IAdo Man Be BiAdo An Ebb MiAdo An Bib MeAdo An Bib EmNae Ma Bib DoNae Ma Bob IdNae Ma Bod BiNae Am Bib DoNae Am Bob IdNae Am Bod BiAim An Ebb DoAim An Bob EdAim An Bod BeAni Ma Ebb DoAni Ma Bob EdAni Ma Bod BeAni Am Ebb DoAni Am Bob EdAni Am Bod BeMa An Bib DoeMa An Bib OdeMa An Bob DieMa An Deb BioMa An Deb ObiMa An Bed BioMa An Bed ObiMa An Bode BiAm An Bib DoeAm An Bib OdeAm An Bob DieAm An Deb BioAm An Deb ObiAm An Bed BioAm An Bed ObiAm An Bode BiA A Ebb Mid OnA A Ebb Mid NoA A Ebb Dim OnA A Ebb Dim NoA A Ebb Din OmA A Ebb Mod InA A Ebb Nod MiA A Ebb Don MiA A Bib End OmA A Bib Den OmA A Bib Mod EnA A Bib Nod MeA A Bib Nod EmA A Bib Don MeA A Bib Don EmA A Bib Do MenA A Bomb Ed InA A Bomb End IA A Bomb Den IA A Bomb Id EnA A Bob Mend IA A Bob End MiA A Bob Den MiA A Bob Id MenA A Bob Mid EnA A Bob Dim EnA A Bob Din MeA A Bob Din EmA A Deb Bin OmA A Deb Nib OmA A Deb Mob InA A Bed Bin OmA A Bed Nib OmA A Bed Mob InA A Bend Bi OmA A Bend Mob IA A Bid Mob EnA A Bind Be OmA A Bond Be MiA A Bond Bi MeA A Bond Bi EmA A Bod Bi MenA A Bod Bin MeA A Bod Bin EmA A Bod Nib MeA A Bod Nib EmA A Be Bin ModA A Be Nib ModA A Be Mob DinA A Bi Mob EndA A Bi Mob DenA A Bin Mob EdA A Nib Mob EdA Dab Be Mi OnA Dab Be Mi NoA Dab Be In OmA Dab Bi Me OnA Dab Bi Me NoA Dab Bi Em OnA Dab Bi Em NoA Dab Bi En OmA Dab Mob En IA Bad Be Mi OnA Bad Be Mi NoA Bad Be In OmA Bad Bi Me OnA Bad Bi Me NoA Bad Bi Em OnA Bad Bi Em NoA Bad Bi En OmA Bad Mob En IA Band Be I OmA Ban Deb I OmA Ban Bed I OmA Ban Bod Me IA Ban Bod Em IA Ban Be Id OmA Ban Be Mod IA Ban Be Do MiA Ban Bi Ed OmA Ban Bi Do MeA Ban Bi Do EmA Ban Mob Ed IA Nab Deb I OmA Nab Bed I OmA Nab Bod Me IA Nab Bod Em IA Nab Be Id OmA Nab Be Mod IA Nab Be Do MiA Nab Bi Ed OmA Nab Bi Do MeA Nab Bi Do EmA Nab Mob Ed IA Ad Ebb Mi OnA Ad Ebb Mi NoA Ad Ebb In OmA Ad Bib Me OnA Ad Bib Me NoA Ad Bib Em OnA Ad Bib Em NoA Ad Bib En OmA Ad Bomb En IA Ad Bob Me InA Ad Bob Em InA Ad Bob Men IA Ad Bob En MiA Ad Be Bin OmA Ad Be Nib OmA Ad Be Mob InA Ad Bi Mob EnA Mad Ebb I OnA Mad Ebb I NoA Mad Bob En IA Mad Be Bi OnA Mad Be Bi NoA Dam Ebb I OnA Dam Ebb I NoA Dam Bob En IA Dam Be Bi OnA Dam Be Bi NoA And Ebb I OmA And Bob Me IA And Bob Em IA And Be Bi OmA And Be Mob IA Ma Ebb Id OnA Ma Ebb Id NoA Ma Ebb Nod IA Ma Ebb Don IA Ma Ebb Do InA Ma Bib Ed OnA Ma Bib Ed NoA Ma Bib Do EnA Ma Bob Ed InA Ma Bob End IA Ma Bob Den IA Ma Bob Id EnA Ma Deb Bi OnA Ma Deb Bi NoA Ma Bed Bi OnA Ma Bed Bi NoA Ma Bid Be OnA Ma Bid Be NoA Ma Bond Be IA Ma Bod Be InA Ma Bod Bi EnA Ma Be Bi NodA Ma Be Bi DonA Ma Be Bin DoA Ma Be Nib DoA Am Ebb Id OnA Am Ebb Id NoA Am Ebb Nod IA Am Ebb Don IA Am Ebb Do InA Am Bib Ed OnA Am Bib Ed NoA Am Bib Do EnA Am Bob Ed InA Am Bob End IA Am Bob Den IA Am Bob Id EnA Am Deb Bi OnA Am Deb Bi NoA Am Bed Bi OnA Am Bed Bi NoA Am Bid Be OnA Am Bid Be NoA Am Bond Be IA Am Bod Be InA Am Bod Bi EnA Am Be Bi NodA Am Be Bi DonA Am Be Bin DoA Am Be Nib DoA Man Ebb Do IA Man Bob Ed IA Man Bod Be IA Man Be Bi DoA An Ebb Id OmA An Ebb Mod IA An Ebb Do MiA An Bib Ed OmA An Bib Do MeA An Bib Do EmA An Bomb Ed IA An Bob Ed MiA An Bob Id MeA An Bob Id EmA An Deb Bi OmA An Deb Mob IA An Bed Bi OmA An Bed Mob IA An Bid Be OmA An Bod Be MiA An Bod Bi MeA An Bod Bi EmA An Be Bi ModA An Be Mob IdA An Bi Mob EdDab Ma Be I OnDab Ma Be I NoDab Am Be I OnDab Am Be I NoDab An Be I OmBad Ma Be I OnBad Ma Be I NoBad Am Be I OnBad Am Be I NoBad An Be I OmBan Ad Be I OmBan Ma Be Do IBan Am Be Do INab Ad Be I OmNab Ma Be Do INab Am Be Do IAd Ma Ebb I OnAd Ma Ebb I NoAd Ma Bob En IAd Ma Be Bi OnAd Ma Be Bi NoAd Am Ebb I OnAd Am Ebb I NoAd Am Bob En IAd Am Be Bi OnAd Am Be Bi NoAd An Ebb I OmAd An Bob Me IAd An Bob Em IAd An Be Bi OmAd An Be Mob IMa An Ebb Do IMa An Bob Ed IMa An Bod Be IMa An Be Bi DoAm An Ebb Do IAm An Bob Ed IAm An Bod Be IAm An Be Bi Do
Panasonic Rolling Out Massive Electronics Recycling Program
October 30th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Recycling electronics is never easy , so it ’s extremely helpful when electronics companies take it upon themselves to help out .
Panasonic announced today that is creating a program in the United States to let consumers easily recycle Panasonic products free of charge .
The program , which is scheduled to start November 1 , is being managed by the Electronic Manufacturers Recycling Management Company — a joint venture between Panasonic , Toshiba , and Sharp .
Initially , Panasonic ’s program will offer 160 drop - off locations in 10 states .
Within the next 3 years , hundreds more sites will pop up in all 50 states .
In addition to its drop - off program , Panasonic also recently pledge to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by 300,000 tons in the next 22 years .
With the upcoming digital TV mandate approaching , I ’m sure that Panasonic ’s initiative will prevent millions of analog televisions from being tossed in the dumpster .
Photo Credit : Ubergizmo.com
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Time columnist Joe Klein , who ’s been a forceful critic of the McCain campaign ( and already said he ’s unwilling to accept a post- election apology ) , has found himself without a seat on the McCain or Palin planes the past four months .
In June , Klein was kept from boarding the McCain plane over what they said had been a security issue .
More recently , when trying to fly on the Palin plane last week , Klein told Politico over e-mail that the campaign 's response was he “ could n’t be accommodated at this time . ”
“ I ’ve done nine presidential campaigns and this is the first time this has ever happened to me , ” Klein said .
“ I was even allowed — I wo n’t say welcomed — on the Clinton plane in the summer of 1996 after I was revealed as the author of Primary Colors . ”
“ I rode with McCain during the primaries , but not since I asked him — at a June press conference — whether he really believed Ahmadinejad was the ‘ leader ’ of Iran , since he has no control over foreign policy or the nuclear program , ” Klein continued .
“ That was when they suddenly told me that I had n’t called in time to get secret service clearance .
( I had called more than a day in advance . ) "
But he ’s not the first high - profile critic to get the cold shoulder .
New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd told the Pittsburgh Post - Gazette that she had been “ banned ” by the campaign for what they told her was “ the foreseeable future . ”
Despite Dowd being kept off the planes , The Times continues to have reporters travel with the campaign .
Similarly , other Time magazine staffers , including Washington bureau chief Jay Carney , " reporter Michael Scherer , and Mark Halperin ( The Page ) , have not had a problem with access .
Klein noted that a couple weeks ago he told McCain adviser Nicolle Wallace about planning to get on the McCain plane again , and by his account , “ she seemed to think it would be fine . ”
( Wallace has not yet answered a request for comment ) .
One thing seems clear about not getting on the Palin plane : space was n't an issue .
According to a reporter traveling with the campaign , there had been a few empty seats last week .
“ My understanding is that his request came in too late , ” Palin spokesperson Tracey Schmitt said .
So either Klein is consistently too late putting in requests , or the campaign just does n't really want him aboard .
UPDATE : Campaign spokesperson Michael Goldfarb responded that " we do n't allow Daily Kos diarists on board either . "
comments closed
permalink
Anita Bryant ( famous Florida orange juice and anti-gay spokeswoman ) narrates this film that tries to simplify its drug abuse message with an analogy of kids putting together a contraption out of Lego blocks .
Although the metaphors often do n't make sense , the visual impact of the film is stunning and could easily be quite popular with individuals consuming illicit drugs .
Also , like most anti-drug films , this could be a tempting introduction to drugs for some youths yearning to escape their " boring " lives or to rebel against their parents .
plus -circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer : markuskobi - favorite favorite favorite favorite - February 21 , 2013
Subject : So ... What Are Drugs Like ??
Huh ??
You Know ... DRUGS !
Sister : " Whatcha making ? "
Brother : " A huka bong with a built in graphix chamber ... "
- February 21 , 2013So ... What Are Drugs Like ??
Huh ??
You Know ... DRUGS !
Reviewer : loyaltubist - favorite favorite favorite favorite - October 12 , 2012
Subject : I enjoy this ...
It is , in fact , 1969 , not 1979 ... I checked the Internet Movie Database ... - October 12 , 2012I enjoy this ...
Reviewer : Headlinzman - - October 3 , 2011
Subject : Date of Origin I came across the You Tube posting today and noticed that there are a lot of people who seem to think that this film was released in 1979 ; that is definitely incorrect .
How do I know ?
My father shot the film , I have a cameo in it along with two family members , and it was pretty much done in the production team 's various living rooms .
My recollection is that we shot it in ' 68 - 69 , about when I was eight ( around the time 2001 was released ) ; that the Lego bit was shot in Paul Nagle 's living room , the opening shot was from within my closet , etc .
Of course , my childhood memories are n't infallible , but I 'm pretty sure the thing was in the PBS system and the Dade County schools and recreation departments by ' 70 at the latest .
That means Anita Bryant would 've been about 29 , which is a little surprising the way she sounds .
- October 3 , 2011 Date of Origin
Reviewer : George Oldupai - favorite favorite favorite - September 7 , 2011
Subject : 1979 ?!
this looks like 1970 .
Whoever is in charge of this upload should confirm / update the date of origin .
- September 7 , 20111979 ?!
Reviewer : Michael Walken - favorite favorite - May 25 , 2011
Subject : Hissing of summer lawns
Now that 's a weird one .
A typical product of it's time , it looks like being done with the help of illicit substances .
Plenty of moving pictures for the sake of it , dull folksy score , no cognizable narrative route , no coherence between whatever comes next , reluctant kids doing a tiresome " conversations " routine , gee , " Drugs Are Like That " is a sound conclusion , but from what , the heck ?
Not from this nonlinear nonsense .
" Stunning visual impact ... " oh boy .
Two stars and an academy award nomination for the most brazen product placement in a pointless flick , though .
- May 25 , 2011 Hissing of summer lawns
Reviewer : Bedtime4Bonzo - favorite favorite favorite favorite - December 11 , 2009
Subject : awesome drug vid i love this one but the mpeg2 download is choppy for some reason .
i am going to try to request a repost of it ...... - December 11 , 2009 awesome drug vid
Reviewer : dkpt0107 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - March 11 , 2009
Subject : La La La ...
This same video was used in The Bird and the Bee video for La La La .
Look it up on youtube .
The pill / needle / joints remind me of Drug Store Cowboy era Van Sant ... - March 11 , 2009La La La ...
Reviewer : xXxKimberlyAnnexXx - favorite - January 6 , 2009
Subject :
They tried , I guess ...
I was n't expecting much from a Florida Orange juice and anti-homosexual spokes - person anyway , but they obviously did n't put much thought into this film ...
And what were they talking about " the visual impact of the film is stunning and could easily be quite popular with individuals consuming illicit drugs " I did n't see any stunning visuals !!!
The attempt at being metaphoric was lame at best , they were overly vague and general , and the statement " like most anti-drug films , this could be a tempting introduction to drugs " was strange ... they obviously thought too much of this film and should n't make films about subjects they have no experience with or knowledge about .
I wasted how much of my time over this ?
I guess drugs are like that , too ... ;) - January 6 , 2009
They tried , I guess ...
Reviewer : bestpbx - favorite - March 20 , 2008
Subject :
This film is a drug !
It killed 50,000,000 brain cells and made me want to beat up a bunny rabbit .
This film is worse than CRACK !
Do not watch it .
You will be sorry !
Anita Bryant will come to your house with a photographer and they will make a film of you when you drop your pacifier and no matter how hard you cry they will not let you have it .
Oh , they HUMANITY !
Somebody save me !!!!!!!!
- March 20 , 2008
This film is a drug !
Reviewer : your dog - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - February 13 , 2008
Subject : Salome Lego Playset
you can find their music on
slp
salome lego playset
or
myspace.com/salomelp
i liked the movie .
there is this italian band that is basically what this movie is all about .
you can find their music on archive.org slpsalome lego playsetori liked the movie .
- February 13 , 2008 Salome Lego Playset
Reviewer : kingcole - favorite favorite - February 3 , 2008
Subject :
Oh my god .
lmfao
This video is so inaccurate in it 's metaphors and although it is hilarious , it 's so intolerant .
And since when does a Lego machine smoke ?
XD
That piece had no place in the entire machines mechanic system and the whole thing blew up .
I really hope that the person below me is joking .
Anyone who 's scared from this needs a reality check .
Drugs are sort of like some of the things .
But I must say that other than to laugh at ( and I mean get a kick out of ) this video is pointless !
Shoot it just makes me want to go do some drugs and watch again so I can laugh my ass off at how ridiculous it really is .
- February 3 , 2008 Oh my god .
Reviewer : Hank Chinaski - favorite favorite favorite favorite - November 18 , 2007
Subject : about this , dear lord .
this scared shit out of me , literally .
now i'll be having nightmares about this , dear lord .
- November 18 , 2007 about this , dear lord .
Reviewer : jspivack - - November 1 , 2007
Subject : Nostalgia trip !
This was made way before ' 79 .
It had to have been made in 1970 or before , because I remember VIVIDLY seeing the film at a Miami Dade Public School when I was in the second grade ( in 1970 ) .
Specifically , the film was shown during a local Cub Scouts meeting at the school .
Coincidentally , my brother was a classmate and fellow scout of David Blood , son of Robert J. Blood who is credited as " production coordinator " for the film .
Mr. Blood made documentary films for a living , and I still remember the editing equipment in his home ( he used primarily 16 mm film ) , and being fascinated by it .
Miami was a great place to be a kid in those days , but not without its problems , including a nascent drug trade .
It probably seemed like all fun and games at the time ( except for worried parents ) , until the first public salvo in the cocaine wars of Miami when Griselda Blanco ( the Godmother of Cocaine ) had her boys shoot up two rival cocaine cowboys ( plus innocent bystanders ) from an armored van at a Dadeland liquor store on July 11 , 1979 .
A few years later , there was crack ...
Those reviewers who find the pace plodding , the dialog stilted , and the metaphors mixed may have a point , but remember that attention spans were longer then ( even for children ) , before the days of information overload and home pc based non-linear editing availability to the masses .
I 'm not saying those times were better , just different , and it helps to view something like this in context .
- November 1 , 2007 Nostalgia trip !
Reviewer : BloodyL - favorite favorite - July 25 , 2007
Subject : Drugs are like that ..... like what ?
A pretty dull film whose only saving grace is the lego machine .
As has already been noted , the dialogue between the kids is awful beyond belief , almost every other word is " What ? " , so much so that I begun to consider that the film was sponsored by the American Council of What ?. - July 25 , 2007 Drugs are like that ..... like what ?
Reviewer : The Chimp - favorite favorite favorite favorite - May 10 , 2007
Subject : Drugs are like What ?
I was subjected to such films in the late seventies by well meaning ( or bored ) teachers .
Rather than having the desired effect these films mostly encouraged children to take drugs .
This film is best viewed and understood if you are * on* drugs ...
A boy named Shannon ?
Gotta love that song !
- May 10 , 2007 Drugs are like What ?
Reviewer : Rotted - favorite - April 28 , 2007
Subject : oh come on If my kids watch this film , they would be really scared of living .
Because " drugs are like everything " .
It is not a film for all kind of minds .
I bet u some other children , besides mine , will understand something different .
Fear to live , or maybe " hey , let 's take some drugs , anyway we can be swallowed by the lake "
And at the end , if u change a little piece of this master machine , everything will be spoiled .. come on , are we so stupid ?
that 's an insult for human being .
our minds and bodies are so flexible , of course not everybody could live taking drugs , there are many machines that are cheap - qualited .
haaha .
You guys keep on praying , the lord will come ( from nowhere ) and save u from the sin .
- April 28 , 2007oh come on
Reviewer : Larry Gilbert - favorite favorite favorite favorite - April 19 , 2007
Subject :
The hell with the drugs ... I want those Lego pieces !
Those are bad - ass !!
- April 19 , 2007
The hell with the drugs
Reviewer : silvertwinz - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - September 21 , 2006
Subject : this review is like that too ... the pictures of the falling shower of pills is kinda neat .
seeing someone making doobies out of rolled toilet paper is not .
with all the bright pictures , it makes me think drungs are spiffy , but the analogies are pretty strange .
all in all this is what i learned :
drugs are in many pretty colors and look appealing .
lockup the cookie jar from your kids .
even binkies can and are seen as crack for babies .
do n't get dizzy and play ball ' cause you 'll suck at it .
do n't go out into the lake ' cause it will eat you and burp up your bones later .
and finally - - do n't blow smoke over moving lego parts or they will explode .
enjoyable , but really , really strange .
- September 21 , 2006 this review is like that too ...
Reviewer : Woofpop - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - August 26 , 2006
Subject : Back in elementary school in Ft Lauderdale in 73 ...
I believe that this was a compilation of PSA 's that date back nearly a decade before 1979 , with the kids - Lego wraparound from later .
I remember the hopscotch , spinning swing and cookie jar spots from when I was in elementary school in the early 70's - shown on a 16 mm projector , of course !
This is worth it for the " floating pills and syringes " spot alone !
A couple of years ago , I was trying to describe this same segment to some friends who did not recall it - now I have proof that it exists !!!
Thankyouthankyouthankyou !
- August 26 , 2006 Back in elementary school in Ft Lauderdale in 73 ...
Reviewer : cyclic - favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 4 , 2006
Subject : this is like something else ...
Both surreal and comical , I suspect that it was made by people who had taken a lot of hallucinogens ( possibly during the making of the film ) , after being paid by rabid anti-drug / homosexuality / free thought christians to educate kids on the danger of drugs .
I especially enjoyed the end where the metaphor of the mechanical lego is explained : " People are like machines , so stay in your place "
Also , great song !
- January 4 , 2006 this is like something else ...
Reviewer : Spuzz - favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 1 , 2006
Subject :
This is a review .
A what ?
Extremely bizarre film about what makes drugs .. well .. bad .
2 laughably dressed kids in even a more laughably decorated house talk about drugs .
What ?
You know , drugs !
The kids discuss this while putting together this wicked ass contraption from Lego .
From what ?
You know , Lego .
What is WRONG with these kids ?
Why do they have to have everything repeated twice ?
Anyways , the girl apparently had a lecture about drugs , and why theyÃÂÃÂre bad for you .
No real hard evidence , apparently it was the beating around the bush approach they were going for .
You know , Swimming is fun , but it can also be dangerous as well !
Drugs are like that !
DonÃÂÃÂt reach for the cookie jar , you might fall and hurt yourself !
Drugs are like that .
You can be really good in baseball , but sometimes youÃÂÃÂre not !
Drugs are like that .
Inane comparision after inane comparison are shown .
And oh right , Miss Anita ÃÂÃÂhomosexuals are evilÃÂÃÂ Bryant ( love that ÃÂÃÂMissÃÂÃÂ in front of her name ! ) narrates .
So you know itÃÂÃÂs true .
- January 1 , 2006
This is a review .
A what ?
Reviewer : left wing films - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - December 2 , 2005
Subject : Lego goes wild hilarious short film selling cheap a bunch a lies to american kids about drugs .
Two kids make analogies of to drug related problems while one of them builts up a lego
The best part is where we see the smoke around the Lego , oh its so true ...
drugs are bad ?
Well that s not the point but frighting and lying seems to be the normal standard for american education which is sad ...
besides that the film is totally fun to watch
5 stars for the amazing irony and nice shots of legos and drugs falling loop .
Its totally worth the download !
- December 2 , 2005
Lego goes wild
Reviewer : Christine Hennig - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - October 2 , 2005
Subject : What About Weird , Trippy Classroom Films ?
Drugs Are Like That , Too This 60s anti-drug film for kids is one weird trip , man .
Two kids play with Legos and talk about drugs .
This is used as a springboard to make very far - fetched analogies about drug use .
Example :
The game ÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂStep on a Crack , Break Your MotherÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂs BackÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂ
is like drugs because it can get to be a habit if you do it too much .
The analogies are all presented in a hippy trippy style that makes you think the director was abusing certain substances , which IÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂd say undercuts its message just a bit .
It begins and ends with a very bad folkie anti-drug theme song .
This description doesnÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂt begin to convey the weird , disturbing mood of this film .
The ending is particularly disturbing and yet kooky as well , featuring as it does the metaphor that growing up is like walking down a dangerous , unknown street .
This is definitely a classic of the anti-drug genre , being the closest thing I can think of to a film that could actually drive a kid to abuse substances .
Ratings : Camp / Humor Value : *****.
Weirdness : *****. Historical Interest : *****.
Overall Rating : *****. - October 2 , 2005 What About Weird , Trippy Classroom Films ?
Drugs Are Like That , Too
Reviewer : DrKnapp - favorite favorite favorite - September 28 , 2005
Subject : Drugs -
They 're not just for breakfast anymore !
This " scare - to - care " film is comprised of a bewildering cornucopia of incompatible styles : campy , serious , patronizing , dream - sequence bits , and Lego advertisement .
The plodding pacing , inane dialogue and occasional cartoon sound effects leaves the viewer both bored and confused as to the seriousness of the subject matter .
The only thing consistent in this absurd film is the condescending narrative squeal of the famously futile homophobe , Anita Bryant ( Oy ! ) .
This lame project was probably the only thing she could get hired for in ' 79 .
The lesson here is that you can get cheap laughs without getting high - just watch this drowsy film .
Goofing value : 9.5 , Educational value : 2 . - September 28 , 2005 Drugs -
They 're not just for breakfast anymore !
Reviewer : thingfish - favorite favorite favorite - August 25 , 2005
Subject : Best Folk Song Ever
The song absolutely does it for me .
A mellow , feel - good , James Taylor - ish acoustic piece .
First rate absurdity .
- August 25 , 2005 Best Folk Song Ever
Reviewer : noodhoog - favorite favorite favorite favorite - June 29 , 2005
Subject : Danger !
Not taking drugs may damage memory
If the kids in this movie are anything to go by as examples of drug free living , then we should probably all rush out and pump ourselves full of as many drugs as possible .
Their conversations typically sound like this :
" I saw a lady today "
" A what ? "
" A lady "
" What did she say ? "
" Who ? "
" The lady . "
" Which lady ? "
" What ? "
" The lady you saw .
What did she say ? "
" She told us about a baby "
" A what ? "
" A baby . "
" What about a baby ..? "
" What baby ? "
and so on ...
That aside , this is a great little film .
A must watch for any afficionados of illicit substances .
Many parts are just downright surreal .
Very trippy .
But then , Drugs Are Like That .
- June 29 , 2005 Danger !
Not taking drugs may damage memory
Reviewer : chadwys - favorite favorite - March 26 , 2005
Subject : HAHA !
Drukqs ...
It 's worth downloading for the jolly fat man dancing around like a moron .
That 'll go great in my music vid ... - March 26 , 2005HAHA !
Drukqs ...
Reviewer : Karma Hawk - favorite favorite favorite favorite - March 23 , 2005
Subject :
So where can I buy those type of Legos anywyay ?
This film attempts to make various comparisons between drugs and various everyday things ( IE : Playing Baseball , Swimming ) .
It attempts to do this all the while focusing on a wierd seemingly out of place narative about two kids plating with motorized legos .
Aparently the Legos are supposed to represent humans and if one falls out of place we are all doomed aparently , which makes more sense in the context of the movie than of me trying to explain it .
But speaking of legos where can I get some of those , the legos they play with have all sorts of wires and wierd circular pieced pieces that I 've never seen before , which today make this horribly outdated .
It also features a cheesy song called ( you guessed it ) " Drugs are like that " - March 23 , 2005
So where can I buy those type of Legos anywyay ?
Reviewer : martini66 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - March 7 , 2005
Subject : Reverse Effect Cult Classic
This movie is too funny , and I would n't recommend it for children to watch AT ALL .
It makes psychedelia look much too inviting .
Kids are too impressionable at that age .
Some 30 years later , I still have n't forgotten it .
In fact , it had such a compelling impact on my friends & I in the 6th grade , that we just could n't wait to get our hands on some !
All the pretty colored pills cascading down were mesmerizing .
" Gee I wonder how the yellow ones make you feel " .
Well , we found out in a big hurry .
Some of my fellow classmates have not been as fortunate as I to joke about it today .
In retrospect , the kids in the film are so irritating that they alone might lead one into drug abuse .
So great job Anita for making me the proud drug user and homosexual I am today !
Thank you !
LESSON : Legos lead directly into heroin addiction - March 7 , 2005 Reverse Effect Cult Classic
Victoria Beckham showed she is more than ready to cope with soccer mom duties alone as she cheered her oldest son Brooklyn on as he took part in a football match .
While David plans a winter move to Italian side AC Milan , the 34 - year - old adjusted to being a single soccer mother as she sat pitch - side to watch her eldest son .
The mother - of - three dressed down in jeans and a white T - shirt with the words ‘ What comes around goes around ’ emblazoned across it and swapped her usual high - heels for flip - flops as she mingled with fellow mothers .
Nine - year - old Brooklyn - who spent some of the game on the bench - was already showing signs of father David Beckham 's footballing talent as he raced across the field confidently .
And Victoria appears to already to be getting used to doing things on her own before David plans to decamp to Italy , as the family have no plans to move back to Europe .
Beckham has told reporters that he has his wife 's full support after it was revealed that he will return to Europe after signing for AC Milan .
But a source told Closer magazine that Victoria does have some concerns about David being so far away in the glamorous Italian city .
The last time David was separated from his family for a long period - in 2004 when he was playing for Real Madrid - there were allegations of an affair with his then PA , Rebecca Loos .
David , 33 , insisted that he would not uproot his family again .
‘ Just because I 'm playing in Europe it does n't mean that the whole family has to again re-route .
‘ I 've obviously discussed it with Victoria .
I 'll be playing there , she 'll be there as much as possible and so will the kids , but obviously the kids have got school and Victoria has got her own work to do , ’ he added .
‘ We 've not decided the details yet but the family will be there as much as possible because I think that 's important . ’
However , Victoria expressed fears that David 's devotion to his family will ruin his health trying to maintain a long - distance marriage , with constant flying back an forth .
A source told Closer : ' She 's worried about David as he struggles to criss - cross the globe and feels it 'll only get worse .
' Victoria knows he 'll be lonely without the family and will try to come home all the time and exhaust himself . '
The footballer is moving to Milan on loan from his club , LA Galaxy , after England coach Fabio Capello said he could not be considered for the World Cup qualifiers unless he was playing club football in Europe at the time .
He will spend between two and four months there , starting in January .
McCain tells a tall tale ?
In December , when most of the leading presidential candidates were releasing holiday - themed ads , John McCain — who ’s “ reluctant ” to talk about his service during Vietnam — was able to combine two messages in a single campaign commercial : “ One night , after being mistreated as a POW , a guard loosened the ropes binding me , easing my pain .
On Christmas , that same guard approached me , and without saying a word , he drew a cross in the sand .
We stood wordlessly looking at the cross , remembering the true light of Christmas . ”
It ’s a story McCain has not only put in his ads , but has also repeated for several years , including over the weekend , at the forum at Rick Warren ’s Saddleback Church .
Yesterday , however , questions arose about its veracity .
According to a very persuasive Daily Kos diary , the anecdote McCain told about a North Vietnamese prison guard making a cross in the dirt as a sign of solidarity — or as he said , “ just two Christians worshiping together ” — is very similar to a story about Alexander Solzhenitsyn and his times in the Soviet Gulags .
“ As Solzhenitsyn stared at the Cross drawn in the dirt his entire perspective changed .
He knew he was only one man against the all - powerful Soviet empire .
Yet he knew there was something greater than the evil he saw in the prison camp , something greater than the Soviet Union .
He knew that hope for all people was represented by that simple Cross .
Through the power of the Cross , anything was possible . ”
Steven Waldman notes that McCain ’s recounting of this story has changed over the years and “ has gradually morphed from being about the humanity of the guard to being about the Christian faith of the guard and John McCain . ”
Is it possible that Solzhenitsyn and McCain had extremely similar experiences ?
Of course it is .
Coincidences happen .
But there ’s reason to be suspicious about whether McCain ’s powerful anecdote is apocryphal .
Ezra noted :
When he returned from captivity , McCain wrote a 12,000 word memoir for US News and World Report .
The role of religion is emphasized , and the rare glimpses of humanity in his captors is detailed .
The story of the guard and the cross is notably absent .
In 1974 , McCain is invited by Ronald Reagan to a prayer breakfast .
He tells a powerful story about the sustenance he found when spirituality crept in the cracks of his captivity .
He does not tell the story of the guard .
It first appears , as far as anyone can tell , in 1999 , in McCain ’s book , Faith of my Fathers .
It reappears in this 2000 speech , though it ’s slightly ambiguous whether McCain is saying it happened to him or another prisoner ( my read , unlike this Kos diarist , is that McCain is referring to himself . )
Minor details change over time — in one version the guard draws with a sandal , in another with a stick — but the basic shape remains pretty constant .
There may be nothing here .
But McCain is a huge Solzhenitsyn fan .
And the enthusiasm with which he repeats this story in his presidential incarnation contrasts oddly with his apparent reticence to mention the moment — even when talking about religion and captivity — in the thirty years before his presidential run .
Hilzoy recommends caution , arguing that “ people should be very wary of leaping to conclusions ” on this .
Quite right .
McCain has made this story an important part of his campaign , and it may very well be true .
He may have an explanation for the possible discrepancy .
I ’d also add that , in general , I think it ’s a huge mistake to go after McCain ’s experiences as a prisoner of war to score political points .
( Though , it ’s worth noting , that questions about the anecdote were first raised by McCain ’s critics on the right , not the left . )
I also believe , however , that McCain , through the course of his campaign , has been playing fast and loose with the truth .
A lot .
If McCain is using a powerful , emotional story that is n’t true , voters deserve to hear about it .
What stands a better chance of surviving 50 years from now , a framed photograph or a 10 - megabyte digital photo file on your computer 's hard drive ?
The framed photograph will inevitably fade and yellow over time , but the digital photo file may be unreadable to future computers - an unintended consequence of our rapidly digitizing world that may ultimately lead to a " digital dark age , " says Jerome P. McDonough , assistant professor in the Graduate School of Library and Information Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign .
According to McDonough , the issue of a looming digital dark age originates from the mass of data spawned by our ever - growing information economy - at last count , 369 exabytes worth of data , including electronic records , tax files , e-mail , music and photos , for starters .
( An exabyte is 1 quintillion bytes ; a quintillion is the number 1 followed by 18 zeroes . )
The concern for archivists and information scientists like McDonough is that , with ever - shifting platforms and file formats , much of the data we produce today could eventually fall into a black hole of inaccessibility .
" If we can't keep today 's information alive for future generations , " McDonough said , " we will lose a lot of our culture . "
Contrary to popular belief , electronic data has proven to be much more ephemeral than books , journals or pieces of plastic art .
After all , when was the last time you opened a WordPerfect file or tried to read an 8 - inch floppy disk ?
" Even over the course of 10 years , you can have a rapid enough evolution in the ways people store digital information and the programs they use to access it that file formats can fall out of date , " McDonough said .
Magnetic tape , which stores most of the world 's computer backups , can degrade within a decade .
According to the National Archives Web site by the mid-1970s , only two machines could read the data from the 1960 U.S. Census : One was in Japan , the other in the Smithsonian Institution .
Some of the data collected from NASA 's 1976 Viking landing on Mars is unreadable and lost forever .
From a cultural perspective , McDonough said there 's a " huge amount " of content that 's only being developed or is available in a digital - only format .
" E-mail is a classic example of that , " he said .
" It runs both the modern business world and government .
If that information is lost , you 've lost the archive of what has actually happened in the modern world .
We 've seen a couple of examples of this so far . "
McDonough cited the missing White House e-mail archive from the run-up to the Iraq War , a violation of the Presidential Records Act .
" With the current state of the technology , data is vulnerable to both accidental and deliberate erasure , " he said .
" What we would like to see is an environment where we can make sure that data does not die due to accidents , malicious intent or even benign neglect . "
McDonough also cited Barack Obama 's political advertising inside the latest editions of the popular videogames " Burnout Paradise " and " NBA Live " as an example of something that ought to be preserved for future generations but could possibly be lost because of the proprietary nature of videogames and videogame platforms .
" It 's not a matter of just preserving the game itself .
There are whole parts of popular and political culture that we wo n't be able to preserve if we can't preserve what 's going on inside the gaming world . "
McDonough believes there would also be an economic effect to the loss of data from a digital dark age .
" We would essentially be burning money because we would lose the huge economic investment libraries and archives have made digitizing materials to make them accessible , " he said .
" Governments are likewise investing huge sums to make documents available to the public in electronic form . "
To avoid a digital dark age , McDonough says that we need to figure out the best way to keep valuable data alive and accessible by using a multi-prong approach of migrating data to new formats , devising methods of getting old software to work on existing platforms , using open - source file formats and software , and creating data that 's " media - independent . "
" Reliance on open standards is certainly a huge part , but it's not the only part , " he said .
" If we want information to survive , we really need to avoid formats that depend on a particular media type .
Commercial DVDs that employ protection schemes make it impossible for libraries to legally transfer the content to new media .
When the old media dies , the information dies with it . "
Enthusiasm for switching from proprietary software such as Microsoft 's Office suite to open - source software such as OpenOffice has only recently begun to gather momentum outside of information technology circles .
" Software companies have seen the benefits of locking people into a platform and have been very resistant to change , " McDonough said .
" Now we are actually starting to see some market mandates in the open direction . "
McDonough cites Brazil , the Netherlands and Norway as examples of countries that have mandated the use of non-proprietary file formats for government business .
" There has been quite a movement , particularly among governments , to say : ' We 're not going to buy software that uses proprietary file formats exclusively .
You 're going to have to provide an open format so we can escape from the platform , ' " he said .
" With that market demand , you really did see some more pressure on vendors to move to something open . "
###
Editor 's note : To contact Jerome McDonough , call 217-244-5916 ; e-mail jmcdonou@illinois.edu
A nearby solar system bears a striking similarity to our own solar system , raising the possibility it could harbor Earth - like planets .
Epsilon Eridani , located about 10.5 light - years from our sun , is surrounded by two asteroid belts that are shaped by planets , astronomers at SETI Institute and Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics announced today .
But it 's the possibility that currently undetected smaller planets could lie within the innermost asteroid belt that make the solar system intriguing to astrobiologists .
" This system probably looks a lot like ours did when life first took root on Earth , " said SETI 's Dana Backman , lead author of a paper on the 850 - million - year - old star that will appear next year in The Astrophysical Journal , in a release .
Back then , the Kuiper Belt of space objects beyond Neptune was much larger .
Over time , many of those objects fell into the inner solar system during a period about four billion years ago known as the Late Heavy Bombardment .
The barrage of large asteroids pockmarked the rocky planets and possibly created our moon when a large object collided with Earth , expelling a huge amount of material into space .
Epsilon Eridani's evolution could provide insight into how universal these processes are .
That 's important because our solar system contains a planet — Earth —
just far enough from the sun not to be fried but close enough to capture enough energy to support life as we know it .
Similar systems could end up with planets orbiting in the same biological sweet spot .
" Epsilon Eridani looks a lot like the young solar system , so it 's conceivable that it will evolve similarly , " said astronomer Massimo Marengo of the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics , a co-author of the paper .
Right now , Epsilon Eridani is surrounded by three asteroid rings that scientists believe are held in formation by large planets , the first of which is theorized to sit about half the distance from Mars to Jupiter .
In the new paper , two other large planets , slightly farther from their star than Uranus and Neptune are from the sun , are proposed to explain the shape of the outer belts .
It will take more sensitive instruments — perhaps like the next - generation of planet - hunting telescopes — to determine whether any would - be Earths lurk inside the habitable zone near the star .
Image Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed and webpage ; Wired Science on Facebook .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Hewlett - Packard
Co on Wednesday will unveil a new mini -notebook in a move to gain ground in the fastest - growing PC category , which until now has been dominated by its smaller rivals .
Hewlett - Packard 's new Mini 1000 notebook .
Netbooks -- ultraportable , inexpensive laptops designed for Web browsing and light tasks -- have taken the PC market by storm this year .
REUTERS /HP / Handout
Netbooks -- ultraportable , inexpensive laptops designed for Web browsing and light tasks -- have taken the PC market by storm this year , with smaller computer firms such as Acer Inc and Asustek Computer Inc leading the charge .
HP ’s sleek new Mini 1000 , costing about $ 400 , is significantly different from the company ’s first netbook release , launched last spring .
It uses Intel Corp ’s Atom processor , and is also substantially less expensive , signaling that the price war in netbooks that some analysts have been predicting may have begun .
Although still a fraction of the overall PC market , netbooks ’ popularity could lead to changes in the pecking order of PC makers and cut into margins and profitability as average selling prices come down .
In the third quarter , Acer gained ground on HP and Dell Inc , with a big assist from mini-notebooks .
According to industry tracker IDC , Acer ’s total shipments leaped more than 50 percent , and the company ’s share of the overall PC market climbed more than 3 percentage points to 12.5 percent .
HP , although still the top - selling PC maker , saw its overall market share dip slightly to 18.8 percent , and was outsold in Europe by Acer .
Analysts said the company was impacted by its delayed entry into the mini-notebook market .
Bob O’Donnell , vice president at IDC , estimates 10.8 million netbooks will ship in 2008 , out of the more than 300 million overall PC shipments forecast for the year .
He expects netbook shipments to jump to 20.8 million in 2009 .
Carlos Montalvo , vice president of marketing in HP ’s managed home business , said the Mini 1000 is a superior product to the “ second - and third - tier ” offerings from competitors , which he said have been “ over - optimized ” for size and price , and lack HP ’s consistency and quality .
Without releasing specific numbers , Montalvo said HP ’s first netbook , which was targeted at the education market , was “ phenomenally successful . ”
However , he said the Mini 1000 is aiming for a broader audience .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
The new netbook will start at $ 399 for a version running Microsoft Corp ’s Windows XP , jumping to $ 549 for a fully loaded model .
The company ’s first netbook , the 2133 , starts at $ 599 and tops out at $ 749 , features a Via chip and runs Windows Vista .
HP will also offer a Mini 1000 that runs Linux for $ 379 , as well as a special edition designed by fashion designer Vivienne Tam for $ 699 .
The netbooks will all feature a keyboard that is 92 percent the size of a standard keyboard , and will weigh less than three pounds .
NETBOOKS ROLE DEBATABLE
Although Montalvo views HP ’s netbooks as complementary products , which a consumer would own in addition to their desktop or full - sized laptop , analysts do n’t necessarily see it the same way .
Jayson Noland , an analyst with Robert Baird , said last week that netbooks ’ place in the PC universe is still undefined .
“ I do n’t think any of us knows yet whether it ’s a substitute product or a complementary one , ” said Noland .
“ In some markets in a mature economy like the U.S. or Western Europe it could be complementary , and in an emerging market it could be substitute . ”
Also uncertain is netbooks ’ impact on the balance sheet .
IDC ’s O’Donnell fully expects to see a price war in netbooks , as companies try to boost sales to make up for the low price points .
“ If you ’re down to $ 300 , then your profit margin goes away , so you have to make it up in volume .
Their goal is all about high volume , low margin , and I think that ’s going to be a challenge . ”
Noland said both HP and Dell have been a little late to catch on to the appeal of netbooks , but he expects them to regroup without much trouble .
Dell introduced its first netbook in September .
However , Apple has been openly dismissive of the product .
Apple Inc Chief Executive Steve Jobs , on a conference call after the company ’s earnings , said the iPhone does many of the things that netbooks do , and said there were markets that the company was just not interested in .
“ There are some customers which we choose not to serve .
We do n’t know how to make a $ 500 computer that ’s not a piece of junk . ”
mrfredman
off on an adventure
Level 4off on an adventure Gang Garrison II ( FINISHED ) [ NEW WEBSITE ] « on : August 07 , 2008 , 11:43:43 AM
»
Now we have a website !
Check it out and download the latest version there !
http://ganggarrison.com
http://www.uni-koblenz.de/~smaxein/GangGarrison2.zip
Version 1.0 download :
Old Update !
Since the release of version 1.0 there has been a lot of interest in continuing development in this game , by the creators as well as by our growing fan base .
MedO has done a few updates , and ( after a bit of drama ) we have added some new members to our development team , who have contributed some updates as well .
The latest versions include new maps , a functional spy , more balanced gameplay , and mostly stable networking code .
Also , a big thanks to Zephro and Vaati for the updated versions ,
and another big thanks to HELLTRIKKY and Stefan , and all the others contributing maps and art to this game .
This game is technically open - source at this point , so that those who are interesting in contributing will be able to do so .
We just hope that if you want to work on the game , you 'll stop by and say hi and discuss your plans with us here .
We really only want one person releasing new versions at a time so that things can stay coordinated and organized , but if you think you want to have a go , just let us know and we can figure something out .
One last quick thing , if you are having trouble playing the latest versions ( because they are buggy ) , do n't be afraid to try version 1.0 .
It is the most stable version , thing 's have n't changed THAT much , and there are still plenty of people playing it ( I hope ) .
Controls :
N - Change Team
M- Change Class
WASD - movement
Mouse - aim
LMB - Fire
RMB - alt - Fire
LShift - view score / players
Credits
Code - MedO
Art - mrfredman
Sound - Synnah
Video :
Screenshots :
-- First Post --
Yes , it 's another Team Fortress remake .
Yes , I know someone is already working on that , but thanks to sick panda , we were working blind there for a few days .
Yes , ours is totally gonna be better .
Thanks for asking .
Myself and MedO are working on a TF2 bootleg demake as well !
Sadly , I do n't have any pretty art to sell it with right this second , but you just wait , it will come , and you will be amazed !
Our goal is to get some actual internet multiplayer going and provide a super - fantastic online realm catered for those who want to work together and blow away their opponents in a 2d fashion .
More to come soon !
just let me finish getting some artwork together ...
Now we have a website !
Check it out and download the latest version there !
Old Update !
Since the release of version 1.0 there has been a lot of interest in continuing development in this game , by the creators as well as by our growing fan base .
MedO has done a few updates , and ( after a bit of drama ) we have added some new members to our development team , who have contributed some updates as well .
The latest versions include new maps , a functional spy , more balanced gameplay , and mostly stable networking code .
Also , a big thanks to Zephro and Vaati for the updated versions , and another big thanks to HELLTRIKKY and Stefan , and all the others contributing maps and art to this game .
This game is technically open - source at this point , so that those who are interesting in contributing will be able to do so .
We just hope that if you want to work on the game , you 'll stop by and say hi and discuss your plans with us here .
We really only want one person releasing new versions at a time so that things can stay coordinated and organized , but if you think you want to have a go , just let us know and we can figure something out .
One last quick thing , if you are having trouble playing the latest versions ( because they are buggy ) , do n't be afraid to try version 1.0 .
It is the most stable version , thing 's have n't changed THAT much , and there are still plenty of people playing it ( I hope ) .
N - Change TeamM- Change ClassWASD - movementMouse - aimLMB - FireRMB - alt - FireLShift - view score / playersCode - MedOArt - mrfredmanSound - Synnah -- First Post -- Yes , it 's another Team Fortress remake .
Yes , I know someone is already working on that , but thanks to sick panda , we were working blind there for a few days .
Yes , ours is totally gonna be better .
Thanks for asking .
Myself and MedO are working on a TF2 bootleg demake as well !
Sadly , I do n't have any pretty art to sell it with right this second , but you just wait , it will come , and you will be amazed !
Our goal is to get some actual internet multiplayer going and provide a super - fantastic online realm catered for those who want to work together and blow away their opponents in a 2d fashion .
More to come soon !
just let me finish getting some artwork together ... « Last Edit : February 10 , 2009 , 07:33:16 PM by mrfredman » Logged
mrfredman
off on an adventure
Level 4off on an adventure Re : Gang Garrison II « Reply # 1 on : August 07 , 2008 , 09:07:37 PM »
Besides the fact that the demoman looks a bit petite , I think that they are pretty good to go !
I think we 're going to be shooting for a slightly more detailed look then our buddies over at Buddy Base II , but overall , they may end up looking somewhat similar .
I 'm just hoping that we will manage to have more expansive gameplay , which should set them apart .
Alrighty , first update !
I 've got all the sprites together so have a look !
Besides the fact that the demoman looks a bit petite , I think that they are pretty good to go !
I think we 're going to be shooting for a slightly more detailed look then our buddies over at Buddy Base II , but overall , they may end up looking somewhat similar .
I 'm just hoping that we will manage to have more expansive gameplay , which should set them apart .
Logged
Danrul
Level 4 Re : Gang Garrison II « Reply # 4 on : August 08 , 2008 , 12:42:00 AM
» This is looking pretty spiff .
If you have online , i might just have to make some babies .
WIth you if you did n't know .
Logged
mrfredman
off on an adventure
Level 4off on an adventure Re : Gang Garrison II « Reply # 5 on : August 08 , 2008 , 08:04:27 AM
» While I am always down to make babies , internet multiplayer rests upon Medo 's shoulders , hes our programming man , I 'm just doing the art .
So when the time comes aim your baby - makers at him !
Logged
mrfredman
off on an adventure
Level 4off on an adventure Re : Gang Garrison II « Reply # 6 on : August 16 , 2008 , 10:34:23 PM
»
We have been making good progress in our quest for online multiplayer goodness , and while it is nowhere near ready for public viewing , we just held our first successful multiplayer test the other day !
We still have n't quite figured out aiming or shooting , but we 're making progress and that 's what counts .
On the art / content front , there is also much to share .
First of all , my first attempt at a background is done , and it looks pretty snazzy .
I call it 2 D fort :
Its like seven times bigger in the actual game , but I figured I 'd be a tease .
I still have to fill in the background of the background , which makes me groan , but we 've got the gamespace sorta worked out so we can start implementing all sorts of gameplay goodies .
I 've also been working on all sorts of sprite animations , mostly boring ones for now ; running , carrying the intel , etc . but once I get some fun death sprites together , I 'll be sure to share them !
I do believe that its time to give this thread a bump with some updates !
We have been making good progress in our quest for online multiplayer goodness , and while it is nowhere near ready for public viewing , we just held our first successful multiplayer test the other day !
We still have n't quite figured out aiming or shooting , but we 're making progress and that 's what counts .
On the art / content front , there is also much to share .
First of all , my first attempt at a background is done , and it looks pretty snazzy .
I call it 2 D fort : Its like seven times bigger in the actual game , but I figured I 'd be a tease .
I still have to fill in the background of the background , which makes me groan , but we 've got the gamespace sorta worked out so we can start implementing all sorts of gameplay goodies .
I 've also been working on all sorts of sprite animations , mostly boring ones for now ; running , carrying the intel , etc . but once I get some fun death sprites together , I 'll be sure to share them !
Logged
mrfredman
off on an adventure
Level 4off on an adventure Re : Gang Garrison II « Reply # 8 on : August 17 , 2008 , 12:23:31 AM
» Honestly , not sure yet .
I think we 're gonna try for mouse aim ( or else how are we gonna do snipers ? ) but it may wind up being totally retro , or else with three directions of aiming ( up , straight ahead , and down ) .
We 're bending a few rules when it comes to retro / demake standards , seeing as no systems of yesteryear really had internet multiplayer , but we 'll see what happens .
Logged
MedO
Level 1 Re : Gang Garrison II « Reply # 11 on : August 17 , 2008 , 04:42:00 AM
» I 'm currently working with Soldat - style mouse aim , but using the keyboard to aim to give it a more retro feel could be implemented quite easily .
We 'll probably try both and end up using what 's more fun .
Logged
medieval Guest
Re : Gang Garrison II « Reply # 12 on : August 17 , 2008 , 04:45:33 AM
» For extra retro-ness , you should make people buy some weird extra adapter in order to play online .
Logged
jph wacheski
It 's only a matter of folding time and space , ..
Level 1
It 's only a matter of folding time and space , .. Re : Gang Garrison II « Reply # 14 on : August 19 , 2008 , 10:50:16 AM
» Ha , nice work !
i lov tha art so far , .
just not sure if there will be enough movement options in the 2d map , .
need to have a couple ways around and out of the spawns , . good luck with this , .
also looks like it would make a decent 2d tower defence type game actualy , . all the different units , . and the spawn rooms asthe castles , . would be very diferent gameplay , . but may work if you can't get the 2d mouse shooter stuff to be any fun , . . « Last Edit : August 19 , 2008 , 02:08:58 PM by jph wacheski » Logged http://iterationGAMES.com
http://jph_wacheski.itch.io/
all my itch.io games are now pay - what - you - like all my itch .
io games are now pay - what - you - like
MedO
Level 1 Re : Gang Garrison II « Reply # 15 on : August 19 , 2008 , 02:56:10 PM
» I 'm very sure there will be a 2d shooter game , it would be a waste of a lot of work not to release that , since it 's already half done .
It 's pretty quiet in this thread , but we 're working on this game every day and we 're making good progress .
Networking is pretty much done , apart from tweaks I might implement after some real - world testing , and we 're working on the different weapons now .
You 'll get a demo soon .
Logged
Danrul
Level 4 Re : Gang Garrison II « Reply # 16 on : August 19 , 2008 , 10:34:36 PM
» Man , this is spiff .
Although , it does need more options as far as getting out of the base goes .
Logged
mrfredman
off on an adventure
Level 4off on an adventure Re : Gang Garrison II « Reply # 17 on : August 21 , 2008 , 11:07:50 PM »
People are saying that the spawn needs more exits , and that there need to be more ways of getting around the base .
Looking at it now , I agree that its super simple , but I 'm trying to make a map based on 2 fort , which is a pretty simple map ; either you go up to the top and snipe , charge across the bridge , or head for the sewers , there is n't much variation .
I want to make the base more complicated and fun to play in , but I do want to try and keep it on three simple floors .
I was thinking of maybe just adding some more open rooms and space to play around in between the different areas .
Or maybe I could have tunnels connecting the spawn to different places .
Maybe just more stairs going different places .
I 'm not sure .
I 'm totally open to any ideas people have about level design .
Please speak up and give me advice !
Keeping in mind that it should roughly be a 2d equivalent of the TF2 2 fort map , how should this level look ?
Ok , on to a new subject .
So , at this point we have the core of this game together , but as the deadline starts to loom on the horizon , we 're starting to realize that this game is crying out for polish .
I mean nothing super fancy , but some necessary basics .
First off we have NO SOUND .
We had n't really thought about that in planning stage , but as this game comes together its absence is starting to become apparent .
So does anyone want to help us with the sound for this game ?
We 'll take anything you 've got in the realm of sound effects and music .
I 'm not sure what we 'll do if we do n't get any help ... maybe just find some generic old fashion stuff floating around on the web .
Anyways :
Help us !
I was also thinking that we could use some pretty menus .
I had an idea , but I 'm not sure if I will have time to actually do it , so I will throw it out to the forums just to see what happens .
I was thinking it would be awesome to have that badass menu image from the actual game :
done in pixel art .
Would n't that look super cool ?
Maybe if I have time and everything else is done I 'll try and take a stab at it , but if someone out there wants to contribute it would be super awesome as well .
OK , lots off stuff to say .
So , as Medo says , we are making lots of progress , I think we 've got the sprite animation mostly done , and things are starting to come together nicely .
The one big project that remains for me is finishing up the background of the background , but since I 'm seeing some criticism on the layout it would be a great time for me to take another crack at that .
People are saying that the spawn needs more exits , and that there need to be more ways of getting around the base .
Looking at it now , I agree that its super simple , but I 'm trying to make a map based on 2 fort , which is a pretty simple map ; either you go up to the top and snipe , charge across the bridge , or head for the sewers , there is n't much variation .
I want to make the base more complicated and fun to play in , but I do want to try and keep it on three simple floors .
I was thinking of maybe just adding some more open rooms and space to play around in between the different areas .
Or maybe I could have tunnels connecting the spawn to different places .
Maybe just more stairs going different places .
I 'm not sure .
I 'm totally open to any ideas people have about level design .
Please speak up and give me advice !
Keeping in mind that it should roughly be a 2d equivalent of the TF2 2 fort map , how should this level look ?
Ok , on to a new subject .
So , at this point we have the core of this game together , but as the deadline starts to loom on the horizon , we 're starting to realize that this game is crying out for polish .
I mean nothing super fancy , but some necessary basics .
First off we have NO SOUND .
We had n't really thought about that in planning stage , but as this game comes together its absence is starting to become apparent .
So does anyone want to help us with the sound for this game ?
We 'll take anything you 've got in the realm of sound effects and music .
I 'm not sure what we 'll do if we do n't get any help ... maybe just find some generic old fashion stuff floating around on the web .
Anyways : I was also thinking that we could use some pretty menus .
I had an idea , but I 'm not sure if I will have time to actually do it , so I will throw it out to the forums just to see what happens .
I was thinking it would be awesome to have that badass menu image from the actual game : done in pixel art .
Would n't that look super cool ?
Maybe if I have time and everything else is done I 'll try and take a stab at it , but if someone out there wants to contribute it would be super awesome as well .
Logged
As Sarah Palin “ aw - shucks -ed ” her way through Thursday ’s debate , she repeatedly played the one card that has become her stock in trade :
She is a real American .
Her rural roots , her lack of sophistication and worldliness , her bare bones education , her plain - spokenness , her moose hunting -- all of these seemed to brand her as a typical American , one of us .
She has even taken to calling herself Jane Sixpack .
This characterization , ludicrous as it may be in a country as diverse as ours , is more than a matter of political aesthetics .
One of the most important components of our recent presidential elections is the redefinition -- actually the narrowing of the definition -- of what constitutes an American .
Since 2000 at least , we ’ve been asking ourselves which candidate is the one we ’d rather belly up to the bar with for a beer .
Never mind George W. Bush ’s Brahmin pedigree and Yale education ; he reinvented himself as a cowboy .
By comparison , Al Gore was ridiculed as a Harvard stiff and John Kerry as Frenchified .
Now Barack Obama is being subjected to the same mockery .
It is tempting to attribute this sort of demagoguery entirely to Republican calculation .
By constantly promoting the notion that Republicans are just a bunch of NASCAR fans and that Democrats are effete , the GOP has successfully divided the country not between red and blue politics but between one version of America and another , between the allegedly authentic and the allegedly inauthentic .
But in reality , Republicans have only been exploiting a vein deep within the American consciousness .
And who can blame them ?
What Republicans realize is that most Americans always have been desperately afraid of being seen as phony , and they are actively hostile toward anyone with airs .
In fact , liberty is only one foundation of America .
The nation rests just as securely on fear and resentment .
In the beginning , that resentment was understandably directed against the British .
American rebels needed a strong sense of identity , something that would anoint them as unique and fill them with pride .
And although the founding fathers may have embraced elitism and looked askance on true democracy , ordinary Americans nurtured a particular vision of themselves as homespun , pragmatic and lacking the affectations of Europe .
In short , real .
Advertisement
One of the first national icons was Daniel Boone -- uneducated , adventurous , a man of action rather than intellect who , in his buckskins , could n’t have been more different from the typical Englishman and who , historian Richard Slotkin has written , was the perfect model “ when the newly independent nation was looking for some self - image appropriate to its stature and ideology . ”
Boone was a NASCAR frontiersman .
It was n’t long before the equation of rustic - with - real permeated the culture , from the “ Leatherstocking ” novels of James Fenimore Cooper early in the 19th century right through to the novels of Henry James , who wrote about honest American innocents swindled by European connivers , late in the century .
And then as now , politicians felt obligated to demonstrate their rusticated roots or else be accused of aristocratic arrogance , America ’s cardinal sin .
That ’s why a well - off railroad attorney named Abraham Lincoln was promoted as a penniless bumpkin rail splitter , and why even Daniel Webster made it clear to opponents that he was born in a log cabin .
But it was Andrew Jackson , a Democrat , who converted “ common man ” appeal into a political movement and gave the rustic - as - real definition power .
Jackson understood American resentments .
He understood that ordinary Americans fought condescension ( and class divisions ) by reveling in the very behaviors that elicited that condescension from their social and economic betters .
And he understood that most Americans liked to define themselves as much by what they were not as by what they were , what they hated as much as what they loved .
One of his campaign slogans in 1828 boasted that the election pitted “ John Quincy Adams who can write ” against “ Andrew Jackson who can fight . ”
Frankly , the idea of who is a real American has n’t changed much since then , though it did take a detour .
Industrialization and urbanization attacked the very roots of the old Boone / Jackson idea of backwoods authenticity .
As more and more Americans left the farm for the city , as more worked on assembly lines , as more immigrants came from overseas , they no longer resembled Natty Bumppo .
Real Americans were now as likely to wear blue collars as plaid shirts and overalls ( not to mention buckskins ) because real Americans were quite simply those who were not unreal Americans -- elitists , snobs , intellectuals , socialists and other categories of cosmopolitan strivers .
Advertisement
Still , if the basis of authenticity did n’t change much , the political exploitation of it did .
Seizing on the new blue - collar cohort , Franklin Roosevelt reinvigorated the Jacksonian identification of real Americans with the Democratic Party , in part by responding to their economic grievances but also by labeling Republicans as the party of the wealthy and culturally superior -- that old American raw nerve .
( Never mind FDR ’s actual “ to the manner born ” identity . )
And that ’s when it began to get tricky .
Having lost the battle for real Americans during the Depression , the Republican Party sought to regain the populist initiative by redefining its opposition as elite .
A large part of Sen. Joseph McCarthy ’s appeal was that he recast the Cold War in cultural terms .
On one side were the real Americans -- salt - of - the - earth patriots .
And on the other side were the modern equivalents of the once - detested Englishmen -- Ivy League - educated , supercilious mandarins like Alger Hiss who , in this new formulation , preferred European communism to American common sense .
In effect , McCarthy re-politicized American identity by not just denying the Americanness of anyone who was n’t working class or rural , but by turning them into traitors , which neither Jackson nor Roosevelt had attempted .
--
McCarthy ’s equation did n’t really take hold until the Vietnam War , when opposition itself would be cast as un-American .
This was Richard Nixon ’s major contribution to our political taxonomy .
For Nixon , America was cleaved between the vast Silent Majority ( real ) who agreed with him , supported the war and detested protesters and pointy - headed academics , and those protesters and academics who disagreed with him ( unreal ) .
Advertisement
Republicans have been feasting on this division ever since , and so have the media , most likely because they fear being stigmatized by the same elitism .
Everyone wants to be real , even if being real Americans looks suspiciously like being a hidebound conservative .
It is a neat gambit -- to conflate “ real ” with Republican and “ un- American ” with Democrats -- neater still when there are fewer and fewer Americans who fit the most colorful aspects of authenticity represented by a Sarah Palin .
If the country keeps clinging to this reductive stereotype despite its absurdity , it may be because we have never quite lost those powerful early American impulses .
Our resentments against elitists still burn , our anger against our “ betters ” is still hot , and our fear of being called a phony still roars .
Just ask any Republican .
Yesterday the Philadelphia Flyers announced that a special guest will drop the ceremonial first puck for their home opener against the New York Rangers Saturday night and it's none other than everyone 's favorite moose killer , vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin .
Although Palin has no direct ties to Philadelphia ( no , she can't see it from her backyard ) many have questioned if she 's an appropriate choice .
Flyers owner Ed Snider claims that there 's no ulterior motive , that she 's a wonderful spokesperson for the sport due her strident hockey mom-ness .
But others are suggesting that this is a way for the owner just to force - feed his own political agenda during a crucial election .
h Snider is a very generous GOP donor who also helped bankroll the pro-war ad campaign Freedom Watch , which has always touched a nerve with some of the liberal - minded hockey fans in the city .
Now , Philly Daily News columnist / blogger Will Bunch is calling for hockey fans — both liberals and conservatives alike — to protest Snider 's choice when Palin shuffled out to center ice this Saturday :
Flyers fans should be outraged — even conservative ones , because this misuse of a hockey game for his political agenda is flat out wrong .
I do n't think that Philadelphia fans should boo — we 're all getting a little tired of that stereotype , eh — or act as rude as the people at Palin 's rallies , but I do think that anyone who 's as offended by this as I am should stand up Saturday night and turn their back on Sarah Palin , and especially turn their back on Ed Snider .
And send Snider a message to take his politics off of Philadelphia 's sacred hockey ice and back to the privacy of his his mansion on the Main Line , where it belongs .
Advertisement
This is precisely the reason Palin should n't be anywhere near the Wachovia Center , regardless of how " good " she 's been for hockey during the campaign trail .
If columnists are already calling for some sort of silly protest , there 's already a level of unnecessary tension overshadowing the game .
Most people want to go to sporting events so they do n't have to think about the messy stuff that goes on in the real world .
Regardless if this is done for legitimate promotional reasons , it 's a little too close to the election to have one of its most visible figures sitting in the stands at the game let alone sashaying out to center ice .
Sarah Palin and Ed Snider 's game misconduct [ Philly.com ]
" Potato - potato - potato ! "
Know what that sound is ?
Maybe you do n't recognize the onomatopoeia , but you must certainly know the actual sound .
It 's the " Hog Call , " the rev of a Harley Davidson , and it's one of the most recognized sounds of one of the most recognized brands in the US .
As for " potato - potato - potato , " that 's the sound that Harley tried to trademark back in the '90s .
In 1994 , Harley filed a registration for a trademark of its V - twin engine sound .
It read " the mark consists of the exhaust sound of applicant 's motorcycles , produced by V - twin , common crankpin motorcycle engines when the goods are in use . "
Though it was denied , there are more than a few sound trademark applications that made it through .
About 300 , in fact .
Here are 17 of the most recognized :
1. NBC 's musical notes G , E , C played on chimes .
NBC was the first to trademark a sound for its radio broadcasting services in 1950 .
2. MGM 's lion 's roar
3 . The song " Sweet Georgia Brown " for The Harlem Globetrotters
4. Tetris ' " electronic Russian folkstyle tune , " owned by Elorg Company
5 . Intel 's 5 note ding
6. " D' Oh " spoken by Homer is owned by Fox
7 . The 9 bars of musical chord in the key of B Flat that typically opens a Twentieth Century Fox movie
8. Looney Toons Theme Song , owned by Time Warner
9 . The spoken letters " AT&T " with a music in the background
10 . " Cha - Ching , " owned by Checker 's Restaurants
11 . " Yahoo ! " sung in a yodeling style
12 . Nokia 's default ringtone
13 . Mister Softee 's Jingle
14 . " Hello and Welcome to Moviefone , " owned by America Online
15 .
The sound of the crowd & bell from the New York Stock Exchange 's trading floor
16 . TiVo 's popping sounds ( in 2 and 6 tones )
17 . Pillsbury Doughboy 's giggle
Ca n't you just hear them already ?
If not , head over to the US and Patent Trademark Office where they have each of the sound files ready to refresh your memory .
Be sure to check out more of what Diana learned today here .
While Microsoft executives like to talk about Apple as an insignificant company with less than 5 % of the worldwide market share of all PCs and servers sold , the Mac maker now has more cash than Microsoft and earns more than half of its profits and over three fourths its revenues .
For the quarter ending in September , Microsoft released revenues of $ 15.06 billion , net profits of $ 4.37 billion , and a reserve of cash , cash equivalents , and short - term investments that added up to $ 20.7 billion .
Apple reported $ 7.9 billion in revenues and $ 1.14 billion in net profit , but those numbers do n't include most of its iPhone business , which is hidden away in subscription accounting under GAAP rules .
For that reason , Apple also released its real earnings : $ 11.68 billion in revenue and $ 2.44 billion in net profits .
The company also reported a cash position of $ 24.5 billion .
GREAT MINDS MEET : President George W. Bush in the White House Rose Garden on Oct. 11 , 2008 after meeting with G7 finance ministers and heads of international finance institutions .
Left to right : Chairman of the Financial Stability Forum Mario Draghi , IMF Managing Director Dominique Strauss - Kahn , Eurogroup Chairman and Prime Minister of Luxembourg Jean - Claude Juncker , Japan 's Finance Minister Soichi Nakagawa , Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , France 's Finance Minister Christine LeGarde , Canada 's Finance Minister Jim Flaherty , Britain 's Chancellor of the Exchequer Alister Darling , Italy 's Economy Minister Giulio Tremonti , Germany 's Finance Minister Peer Steinbruck and World Bank President Robert Zoellick .
The global financial crisis of 2008 comes as no great surprise to people who study human behavior and decision - making .
As with love and sex , financial decisions made by individuals , corporations and governments are emotional and tend toward the irrational .
Couple that with the fact that economies are cyclical , and occasional meltdowns are inevitable , researchers say .
" Our reactions to money , like many other decisions in our lives , are guided in part by intellectual experience and in part by our hearts , " said Ellen Peters of Decision Research , which recently polled Americans to learn their level of fear and frustration with the present crisis .
And if history is any guide , this wo n't be the last great mess we get ourselves into .
James Grant , editor of Grant 's Interest Rate Observer , was quoted in The New York Times as also pointing out the irrational side of financial decisions : " People keep stepping on the same rakes because money , like romance , is only partly an intellectual experience .
Money , like sex , brings out some thought — but also much heavy breathing and little stored knowledge . "
Research backs this up .
One of the key irrational mistakes we make over and over is jumping on bandwagons as markets soar or sink .
In one study reported in the Journal of Consumer Research , people were asked to buy and sell virtual stocks that had long histories of either increasing or decreasing earnings .
For the most part , subjects bought winners and sold losers , even though any good advisor will say to " buy low and sell high . "
The bandwagon phenomenon " may explain the hype that surrounds the rapid growth of new products , the escalation in real estate prices in a hot market , and the rise of fads " as well as the insanity of the stock market , wrote Joseph Johnson of the University of Miami and his colleagues .
Irrational biology
Irrationality can be explained rather simply :
We 're only human .
Economists have been slow to grasp this fact , however .
" Traditionally , economics has been a lot about how people ' should ' behave , explains Anna Dreber , a researcher at Harvard University and the Stockholm School of Economics .
" This ' should ' was in some cases pretty far from actual behavior .
But along came behavioral economics , that has for the last decades led to a more realistic view of human nature in economics , and this subfield has been focusing on how people actually behave . "
Case in point : Dreber 's team recently revealed that men with higher testosterone levels and manly faces are more likely to take big financial risks .
How we behave is also rooted in how we learn .
We learn from either evidence or experience , Peters explained .
But we tend to forget experiences that came long ago , which explains why homes get built in 100 - year flood plains .
" Recent experience is that the stock market moves inevitably upwards , " she said .
" Historical data ( not very recent ) , of course , demonstrates that rarely the stock market also goes down considerably , but this gets forgotten as we go about our daily lives . "
As we evaluate risk , some very primitive factors take over to drive often - irrational thinking .
" When people make financial decisions , their emotional , primitive brain is very much involved , " said Camelia M. Kuhnen , an assistant professor of finance at Northwestern University .
" This is not just an intellectual experience . "
When we experience a gain , the brain 's nucleus accumbens — an area associated with reward — is activated .
" This results in us being motivated to go grab that potentially rewarding thing , be it food ( or any other primitive reward ) or money , " said Kuhnen , who studies how risk plays out in the brain .
" So , when we see that stock prices have been going up , I suspect we experience more activation in the brain 's primitive reward area , and we 're motivated to go for it . "
Kuhnen does n't think risk is a bad thing .
" It 's actually necessary for us to be willing to put up with risk , to engage in searching for resources or a better living environment , " she said .
But sometimes , as with the crisis now or the irrational exuberance that led to it , " the voice of reason cannot be heard , since our primitive , emotional brain takes over .
Panic occurs , or mania , depending on whether we 're bombarded with news about losses or about gains . "
On a societal or global level , why do n't more cautious - minded people balance out those who take foolish risks ?
In essence , Kuhnen says , people are unwilling to bet against irrationality all the time because they might " simply run of money while betting against the irrational guys . "
Plus there are those huge pots of gold at the end of the rainbow .
" Perhaps the reason why we see so much risk - taking even among professional traders and money managers is because the rewards for being at the top are huge , relative to the punishment for being a laggard , " Kuhnen said .
" Think about mutual fund managers : those who get the highest returns in a year capture a super - sized share of the new inflows into funds , while mediocre performers do not really lose much in terms of assets under management .
So risk - taking may be the way to go , given that failure is not that costly , but success is hugely rewarded . "
History will repeat
If you are suffering in the current crisis , you might count yourself lucky .
Like those who endured the Great Depression , you might actually learn something that sticks .
The simplest lesson : " Unlike scientific progress , the economy tends to be driven in cycles , " says Paul Dholakia , an associate professor of management at Rice University .
A widely accepted principle among economists : " If things are good now , it is inevitable that they will be bad later , and vice versa .
But in practice , people make dismal financial decision for a host of reasons , Dholakia explained , including :
Too much focus on short - term gains and pleasures .
A strong tendency to imitate other people in one 's decisions and actions .
Too much of a focus on specific outcomes rather than a consideration of the big picture .
Relatively quick forgetting of negative events experienced in the past .
Studies have shown we are hardwired to make these mistakes .
" In combination , they lead to events like the financial crises , " he said .
Amid today 's financial carnage , it 's worth noting that people who lived through the Great Depression were , as a whole , a frugal generation .
They " tend to take less financial risk , " said Kuhnen , the Northwestern researcher .
But younger generations are there to make the mistakes needed to help fuel economic crises .
" These are young folks who have never had strong emotional experiences such as those that we 're going through today in the market place .
So these new market participants may react in an exaggerated way to good or bad news . "
Peters , a psychologist at Decision Research , says that the research evidence demonstrates that as time goes by , even lessons being learned this year will fade .
" The greater the temporal distance , the more likely events are to be represented in more abstract images , " she said .
William J. Burns , a colleague of Peters at Decision Research , points out that the world of finance is a highly complex system , and policies enacted now can have unpredictable consequences in the future .
" As a general rule , when our actions and the effects of our actions are distant in time or space we have difficulty connecting the dots , " Burns said .
Dholakia simply sees financial meltdowns as inevitable .
" If anything , they occur in an accelerated manner , and affect more people more adversely in today 's closely linked and networked environment .
Root of all evil
Some say money is the root of all evil .
But the smart money bets on an even more evil evil : debt .
Many economists have said the current crisis is an expected result of the vast sums of debt built up in recent decades — by individuals who buy homes with no money down , by the banks that lend far more than they 're good for , and by the federal government that just keeps printing more money .
If debt is so dangerous , why do we go into it ?
How we got so deep in debt is easy to explain .
For individuals , credit cards are one big culprit , explained Miriam Tatzel , a psychologist at Empire State College in New York .
For financial institutions , deregulation has been a big enabler .
Not required to pack as much cushion , banks and investment houses were able to lend more ( predictably , lack of regulation is cited as a reason for the Great Depression , too ) .
For the government , the debt was " kicked upstairs " so as not to burden voters , Tatzel said .
As a result , " we owe China . "
Other experts have long warned that this situation , in which China and other countries have bought up U.S. assets and debts ( more than $ 14 trillion ) , held great economic risk .
Why we allowed debt to take over is not so hard to grasp , either .
Tatzel gave three reasons :
Social comparison :
We get into debt because we need to look good .
Related to this is entitlement — you need to have the house , the SUV , the lifestyle because you deserve it and other people like you have it .
We ' one up ' one another , creating a spiral of consumption and debt . "
Unrealistic optimism : People in general believe they will be healthier , have fewer accidents and do better in life than the average person .
Risks will turn out OK .
Self - delusion : Maybe it 's not as bad as it seems .
" They " will find a solution .
So what have we learned ?
" It ’s a fair bet that government officials and business leaders will handle this crisis more effectively than during the Great Depression , Burns figures .
" Personally , many of us will handle our personal finances differently , at least for a while .
Unfortunately , as a crisis passes we also tend to forget these lessons as we turn our attention to more current matters . "
Tatzel thinks we may now shift in the direction of conserving money and resources in a less materialistic era .
" We are like overeaters going on a diet , " she said .
And for those seeking general happiness in life , she has a financial suggestion based on her research :
Be frugal .
" I find that frugal people are more satisfied with life than the less frugal , " she said .
The Programming Aphorisms of Strunk and White
If I could take ten software development books to a desert island , The Elements of Style by William Strunk and E.B .
White would be one of them .
Of course , “ Strunk and White , ” as the book is commonly called , has nothing to do with software ( it was written in 1935 ) and everything to do with writing : grammar , composition , and style for users of the English language .
But in its 100 short pages this book has more to say about the craft of software than many books you ’ll find in the “ Computing ” section of your local bookstore .
All you have to do is replace a few key words throughout the text and presto !
Pearls of software development wisdom , delivered in near - perfect English .
Like this one , which discusses the importance of proper software design .
[ more ]
2.12 .
Choose a suitable design and hold to it .
A basic structural design underlies every kind of writing programming .
Writers Programmers will in part follow this design , in part deviate from it , according to their skills , their needs , and the unexpected events that accompany the act of composition .
Writing Programming , to be effective , must follow closely the thoughts of the writer programmer , but not necessarily in the order in which those thoughts occur .
This calls for a scheme of procedure …. in most cases , planning must be a deliberate prelude to writing programming .
The first principle of composition software development , therefore , is to foresee or determine the shape of what is to come and pursue that shape .
The last sentence is telling : the first principle of composition is to foresee or determine the shape of what is to come and pursue that shape .
This is really what we ’re doing when we build software .
All of the rigorous development schedules , iterations , use cases , only serve to fill in the blank software canvas we ’re presented with , in a way that ( hopefully ) creates working software in a timely fashion without going over budget .
Of course , we ca n’t go with just any design for our applications ; the design must suit the problem at hand .
5.3 . Work from a suitable design .
Before beginning to compose develop something , gauge the nature and extent of the enterprise and work from a suitable design .
Design informs even the simplest structure , whether of brick and steel or of prose .
You raise a pup tent from one sort of vision , a cathedral from another .
This does not mean that you must sit with a blueprint always in front of you , merely that you had best anticipate what you are getting into .
To compose a laundry list , you can work directly from the pile of soiled garments , ticking them off one by one .
But to write a biography , you will need at least a rough scheme ; you cannot plunge in blindly and start ticking off after the fact about your subject , less you miss the forest for the trees and there be no end to your labors .
Some programmers take a very simple problem and needlessly complicate it with design overkill .
Other programmers take a very complex problem and underestimate it ; they just start coding .
Both behaviors are equally deadly .
There ’s an appropriate design effort for every project , based on its intended functionality , and the difficulty or complexity of realizing that functionality .
You do n’t want to do too little design ; equally , you do n’t want to do too much .
Instead , like Goldilocks , you want to choose the bowl of design porridge which is just right .
5.21 .
Prefer the standard to the offbeat Young writers Inexperienced programmers will be drawn at every turn toward eccentricities in language .
They will hear the beat of new vocabularies abstractions , the exciting rhythms of special segments of their society industry , each speaking a language of its own .
All of us come under the spell of these unsettling drums ; the problem for beginners is to listen to them , learn the words , feel the vibrations , and not be carried away .
This is a rule we Microsoft ecosystem programmers violate all the time , because the Microsoft technology avalanche amounts to a sort of de facto standard .
So when Microsoft comes out with a new library , a new MFC or WPF , and says “ use this ! ” we listen .
The result is standard - but - not - quite - standard code which fares well in a Microsoft habitat ( for five or ten years ) but which creates a lot of work when we want to port or expose these same systems to other platforms .
The same sort of problem affects , to a lesser degree , the sprawling Linux ecosystem .
And it ’s likely that both Microsoft and non-Microsoft approaches could be cleaned up by applying Occam ’s Razor liberally :
2.17 .
Omit needless words code Vigorous programming is concise .
A function should contain no unnecessary statements , a statement no unnecessary expressions , for the same reason that a drawing should have no unnecessary lines and a machine no unnecessary parts .
This requires not that the programmer make all functions short , or avoid all detail and treat subjects only in outline , but that every line of code tell .
Do n’t unnecessarily multiply things !
Do n’t create arbitrary divisions between things !
Damnit man !
Things like : lines of code .
Objects .
Methods .
Enumerations .
Components .
If you ’ve ever looked at production source code for a major application or operating system , your initial reaction is likely to be one of shock : what the $ !@ $ is all this crap ?
This is a good reaction , not a bad one .
Excess code turns software maintenance into a nightmare , because it exterminates clarity , and increases the amount of brain cycles required to achieve understanding of the code .
Or as Strunk and White would say :
5.16 .
Be clear .
Clarity is not the prize in writing programming , nor is it always the principle mark of good style .
There are occasions when obscurity serves a literary programmer yearning , if not a programming purpose , and there are writers programmers whose mien is more overcast than clear .
But since writing programming is communication , clarity can only be a virtue .
Of course , clarity in software is arguably more important than clarity in writing , because the clarity of production code affects the dollar cost of producing and maintaining a piece of software .
In other words , lack of clarity costs companies millions upon millions of dollars each and every year .
And even though it ’s important to :
5.2 . Write Program in a way that comes naturally Program in a way that comes easily and naturally to you , using words and phrases APIs and statements that come readily to hand .
But do not assume that because you have acted naturally your product is without flaw .
It ’s even more important that we :
5.9 .
Do not affect a breezy manner
The volume of writing source code is enormous , these days , and much of it has a sort of windiness about it , almost as though the author programmer were in a state of euphoria .
“ Spontaneous me , ” sang Whitman , and , in his innocence , let loose the hordes of uninspired scribblers script kiddies who would one day confuse spontaneity with genius .
Give each line of code its due .
If a particular function calls for the use of an unfamiliar API , learn the API rather than going the quick and dirty route .
In Windows codebases you ’ll often see someone spawning a process using LoadModule even though it ’s deprecated .
They do this because the recommended function , CreateProcess , takes a small army of parameters ( ten , to be precise ) whereas LoadModule takes two .
BOOL WINAPI CreateProcess (
__in_opt LPCTSTR lpApplicationName ,
__inout_opt LPTSTR lpCommandLine ,
__in_opt LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES
lpProcessAttributes ,
__in_opt LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES
lpThreadAttributes ,
__in BOOL bInheritHandles ,
__in DWORD dwCreationFlags ,
__in_opt LPVOID lpEnvironment ,
__in_opt LPCTSTR lpCurrentDirectory ,
__in LPSTARTUPINFO lpStartupInfo ,
__out LPPROCESS_INFORMATION lpProcessInformation
) ;
It ’s always cheaper to code things correctly the first time , than it is to code them incorrectly and fix them later .
On the other hand , code , like prose , is almost never perfect ( or even adequate ) in its first incarnation .
That ’s why it ’s important to :
5.5 . Revise Refactor and rewrite Revising is part of writing .
Refactoring is part of coding .
Few writers programmers are so expert that they can produce what they are after on the first try .
Quite often you will discover , on examining the completed work system , that there are serious flaws in the arrangement of the material , calling for transpositions .
If Strunk and White were alive today , they ’d probably be big fans of Agile and other iterative , incremental development processes which a ) emphasize simplicity and b ) allow ample opportunity for stepwise improvement .
Of course , we do n’t need Agile ( or Strunk and White ) to tell us that it ’s a good idea to :
2.17 .
Omit needless words code Vigorous writing programming is concise .
A sentence function should contain no unnecessary words code , a paragraph block of code no unnecessary sentences statements , for the same reason that a drawing should have no unnecessary lines and a machine no unnecessary parts .
This requires not that the writer programmer make all functions short , or avoid all detail and treat subjects only in outline , but that every word line of code tell .
If there were ever such thing as a universal design criterion , simplicity would be it .
And one of the main ways we achieve simplicity is by cutting out the stuff we do n’t need .
In the art world we have movements ( such as the Baroque ) which revel in complexity , and in writing we have expansive authors like Cormac McCarthy , but generally speaking , the simpler the writing / code / system / work of art , the better .
Better because more intelligible ; easier to maintain ; and structurally more sound .
Young writers programmers often suppose that style is a garnish for the meat of prose code , a sauce by which a dull dish is made palatable .
Style has no such separate entity ; it is nondetachable , unfilterable .
The beginner should approach style warily , realizing that it is an expression of self , and should turn resolutely from all devices that are popularly believed to indicate style — all mannerisms , tricks , adornments .
The approach to style is by way of plainness , simplicity , orderliness , sincerity .
Speaking of structure :
2.19 . Write Express coordinate ideas in similar form
This principle , that of parallel construction , requires that expressions similar in content and function be outwardly similar .
The likeness of form enables the reader to recognize more readily the likeness of content and function .
Object - oriented programming makes the uniform expression of coordinate ideas relatively easy , using basic techniques :
Inheritance
Generics / Templates
Interfaces
There are others , but every programmer is familiar with a typical class hierarchy in which common functionality is pushed up to the superclasses , and specific functionality falls downward towards the leaf classes , and maybe there are some templatized collection classes , along with a few interfaces .
We can ply our specific domain against these constructs elegantly when the nouns of that domain are coordinate :
Animal
Mammal
Dog
Cat
Moose
Of course , too much object - orientation , or “ object orientation for object orientation ’s sake ” , can be a Very Bad Thing .
If we asked Strunk and White they ’d probably say :
5.6 .
Do not overwrite over - program Rich , ornate prose code is hard to digest , generally unwholesome , and sometimes nauseating .
Ask yourself , when you ’re trying to copy some text from location A to location B , whether it ’s better to allocate a chain of distributed COM objects , consult the Registry , set up an eventing hierarchy and spawn a couple worker threads , or just use a plain vanilla string copy .
Another good one has to do with commenting code :
5.11 .
Do not explain too much .
It is seldom advisable to tell all .
Be sparing , for instance , in the use of adverbs code comments …
Let the conversation code itself disclose the speaker ’s manner or condition coder ’s intention .
Although each programmer has his own commenting philosophy , experience shows that the amount of code comments usually varies inversely with the programmer ’s experience level ; not because more experienced programmers are more lazy , but because their code is clearer in and of itself .
Good code is self - documenting .
Last but not least , one of my favorite elements of style , and what to me is the fundamental rule of surviving a multiple - person development effort :
5.1 Place yourself in the background .
Write Program in a way that draws the reader ’s attention to the sense and substance of the writing code , rather than to the mood and temper of the author programmer .
If the writing code is solid and good , the mood and temper of the writer programmer will eventually be revealed , and not at the expense of the work .
There ’s little to no room for ego in team - oriented production code .
Pride of craftsmanship , yes .
Petulant emotional investment , no .
Subtract yourself from your code and watch your code improve .
I may or may not be a talented programmer ; you may or may not be ; but if we ’re capable of using every available resource , including the minds of those around us , and leveraging rather than resenting criticism levelled against “ our ” code , everything improves across the board .
Hopefully .
Anyway , the next time you have a few spare minutes , grab that old copy of Strunk and White ’s Elements of Style , and start applying some of your lifelong knowledge of the written word to programmable code .
They ’re two very different things , but beneath the differences , at the level of conceptualization , and in the serial process of actually cranking out individual lines of code , very much the same .
DETROIT ( Reuters ) - Chrysler LLC is offering white - collar workers up to $ 75,000 cash and vehicle vouchers valued as much as $ 25,000 to leave the company within weeks under its effort to slash 5,000 jobs .
Employees who accept the offers , which were detailed in a memo to employees on Tuesday that was seen by Reuters , are expected to leave by November 30 .
A Chrysler spokesman confirmed the programs but declined to give details of the incentives offered .
Chrysler is offering buyouts to every salaried employee for the first time since 1991 , a person familiar with the offers said .
Employees began to receive specific offers last Friday and will continue to receive them through November 7 , the spokesman said .
Chrysler still expects to make some involuntary cuts by the end of December , depending on the buyout rate .
The U.S. - based automaker last week announced a plan to cut about 5,000 white - collar jobs , or 25 percent of its contract and salaried workforce , and reduce capital spending to ride out a deepening slump in the U.S. auto industry .
The buyout offers comes as Chrysler ’s parent Cerberus Capital Management is in merger talks with larger rival General Motors Corp .
Chrysler , sales of which have fallen 25 percent this year , has faced scrutiny over whether it can survive the downturn in U.S. auto sales that many analysts expect to stretch through 2009 .
Chrysler is offering three levels of incentives to employees to leave the company -- retirement , an expanded early retirement , and the first outright buyout program since 1991 for salaried workers .
The retirement program includes $ 50,000 cash and vehicle vouchers valued up to $ 25,000 for employees 60 and older with 10 or more years of service .
The early retirement incentive involves no cash , but Chrysler employees aged 51 to 62 with 10 or more years of service will be eligible to retire with full retirement and health care benefits .
Employees with less than 10 years of service will receive an outright buyout offer of $ 50,000 , vehicle vouchers of up to $ 25,000 and six months of health care coverage , while those with more than 10 years would receive $ 75,000 along with the voucher and six - month health care coverage .
Chrysler has 17,332 salaried workers but does not reveal the number of contract staffers it employs .
The No. 3 U.S. - based automaker had previously eliminated about 1,000 white - collar jobs at the end of September and has offered buyout programs to all of its union - represented workers in Michigan .
White House wo n't say if McCain has shared Osama - capturing techniques Eric Brewer
Published : Thursday October 9 , 2008
Print This Email This
In last Tuesday 's presidential debate , John McCain said that that he will " get Osama bin Laden , my friends . "
He 's been promising that for over a year , but it was only a couple of months ago that someone finally pressed him to describe what he would do differently than President Bush .
McCain replied : " I know how to improve our capabilities so that we will capture Osama bin Laden . "
That made me wonder whether McCain has shared this critically important knowledge with the President , so today I went to the White House and asked .
Here is my conversation with Press Secretary Dana Perino :
Q John McCain said recently that he knows how to get Osama bin Laden .
And a couple of months ago he said that he knows how to improve our capabilities so that we would capture bin Laden .
Has Senator McCain shared his knowledge with the president ?
MS . PERINO : Maybe you have n't been here .
I 've been very astute at not getting involved in the 2008 election , and I 'm not going to start now .
Q It has nothing to do with the elections .
MS. PERINO : Yeah , it does .
It has everything to do with the election .
That 's exactly why you 're asking the question .
And I 'm not going to answer it .
Since the White House wo n't answer my question , we 're left with four possibilities :
1 ) . McCain thinks he knows how to capture Osama , has told Bush how to do it , and it 's not working ;
2 ) . McCain knows how to capture Osama , has told Bush how to do it , and Bush is waiting for the most politically opportune time to execute the plan ;
3 ) . McCain knows how to capture Osama , but is keeping his plan a secret , therefore putting his own political fortunes over those of his country ; or
4 ) . McCain does n't have a clue about how to catch Osama .
I do n't know which is worst , but I suspect number four is closest to the truth .
The preceding article was a White House report from Eric Brewer , who will periodically attend White House press briefings for Raw Story .
Brewer is also a contributor at BTC News .
He was the first reporter to ask about the Downing Street memo and the Pentagon analysts scandal at White House briefings .
「 アート・オブ・プロジェクトマネジメント ―マイクロソフトで培われた実践手法」「イノベーションの神話」の作者として知られている
Scott Berkun氏は、現在も執筆活動だけでなく講演やブログなど情報発信を絶え間なく行っている方です。そんな彼が先日「なぜデザイナーは失敗するのか」という刺激的なタイトルのレポートを掲載しました。詳しい内容は
UIE13 で話されたそうで、スライドの PDF 版をダウンロードすることが出来ます。
デザイナー、プロジェクトマネージャ、プログラマーなど様々な役職の方300名を対象に調査
( そのう ち 35.2 % はデザイナーで、49 % はチームを管理したりリードする方)。41の質問に対してデザイナーが失敗すると思うものを1〜5のスコアを付けるというアンケート。詳しくは記事を読んでいただきたいですが、平均スコアが高かったのは以下の10項目。
デザインをしない方がデザインの決定権を持っている
4.18 デザインの知識がないマネージャが決定権を持っている 4.14 デザインをする前に十分のデータ分析をしないデザイナー
3.92 長期的な効果を考慮する時間がない 3.81 重要なフィードバックを聞き入れない 3.69 ビジネスの基礎条件に関する認識が低い 3.66 口先だけの 「 利用者中心のデザイン 」 3.64 失敗や実験が許されない環境 3.62 たくさんの人が関わりすぎてデザイナーの力が弱い
3.60 ひとつのデザインスタイルに頼り過ぎ 3.54
大勢の方を対象にしてアンケートをとったわけではありませんし、Berkun氏のサイトに訪れている方も多くアンケートに参加しているので、少々偏った結果なのかもしれません。しかし、Berkun氏がデザイナーの失敗には心理的、スキル、組織が原因によるものという部分は同意出来ます。特にスキルによる失敗はあるのかもしれません。ここで言うスキルは
Photoshop が上手く使えるかどうかというより、コミュニケーションスキルのことを指します。
特にウェブデザインではインターフェイスを手がけるだけとはいえ、テクノロジーの理解が欠かせないでしょうし、プログラマーを始め装飾のデザインとかけ離れた役職の方と密接に仕事することも少なくありません。また、デザインという一目見ただけでは分かり難い価値をどう人に伝えるのかという説得力が必要でしょうね。そして自分のデザインの領域を守る力も必要なのかもしれません。これは頑固に自分のデザインを通すという意味ではなく、デザインの決定において重要な部分はデザイナーが保持するよう努力することなのかな。
もちろん、デザイナーによる失敗はデザイナーによるものだけはありません。デザインの知識がない方がデザインの決定権を持たないような組織作りだけでなく、デザインの知識を共有することも重要です。またビジネス寄りの視点への理解をデザイナーが理解しやすいように、プロセスの最初からデザイナーが現場にいることも理解を深めるきっかけになると思います。
Berkun氏の資料は回答はなく、問題提示のみではありますが、考えて行くべきポイントが見えてきますね。こうした話題を個別でポッドキャストでインタビューするのもおもしろそうです。
Defcon
A federal judge on Saturday gagged three Massachusetts Institute of Technology undergraduates from publicly presenting research at Defcon demonstrating gaping holes in the electronic payment systems of one of the nation 's biggest transit agencies .
US District Judge Douglas P. Woodlock issued the order at the request of the Massachusetts Bay Transit Authority , which sued the three students and MIT on Friday .
It forbids Zack Anderson , 21 , RJ Ryan , 22 and Alessandro Chiesa , 20 , from " providing program , information , software code or command that would assist another in any material way to circumvent or otherwise attack the the security " of the MBTA 's fare system .
Attorneys for the Electronic Frontier Foundation , which are representing the trio , said they directed the students to pull the talk , which had been scheduled for Sunday .
They said the order constituted an " illegal prior restraint " on their clients ' free - speech rights .
" It 's a very dangerous precedent , " EFF staff attorney Marcia Hofmann told reporters at the Defcon hacking conference in Las Vegas .
" Basically , what the court is suggesting here is that giving a presentation involving security to other security researchers is a violation of federal law .
As far as I know , this is completely unprecedented and it has a tremendous chilling effect on sharing this sort of research . "
Ironically , a plethora of details around their hack is already out there .
Attorneys for the MBTA attached a detailed white paper ( PDF ) to one of their pleadings .
What 's more , a PDF containing slides of the talk was part of a CD distributed to all 7,000 to 8,000 people attending the conference .
( The slides are also online here ( PDF ) . )
The research delved deep into both of the MBTA 's automated payment systems .
Although one method uses magnetic strip technology and the other radio frequency identification , the researchers say it 's trivial to manipulate both cards to add hundreds of dollars in fare amounts .
" Disclosure of this information - if what the MIT undergrads claim is true - will significantly compromise the CharlieCard and CharlieTicket systems , " the complaint states .
" This in turn will harm the overall functioning of the MBTA 's transit services . "
Perhaps the MBTA has n't heard of the Mifare Classic , the world 's most popular RFID card , which just happens to be included in the CharlieCard .
Last year researchers announced a way to crack the smartcard in a matter of minutes .
The trio's research into the CharlieTicket is based on other weaknesses .
An MIT spokeswoman declined to comment to The Tech , an MIT student newspaper .
Representatives from the MBTA were n't available for comment .
The lawsuit , filed Friday in US District Court in Boston , capped a week of sometimes tense negotiations between MBTA officials , the students , and their instructor , MIT Professor Ronald Rivest ( the R in the RSA cryptography algorithm ) .
On Monday , a meeting at MIT was convened that included the students and their instructor , an MBTA official and a special agent from the Boston field office of the FBI 's cyber crimes division .
" The MBTA official made clear the level of concern reached all the way up to the governor 's office , " Anderson told El Reg earlier this week .
" They wanted to know exactly what types of details we were revealing .
They were pretty concerned about the tools " the students planned to release .
The 17 - page complaint seeks unspecified monetary damages for violation of the computer fraud and abuse act , negligent supervision and other causes of action .
It also requested a temporary order preventing the students from " publicly stating or indicating that the security or integrity " of the MBTA 's systems has been compromised .
According to the complaint , the students refused to provide MBTA officials with the materials they planned to present at Defcon .
During a press conference , the students said MBTA officials were n't contacted about their planned talk until July 30 or 31 .
Based on discussions at Monday 's meeting , the students believed the controversy had been resolved .
They did n't find out about the lawsuit until Friday , after it was filed , they said .
The complaint takes issue with a presentation description on Defcon 's website that read in part : " Want free subway rides for life ?
In this talk we go over weaknesses in common subway fare collection systems .
We focus on the Boston T subway , and show how we reverse engineered the data on magstripe card , we present several attacks to completely break the CharlieCard , a Mifare Classic smartcard used in many subways around the world , and we discuss physical security problems . "
The description was later changed to remove the first line .
Anderson said the tools scheduled to be released helped streamline research into whether payment systems from other transit agencies were vulnerable to the same types of attacks .
The students never planned to give tools or instructions showing how to add fares to the MBTA cards , he stressed .
Some of the presentation materials suggest the speakers planned to go beyond that limited scope .
Slides included with the Defcon CD said the talk promised attendees would learn how to " generate stored - value fare cards , " " reverse engineer magstripes , " and " tap into the fare vending network . "
Kurt Opsahl , a senior staff attorney for EFF , denied the students ever planned to provide detailed instructions for hacking the cards .
" Please understand that rhetoric aside , the intention was to provide an interesting and useful talk but not one that would enable people to defraud the Massachusetts Bay Transit system , " he said .
This is n't the first time a powerful interest has sued to muzzle a Defcon speaker .
In 2005 Cisco Systems took legal action against researcher Michael Lynn after he promised to demonstrate how to run a shellcode on a router without authorization .
The two ultimately settled .
NXP Semiconductor , maker of the cryptographically challenged Mifare card , has also taken legal action to silence researchers who poked holes in fare collection systems used in the Netherlands .
A Dutch judge rejected the request .
Opsahl said the EFF planned to appeal the decision , even though a ruling will not be issued in time to save the canceled talk .
He said the judge reached a very , very wrong conclusion when using the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act as grounds for canceling the talk .
" The statute on its face appears to be discussing sending code , programs or similar types of information to a computer , " Opsahl said .
" It does not appear to contemplate somebody who 's giving a talk to humans . ®
I carried my first 9 - mm.
automatic Browning when I was just twenty years old .
I was a National Service second lieutenant in the Intelligence Corps in Austria .
It was my first clandestine mission , and I was in heaven .
The year , I think , was 1952 , and I was stationed in Graz , the hub of the British Occupied Zone in the early Cold War years .
The gun was loaded .
On the advice of the Air Intelligence Officer , or A.I.O. , in charge of the operation , I wore it jammed into my waistband against my left hip with the butt foremost , allowing for an easy draw across the body .
Over it I wore a green loden coat , borrowed under a pretext from one of our Field Security drivers , and , for additional cover , a fetching green Tyrolean hat , bought at personal expense .
Such was my disguise of choice for a top - secret night trip through sparsely populated countryside to Austria ’s border with Communist Czechoslovakia .
The author in Hamburg , in the early nineteen - sixties .
Photograph by Ralph Crane / Time Life Pictures / Getty Images
The A.I.O. , however , had opted for the more traditional spy ’s attire : fawn raincoat and trilby hat , which , together with his military mustache , gave him , to my callow eye , a rather too British look .
But he knew best .
The A.I.O. was a veteran of the business , as we National Service fledglings had often been reminded sotto voce by our seasoned superiors in the bar of the Wiesler hotel , reserved for British officers , where the A.I.O. could be observed of an early evening , always seated in the same corner and half - hidden by his Austrian newspaper , with a mahogany whiskey at his side and a crisp white handkerchief jammed into the cuff of his officer - class sports jacket .
The A.I.O. , they said , had done his share of this and that — as ever with the clear implication that we had n’t .
As became a man of mystery , the A.I.O. was a solitary .
His office , which we never entered , was situated in the attic of the elegant villa on the edge of town that our military masters in Vienna had requisitioned for us Intelligence types .
Spy ethic dictates that the higher up the building you go the more secret it gets , which explains why we mere Field Security trash were confined to the ground floor .
But I knew his window .
It was a dormer , thick with grimy net curtains .
He had no known rank , and no known staff .
He made no use of our mailroom .
We assumed , but were never told , that he relied on his own communications system .
Just occasionally , a standard tin box of papers would arrive for him by way of the Army Field Post Office , and although it looked exactly like the sort of junk we ourselves were handling , he would immediately hasten downstairs and , with an air of immense gravity , return with it to his aerie .
He was said to be much decorated , but we never saw him in uniform .
In short , he was the real McCoy .
His work might look as boring as ours , but in reality he was an undercover Friend , meaning a member of M.I.6 , the highest form of Intelligence life known to man .
Why me , sir ?
I asked him , when he suggested we take a quiet stroll along the river .
“ Because you ’ve got what it takes , ” he replied , in the bitten - off style of a man who would prefer not to be speaking at all .
How do you know I have , sir ?
I asked .
“ Been watching you . ”
Our car was an innocent black Volkswagen Beetle with civilian plates .
The A.I.O. explained that he had got it from Intelligence Organization Vienna , which , as far as I was concerned , was the summit of Olympus .
Should we by chance be stopped by the Austrian police , he said , we were two businessmen from Graz interested in buying farmland for cash .
This would explain the ten thousand U.S. dollars in the brown briefcase lying on the back seat of the Beetle .
The dollars also came from Int. Org .
Only when all else failed , he said , should we flash our cards and declare ourselves to be British military personnel engaged on secret duties .
At first as we drove I could think only of the Browning nudging at my hip .
But as the night darkened and my body eased and the Browning grew warmer , we became a pair , which was what the A.I.O. had said we would do .
“ Think of it as part of you , ” he advised .
So I did , even if from time to time I discreetly fingered the safety catch to make sure it was still on .
In what sort of situation might I be using it , sir ?
I asked .
“ Contingency .
If the Czech goons come after him , we give him covering fire .
Not till I tell you , mind . ”
And , as an afterthought , “ Do n’t go for the legs .
Aim for the mark . ”
The mark ?
“ Shoulders to groin and all points between . ”
My thoughts turned to the brave man we had come to meet : a high - ranking officer in the Czech Air Force , risking death and worse to bring precious information to the West .
At this very moment , said the A.I.O. , our man was creeping over the border with the aid of sympathetic frontier guards .
How about dogs ?
I asked .
“ Drugged . ”
Once across , said the A.I.O. , who was a stickler for need - to - know , our man would proceed to a certain frontier village just inside Austria , and this was the village we were heading for .
Its name remained secret right up to the moment when the signpost blew it .
Is he defecting , sir ?
The A.I.O. looked grim and shook his head .
“ Man ’s got a wife and kids , for God ’s sake .
It ’s a one - time sell . ”
And then he ’ll go back ?
“ If he can . ”
And if he can’t ?
The A.I.O. ’s silence was more eloquent than words .
A tiny inn stood at the empty roadside .
Light burned yellow in the windows .
The only sound was of male voices , which stopped dead as soon as we walked in .
The A.I.O. went ahead in case there was trouble .
I followed with the briefcase .
In a single low - ceilinged room , a score of peasants in blue overalls stared at us in mute amazement through the tobacco smoke .
A billiards table occupied the center of the room .
Nobody was playing .
A vacant bench stood next to the bar .
The A.I.O. sat on it .
With the briefcase at my feet , I sat beside him , observed by the peasants .
The A.I.O. ordered two beers in snappish , swallowed - up German .
Today I wonder whether “ two beers ” was the only German he knew .
The landlord set them in front of us , and the echo as they hit the table seemed to go on forever .
“ Fancy a game of billiards ? ” the A.I.O. muttered , in English , out of the corner of his mouth .
Love one , I muttered back .
The gun was indeed part of me : so much so that I had ceased to notice its presence on my hip .
Stooping to address the ball , I was startled by the clang of a heavy metal object striking the tiled floor , and looked around to identify the source .
Finally , I saw the Browning lying at my feet , but by then the inn had emptied itself of customers and landlord .
I retrieved it , returned it to my waistband , and picked up the briefcase .
“ Abort , ” the A.I.O. ordered , pausing only to finish his beer .
His composure astonished me .
Not a word of rebuke .
We returned to the Volkswagen , sat in it , and waited .
For whom ?
The Austrian police ?
Or our intrepid spy ?
The A.I.O. seemed at ease with either possibility , but neither appeared .
He had a flask of Scotch and we took pulls from it .
The dawn came , and somehow the purpose of our great mission evaporated .
With a philosophical sigh , the A.I.O. started the engine and set course for Graz .
As with all great intelligence operations , ours had no known outcome — or none to me .
Did the brave Czech airman ever make his attempt ?
I had no chance to ask .
A couple of days later , the A.I.O. had vanished , leaving no forwarding address .
Did he give back the ten thousand dollars , or keep the money for another day ?
In “ A Perfect Spy , ” I made some use of the story , but my larger purposes did not allow me to give it the status it deserved as an account of my hero ’s first armed exploit On Her Majesty ’s Secret Service .
Nevertheless , with the ripening of years , I think I have hit upon an answer to the questions that have troubled me for so long .
There was no Czech officer crossing the border that night .
The briefcase did not contain ten thousand dollars ; at best , there was an old pair of pajamas and a reserve bottle of Scotch .
The A.I.O. was not the favored son of Int. Org. , he was not an undercover officer of M.I.6 , his work was just as tedious and useless as ours .
He was one of those forgotten souls whom military bureaucracies dump on distant shores and forget about for years on end .
He was , in addition — if discreetly — mad , and living in a secret bubble all his own , a condition that in the spook world , rather like a superbug in a hospital , is endemic , hard to detect , and harder still to eradicate .
I can also hazard a guess about the nature of his madness , since from time to time I have experienced similar symptoms .
The A.I.O. , like the rest of us , dreamed the Great Spy ’s Dream .
He imagined himself at the Spies ’ Big Table , playing the world ’s game .
Gradually , the gap between the dream and the reality became too much for him to bear , and one day he decided to fill it .
He needed a believer , so I got the job .
I was well cast .
Years later , for a short time , I did actually become an insider in the world that the A.I.O. pretended to inhabit , but it was n’t long before I , too , was fantasizing about a real British secret service , somewhere else , that did everything right that we either did wrong or did n’t do at all .
My solution was to invent a spook world better suited to my needs , just as the A.I.O. had done .
It was only our methods that were a little different .
My agreeable middle - aged roommate in the British Security Service , better known as M.I.5 , was , I think , afflicted by a similar strain of the disease , although the symptoms in his case were different .
But that is the nature of the disease .
I am speaking of the period of the Great Paranoia Epidemic that ran from the nineteen - fifties into the seventies , when practically everyone in M.I.5 above a certain rank , up to Sir Roger Hollis , the Director General , was suspected of being a Russian spy .
The virus infected swaths of Whitehall and Westminster , but it was the spies who were worst hit , and they did it to themselves , on the strident insistence of America ’s intelligence community .
The bacillus had begun its life in America , before sweeping eastward .
First had come the Joe McCarthy era .
McCarthy died in 1957 , but his torch was quickly retrieved by a deranged C.I.A. inpatient of vast persuasive powers named James Jesus Angleton , who preached that the whole of the Western spook world was being controlled by superheads in the Kremlin .
In human terms , Angleton ’s apocalyptic vision was forgivable .
He had received his education in the black arts of double cross at the knee of one Kim Philby , a long - standing double agent in the service of the Kremlin and , as head of the M.I.6 station in Washington , Angleton ’s bosom buddy .
If any spy ever needed an excuse for going off his head , it was James Jesus Angleton : fabled poker player , master of the spook universe , who woke up one morning to be told that his revered mentor , confessor , and fellow - boozer , Kim Philby , was a Russian spy .
But that does n’t excuse the C.I.A. , which made a folk hero of its mad doctor , and looked on while he poisoned the family .
Not only did Angleton single - handedly immobilize his own agency .
He then , with his masters ’ blessing , performed the same service for its closest allies , to the ribald laughter of the K.G.B.
Was Angleton ever invited to address the only logical conclusion to his thesis — namely , to close down the entire Western intelligence apparatus before the Russians led us over the cliff ?
I doubt it .
And M.I.5 , assailed by the Angleton theory , rose superbly to the challenge .
It was not content with spying on its own members ; a cabal of middle and senior officers also found time to spy on Harold Wilson , the British Prime Minister , an episode in M.I.5 history that was documented in a dubious memoir put out by one of the conspirators .
The author , you may remember , was Peter Wright , another poker pal of Angleton’s .
Strenuous efforts by the British government to suppress the book assured it a wide readership .
The atmosphere in those days in the corridors of Leconfield House , on Curzon Street , was therefore very much as I portrayed it in “ Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy , ” and it was the atmosphere that prevailed in the corridor that led to the little room that my colleague — I ’ll call him Arthur — and I shared .
In my memory , it is hushed , with furtive footsteps going past .
It was my first in - house appointment .
Arthur was an M.I.5 paper - pusher of the old school : a meticulous , unadventurous , nine - to - six loyalist , with no ambitions to become what he was not .
He had something of the donnish librarian about him , with bubbly gray hair overflowing at the sides , rimless spectacles , and an air of huge diligence and bustle .
Sometimes he would humph , sometimes tut - tut , but he was always busy and never took a lunch hour : which was one good reason that the overworked internal - security staff decided that he was a Russian spy .
Лента новосте й
Как работают сервисы доставки еды : подкаст РБК Тренд ы « Что изменилось ? »
Мошенники создали 14 подделок подорожавшего на 750 % токен а
Пашинян сообщил о варианте с признанием Нагорного Карабаха Армение й
Месси заявил о допущенных ради « Барселоны » ошибка х
« Стокманн » в России : от универмага для советской элиты до модной сет и
Почему ценообразование остается слепой зоной для российской розниц ы
В Москве выявили более 2,3 тыс. новых случае в
COVID -19
Пандемия коронавируса .
Самое актуальное на 30 сентябр я
Попова заявила о завершении клинических исследований вакцины « Вектор а »
В России третий день подряд выявили более 8 тыс.
новых заражени й
COVID
Экстремальный тест - драйв : обзор авто от любителей активного отдых а
Российским ресторанам запретят включать чаевые в чек
В России зафиксировали наибольшее с середины июля число смертей от COVID
В Москве от коронавируса вылечились 1349 челове к
Tiny bots smaller than a thumbnail .
© I - SWARM project
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Recent discoveries of water and Earth - like soil on Mars have set imaginations running wild that human beings may one day colonise the Red Planet .
However , the first inhabitants might not be human in form at all , but rather swarms of tiny robots .
“ Small robots that are able to work together could explore the planet .
We now know there is water and dust so all they would need is some sort of glue to start building structures , such as homes for human scientists , ” says Marc Szymanski , a robotics researcher at the University of Karlsruhe in Germany .
Szymanski is part of a team of European researchers developing tiny autonomous robots that can co-operate to perform different tasks , much like termites , ants or bees forage collaboratively for food , build nests and work together for the greater good of the colony .
Working in the EU - funded I - SWARM project , the team created a 100 - strong posse of centimetre - scale robots and made considerable progress toward building swarms of ant - sized micro-bots .
Several of the researchers have since gone on to work on creating swarms of robots that are able to reconfigure themselves and assemble autonomously into larger robots in order to perform different tasks .
Their work is being continued in the Symbrion and Replicator projects that are funded under the EU ’s Seventh Framework Programme .
Planet exploration and colonisation are just some of a seemingly endless range of potential applications for robots that can work together , adjusting their duties depending on the obstacles they face , changes in their environment and the swarm ’s needs .
“ Robot swarms are particularly useful in situations where you need high redundancy .
If one robot malfunctions or is damaged it does not cause the mission to fail because another robot simply steps in to fill its place , ” Szymanski explains .
That is not only useful in space or in deep - water environments , but also while carrying out repairs inside machinery , cleaning up pollution or even carrying out tests and applying treatments inside the human body – just some of the potential applications envisioned for miniature robotics technology .
Creating collective perception
Putting swarming robots to use in a real - world environment is still , like the vision of colonising Mars , some way off .
Nonetheless , the I - SWARM team did forge ahead in building robots that come close to resembling a programmable ant .
Just as ants may observe what other ants nearby are doing , follow a specific individual , or leave behind a chemical trail in order to transmit information to the colony , the I - SWARM team ’s robots are able to communicate with each other and sense their environment .
The result is a kind of collective perception .
The robots use infrared to communicate , with each signalling another close by until the entire swarm is informed .
When one encounters an obstacle , for example , it would signal others to encircle it and help move it out of the way .
A group of robots that the project team called Jasmine , which are a little bigger than a two - euro coin , use wheels to move around , while the smallest I - SWARM robots , measuring just three millimetres in length , move by vibration .
The I - SWARM robots draw power from a tiny solar cell , and the Jasmine machines have a battery .
“ Power is a big issue .
The more complex the task , the more energy is required .
A robot that needs to lift something [ uses ] powerful motors and these need lots of energy , ” Szymanski notes , pointing to one of several challenges the team have encountered .
Processing power is another issue .
The project had to develop special algorithms to control the millimetre - scale robots , taking into account the limited capabilities of the tiny machine ’s onboard processor : just eight kilobytes of program memory and two kilobytes of RAM , around a million times less than most PCs .
Tests proved that the diminutive robots were able to interact , though the project partners were unable to meet their goal of producing a thousand of them in what would have constituted the largest swarm of the smallest autonomous robots ever created anywhere in the world .
Nonetheless , Szymanski is confident that the team is close to being able to mass produce the tiny robots , which can be made much like computer chips out of flexible printed circuit boards and then folded into shape .
“ They ’re kind of like miniature origami , ” he says .
Simple , mass production would ensure that the robots are relatively cheap to manufacture .
Researchers would therefore not have to worry if one gets lost in the Martian soil .
The I -SWARM project received funding under the EU ’s Sixth Framework Programme for research .
Provided by ICT Results
We 've seen custom ponies in the past , and here comes another batch , heavy on the Star Wars .
That 's Princess Leia there , and there 's a Darth Vader and Stormtrooper after the jump .
They were all made by deviantart user Spippo , who sells them if you 're interested .
And as a guy who grew up playing with My Little Ponies , I must admit : I collected Cabbage Patch Dolls too .
And one time I tried on my sister 's bra .
Hit the jump for two more , along with a link to Spippo 's gallery with even more Batman , Alien , Pan , Superman and Edward Scissorhands pony action .
Spippo's Deviantart Gallery
Thanks to Whatever James , who really is down for anything .
A man who was tracked sharing over 13,000 music tracks on Direct Connect back in 2005 has lost his appeal .
The Vestre Landsret , one of Denmark ’s higher courts , has ordered the middle - aged man to pay $ 24,400 ( 160,000 kroner ) in compensation .
As far as anti-piracy headlines go , the IFPI would prefer those coming from Denmark recently to be kept as quiet as possible .
Back in September , Danish ISPs rejected the IFPI “ 3 strikes ” proposals and then the anti-piracy group lost two court cases where alleged file - sharers used the so - called ‘ wireless defense ’ .
This week , however , the IFPI and Danish Antipiratgruppen achieved a small victory in the case of a middle - aged man from Aalborg who used Direct Connect ( DC ) to share around 13,000 music files in 2005 .
According to a Comon.dk report , the IFPI / Antipiratgruppen tracked activity which it linked to an IP address registered to the man .
Obviously – as in all such cases – it was not possible to positively identify the person at the keyboard simply via the IP address , but the man made some admissions in what appears to be a generally weak defense , and these seem to help seal his fate .
Having previously lost his case in the district court , the man appealed and the case went to the Vestre Landsret , one of Denmark ’s highest courts .
The defendant claimed that he could n’t figure out how to use Direct Connect but admitted visiting the software ’s homepage , albeit on an old PC which dated back to the mid 1990’s .
It was also made clear in court that the man did not operate any type of wireless network , eliminating a defense which proved successful in other cases .
The ruling from the Vestre Landsret which was announced yesterday morning , stated that the man was guilty of copyright infringement .
“ The Court held that no person other than him [ the defendant ] could have used the IP address , and therefore he was sentenced , ” said Antipiratgruppen lawyer , Maria Fred Lund .
The defendant was ordered to pay 160,000 kroner ( $ 24,400 ) in damages , which was substantially less than the 440,000 kroner ( $ 67,200 ) the anti-pirates wanted .
He was also ordered to delete the music files he had obtained illegally .
Although the damages are less than the IFPI would ’ve liked , the defendant ’s lawyer , Per OverBech , says they could appeal to get the damages reduced .
The court calculated the damages based on the losses estimated to have been suffered following the breach of copyright .
The Vestre Landsret set an amount of 80,000 kroner ( $ 12,200 ) and used the principle of ‘ double - up ’ to reach a final figure of 160,000 kroner ( $ 24,400 ) .
The ‘ double up ’ provision in Danish law is comprised of two parts .
The first part covers the losses estimated to have been suffered following the breach of copyright .
The court then doubles this amount to cover the actual losses and the documenting of such losses , which Antipiratgruppen and IFPI did not do .
“ It is worth noting that it certainly pays to deal critically with the requirements of Antipiratgruppen , ” said Per OverBech .
“ But in this case , the Vestre Landsret applied the principle of double - up , and I do not think there is reason for this , ” noting that Antipiratgruppen provided no evidence to prove that sales had declined due to the alleged file - sharing activities of his client .
OverBech admits that it is unlikely that he will achieve an acquittal for his client but could go to the Supreme Court to contest the ‘ double up ’ principle applied by Vestre Landsret .
Thanks Peter_Pan
Last Sunday , Terry Childs , a network administrator employed by the City of San Francisco , was arrested and taken into custody , charged with four counts of computer tampering .
He remains in jail , held on US $ 5 million bail .
News reports have depicted a rogue admin taking a network hostage for reasons unknown , but new information from a source close to the situation presents a different picture .
In posts to my blog , I postulated about what might have occurred .
Based on the small amount of public information , I guessed that the situation revolved around the network itself , not the data or the servers .
A quote from a city official that Cisco was getting involved seemed to back that up , so I assumed that Childs must have locked down the routers and switches that form the FiberWAN network , and nobody but Childs knew the logins .
If this were true , then regaining control over those network components would cause some service disruption , but would hardly constitute the " millions of dollars in damages " that city representatives feared , according to news reports .
Apparently , I was n't far off the mark .
In response to one of by blog posts , a source with direct knowledge of the City of San Francisco 's IT infrastructure and of Childs himself offered to tell me everything he knew about the situation , under condition that he remain anonymous .
I agreed , and within an hour , a long e-mail arrived in my in box , painting a very detailed picture of the events .
Based on this information , the case of Terry Childs appears to be much more -- and much less -- than previously reported .
A Man and His Network
It seems that Terry Childs is a very intelligent man .
According to my source , Childs holds a Cisco Certified Internetwork Expert certification , the highest level of certification offered by Cisco .
He has worked in the city 's IT department for five years , and during that time has become simply indispensible .
Although Childs was not the head architect for the city 's FiberWAN network , he is the one , and only one , that built the network , and was tasked with handling most of the implementation , including the acquisition , configuration , and installation of all the routers and switches that comprise the network .
According to my source 's e-mail , his purview extended only to the network and had nothing to do with servers , databases , or applications :
" Terry 's area of responsibility was purely network .
As far as I know ( which admittedly is not very far ) , he did not work on servers , except maybe VoIP servers , AAA servers , and similar things directly related to the administration of the network .
My suspicion is that you are right about how he was " monitoring e- mail " ; it was probably via a sniffer , IPS , or possibly a spam - filtering / antivirus appliance .
But that 's just conjecture on my part . "
Like many network administrators who work in the rarified air of enterprise network architecture and administration , Childs apparently trusted no one but himself with the details of the network , including routing configuration and login information .
Again , from the source 's e-mail :
" The routing configuration of the FiberWAN is extremely complex .
Probably more so than it ought to be ; I sometimes got the feeling that , in order to maintain more centralized control over the routing structure , [ Childs ] bent some of the rules of MPLS networks and caused problems for himself in terms of maintaining the routing .
" Because the system was so complex ( and also because he did n't involve any of the other network engineers in his unit ) , Terry was the only person who fully understood the FiberWAN configuration .
Therefore , to prevent inadvertent disruption of this admittedly critical network , he locked everyone else out .
I know most of the networking equipment ... does use centralized AAA , but I get the impression he may have configured the FiberWAN equipment for local authentication only . "
Childs ' attitude toward other administrators is by no means unusual in the IT industry .
This is generally due to the fact that admins who are tasked with constructing and maintaining networks of this size and scope care for them like children , and eventually come to believe that no one else could have the knowledge and skills to touch the delicate configurations that form the heart of the network .
Sole Administrator
A key point made in the e-mail is that Childs ' managers and co-workers all knew that he was the only person with administrative access to the network .
In fact , it was apparently known and accepted in many levels of the San Francisco IT department .
Again , quoting from the e-mail :
" This is where it gets tricky for the prosecution , IMO , because the localized authentication , with Terry as sole administrator , has been in place for months , if not years .
His coworkers knew it ( my coworkers and I were told many times by Terry 's coworkers , " If your request has anything to do with the FiberWAN , it 'll have to wait for Terry .
He 's the only one with access to those routers " ) .
His managers knew it .
Other network engineers for the other departments of the City knew it .
And everyone more or less accepted it .
No one wanted the thing to come crashing down because some other network admin put a static route in there and caused a black hole ; on the other hand , some of us did ask ourselves , " What if Terry gets hit by a truck ? "
If a configuration is known and accepted , is that " tampering " ? "
My source appears to believe that Childs ' motivation was the antithesis of tampering , and that Childs did everything possible to maintain the integrity of the network , perhaps to a fault :
" He 's very controlling of his networks -- especially the FiberWAN .
In an MPLS setup , you have " provider edge " ( PE ) routers and " customer edge " ( CE ) routers .
He controlled both PE and CE , even though our department was the customer ; we were only allowed to connect our routers to his CE routers , so we had to extend our routing tables into his equipment and vice versa , rather than tunneling our routing through the MPLS system . "
Larry Shaughnessy
CNN
October 5 , 2008
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) —
The United States military ’s Northern Command , formed in the wake of the September 11 terrorist attacks , is dedicating a combat infantry team to deal with catastrophes in the U.S. , including terrorist attacks and natural disasters .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The 1st Brigade Combat Team of the 3rd Infantry , which was first into Baghdad , Iraq , in 2003 , started its controversial assignment Wednesday .
The First Raiders will spend 2009 as the first active - duty military unit attached to the U.S. Northern Command since it was created .
They will be based in Fort Stewart , Georgia , and focus primarily on logistics and support for local police and rescue personnel , the Army says .
The plan is drawing skepticism from some observers who are concerned that the unit has been training with equipment generally used in law enforcement , including beanbag bullets , Tasers , spike strips and roadblocks .
That kind of training seems a bit out of line for the unit ’s designated role as Northern Command ’s CCMRF ( Sea Smurf ) , or CBRNE Consequence Management Response Force .
CBRNE stands for chemical , biological , radiological , nuclear and high - yield explosive incidents .
According to Northern Command ’s Web site , the CBRNE Consequence Management Response Force is a team that will ultimately number about 4,700 personnel from the different military branches that would deploy as the Department of Defense ’s initial response force .
Read article
The Rise of the Fourth Reich
For the first time Jim Marrs has gathered compelling evidence that an effort has been underway for the past sixty years to bring a form of National Socialism to modern America , creating in essence a modern empire — or " Fourth Reich " !
Get this blockbuster at Alex Jones ’ Infowars Store today !
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Weblog devoted to the philosophy of language , metaphysics and philosophical logic
Microsoft 's Windows browser earns a lot of criticism from web developers .
Even Internet Explorer 8 , currently in beta , is a long way behind Safari , Chrome , Firefox , and Opera when it comes to standards compliance .
Not only does IE8 not support all the standards these other browsers do —its implementation of the standards it does support leaves a lot to be desired , as it has many bugs and omissions .
As bad as the situation on Windows is , the desktop browser is streets ahead of Microsoft 's Windows Mobile browser .
Internet Explorer Mobile shares the Windows browser 's branding , but not much more .
Underneath it 's a very different browser , based on the old IE4 code , with its own unique set of bugs and its own particular take on what a web page should look like .
Given that it 's based on IE4 , IE Mobile 's support for current web standards is not good , making web browsing in IE Mobile a miserable experience .
Pages do n't display properly , and , since scripting support is also poor , they do n't work properly either .
IE Mobile is n't just a bad browser .
It 's also a bad mobile application .
Part of this is due to Windows Mobile 's diverse hardware ( significantly , not all Windows Mobile devices have touch - screens ) , but even on fully - featured hardware , navigation is a chore .
Zooming in and out of pages is clumsy , scrolling uses fiddly scroll bars , and content is scaled poorly to fit within the confines of a small screen .
Some of these gripes are true of the broader Windows Mobile platform — it tries to reuse user interface concepts from the desktop OSes in spite of their poor suitability to handheld devices — but the presentation flaws are simply a result of insufficient thought going into how to make web pages designed for computers work well on phones .
IE Mobile rendering Ars Technica
IE Mobile has received a few updates over the years , but it remains markedly inferior to alternative products .
Eighteen months ago , Microsoft could probably get away with that ; mobile Internet speeds were too low and mobile hardware too weak to support a proper browsing experience .
But that was then ; nowadays we have 3G , faster processors powering handhelds , and high - resolution touch screens .
As the iPhone has so ably demonstrated , it 's now possible to browse the web on a phone without pain .
Safari on the iPhone supports scripting and CSS , and renders pages in much the same way as its desktop counterpart .
The result of all this is that iPhone web browsing now dwarfs Windows Mobile browsing , in spite of Windows Mobile devices being far more widespread than iPhones .
Though Microsoft 's mobile web browser has , like its desktop counterpart , suffered from a lack of attention from the company , Redmond had been trying to improve the mobile browsing experience with its Deepfish project .
Deepfish used an approach that will be familiar to anyone who has used Safari on an iPhone .
Deepfish presented a zoomed - out version of the page to allow easy navigation and to give an impression of what the page looks like .
One then zooms in on the page to read the parts that are of interest .
This kind of interface works well on mobile devices , as it provides a good trade - off between destroying the page 's layout to fit it on the small screen and making the text large enough to read .
Deepfish deep - sixed
Deepfish was , however , designed for an older era of phones .
Instead of running a true web browser on the phone , Deepfish used a proxy server operated by Microsoft ; this proxy server rendered the actual web pages and sent the images to the user .
In the days of slow GPRS and EDGE , and per-megabyte billing , this made some sense , as it reduced the amount of data traffic required to use a web page .
Today , however , that approach is unnecessarily complex ; mobile Internet connections are fast enough and becoming cheap enough that it 's better to send all the page data to the phone , and let the phone render the pages itself .
Because of this outmoded approach to web page access , Microsoft killed off the Deepfish project a few weeks ago ; the proxy servers used for Deepfish access were turned off at the end of September .
So , Deepfish is n't going to be the future of browsing on Windows Mobile .
Fortunately , it was n't the software giant 's only mobile browsing project .
When Windows Mobile 6.1 was released earlier this year , Microsoft announced that a new browser would be coming to Windows Mobile , arriving some time before the end of the year .
That promise would offer the full Internet on a phone — the same promise as Apple has been making for the iPhone .
The company wants to go one better than Apple , too , by including support for Flash , Silverlight , and H.264 video in its new browser .
That sounds good , and it 's certainly more than the current IE Mobile can deliver .
The new browser will support the same kind of zoom and pan features that Deepfish ( and iPhone ) use to enable easy navigation of web pages .
And best of all , the renderer is the same as the one from the desktop browser , so web pages will look exactly as they should ; desktop browsing on mobile devices .
At least , that 's the theory .
The unfortunate reality looks less appealing , because the rendering engine going into the next IE Mobile is n't Microsoft 's latest and greatest , the one the company has been working on for IE8 .
Instead , it 's reported to be the engine from IE6 .
From 2001 .
If this is true , it 's an unfortunate choice .
After years of neglect , with IE8 it looked like Microsoft had started to take its browser seriously again ; still behind its competitors , but heading in the right direction .
True , the current state of IE Mobile is such that the IE6 codebase will offer a significant upgrade . "
But it 's an upgrade to a seven - year - old browser .
There are good modern browsers that do n't available for mobile platforms —
iPhone 's Safari , and Opera Mobile for Windows Mobile and Symbian , are pretty close to the cutting edge of browser technology — so it 's unclear why Microsoft is apparently turning to IE6 to fix what ails IE Mobile .
If Microsoft were transforming IE Mobile from its current state to a browser as good as the competition , the purpose would be clear — it would show that it is serious about mobile web browsing , and wants to respond to Apple 's dominance in this small ( but growing ) market .
But using the IE6 engine does n't do that ; it leaves IE Mobile behind competing platforms , leaving both users and web developers alike frustrated .
It 's not just iPhone that does this better ; Opera Mobile 9.5 is already a modern , capable Windows Mobile web browser that 's regularly updated and has a touch - friendly pan / zoom interface .
A broader malaise
As bad as the use of IE6 is from a technical standpoint , one can argue that the choice speaks volumes about Microsoft 's commitment to mobile computing as a whole .
Next to iPhone OS , Windows Mobile looks and feels old , awkward , and ugly .
Third parties have tried to mask this with custom front - ends like HTC's Touch Flo software , but these are by no means complete user interfaces , merely improved program launchers .
i Phone should have spurred Microsoft into action , but it does n't seem to have happened .
Windows Mobile 6.1 was a barely perceptible update , and Windows Mobile 7 — the release expected to make Windows Mobile as usable as the iPhone — is n't due until next year .
And even that has recently been delayed .
With a mobile market that is more competitive than ever , the delay in getting Windows Mobile 7 out the door could come back to haunt Microsoft .
Mobile computing — and mobile browsing in particular — matters .
iPhone has shown that .
Second - best just is n't good enough .
Did McCain just refuse to shake Obama ’s hand ?
Late Update :
We just looked at the video .
There ’s some room for interpretation .
But it certainly looks like McCain left Obama hanging when Obama put his hand out to shake .
But before you make up your mind , you should see the video .
We ’ll have it for you shortly .
Later Update :
We ’re getting conflicting reports on this handshake story .
We ’re getting flooded by emails .
So a lot of people definitely think they saw it .
But like I said , we ’re going to be pulling the video shortly .
So you can see for yourselves .
One reader says that it was actually that moment where they were blocking the teleprompter that they were shaking their hands .
The truth is , I think , that on TV it was hard to be sure quite what happened .
So let ’s wait to see the video .
And then we ’ll try to find out more about what happened .
Video shortly …
Enjoy this article ?
Subscribe to our RSS feed
When Facebook released their platform last year , the company generated more buzz in the Valley since Google went public .
Thousands of developers flocked to their platform and now more than 40,000 applications have been built .
Many of the early applications were widgets and one application in particular , Bumper Sticker , attracted over 12 million installs and was reaching more than 1.5 million active daily users at one point .
As a joke I created the Bush Countdown Clock when the platform launched and amazingly I attracted close to 50,000 users .
While the application was nothing more than a simple flash badge , it helped a lot of people express themselves .
Expression is not Facebook ’s purpose though , sharing is .
Widgets or badges that help users express their personal beliefs , ideals , and personality are now harder to find with the new design .
Thanks to the redesign all the badges which were “ cluttering ” the profile have been moved to a “ Boxes ” tab which most people do n’t visit apparently .
When the new profile was first rolled out , the traffic to my application actually jumped a little but oddly enough on September 11th , things took a turn for the worse .
I ’m not sure what happened but my guess is that a lot of the profiles started to get shifted over .
While many users still do n’t like the new design ( including close to 194,000 people who ’ve signed a petition requesting that Facebook put back the old design ) , the decision to switch appears to be final .
The implication is shown in the chart below which illustrates the dramatic drop in traffic .
Ultimately my application has been cut by more than 60 percent .
While my application was only build as a joke some applications were attracting hundreds of thousands of daily users .
My application was completely a widget though and provided practically no interactive substance .
Other applications which actually provide users with a valuable experience in addition to help them share information appear to have survived the shift over to the new design .
It ’s clear though that widgets have not survived the shift over and my guess is that within a matter of weeks we will see most top - performing widget applications practically disappear .
The plan Henry Paulson came up with to bail out Wall Street is falling apart , said Steve Chapman in the Chicago Tribune , but so what ?
The consequences of giving him his way — rewarding inept capitalists , and risking taxpayer money on a plan that might not work — are “ so awful that the alternative does n’t look so bad . ”
What ’s the worst that could happen ?
A recession ?
“ They end , usually in a matter of months . ”
If a deal is n’t reached and signed into law by Sunday night , said John Podhoretz in Commentary , “ we will wake up Monday morning to a market meltdown overseas of a sort the world has never seen . ”
Then , when the U.S. markets open , “ we will see just how much poorer the investing class can get in just one day . ”
We ’re all angry about using tax dollars to cover bad bets by rich bankers , said Steven Pearlstein in The Washington Post .
But we have a simple choice : “ You can try to prevent a financial meltdown or you can teach Wall Street a lesson , but you ca n’t do both at the same time . ”
If we choose to do nothing , it will “ cost us a lot more than $ 700 billion . ”
He Wanted You to Know
On the day of Bryan 's death , June 3 , wife Bobbie and son Bryan keep a bedside vigil .
The recent photo of father and son is on the bed .
[ Times photo : V. Jane Windsor ]
by Sue Landry
Bryan Curtis started smoking at 13 , never thinking that 20 years later it would kill him and leave a wife and children alone .
In his last weeks , he set out with a message for young people .
Bryan Lee Curtis , then 33 , holds son Bryan Jr. , 2 , in this March 29 photo .
Curtis would die about two months later .
[ Photo : Curtis Family ]
ST . PETERSBURG -- Cigarette smoke hangs in the air in the room where Bryan Lee Curtis lies dying of lung cancer .
His head , bald from chemotherapy , lolls on a pillow .
The bones of his cheeks and shoulders protrude under taut skin .
His eyes are open , but he can no longer respond to his mother or his wife , Bobbie , who married him in a makeshift ceremony in this room three weeks ago after doctors said there was no hope .
In Bryan 's emaciated hands , Bobbie has propped a photograph taken just two months ago .
It shows a muscular and seemingly healthy Bryan holding his 2 - year - old son , Bryan Jr . In the picture , he is 33 .
He turned 34 on May 10 .
A pack of cigarettes and a lighter sit on a table near Bryan 's bed in his mother 's living room .
Even though tobacco caused the cancer now eating through his lungs and liver , Bryan smoked until a week ago , when it became impossible .
Across the room , a 20 - year - old nephew crushes out a cigarette in a large glass ashtray where the butt joins a dozen others .
Bobbie Curtis says she 'll try to stop after the funeral , but right now , it 's just too difficult .
Same for Bryan 's mother , Louise Curtis .
" I just ca n't do it now , " she says , although she hopes maybe she can after the funeral .
Bryan knew how hard it is to quit .
But when he learned he would die because of his habit , he thought maybe he could persuade at least a few kids not to pick up that first cigarette .
Maybe if they could see his sunken cheeks , how hard it was becoming to breathe , his shriveled body , it might scare them enough .
So a man whose life was otherwise unremarkable set out in the last few weeks of his life with a mission .
Bryan started when he was just 13 , building up to more than two packs a day .
He talked about quitting from time to time , but never seriously tried .
Plenty of time for that , he figured .
Older people got cancer .
Not people in their 30s , not people who worked in construction , as a roofer , as a mechanic .
He had no health insurance .
But he was more worried about his mother , 57 , who had smoked since she was 25 .
Louise Curtis grieves for a son who told her , a smoker for 32 years , to worry about herself , not him .
[ Times photo : V. Jane Windsor ]
" He would say , " Mom , do n't worry about me .
Worry about yourself .
I 'm healthy , ' " Louise Curtis remembers .
" You think this would happen later , when you 're 60 or 70 years old , not when you 're his age . "
He knew , only a few days after he went to the hospital on April 2 with severe abdominal pain , how wrong he had been .
He had oat cell lung cancer that had spread to his liver .
He probably had not had it long .
Also called small cell lung cancer , it 's an aggressive killer that usually claims the lives of its victims within a few months .
While it seems unusual to the Curtis family , Dr. Jeffrey Paonessa , Bryan 's oncologist , said he is seeing more lung cancer in young adults .
" We 've seen lung cancer earlier and earlier because people are starting to smoke earlier and earlier , " Paonessa said .
Chemotherapy sometimes slows the process , but had little effect in Bryan 's case , he said .
Bryan also knew , a few days after the diagnosis , that he wanted somehow to try to save at least one kid from the same fate .
He sat down and talked with Bryan Jr. and his 9 - year - old daughter , Amber , who already had been caught once with a cigarette .
But he wanted to do more .
Somehow , he had to get his story out .
When he still had some strength to leave the house , kids would stare .
" They 'd come up and look at him because he looked so strange , " Louise Curtis said .
" He 'd look at them and say , This is what happens to you when you smoke . "
" The kids would say , " Oh , man .
I ca n't believe it , ' " Louise Curtis said .
After the graveside service June 8 , this friend and a handful of relatives light up .
[ Times photo : V. Jane Windsor ]
In the last few weeks , Bryan 's mother has been the agent for his mission to accomplish some good with the tragedy .
She has called newspapers and radio and television stations , seeking someone willing to tell her son's story , willing to help give him the one thing he wanted before he died .
Bryan never got to tell his story to the public .
He spoke for the last time an hour before a visit from a Times reporter and photographer .
" I 'm too skinny .
I ca n't fight anymore , " he whispered to his mother at 9 a.m. June 3 .
He died that day at 11:56 a.m. , just nine weeks after the diagnosis .
Bryan Lee Curtis Sr. was buried at Memorial Park Cemetery in St. Petersburg on June 8 , a rare cloudy day that threatened rain .
At the funeral service at nearby Blount , Curry and Roel Funeral Home , Bryan 's casket was open and 50 friends and relatives could see the devastating effects of the cancer .
Addiction is more powerful .
As the graveside ritual ended , a handful of relatives backed away from the gathering , pulled out packs of cigarettes and lit up .
Published 06/15/99 in the St. Petersburg Times .
Posted at WhyQuit.com on 07/15/99 .
The Australian government passed a 2011 law requiring that the above photo of Bryan appear as a warning on both the front and rear of random cigarette packs .
The warning reads : " SMOKING CAUSES LUNG CANCER . "
It requires that smokers also be told that , " Bryan was a teenager when he started smoking .
Like many others he never thought it would kill him .
He died aged 34 , just 47 days after he was diagnosed with lung cancer .
He wanted others to know - ' this is what happens to you when you smoke ' . "
More young victims
Share Bryan 's story
Ready to end your slow suicide ?
Visit our quit smoking support group
Have You Tried Smart Turkey ?
More than four in 10 parents with underweight and overweight children mistakenly believe their children are in the average weight range , according to University of Melbourne research .
The study also finds that different methods of assessing children 's weight – such as BMI or waist circumference – result in different rates of children being identified as overweight or underweight .
According to BMI , more children were classified as overweight , than compared to waist circumference .
The study , by doctoral researcher Dr Pene Schmidt , also finds that children who are not in the average weight range , are also more likely to over or underestimate their body size .
It also finds a small number of parents believe their underweight children are overweight or that their overweight children are underweight .
Dr Schmidt says the research points to a need to overhaul the ways in which children 's weight is classified and provide better information to parents about appropriate weight at both ends of the spectrum .
" Parents are unlikely to take the necessary preventative actions if the perception of their child 's weight – whether underweight or overweight – is incorrect , '' she says .
Dr Schmidt , who completed her study in the University of Melbourne 's School of Behavioural Science , analysed data from a survey of more than 2100 Victorian children and their parents aged from 4 - 12 .
While previous research has examined parental perceptions of overweight children , Dr Schmidt 's study is believed to be the first to also examine attitudes toward underweight children using both BMI and WC .
Dr Schmidt compared objective measures of children 's weight – such as Body Mass Index and waist circumference – with subjective perceptions of whether parents and children thought they were overweight , average weight or underweight .
She found that :
More than 4 out of 10 ( 43 per cent ) parents of underweight children were incorrectly considered to be average weight by their parents ;
Almost half ( 49 per cent ) of parents of overweight children incorrectly believed their child was average weight ;
More than 8 out of 10 parents correctly identified average weight children as being average weight ;
A very small percentage of parents assessed underweight children as being overweight ( 1.4 per cent ) and overweight children as being overweight ( 2.5 per cent )
Parents were more likely to report that their sons were underweight and that their girls were overweight .
Parents were less likely to accurately identify that their child was underweight .
Parents of boys were less likely to accurately identify their child as being overweight .
Twice as many parents expressed concern about their child being overweight compared to underweight .
Only 4/10 underweight girls and half of underweight boys correctly assessed their weight .
Dr Schmidt said the study showed that parents and children were struggling to determine whether they were the correct weight .
She said this showed there needed to be more research to determine how to best define children 's weight status – and how to communicate this to children and parents .
" This study also suggests a strong social bias among both parents and children towards thinness , '' she said .
" While public health campaigns are directed towards the prevention of obesity , it 's also important that the messages are getting through to the right groups . "
" In particular we need to make sure that the focus on reducing the number of overweight children does not have the adverse impact of increasing the number of underweight children . "
You can run ... but can you hide ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Is Britain on its way to becoming a surveillance society .
Or has it already arrived ?
We are the CCTV capital of the world and more data is being held on us than ever before , with our phones , our computers , our bankcards and even our cars busily giving away information about where we go and what we do .
You only need one of the hundreds of thousands of users to be careless or corrupt or downright criminal and bad things can start to go wrong
Prof Ross Anderson
Children 's minister statement Putting privacy to the test Your comments :
You can run
The government gathers more data on us than anyone else and has big plans to collect even more .
The Home Office has drawn up plans for the creation of a single central database containing details , though not the content , of every e-mail , text and mobile phone call made in the UK and of every web page browsed .
The government says no decision on the database proposal , which is expected to be included in the upcoming draft Communications Bill , has yet been made .
But in a speech on 15 October , Home Secretary Jacqui Smith said a consultation on the controversial plan would be held in the New Year .
' Orwellian nightmare ' Supporters of the central database say it is necessary as part of the government 's ongoing battle against serious crime and terrorism .
But critics have condemned the database as an Orwellian nightmare , an invasion of privacy incompatible with a free country .
In You can run ...
Panorama takes a look at just how much privacy we actually have in Britain .
ICO PERSONAL DATA TOOLKIT
Information Commissioner 's Office advice on protecting your data [ 506KB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
To put this to the test reporter Simon Boazman sets about finding out how much data is held on him , whether it is secure and whether he can reduce his data trail .
He discovers how his mobile phone , his laptop and his car give up his secrets , how his hospital records are passed outside the NHS and even his child is about to become a number on a government database .
Perhaps stockpiles of personal information would not worry people so much if it could be guaranteed that the data would remain safe and would only be seen by those who need to see it .
But public confidence in the government 's ability to look after data has been dented in recent months with high profile failures , including the loss of a CD carrying all the personal details of every child benefit claimant .
Blagging And as Panorama reports , even without discs getting lost in the post or files being left on trains , getting confidential information out of a government database is frighteningly easy .
To see just how easy , Boazman turns to a blagger - someone who used to earn money tricking information out of clerks and call centre staff who have access to databases .
Armed with some basic details about our reporter - his name , date of birth , address and company name - the blagger is able to find out a surprising amount , including Boazman 's tax and salary records for the last six years .
The government has made headlines for data failures
As the programme reports , the selling of this kind of confidential information is now a thriving global business , with blaggers acting as privacy busters for hire through online auction sites .
And this black market for our data may be set to expand - from January the government will start rolling out a huge database called Contact Point containing a file on each of England 's eleven million children .
Every file in this compulsory national database will hold a child 's name , address , date of birth , unique ID number , parents ' address , school , doctor and any other services that are working with the child .
Potentially over 300,000 people who work with children will have access to Contact Point and , as Ross Anderson , professor of security engineering at Cambridge University , tells the programme , " you only need one of the hundreds of thousands of users to be careless or corrupt or downright criminal and bad things can start to go wrong " .
Single NHS database
In fact , according to the blagger on the trail of Boazman 's details , the consolidation of databases nationwide is making the job of finding out confidential information even easier though departments are stepping up training to combat that .
The biggest state system of them all is the National Health Services ' National programme For IT , currently being rolled out across England .
The use CCTV cameras has grown year on year in Britain
It is one of the most ambitious computer projects ever undertaken - replacing hundreds of different computer systems spread across hospitals and GP practices with new , compatible versions that will allow NHS staff anywhere in England to access a patient 's medical records .
The programme reports on a controversial practice which sees hundreds of millions of hospital records , which can identify patients , passing outside the NHS .
The benefits to research and disease prevention could be huge , but at what cost to privacy ?
And as our reporter finds , stopping your own records from joining this flow is simply not possible without opting out of the NHS system as a whole .
Records error
The National programme For IT also raises concerns about the accuracy of the information being held in our files .
Boazman speaks to Helen Wilkinson , who with the development of the scheme and after a 20 - year career in administration in the health service , became worried about where her medical data was held and whether it was correct .
As a result she requested her medical files and was horrified to discover that she had been incorrectly listed as having had treatment for alcoholism .
All the elements of data capture and surveillance featured in the programme have clear benefits for citizens , but is anybody asking what the cumulative effect on our privacy is ?
You can run ... but can you hide ?
On Monday 27 October at 8.30 pm on BBC One .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
, . -‐'''' ' " " ¨¨¨ヽ ( .＿＿_ , , , ... - ｧァﾌ| あ…ありのまま 今日 起こった事を話すぜ ！ |i i| }! }} /／| |l､{ j} /,,ｨ//｜ 『BWT について調べていたら Suffix Array のライブラリができていた』 i| :!ヾ､_ﾉ／ u {:}//ﾍ |ﾘ u' } , ﾉ _, !V , ﾊ | ／´fト､_{ﾙ{ , ィ'ｅﾗ , ﾀ人 な… 何を言ってるのか わからねーと思う が /' ヾ |宀| {´ , ) ⌒`/ |< ヽﾄiゝ おれも何をされたのかわからなかった… , ﾞ ／ ) ヽ iLﾚ u' | | ヾｌﾄﾊ〉 |／_／ ﾊ !ニ⊇ '／:} V :::::ヽ 頭がどうにかなりそうだった… /／ 二二 二7'T '' ／u ' __ /:::::::/｀ヽ /'´r - ―一ｧ‐ ﾞＴ´ '" ´ ／::::／-‐ ＼ 組み込みの sort関数とかマルチキークイックソートとか / // 广¨´ /' ／:::::／´￣｀ヽ ⌒ヽ そんなチャチなもんじゃあ 断じてねえ ﾉ ' / ノ:::::`ー-､___／:::::／/ ヽ } _／｀丶 /::::::::::::::::::::::::::￣`ー-{:::... ｲ もっと恐ろしい、「 libdivsufsort」の速度を味わったぜ…
... ということで libdivsufsort の
Perl バインディン グ
Algorithm :: DivSufSort を以下に置いておきます。*1
Burrows Wheeler Transform の簡単な解説 Burrows Wheeler Transform ( または Block Sorting、以下 BWT もしくはブロックソーティング ) は、テキストの可逆変換のアルゴリズムで広くは bzip2 の圧縮などに利用されています。BWT で変換したテキストそのものは元テキストとサイズは変わりませんが、圧縮しやすい状態になります。 試しに 、Lorem ipsum - Wikipedia にあ る [ 32 ]
Sed ut perspiciatis , unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium , totam rem aperiam eaque ipsa , quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt , explicabo ...
というテキストを数回続けたテキストを用意して
BWT で変換した出力は以下のようになりました。スクリーンショットを載せておきます。 同じような記号がずらずらと並んでいるのが分かります。このように同じ記号が長く続くデータは圧縮に有利です。この
BWT 後のテキストに先頭移動法を施して更に圧縮しやすい形に変換した後、ハフマン符号や算術符号でエントロピー符号化するのが定番です。
BWT が面白いのは、このずらずらと並んだテキストから元のテキストを復元することができるところです。以下
BWT アルゴリズムの簡単な説明です。 abracadabra という文字列があるとします。これを変換します。 末尾が分かるように $ を追加します → abracadabra $
abracadabra$ の先頭の文字 a を末尾に移動させると bracadabra$a になりま す
bracadabra$a の先頭の文字 b を末尾に移動させると racadabra$ab になります これを繰り返すと以下のような 「 ブロック」が得られます。 abracadabra$ bracadabra$a racadabra$ab acadabra$abr cadabra$abra adabra$abrac dabra$abraca abra$abracad bra$abracada ra$abracadab a$ abracadabr $ abracadabra このブロックの行を辞書式順にソートします。
$ abracadabra a$abracadabr abra$abracad abracadabra$ acadabra$abr adabra$abrac bra$abracada bracadabra$ a cadabra$abra dabra$abraca ra$abracadab racadabra$ab となります。このソート済みブロックの各行の末尾から一文字ずつ取ると ard$rcaaaabb という文字列 ( これを L とします ) が得られます。これが変換済み文字列です。a が連続して出現していることが分かります。先頭の文字を末尾に持ってきてソートしただけなので、この変換済み文字列にはオリジナルの文字列で出現するすべての文字列が含まれているところがポイントです。 次は逆変換のアルゴリズムです。L を辞書式順にソートしてみます。 L F ------ a $ r a d a $ a r a c a a b a b a c a d b r b r すると、先のブロックの先頭の列 $ aaaaabbcdrr ( これを F とします ) が得られました。元々末尾の文字は先頭の文字を持ってきたものなので、ソートするとブロックの先頭が得られるのは当然です。
L、F の文字の対応行をそれぞれ見てみます。 a$ ... ra ... da ... $ a ... ra ... ca ... ab ... ab ... ac ... ad ... br じっくり見てみると全てのペアは abracadabra$ の中の一部分になっていることが分かります。 a$ は abracadabr " a $ "
ra は ab " ra" cadab " ra " $ のいずれ か
da は abraca " da" bra $
... などです。この二文字を適当な順番で繋げていくと元テキストが復元できそうです。 話は変わって、L をどう作ったかを思い出します。先頭の文字
F を順番に末尾 L に持ってきたのでした 。 「 L は常に F のひとつ前 」 の文字を指していることになります。
L F --------- a0 $ r a0 d a 1 $ a 2 r a 3 c a 4 a 1 b0 a 2 b1 a3 c a 4 d b0 r b1 r F の中から、まずオリジナルの文字列の abracadabra の先頭の ' a ' がどれだったかを探してみます。複数出現する文字は分かりやすいように数値を付与しておきます。「 L は常に F のひとつ前 」 です。先頭 a のひとつ前 ...ということは何もないわけですが、ブロックは回転して作っているので末尾を指す $ になります。L が $ の行は F は a 2 です。 この F = a2 が " abracadabra " のはじまりの a です 。
次に L の a2 の行に着目します。 a2 と繋がっているのは F = b1 です
L = b1 のとき F = r
L = r のとき F = a3
L = a3 のとき F = c
L = c のとき F = a4
... と L = $ ( L [ 3 ] ) から出発して L → F → L → F と繋げていくと F[ ] から " abracadabra $ " が出てきました。 このように 先頭文字を末尾に順番に移動したブロックをソートして得られたブロックの末尾の文字を出力するのが
BW 変換 ( = ブロックソーティング )
BWT 変換された文字列をソートして L と F を作り、文字の開始位置から LF マップを辿っていってオリジナルを求めるのが BW 逆変換 になります 。
ブロックソーティングの実装 ブロックソーティングを、まずはコストを考えずに
Perl で実装したものが以下のコードです。 まずはエンコード。入力はかならず最後に " $ " がついていることを前提にしたコードです。 sub bs_encode ( $ ) { my $ text = shift ; my $ len = length $ text ; my @block ; for ( my $ i = 0 ; $ i < $ len ; $ i ++) { $ block [ $i ] = $ text ; $ text .= substr ( $ text , 0 , 1 ) ; substr ( $ text , 0 , 1 ) = '' ; } return join '' , map { substr ( $ _ , - 1 , 1 ) } sort @block ; } テキストを受け取って、ブロックを作ります。最後の行ではブロックを組み込みの sort ( ) ソートして末尾一文字を substr ( )
で取得して結合して返却しています。コストを考えなければ意外と簡単です。
次はデコードです。 sub bs_decode ( $ ) { my $ bwt = shift ; my $ len = length $ bwt ; my @data = split // , $ bwt ; my $ pos = 0 ; for ( ; $ pos < @data ; $ pos ++ ) { if ( $ data [ $ pos ] eq " \$ " ) { last ; } } my @LF Mapping = sort { $ data [ $ a ] cmp $ data [ $b ] } ( 0 . . $ len - 1 ) ; my @buf ; for ( my $ i = 0 ; $ i < $ len ; $ i ++) { $ pos = $ LFMapping [ $ pos ] ; push @buf , $ data [ $ pos ] ; } return join '' , @buf ; } BW 変換済みのテキストを受け取って、まずは $ のインデックスを調べます。続け て L から F を求めます。最終的に必要になるの は F の文字ではなく F がどういう順番で並んでいるかという、位置情報 ( インデックスです ) 。そこで LFMapping という配列 に F 相当の並びのインデックスを作ります。あとは LFMapping を、先に求めた $ のインデックスから開始して辿っていくだけです。 bs_ecnode ( ) 、bs_decode ( ) を実際に使ってみます。 #!/usr /local/bin/perl use strict ; use warnings ; use Perl6 : : Say ; my $ text = shift or die " usage : $ 0 < text > " ; my $ bwt = bs_encode $ text ; say $ bwt ; say bs_decode $ bwt ; % perl block_sorting0.pl abracadabra$ ard$rcaaaabb abracadabra $ という結果となりました 。
デコードの改善 エンコード処理、デコード処理共にアルゴリズムの計算量/空間量的に改善できる余地が相当あります。エンコード処理の方が改善の余地が大きいので後回しにして、まずはデコードを改善してみます。
先のデコード処理では、まず $ の位置を探して、その後にソートを施しています。文字を探索するのに
O(n ) 、LFMapping を作る際のソートに O( nlogn ) のコストがかかっています。ここは分布数え上げソートを使って計算量を減らすことができます。(本質とは少し離れますが、関数の入出力を値渡しにするとテキストデータのコピーが発生するので実際には参照渡しで実装した方が良いでしょう。) use constant UCHAR_MAX => 0x100 ; sub bs_decode ( $ ) { my $ bwt = shift ; my $ len = length $ bwt ; my @data = split // , $ bwt ; my $ pos = - 1 ; my @count ; for ( my $ i = 0 ; $ i < UCHAR_MAX ; $ i ++) { $ count [ $i ] = 0 ; } for ( my $ i = 0 ; $ i < $ len ; $ i ++) { if ( $ data [ $i ] eq " \$ " ) { $ pos = $ i ; } $ count [ ord $ data [ $i ] ] ++ ; } for ( my $ i = 0 ; $ i < UCHAR_MAX ; $ i ++) { $ count [ $i ] += $ count [ $i - 1 ] ; } my @LFmapping ; for ( my $ i = $ len - 1 ; $ i >= 0 ; $ i --) { $ LFmapping [ -- $ count [ ord $ data [ $i ] ] ] = $ i ; } my @buf ; for ( 0 . . $ len - 1 ) { $ pos = $ LFmapping [ $ pos ] ; push @buf , $ data [ $ pos ] ; } return join '' , @buf ; } 分布数え上げソートで記号の出現頻度を数える際、文字列を先頭から舐めることになります。このときに $ をついでに探します。分布数え上げソートのコストは
O( n ) なので計算量が改善されます 。
エンコード処理の改 善 その1 先の実装では、アルゴリズム的にエンコード処理で問題になるのは二点あります。
空間のコスト。先の実装では文字の長さ
N に対して、回転した文字列を N 個もつことになるので合計 N * N = N^2 バイトのメモリを使ってしまう
ソートのコスト まずは空間コストを削減する良い方法は、文字をすべて持つのではなくインデックスで管理することです。よく知られている方法に abracadabra という入力があったら abracadabraabracadabra という同じ文字を繋げる方法があります。 " abracadabra " abracadabra
a" bracadabraa " bracadabra
ab" racadabraab " racadabra
abr " acadabraabr " acadabra と固定幅でポイントをずらしていくと abracadabraabracadabra という 2N の長さの文字列から、ブロックソーティングに必要な文字列すべてが得られることがわかります。L個の各文字列は文字の開始位置つまりオフセットを覚えて置けばよいので、整数
4 バイト * N = 4N サイズになります。結局合計 で 2N + 4N = 6N の空間でブロックソーティングが可能になります。 この方法で実装したブロックソーティングが以下です。ソートの計算量はまだ O( n ^2logn ) です。 sub bs_encode ( $ ) { my $ data = shift ; my $ len = length $ data ; my @datadata = split // , $ data x 2 ; my @index = sort { my $r ; for ( my $ i = 0 ; $ i < $ size ; $ i ++) { $r = $ datadata [ $a + $ i ] cmp $ datadata [ $b + $ i ] ; if ( $r != 0 ) { return $r ; } } return 0 ; } ( 0 . . $ size - 1 ) ; my @buf ; for ( @index ) { push @buf , $ datadata [ $_ + $ len - 1 ] ; } return join '' , @buf ; }
エンコード処理の改善その2 先の改善で空間消費量は 6N に抑えることができましたが、より改善する方法があります。ブロックソートの終了条件について考えます。 abracadabra$ bracadabra$a racadabra$ab acadabra$abr cadabra$abra adabra$abrac dabra$abraca abra$abracad bra$abracada ra$abracadab a$ abracadabr $ abracadabra というブロックをソートするのに実際に必要な情報は
$ を番兵とみなすとこのブロック全てではなく abracadabra$ bracadabra$ racadabra$ acadabra$ cadabra$ adabra$ dabra$ abra$ bra$ ra$ a$ $ という情報だけで済みます。実際にこれをソートすると $ a$ abra$ abracadabra$ acadabra$ adabra$ bra$ bracadabra$ cadabra$ dabra$ ra$ racadabra$ という結果になり、先頭はちゃん と
F になっています。ただしこれだと最終的に知りた い
L が分かりません。ここでアルゴリズムの解説の逆変換でも利用した「 L は常に F のひとつ前 」 という性質を利用します。つまり F[i - 1 ] = L[i ] です! ( F[ i ] の i = 0 の場合は $ が来ます。 ) 結局、この手法を採用すると N + 1 に位置情報の 4 ( N + 1 ) を加えて 5N + 5 バイトでブロックソーティングが可能です。 以上を施したコードは以下になりました。 sub bs_encode ( $ ) { my $ data = shift ; my @data = split // , $ data ; my @index = sort { my $r ; for ( my $ i = 0 ; $ i < @data ; $ i ++) { $r = ord $ data [ $a + $ i ] < = > ord $ data [ $b + $ i ] ; if ( $r != 0 ) { return $r ; } } return 0 ; } ( 0 . . @data - 1 ) ; my @buf ; for my $ i ( @index ) { push @buf , $ data [ $ i - 1 ] ; } return join '' , @buf ; }
libdivsufsort 高速な Suffix Array 構築ライブラリに libdivsufsort があります。libdivsufsort は README によると libdivsufsort uses the following algorithms for suffix sorting .
The improved version of Itho - Tanaka two - stage sorting algorithm . [ 2 ] [ 6 ]
A substring sorting / encoding technique . [ 1 ] [ 3 ]
Maniscalco 's tandem repeat sorting algorithm . [ 5 ]
Larsson - Sadakane sorting algorithm . [ 4 ]
とのことで、二段階ソート法 やLarsson Sadakane 法をベースに実装されていて、5N バイトを使用し最悪ケースで O( nlogn ) でソートします 。( README 内に各手法の論文への参照があります。 ) この辺も後日調べてまとめてみたいと思います。
Algorithm :: DivSufSort divsufsort ( ) 関数を Perl でも利用したい、ということで libdivsufsort の
Perl バインディングであ る
Algorithm :: DivSufSort を作りました ...というのが冒頭の話です。随分遠回りしました。
http://github.com/naoya/perl-algorithm-divsufsort/tree/master libdivsufsort には高速な Suffix ソーティングである divsufsort ( ) 関数以外にも BWT 用の関数も実装されていますが、今のところは divsufsort ( ) のグルーのみの実装となります。 my $ sa = divsufsort ( " abracadabra " ) ; これだけで高速に Suffix Array が構築できます。戻り値は配列リファレンスです。
Algorthm :: DivSufSort の改善点 Algorithm :: DivSufSort は XS ですが int _divsufsort ( SV * src , AV * sa , int size ) { int st , i ; saidx_t * SA ; SA = malloc ( size * sizeof ( saidx_t ) ) ; st = divsufsort ( SvPV ( src , size ) , SA , size ) ; av_extend ( sa , size ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < size ; i++) { av_store ( sa , i , newSViv ( SA [ i ] ) ) ; } free ( SA ) ; return st ; } という実装になっています。divsufsort ( ) に渡す用の saidx_t SA が Suffix Array です。この divsufsort ( ) から構築され た SA を、Perl の配列の構造である AV に定数時間で変換することができればより良いのですが、今はやり方がわからず先頭からコピーしてしまっています。ここは改善できるなら改善したいところです。
In a little farming village 50 miles north of Baghdad , I spoke with a local sheik who described his arrest and detention by the U.S. Army .
For two weeks , he and a dozen other men sat on a patch of open ground surrounded by concertina wire .
Without even a blanket for each of them , they literally baked in the sun and huddled against a three - day rain .
They dug a hole in the ground with their hands for a toilet .
They had to beg for enough water .
Being sent to Abu Ghraib was actually a relief .
This man , responsible for the welfare of 2,000 people in his village , looked at me and very graciously said what I ’d heard so often from Iraqis , " I know there is a difference between the American people and your government . "
Then , as his voice quaked and his eyes welled up he added , " But you say you live in a democracy .
How can this be happening to us ? "
( Ed. note to all stout souls laboring for peace and justice : please observe that he did not ask , " When are you going to elect a new president ? " )
It is not pleasant to conclude that , contrary to what you ’ve learned all your life , the place you call home has become just another empire intent on enforcing its will on humanity .
Our discomfort is trivial compared to the suffering of those living where our missiles land , but still there are days when the latest news from the colonies leaves you screaming with anguish and rage against the terror rained upon the innocent without end .
It ’s enough to make you want to strike back in any way possible , understanding that doing so would be to join those who rose up against impossible odds and at times fought even the mighty Roman Empire or England ’s feudal aristocracy to a bloody standstill .
An equally long record of nonviolent struggle parallels that courageous and violent history .
We here today are the latest in an honorable , unbroken line of people who have refused to accept injustice , hunger , war and ignorance as normal and who used the power of nonviolence to make change .
I ’d like to share with you just a few of our predecessors ’ stories .
In Judea , under the rule of Pontius Pilate , the Roman Empire attempted to publicly display imperial images , a move which sparked street demonstrations .
Surrounded by soldiers and threatened with death , the Judeans held their ground and forced the empire to back down .
After WWI , Britain ignored requests from Egyptian anti-colonial activists to leave .
Saad Zaghlul led the organizing of mass civil disobedience in the streets .
Students , merchants , peasants , women , Muslims and Christians brought normal life to a halt and the revolts forced London to issue a unilateral declaration of Egyptian independence in 1922 .
In February 1943 , Nazis arrested 1800 Jewish men in Berlin , and shipped some of them to Auschwitz .
The Aryan wives of these men and 4,000 supporters demonstrated in Rosenstrasse , staring down Nazi machine guns for a week .
Worried about the effect on civilian morale , Goebbels and Hitler ordered the men released and some even returned from Auschwitz with numbers tattooed on their arms .
The Cape Town Peace March in September 1989 , part of countless protests in South Africa , is considered by some to be the beginning of the end of apartheid .
In the wake of Argentina ’s economic crisis , about 200 companies were " recovered " by their workers and turned into co-operatives , including the Hotel Bauen and the ceramics factory Fabrica sin Patrones or " Factory without Bosses , " where 410 people now work .
And just three weeks ago , Ecuador approved a new Constitution with plans to increase national control of oil and mining , give free health care to older citizens , extend civil marriages to gay partners , and allow women , the poor and Ecuador ’s large indigenous community to have more say in the running of the country .
In this country we are familiar with how Abolitionists defied Federal law and refused to return fugitive slaves ; how generations of suffragists agitated to win the vote for women ; how the modern civil rights movement in the 50’s and 60 ’s tore down legalized segregation ; how the Berrigans and others burned and poured blood on selective service records during the Viet Nam war ; and how just this past May Day , the Longshore and Warehouse Union struck to protest the war and tied up every pound of freight from Seattle to San Diego .
There are more histories , and powerful ones , besides these – ones that did n’t fit within the popular myths of America , so they were buried .
For example , the Populist movement of the late 1800 ’s culminated in the People 's Party platform of 1892 , which called for public ownership of telephone , telegraph , and railroads , stating , " The time has come when the railroad corporations will either own the people or the people must own the railroads . "
That year Populists won 11 seats in Congress and many more in state legislatures , while their presidential nominee received over a million votes and won four states .
Such electoral success only happened because a democratic insurgency organized carefully for a decade and accomplished a transformation that was not only political , but also cultural , affecting every institution , even the courts .
Here is just one example of many court decisions from that period .
After agreeing that the North River Sugar Corp. had violated its corporate charter , the New York Court of Appeals in 1890 disbanded it with these words : " The judgment sought against the defendant is one of corporate death ...
The life of a corporation is , indeed , less than that of the humblest citizen . "
Imagine a time to come when a democratic culture insists and inspires a modern court to rule that Raytheon Corporation or Blackwater LLC is indeed less important than the humblest citizen , dissolves them for trying to buy off Congress and distributes its assets in the public interest !
That has happened in our history and it can happen again .
But our actions must be bolder .
We have to quit being " good soldiers " all the time .
Bringing down the Berlin Wall did not require legislation , nor will legislation bring down today ’s biggest empire .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
HEADLINE : McCain Slips in Tub , Tina Fey Is President !
I ’m sure McCain was despondent when they told him women could actually vote , but he seized the opportunity to secure that vote by deciding to select a woman , any woman , to be his running mate .
“ Alright , fellas , what we need here is a female that can fake her way through understanding politics .
Also she has to be able to pretend to read and write .
This will be tough , but we can do it .
Hell , we sent a chimp to space did n’t we ?
Now I suggest you start checking the most high class brothels in town .
One of them is bound to have a woman with some poise ! ”
Whether you believe it or not , please read about Palin ’s “ Babygate ” cover up .
I ’m not sure what to believe , but damn if it is n’t a funny / tragic / still funny story :
UPDATED :
I have a feeling Obama wo n’t be able to bring this level of Reality TV drama to the White House .
It ’s simply an area where he will not be able to compete , and that may cost him the presidency .
Here are a few more links for your enjoyment / sadness :
Well , if your the “ Big 3 ” , maybe .
Depends on what your I.Q. level is .
I retired many years ago .
I was very successful as a SBO .
I was a excecutive with the 12th largest Corporation in the World before I became a multi SBO .
In the forty + years I operated my Small Businesses no one ever offered to bail me out of any situation (s ) that I may have experienced .
The “ Big 3 ” reminds me of the Goverment .
No individual responsibility .
No one responsible for the bottom line .
I found that most of my problems could always be solved with an open mind and a willingness to re-direct my efforts .
The Big 3 never seems to realize these options .
No one ever made an offer like this to me .
My employees would have benefited even further than they did if someone had .
Not to many times in your life is there going to be an opportunity presented to you like this : Maybe never again . . .
Suppose you could get all the Classified Advertising for your business FREE !
Suppose you could also get earnings from those ad ’s , besides selling your products or business .
Suppose you could get all your employees additional income from those FREE Ad ”s .
Suppose you could show each of your employees how they could earn even other monies by simply placing FREE Ad ’s of your products , business or items of there own ?
And in doing that , increase your bottom line .
Would having each employee acting as a seperate sales agent through each of those FREE Ad ’s increase your overall profit structure ?
Could you handle the extra Income ?
All from something that is FREE !
On the Internet ’s top search engines FREE !
Lets say your a Realty agent and you want to place an ad for a Condo you have listed .
But you know your area is not good for condo sales right now .
If you could target a specific area to advertise your condo , you know it would probably sell .
With GOGOHUB you can do just that , FREE !
and then get paid for doing it !
All you have to do is keep your ad (s ) posted every thirty day’s .
Lets say your an Automobile Dealer and you have the Trucks to sell that would be of interest to a business in a certain part of the country .
Would it benefit you if you could target that area with a classified ad ?
And get paid for running your own ad ?
FREE !
Maybe your a small manufacturer and you have a product that is dericted to a certain industry in several countries or area’s .
Would it benefit your company to direct ad ’s to those who may be looking for your product ?
FREE !
Any FREE ad can be directed to any area for your product .
Direct your FREE ad ’s any postal Zip Code in the United States or any other Country and at the same time , through GoGoHubs Geo Targeting you will also be posting on every other Search Engine on the internet .
Thats right .
If you targeted the New York City zip code for your prtoduct anyone looking for that product in New York would see your product on Every Search Engine on the Internet .
FREE !
If anyone in the “ Big3 ” is reading this .
This could be your other option , rather than chapter 13 .
That wo n’t happen .
Big Corps like these are usally to much into Board Meetings disscussing economics of their own making rather than getting down to basic ways of making money that you as a Small Business Owner has to do daily .
Right now , GoGoHub is looking to sign up 1 Million Free Avertisers for now and through 2009 .
After that ?
Who knows ?
But right now you can do all of the above for FREE !
And GET PAID FOR DOING IT !
Just log into one of the following who are already doing it .
Watch the Demo and then sign up FREE !
at : www.AABill.gogohub.com or www.ChristineB2008.gogohub.com or www.TheodorB2008.gogohub.com or www.SuzieQ47.gogohub.com or www.WOXOF.gogohub.com or www.droid.gogohub.com.
or www.w8nduck.gogohub.com or www.Trustee.gogohub.com or www.ntpbill.gogohub.com
I could list more .
But I think you should see the point by now .
These SBO ’s are on track .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YxdlYFCp5IcTokyo programmer , artist and turntablist Daito Manabe attaches electrodes to his face to trigger facial expressions using music samples , as shown by the video to the right .
" Yes , the electricity is making my face move , " Manabe told Wired.com via e-mail .
" There are eight channels [ of ] audio to move my face . "
Some commenters on YouTube claim it 's fake , but I 'm buying it partly on the strength of his previous test videos .
If this is a hoax , it 's an elaborate , well - executed and fairly pointless one :
Test 1
Test 2
" Redefining the existent media and technologies from unique angles , I
have been active in the various fields , such as art , design , and evenresearch and development , " explains Manabe on his web page .
" I produce the output of sounds , images , andlight through analyzing and transforming the numerical values gainedfrom a various sensors and input devices . "
Why not implement the process in reverse , so that the facial muscles control the music ?
While most musicians probably have n't been waiting with bated breathfor electric sensors they can tape to their faces , Manabe 's work could pointthe way to musical instruments with more direct connections to our brain ' selectrical impulses .
Traditional instruments require the brain to trigger movements in arms andfingers to produce music , whereas something like that would work directly off of theface – a notoriously expressive part of the body with over 50 distinctmuscles .
( Update : This story originally assumed that Manabe was using his face to trigger the music rather than the other way around . )
See Also :
( Thanks , Chris )
Note : Revised 10/1/08 in response to Jetse ’s comments below .
Key revisions : ( a) Renaming the “ manifesto to a “ platform , ” and ( b ) An open invitation for everyone to chime in , remix , add , change : consider this the beginnings of an open source platform on positive science fiction , and use it as you ’d like , ( c ) some clarification about characters , big and small .
Okay , so it seems that the debate about positive SF has heated up .
Starting with Damien Walters ’ blogpost in the Guardian , continuing with Lou Anders and Jetse de Vries and Gareth Lyn Powell and Kathryn Cramer .
I feel slightly responsible for all of this .
After all , following Jetse in January , I called for positive change in SF back in February , and followed it up with clarification after that original post was picked up on i09 , Futurismic , WorldChanging , and Velcro City here .
And , despite lots of words about how positive science fiction can still be gritty , realistic , and encompass lots and lots of scary crap , people still do n’t know what positive science fiction is .
So , here ’s a shot at a definition :
Positive science fiction starts with acknowledging that there are positive things happening , now .
Whether we ’re talking about real advances in science , or simply the fact that there are people out there trying to do good things , the world is not , and never will be , a monolithic entity seeking to destroy the ecosystem and enslave the population .
Such a monoculture is impossible outside of scenarios that include complete mind control of everyone on the planet .
And novels set in such a world would be very , very boring .
Positive science fiction is about the possibility of positive change .
If the system is so big and the characters so small , there is no possibility for change .
All we can do is watch as the mechanism of the world turns .
All we can take away from this is that we can do nothing ; we might as well roll around on the ground , crying , saying , “ Woe is me !
There is no hope ! ”
There has to be a possibility of change .
Even if that change is n’t fully realized .
Even if that change is n’t what we expect .
Even if that change is , in itself , frightening .
Positive science fiction has a protagonist or protagonists that can effect change .
Small characters are perfectly fine — but if they ca n’t pick themselves up and rise above their origins , then why are we spending any time with them ?
Why ca n’t we include a full palette of characters who are captains of industry , or doods - next - door with a mission , or brilliant scientists , or girls who bootstapped themselves to fame , or even trust fund babies bent on doing good–or evil–or simply serving their own complex personalities ?
We need to remember that Elon Musk is not only an “ Evil CEO , ” but that he made his billions in the dot - boom ecommerce days–and is now head of such forward - looking companies as SpaceX and Tesla Motors .
It seems to me that many authors would be well - served by continuing to spend time in business and industry ( and not just at a copywriter level ) .
The perspective is invaluable in creating real , believable characters on every level .
Positive science fiction is n’t afraid to look at challenging definitions of “ positive . ”
What we consider “ positive ” is heavily colored by our politics , our scarcity - based economy , and the current state of the world .
A positive mid-future or far - future world might be very , very different than we expect , especially if we start heading into post - scarcity based scenarios .
I think of an iPod Touch full of rap videos and Torchwood torrents being transported back to Victorian England .
Would they be in awe of our technology — or would they recoil from our mores ?
Positive science fiction inspires people to act and influence positive change .
I do n’t know about you , but I do n’t want to live in a world of slackers who can do nothing more than complain about “ the man ” and “ the system . ”
I want people to be inspired to get the education and do the work necessary to get us off the planet .
To fix the environment .
To figure out systems that do n’t need to go through destructive boom and bust cycles .
To extend our lifespans .
To discover wholly new frontiers .
To create new life .
To develop true artificial intelligence .
To make workable nanotechnology .
To create space elevators .
We will not do this by wallowing in sorrow ; we will not do this by bemoaning our fate ; we will not do this by laying about on the couch .
So , is this the do - all prescription for instant science fiction relevance and growth ?
No , of course not .
Like I append many of my posts with : this is one doods opinion .
This is a start .
If you ’d like to chime in , that ’s great .
If you ’d like to take this piece in its entirety and remix it , change it , and make it your own , have at it .
I have only a single agenda : I ’d like to see science fiction succeed .
And , in the end , I agree with Jetse .
Moving science fiction in a more positive direction is n’t an option , it ’s a requirement .
If we ca n’t help point the ways to the answers , then what use are we , really ?
September 27th , 2008 / 1,386 Comments »
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
According to Fortune magazine , more than one Halloween mask retailer has claimed they can correctly predict who will win the White House .
Spirit Halloween , the largest seasonal Halloween vendor in the US , says Bush outsold Kerry two to one in 2004 , Gore sold 14 percent fewer masks in 2000 , and Clinton masks won with 71 percent in 1996 .
We decided to update Fortune ‘s presidential mask findings for 2008 thus far ; here ’s what we found .
At Buycostumes.com , which tracks the sales of its paper masks , Obama is currently ahead 54 to 46 percent against McCain , though Sarah Palin masks are outselling Joe Biden masks three to one .
Buycostumes.com ’s poll page has a US map with state breakdowns , including a few noteworthy results : Texas and Mississippi have gone blue this year , while Rhode Island , Vermont , and Maine favor Republican masks .
The erratic results suggest that some are buying masks to support while others to mock the candidates , though in the past , total sales — regardless of motive — have predicted the winning candidate .
Over at Amazon.com a running tally updates each hour with the latest sales of vinyl and paper masks .
Obama ’s ahead there , too , though his mask is slightly cheaper : $ 12.90 versus $ 12.95 for McCain .
Overall this year , Obama is ahead , with 66 percent of national sales .
His mask has hefty margins in all of the swing states , though McCain ’s is close in Delaware , Georgia , Mississippi , and South Carolina .
But nothing is set in stone :
Most costume sales are made in the last two weeks before the holiday .
Can your Halloween garb affect the election ?
Notes Buycostumes.com , “ This poll can be bought ! ”
— Brittney Andres
Images from Disguise.com
Double digit gap
A reliable source tells me that the CBS / New York Times poll due out later today will have Obama up 11 among likely voters , ticking down two points since their poll a week ago , but still a very , very wide margin in the waning days of the contest .
( My general reluctance to focus on horserace numbers in this case overcome by how much I like scoops , and how close we are to election day . )
UPDATE : Grumbles a conservative reader : " Do you know whether that was a poll of the newsrooms , or the population at large ? "
Voter registration group offices raided in fraud probe RAW STORY
Published : Tuesday October 7 , 2008
Print This Email
This ACORN spokesman calls raid ' a stunt ' Nevada authorities have raided Las Vegas office of an organization that aims to register low - income and minority voters as part of a voter fraud investigation .
The Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now , or ACORN , is being probed for evidence of voter fraud , and the Nevada Secretary of State tells the Associated Press the organization is accused of submitting multiple registration applications with made - up or duplicated names .
An ACORN spokesman tells RAW STORY the group has been cooperating with the probe into suspect registration forms for the last 10 months .
" We look at this as a stunt , basically , " spokesman Charles Jackson said in a brief phone interview .
The group elaborated in an e-mailed statement from Bertha Lewis , its interim chief organizer .
 Over the past year , ACORN has worked hard to help over 80,000 people in Clark County register to vote .
As part of our nonpartisan voter registration program , we have review all the applications submitted by our canvassers .
When we have identified suspicious applications , we have separated them out and flagged them for election officials .
We have zero tolerance for fraudulent registrations .
We immediately dismiss employees we suspect of submitting fraudulent registrations .
For the past 10 months , any time ACORN has identified a potentially fraudulent application , we turn that application into election officials separately and offer to provide election officials with the information they would need to pursue an investigation or prosecution of the individual .
Election officials routinely ignored this information and failed to act .
In early July , ACORN asked to meet with election officials to express our concerns that they were not acting on information ACORN had presented to them .
ACORN met with Clark County elections officials and a representative of the Secretary of State on July 17th .
ACORN pleaded with them to take our concerns about fraudulent applications seriously .
One week later , elections officials asked us to provide them with a second copy of what we had previously provided to them .
ACORN responded by giving election officials copies of 46 problem application packages ,  which involved 33 former canvassers .
On September 23 , ACORN had received a subpoena dated September 19^th requesting information on 15 employees , all of whom had been included in the packages we had previously submitted to election officials .
ACORN provided our personnel records on these 15 employees on September 29 .
Today 's raid by the Secretary of States Office is a stunt that serves no useful purpose other than discredit our work registering Nevadans and distracting us from the important work ahead of getting every eligible voter to the polls . 
According to AP , state and federal authorities formed a election - fraud task force two months ago to probe allegations in Nevada .
Nevada , which has five electoral votes , is one of the most fiercely contested swing states in the 2008 presidential election , with most observers concluding that Democrat Barack Obama has a decent shot of picking up the state that was carried by President Bush in 2000 and 2004 .
Voting rights activists have previously worried that the government could use allegations of fraud to intimidate legitimate voters from casting ballots on Election Day , and ACORN 's activity has come under Justice Department scrutiny in the past .
DEVELOPING ...
The story goes that if you put a frog in a pot , and turn up the heat slowly enough , the frog will not realize it ’s being cooked until it ’s too late .
But if you turn up the heat suddenly , it will spring to its senses and leap out of the pot , thus saving its life .
I give you , Alaska State Attorney General Talis Colberg .
Talis Colberg , the erstwhile Mat - Su Valley lawyer specializing in worker ’s compensation claims , found himself hitched to Sarah Palin ’s rising star .
When she was tapped to be McCain ’s running mate , his reaction was “ Wow .
I work for her . ”
>>>>HOCKEY BUZZER <<<<< Actually , the Attorney General is supposed to be working for the people of Alaska .
To help our Governor and our AG remember this , a grass roots group spontaneously emerged , calling themselves Alaskans for Truth .
This group , organized a rally in part to demand the resignation of Talis Colberg for telling state employees that they did n’t need to comply with legislative subpoenas issued as part of the ethics investigation that has become known as “ Troopergate . ”
This smacked a little too much of Alberto Gonzales and Harriet Meiers for many Alaskans , and 2000 signatures were toted down to the Governor ’s Anchorage office and presented to Palin spokesman Bill McAllister , ( when Lt. Governor Sean Parnell chose to remain in the comfort and safety of his office ) .
The rally and the petition drop - off were covered quite well by our local news media , and thanks to this and the efforts of several determined and ticked - off bloggers , it got some national play as well .
Multiple complaints have been filed against Colberg to the Alaska Bar , and despite a lawsuit claiming the subpoenas are illegitimate , a judge ’s ruling this week said , basically , “ I do n’t think so . ”
An emergency appeal was filed with the Alaska Supreme Court which will be heard this coming Wednesday .
So there ’s the set up for you .
Talis Colberg = frog .
Pot of water = Blissfully lounging in Palinworld and feeling all invincible .
Flame turned suddenly up to the highest setting = Alaskans for Truth + media + the law .
It seems as though the old adage has worked , because Colberg has suddenly launched himself out of the pot , and landed squarely on his soggy rump .
Seems like those seven state employees who were told by Colberg that showing up was optional , have had a change of heart .
All seven employees have decided , in light of Superior Court Judge Peter Michalski ’s decision , to cooperate with the legislative investigation , according to a statement today from Colberg ’s office .
“ Despite my initial concerns about the subpoenas , we respect the court ’s decision to defer to the Legislature , ” Colberg said .
“ We are working with Senator Hollis French to arrange for the testimony of the seven state employee plaintiffs . ”
How about that …
Can a frog tuck its tail between its legs ?
Meanwhile , Alaska First Dude Todd Palin is now back in Alaska .
He has agreed to testify to the other investigation into Troopergate by the State Personnel board .
Palin initiated this investigation of herself , claiming that the legitimate investigation which came about through unanimous , bipartisan approval had become “ political ” once she joined the McCain ticket .
Will the Supreme Court ruling have any affect on whether Todd has a change of heart and testifies to the Legislative Council ?
And how much will this delay the report ?
Further developments are anyone ’s guess .
McCain Will Cut Medicare and Medicaid to Fund Health Plan
Created : October 06 , 2008 11:55 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
While the McCain campaign ’s attacks on Sen. Barack Obama ’s connection to former Weatherman William Ayers will likely dominate today ’s news cycle , the Wall Street Journal is out with a story this morning with far larger implications for millions of Americans .
According to the newspaper :
John McCain would pay for his health plan with major reductions to Medicare and Medicaid , a top aide said , in a move that independent analysts estimate could result in cuts of $ 1.3 trillion over 10 years to the government programs .
The Republican presidential nominee has said little about the proposed cuts , but they are needed to keep his health - care plan “ budget neutral , ” as he has promised .
The McCain campaign has n’t given a specific figure for the cuts , but did n’t dispute the analysts ’ estimate .
In the months since Sen. McCain introduced his health plan , statements made by his campaign have implied that the new tax credits he is proposing to help Americans buy health insurance would be paid for with other tax increases .
But Douglas Holtz - Eakin , Sen. McCain ’s senior policy adviser , said Sunday that the campaign has always planned to fund the tax credits , in part , with savings from Medicare and Medicaid .
Those government health - care programs serve seniors , poor families and the disabled .
Medicare spending for the fiscal year ended Sept. 30 is estimated at $ 457.5 billion .
Mr. Holtz - Eakin said the Medicare and Medicaid changes would improve the programs and eliminate fraud , but he did n’t detail where the cuts would come from .
“ It ’s about giving them the benefit package that has been promised to them by law at lower cost , ” he said .
An analysis ( PDF ) by the non-partisan Tax Policy Center , the report cited in the Journal , found that the McCain health plan would “ would dramatically change how many Americans obtain health insurance coverage , make coverage less accessible for those with health problems , have a high budget cost but have little effect on the number uninsured . ”
On top of the $ 457.5 billion in federal spending for Medicare in fiscal year 2008 , the federal government contributed $ 206.9 billion ( PDF ) in grants to the states for Medicaid .
That totals $ 664.4 billion for the two programs .
If McCain plans to cut an average of $ 130 billion annually for the next 10 years to pay for his health care plan , that ’s a spending reduction of nearly 20 percent .
( The Tax Policy Center did not appear to factor in the effects of massive cuts to the federal programs on health insurance coverage . )
Surely , there are ways to make the programs more efficient .
But a cut that large would seem likely to affect those currently covered by the programs .
If this is the case , the McCain campaign should be more open in discussing what its real intentions are — and what the ramifications would be for the elderly and low - income Americans who depend on Medicare and Medicaid for their health care .
KDE 4.1.2 Release Announcement
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
KDE Community Improves Desktop with KDE 4.1.2 Codenamed " Codename "
KDE Community Ships Second Translation and Service Release of the 4.1 Free Desktop , Containing Numerous Bugfixes , Performance Improvements and Translation Updates
October 3 , 2008 .
The KDE Community today announced the immediate availability of " Codename " , ( a.k.a KDE 4.1.2 ) , another bugfix and maintenance update for the latest generation of the most advanced and powerful free desktop .
Codename is a monthly update to KDE 4.1 .
It ships with a basic desktop and many other packages ; like administration programs , network tools , educational applications , utilities , multimedia software , games , artwork , web development tools and more .
KDE 's award - winning tools and applications are available in more than 50 languages .
Desktop Effects in the KDE 4.1 workspace Desktop Effects in the KDE 4.1 workspace
KDE , including all its libraries and its applications , is available for free under Open Source licenses .
KDE can be obtained in source and various binary formats from http://download.kde.org and can also be obtained on CD - ROM or with any of the major GNU / Linux and UNIX systems shipping today .
As a service release , the changelog contains a list of bugfixes and improvements .
Note that the changelog is usually incomplete , for a complete list of changes that went into KDE 4.1.2 , you can browse the Subversion log .
The most significant changes are :
Deleting files got a nice 32 times speedup .
Many bugfixes and improvements in KHTML and its new JavaScript bytecode interpreter Frostbyte .
" Stop animations " is back in Konqueror .
The Kopete Instant Messenger team fixed crashes in the ICQ , Yahoo and Gadu - Gadu protocols .
Comicbook backend fixes in the document viewer Okular
Fixes in Gwenview 's thumbnailing ,
Various crash fixes in KGpg , the PGP security utility .
To find out more about the KDE 4.1.x desktop and applications , please refer to the KDE 4.1.0 and KDE 4.0.0 release notes .
KDE 4.1.2 is a recommended update for everyone running KDE 4.1.1 or earlier .
This release will be followed up by more x.y.z updates over the next months and ultimately by a new feature release , KDE 4.2.0 this coming January .
Extragear
Since KDE 4.0.0 , Extragear applications are also part of regular KDE releases .
Extragear applications are KDE applications that are mature , but not part of one of the other KDE packages .
Installing KDE 4.1.2 Binary Packages
Packagers .
Some Linux / UNIX OS vendors have kindly provided binary packages of KDE 4.1.2 for some versions of their distribution , and in other cases community volunteers have done so .
Some of these binary packages are available for free download from KDE 's http://download.kde.org.
Additional binary packages , as well as updates to the packages now available , may become available over the coming weeks .
Package Locations .
For a current list of available binary packages of which the KDE Project has been informed , please visit the KDE 4.1.2 Info Page .
Compiling KDE 4.1.2
The complete source code for KDE 4.1.2 may be freely downloaded .
Instructions on compiling and installing KDE 4.1.2 are available from the KDE 4.1.2 Info Page .
Supporting KDE
KDE is a Free Software community that exists and grows only because of the help of many volunteers that donate their time and effort .
KDE is always looking for new volunteers and contributions , whether it is help with coding , bug fixing or reporting , writing documentation , translations , promotion , money , etc .
All contributions are gratefully appreciated and eagerly accepted .
Please read through the Supporting KDE page for further information .
About KDE
KDE is an international technology team that creates free and open source software for desktop and portable computing .
Among KDE 's products are a modern desktop system for Linux and UNIX platforms , comprehensive office productivity and groupware suites and hundreds of software titles in many categories including Internet and web applications , multimedia , entertainment , educational , graphics and software development .
KDE software is translated into more than 60 languages and is built with ease of use and modern accessibility principles in mind .
KDE 's full - featured applications run natively on Linux , BSD , Solaris , Windows and macOS .
Trademark Notices .
KDE ® and the K Desktop Environment® logo are registered trademarks of KDE e.V. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds .
UNIX is a registered trademark of The Open Group in the United States and other countries .
All other trademarks and copyrights referred to in this announcement are the property of their respective owners .
Press Contacts
For more information send us an email :
press@kde.org
Declaring that 750,000 Americans are out of work because of intellectual property piracy , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce is urging President Bush to sign legislation creating a cabinet - level copyright czar to oversee expanded IP enforcement efforts .
Those are eye - popping numbers , equaling 8 percent of the official number of 9.4 million unemployed Americans .
But the origin of that 750,000 number – which was included Thursday in a Chamber of Commerce lobbying letter ( .pdf ) to the president – is a mystery .
A spokesman for the Chamber of Commerce said Friday that the nation 's largest business lobbying group obtained the figure from " several federal government departments and agencies , " including the U.S. Department of Commerce .
In an e-mail , chamber spokesman Alex Burgos provided a link to a Sept. 21 , 2005 statement from then - Commerce Secretary Carlos Gutierrez citing the 750,000 figure .
The U.S. Department of Commerce , however , said Friday that it obtained the number from the Chamber of Commerce .
" That information was provided by the Chamber of Commerce , " Emily Lawrimore , a U.S. Department of Commerce spokeswoman , said in a telephone interview .
" That 's where we received the information from . "
The 750,000 figure is repeated on the Chamber of Commerce ' swebsite section on intellectual property , but cites the office of U.S. Customs and Border Protection as the source .
And then there 's the same number again appearing on a 2007 jointU.S. Department of Commerce - U.S. Chamber of Commerce press release .
A link on the press release goes to the Commerce Department 's trademark division dealing with small business .
Atop the website is this flash message we captured with a screenshot :
A teacher ’s gender reassignment surgery has caught the attention of some parents who want to know why the school district did n’t notify them ahead of time about the change .
A music teacher at Foxboro Elementary School , who was formerly a woman , returned to school as a man at the beginning of the school year .
Some parents told Travis Unified School District that they feel like their rights to know were violated .
“ All the information came straight from our kids and did n’t come from the school board or the teachers … this has all been second - hand information , ” parent Melissa Oiland said .
“ I understand what parents are saying , but we have a right as an employer , we have a legal obligation as an employer to protect our employees , ” Superintendent Kate Wren Gavlak said .
Gavlak said the district consulted with lawyers and determined that legally , it could not disclose any information about the teacher ’s gender change .
” We will not be discussing personal matters with either the students , or the parents or the community at large … because we cannot , ” Gavlak said .
Parent Angela Weinzinger , who has three children at the school , said she has since transferred her children out of the class .
“ I was n’t given the opportunity to make a choice on what I wanted to do with the situation , ” Weinzinger said .
So far , 23 students from 15 different families have transferred their children out of the music class and into a physical education class .
( KCRA3 )
“ The situation ” you mean someone ’s gender ?
They feel that their rights have been violated because the school refused to violate the rights of the teacher and disclose their surgical history ?
Fuck that noise .
I understand it ’s a conversation that parents were n’t expecting to have with their kids but teaching their children to hate and fear those who are different–talking about people as if they have communicable diseases just because they ’re trans , removing their children from the classroom as if they ’ll be in danger or as if that will somehow remove the children ’s awareness of what is going on –is teaching them an awful lesson .
“ The situation ” indeed .
The entitlement is deafening .
If you ’re going to be different you need to announce your intentions in advance so we can make time to shun you .
Please .
PNC , down only 13 % this year - to - date , very good for a bank stock , is acquiring beleaguered Ohio bank NCC for $ 5.5 billion .
The price represents a huge discount to the prevailing market price before open today and NCC was down 34 % in early trading .
PNC is issuing $ 7.7 billion in stock and warrants to the U.S. government under TARP .
PNC expects National City merger costs of about $ 2.3 billion .
The Treasury money gives the new entity about 10 % in Tier 1 capital .
“ The acquisition of National City will increase our core deposit base to $ 180 billion , making PNC the fifth largest U.S. bank by deposits .
At a time when core funding is key , we see our deposit strength as an important success factor , ” PNC said in a press release .
NCC has no statement on its website as of 940 AM ET .
National City posted a huge loss , put aside more money for losses and announced plans to eliminate 4,000 jobs .
Its third - quarter loss came to $ 729 million , up from $ 19 million a year earlier .
This has to be a very good deal for PNC and its shareholders .
It is a good deal for NCC ’s depositors as it avoids bankruptcy but its shareholders are getting killed .
In my opinion , this is further proof that U.S. Government officials are willing to pull out all the stops to keep the financial sector from collapsing .
But , it also shows that manybanks are effectively bankrupt and that their shares are absolutely worthless .
More details to follow .
See NCC - related writedowns and stories at the credit crisis timeline .
PNC Statement
PNC to Acquire National City Merger will create fifth largest U.S. banking deposit franchise PNC to further strengthen capital position PITTSBURGH , Oct. 24 /PRNewswire -FirstCall/ — The PNC Financial Services Group , Inc. ( NYSE : PNC ) and National City Corporation ( NYSE : NCC ) today announced that they have signed a definitive agreement for PNC to acquire National City for $ 2.23 per share , or an aggregate fixed amount of approximately $ 5.2 billion in PNC stock .
Additionally $ 384 million of cash is payable to certain warrant holders .
Total consideration approximates National City ’s market capitalization as of the close of business on October 23 , 2008 .
National City shareholders will be entitled to 0.0392 share of PNC common stock for each share of National City .
( Photo : https://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20081024/NEF023
) ( Logo : https://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20000307/PHTU015 ) PNC plans to issue to the U.S. Treasury $ 7.7 billion of preferred stock and related warrants under the TARP Capital Purchase Program subject to standard closing requirements .
The U.S. Treasury Department approval of PNC ’s participation enables PNC to further strengthen its capital position , resulting in an estimated pro forma Tier 1 capital ratio for the combined company of approximately 10 percent .
“ The acquisition of National City will increase our core deposit base to $ 180 billion , making PNC the fifth largest U.S. bank by deposits .
At a time when core funding is key , we see our deposit strength as an important success factor .
Upon closing the transaction , we will implement our successful business model and execute our strategies for managing risk , achieving cost efficiencies and growing high - quality revenue streams , ” said James E. Rohr , chairman and chief executive officer of PNC .
“ We believe this strategic combination will continue PNC ’s efforts to build capital strength and shareholder value .
We are also gratified that we have been selected to participate in Treasury ’s Capital Purchase Program , which has helped to put this transaction on a very solid footing . ”
The transaction has an estimated internal rate of return to PNC of more than 15 percent and is expected to be accretive to PNC ’s earnings in the second year .
PNC ’s fair value adjustments and provisions for future losses of National City ’s current loan portfolio will bring the cumulative impairment of these loans to approximately 17.5 percent .
PNC will continue to liquidate non- core and impaired loans .
“ The combined company will have greater scale and scope , enhancing service to our customers and communities and providing greater opportunities for our employees .
This transaction is about two companies that fit well together in terms of geography , products and services , ” said Peter E. Raskind , chairman , president and chief executive officer of National City .
Upon closing the transaction , Raskind will be appointed a PNC vice chairman , and one National City director will join the board of the combined company .
In addition to ranking fifth nationally in deposits , the combination with National City is expected to place PNC fourth among U.S. banks in number of branches .
It will give PNC the No. 1 deposit share position in Pennsylvania , Ohio and Kentucky and will rank the company No. 2 in Indiana and Maryland .
PNC expects to incur merger and integration costs of approximately $ 2.3 billion .
The transaction is expected to result in the reduction of approximately $ 1.2 billion of noninterest expense through the elimination of operational and administrative redundancies .
Under terms of the agreement , PNC will acquire all outstanding shares of common stock of National City in a stock - for - stock transaction , which has been approved by the Boards of Directors of both companies .
In connection with the transaction , National City has issued to PNC an option to acquire 19.9 percent of National City ’s common stock that becomes exercisable under certain specified circumstances .
Corsair Capital , LLC , which owns approximately 7.8 percent of outstanding National City common shares , has agreed to vote all National City common shares it owns in favor of the deal and otherwise support the transaction .
After closing , PNC intends to merge National City ’s banking affiliates into PNC Bank and they will assume the PNC Bank name .
The merged entity will have its headquarters in Pittsburgh .
Based on PNC ’s closing NYSE stock price of $ 56.88 on October 23 , 2008 , the transaction values each share of National City ’s common stock at $ 2.23 .
The aggregate consideration is composed of a fixed number of approximately 92 million shares of PNC common stock .
Additionally $ 384 million of cash is payable to certain warrant holders .
The transaction is currently anticipated to close by Dec. 31 , 2008 .
The merger is subject to customary closing conditions , including both PNC and National City shareholders and regulatory approvals .
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. , JPMorgan Securities , Inc. and Sandler O’Neill +
Partners , L.P. acted as financial advisers to PNC , and Wachtell , Lipton , Rosen & Katz acted as its legal adviser .
Goldman Sachs acted as financial adviser to National City and Sullivan & Cromwell LLP acted as its legal adviser , and Cravath , Swaine & Moore LLP acted as legal adviser to the Board of Directors of National City .
Related articles
National City has big loss , to cut 4,000 jobs
Source
PNC to Acquire National City – PNC Website
en:users : drivers : iwlwifi
Introduction
iwlwifi is the wireless driver for Intel 's current wireless chips .
For older chips , there are other drivers : ipw2100
ipw2200
iwlegacy ( for Intel® PRO / Wireless 3945ABG and Intel® Wireless Wi-Fi Link 4965AGN )
Features
Station ( client )
AP mode on 2.4GHz ( on devices driven by iwlmvm )
P2P and multi-role ( on devices driven by iwlmvm )
note Monitor ( sniffer ) - see
IBSS ( Ad - Hoc )
Supported Devices
Git repositories
There are four repositories that we maintain : iwlwifi - fixes with fixes for the current kernel release cycle
iwlwifi - next with features for the next kernel release cycle
iwlwifi/ linux - firmware that feeds the official linux - firmware tree .
It contains early releases , or content that just has n't been merged in mainline linux - firmware yet .
iwlwifi/backport-iwlwifi.git which is a backport based tree with iwlwifi / mac80211 / cfg80211 commits only .
This tree is ideal for bisecting .
Firmware
You can get the latest firmware from linux - firmware .
git , or download it from the table below .
NOTE : this table contains only the first official firmware version released , which is only guaranteed to work with the kernel version specified in the table .
To get the latest version for newer kernels , please use the firmware git tree instead .
Device Kernels Module Firmware Intel® Wireless Wi -Fi 5150AGN 2.6.29 + iwldvm iwlwifi-5150-ucode-8.24.2.2.tgz Intel® Wireless Wi -Fi 5100AGN
Intel® Wireless Wi-Fi 5300AGN
Intel® Wireless Wi-Fi 5350AGN 2.6.27 + iwldvm iwlwifi-5000-ucode-5.4.A.11.tar.gz 2.6.30 + iwlwifi-5000-ucode-8.24.2.12.tgz 2.6.38 + iwlwifi-5000-ucode-8.83.5.1-1.tgz Intel® Centrino® Advanced - N 6230
Intel® Centrino® Wireless - N 1030
Intel® Centrino® Wireless -N 130
Intel® Centrino® Advanced - N 6235 2.6.36 + iwldvm iwlwifi-6000g2b-ucode-17.168.5.1.tgz 2.6.36 + iwlwifi-6000g2b-ucode-17.168.5.2.tgz 3.2+ iwlwifi-6000g2b-ucode-18.168.6.1.tgz Intel® Centrino® Advanced - N 6205 2.6.35 + iwldvm iwlwifi-6000g2a-ucode-17.168.5.1.tgz 2.6.35 + iwlwifi-6000g2a-ucode-17.168.5.2.tgz 2.6.35 + iwlwifi-6000g2a-ucode-17.168.5.3.tgz 3.2+ iwlwifi-6000g2a-ucode-18.168.6.1.tgz Intel® Centrino® Wireless -N + WiMAX 6150
Intel® Centrino® Advanced - N + WiMAX 6250 2.6.30 + iwldvm iwlwifi-6050-ucode-9.201.4.1.tgz 2.6.37 + iwlwifi-6050-ucode-41.28.5.1.tgz Intel® Centrino® Ultimate - N 6300
Intel® Centrino® Advanced - N 6200 2.6.30 + iwldvm iwlwifi-6000-ucode-9.176.4.1.tgz 2.6.30 + iwlwifi-6000-ucode-9.193.4.1.tgz 2.6.30 + iwlwifi-6000-ucode-9.221.4.1.tgz Intel® Centrino® Wireless - N 1000 2.6.30 + iwldvm iwlwifi-1000-ucode-128.50.3.1.tgz 3.2+ iwlwifi-1000-ucode-39.31.5.1.tgz Intel® Centrino® Wireless -N 100 2.6.37 + iwldvm iwlwifi-100-ucode-39.31.5.1.tgz Intel® Centrino® Wireless - N 135 3.2 + iwldvm iwlwifi-135-ucode-18.168.6.1.tgz Intel® Centrino® Wireless -N 105 3.2 + iwldvm iwlwifi-105-ucode-18.168.6.1.tgz Intel® Centrino® Wireless - N 2200 3.2 + iwldvm iwlwifi-2000-ucode-18.168.6.1.tgz Intel® Centrino® Wireless - N 2230 3.2 + iwldvm iwlwifi-2030-ucode-18.168.6.1.tgz Intel® Wireless 7260 3.10 + iwlmvm iwlwifi-7260-ucode-22.1.7.0.tgz 3.13 + iwlwifi-7260-ucode-22.24.8.0.tgz 3.14.9 + iwlwifi-7260-ucode-25.228.9.0.tgz 3.17 + iwlwifi-7260-ucode-23.15.10.0.tgz 3.19 + iwlwifi-7260-ucode-25.17.12.0.tgz 4.1+ iwlwifi-7260-ucode-25.30.13.0.tgz 4.3 + iwlwifi-7260-ucode-16.242414.0.tgz Intel® Wireless 3160 3.10 + iwlmvm iwlwifi-3160-ucode-22.1.7.0.tgz 3.13 + iwlwifi-3160-ucode-22.24.8.0.tgz 3.14.9 + iwlwifi-3160-ucode-25.228.9.0.tgz 3.17 + iwlwifi-3160-ucode-23.15.10.0.tgz 3.19 + iwlwifi-3160-ucode-25.17.12.0.tgz 4.1+ iwlwifi-3160-ucode-25.30.13.0.tgz 4.3 + iwlwifi-3160-ucode-16.242414.0.tgz Intel® Wireless 7265
Intel® Wireless 3165 ( starting from firmware XX.XX.13.0 and kernel 4.1 ) 3.13 + iwlmvm iwlwifi-7265-ucode-22.24.8.0.tgz 3.14.9 + iwlwifi-7265-ucode-25.228.9.0.tgz 3.17 + iwlwifi-7265-ucode-23.15.10.0.tgz 3.19 + iwlwifi-7265-ucode-25.17.12.0.tgz 4.1+ iwlwifi-7265-ucode-25.30.13.0.tgz 4.3 + iwlwifi-7265-ucode-16.242414.0.tgz Intel® Wireless -AC 8260 4.1 + iwlmvm iwlwifi-8000-ucode-25.30.13.0.tgz 4.3 + iwlwifi-8000-ucode-16.242414.0.tgz Intel® Wireless -AC 8265 4.6 + iwlmvm iwlwifi-8265-ucode-22.361476.0.tgz Intel® Wireless -AC 3168 4.6 + iwlmvm iwlwifi-3168-ucode-22.361476.0.tgz Intel® Wireless -AC 9260 4.14 + iwlmvm iwlwifi-9260-th-b0-jf-b0-34.618819.0.tgz Intel® Wireless - AC 9560
Intel® Wireless -AC 9461
Intel® Wireless -AC 9462 4.14 + iwlmvm iwlwifi-9000-pu-b0-jf-b0-34.618819.0.tgz Intel® Wi-Fi 6 AX200 160MHz 5.1 + iwlmvm iwlwifi-cc-46.3cfab8da.0.tgz Intel® Wi-Fi 6 AX201 160MHz 5.2 + iwlmvm iwlwifi-Qu-48.13675109.0.tgz
Where that appropriate location is depends ( again ) on your system distribution .
You can typically find this location by looking in the udev scripts of your distro , the default on most distributions is / lib / firmware .
Installation of the firmware is simply : # cp iwlwifi-*.ucode /lib/ firmware
You can now load the driver .
Support
If you have technical issues or general questions about Intel Wi-Fi on Linux , please context Intel Customer Support .
For bug reports and debugging , please see the page dedicated to that .
7260 , 3160 , 7265 , 7265D , 3165 and 3168 support
Those devices will not be supported by the newest firmware versions : the last firmware that was released for 3160 , 7260 and 7265 is - 17.ucode .
Bug fixes will be ported to - 17.ucode .
7265D , 3165 and 3168 's latest firmware version is - 29.ucode .
In order to determine if your 7265 device is a ' D ' version , you can check the dmesg output : Detected Intel( R ) Dual Band Wireless AC 7265 , REV=0x210
The revision number of a 7265D device is 0x210 , if you see any other number , you have a 7265 device .
Firmware_class dependency
The firmware necessary to support the devices is distributed separately under the firmware license .
Note that many distributions ship the firmware , you could install the “ linux - firmware ” package or similar .
If that does n't work , or you need newer firmware , read on .?
The driver loads the firmware using the kernel 's firmware_class infrastructure .
More information can be found under in the Documentation / firmware_class / README file in the kernel source .
In order to function correctly the driver requires this to be enabled in your kernel .
When you configure the kernel , you can find this option in the following location : Device Drivers -> Generic Driver Options ->
Userspace firmware loading support
You can determine if your kernel currently has firmware loader support by looking for the CONFIG_FW_LOADER definition on your kernel 's . config file .
In addition to having the firmware_class support in your kernel , you must also have a working userspace infrastructure configured .
The steps for installing and configuring this are very distribution specific and the tools differ , but distributions have this enabled .
Once you have the firmware loader in place ( or if you are n't sure and you just want to try things to see if it works ) , you need to install the firmware file into the appropriate location .
About the backport tree
We merge the updates coming from the backport infrastructure on a regular basis .
This means that the bleeding edge of the backport tree will run against decently recent kernel ( usually against Linus 's tree ) .
If you checkout an earlier branch / commit in backport - iwlwifi.git , you might not be able to work against the most recent kernel .
Please keep that in mind .
We have a release cycle based on the backport tree .
These Core releases can be very useful for someone who wants to integrate our Wi -Fi solution into his home made system .
About dual - boot with Windows and " fast - boot " enabled
If you have a dual - boot machine with a recent version of Windows and start seeing problems during initialization of the WiFi device when booting Linux , the problem could be due to the “ fast startup ” feature on Windows .
With this feature enabled , Windows do n't really shut down the entire system , but leaves things partially running so you can start the machine faster again .
Try to disable this option , on Windows 10 it should be in “ Control Panel → Hardware and Sound →Power Options → System Settings ” , then disable the “ Fast Startup ” option in “ Shutdown Settings ” .
This will cause Windows to fully shutdown and may solve the issue .
About platform noise
Wi-Fi heavily relies on radio frequencies , and those are subject to interference .
Interference may come from another Wi -Fi device , or from many other non Wi-Fi devices ( e.g. microwaves ) that operates on the same frequency , and it might also come from other components of your own device / computer – this is known as ' platform noise ' .
Platform noise depends on the actual platform / computer and its design / manufacturing , and not on the Intel Wi-Fi module .
Some common sources of platform noise might be :
The PCIe bus , especially when switching in / out of power saving modes .
USB3 and graphics ( in certain scenarios ) .
Sometimes , even the fact that several ingredients ’ ground lines are connected can cause noise .
This kind of interference might happen on 2.4GHz band , it is much less likely to happen on 5.2GHz band .
Also note that using 40MHz ( and not 20MHz ) channel bandwidth will increase the probability to suffer from platform noise ( since more frequencies might impact the Wi-Fi performance ) .
Some potential work - around options to this issue : Disable Wi -Fi's power save ( prevent the PCIe link to go to power save ) : power_scheme=1 module parameter for iwlmvm
Disable USB3 in BIOS ( if possible ) , it not , just stop using it
Disable 40MHz on 2.4GHz : cfg80211_disable_40 mhz_24ghz module parameter
Use 5GHz band ( on devices that support 5GHz operation )
The fact that one of these options helped does n't prove that the issue being troubleshooted is ' platform noise ' , but it may be an indication .
Another thing that can be tried is to modify the antenna position .
The antennas are typically located in the lid of the laptop .
It is worth trying to open / close the lid or to rotate the system and see if it has any effect .
About the monitor / sniffer mode
Our devices support monitor mode .
When you have VHT APs around , you should load the iwlwifi module with amsdu_size=3
This will put lots of pressure on the memory subsystem , but it will allow you to hear 12 K long packets .
You may see firmware crashes in case you did n't set that module parameter .
About iwldvm support and known issues
Wi -Fi / Bluetooth coexistence
Having Wi-Fi and Bluetooth running at the same time is a challenge .
These scenarios have been tested thoroughly on 7260 and up , less so on earlier devices .
This is why some people may face issues with devices that are handled by iwldvm .
For users of these devices who have problems when Wi-Fi and Bluetooth are running concurrently , we suggest to disable BT Coex by loading iwlwifi with bt_coex_active=0 as a module parameter .
Power management
Design your own clothing .
Make it your own .
The possibilities are endless .
Emails : Were Palin , Aides Hiding from the Law ?
New concerns about using private accounts to conduct state business .
October 2 , 2008  --
Earlier this year , a close aide to Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin investigated whether emails from private accounts belonging to state officials could be obtained by prosecutors or state investigators .
She forwarded her findings to Palin and Palin 's husband Todd .
The emails raise new concerns about whether Palin and her top aides used private email accounts in an attempt to conduct state business away from view of the public – or investigators .
Read emails here and here .
The so - called " Troopergate " scandal has given Palin 's email habits new significance .
Two probes are looking at whether Palin misused her power in firing former Alaska Public Safety Commissioner Walt Monegan ; investigators in both inquiries are believed to be reviewing emails from the governor and her staff for evidence of possible wrongdoing .
The emails in question were obtained through a public records request by Alaska ethics advocate and self - described independent government watchdog Andree McLeod , who provided them to ABC News .
In addition to Palin 's state - run email address , the vice - presidential candidate used at least two private email accounts with Yahoo ! , at least one set up from a privately - maintained domain , " PalinForGovernor.com , " and another set up from a third private domain , the McCain - Palin campaign confirmed yesterday .
The campaign would not disclose the name of the third domain .
Emails to and from Palin -- some obtained by hackers and posted online , others released through records requests -- show Palin used private email accounts to conduct state business .
But the McCain - Palin campaign has insisted she used the separate accounts to keep her personal and official business separate .
" As a champion of government accountability and transparency , Gov. Palin was exercising an abundance of caution to ensure that all state and personal business matters were being kept separate .
Gov. Palin is committed to serving with the highest regard toward ethics , " said campaign spokeswoman Meg Stapleton .
The campaign denied the private email accounts were part of any attempt to hide communications about state business between Palin and her aides .
While Palin has shut down her Yahoo !
accounts , all of the emails in those accounts have been maintained , according to campaign spokesman Taylor Griffin .
But the March emails show Palin aide Ivy Frye was focused on other concerns .
Her queries to state officials focused on whether emails sent to or from personal accounts could be obtained by auditors or prosecutors .
At first , Frye asked whether a state employee could get in trouble with state auditors for receiving email to his or her personal account on a state - owned Blackberry or other mobile device .
But her inquiry soon shifted .
" What type of situation would constitute subpoena of personal emails ? "
Frye asked state finance director Kim J. Garnero in a March 17 email .
In her emailed response , Garnero deferred the question to the state Department of Law .
Frye repeated Garnero 's response in an email to Palin and Palin 's husband Todd , using their private email accounts , as well as to top Palin aides Frank Bailey and Kristina Perry .
" Kim Garnero thinks that personal emails on a personal device would be confidential and not subject to subpoena , however the question is still unanswered by [ the state Department of ]
Law , " Frye wrote .
One minute later , Frye sent another email query to Garnero : " Are personal emails on blackberry currently routed through the state server or through AT&T or whomever provides the phone service ? "
Garnero responded that all emails sent to state - owned blackberries would come into computers maintained by the state .
" How about when I send personal email ?
Do they only travel over the phone contractor line ? "
Frye emailed Garnero two days later .
Garnero wrote in reply that she checked with the state technology chief , and learned that " state email goes through [ state servers ] ; personal email does n't ( like a Yahoo account , it goes directly over the internet into the device . "
Five days later , Frye forwarded that exchange to Palin aides Bailey and Perry .
The next day , she forwarded it to Palin and Palin 's husband , Todd , again to their private email addresses .
A McCain - Palin campaign staffer who would only discuss the matter with the promise of anonymity said Palin did not direct Frye to make the inquiries .
Frye likely forwarded her conversations to the governor because " She thought maybe Palin needed it as an FYI or something , " he said .
The campaign disagreed that the Frye emails suggested any wrongdoing by the governor or her aides .
" I am not sure how you can draw that conclusion when the e-mails so clearly demonstrate the exact opposite , " said McCain - Palin spokesman Taylor Griffin .
" These e-mails demonstrate that the discussion is not about protecting state business from public view ...
Most Americans understand that even state employees deserve a little privacy in their personal life . "
Emails have been used as important evidence as details of the Troopergate scandal have unfolded in the public eye .
Palin used emails between herself and aides to argue that Walt Monegan , whose firing is at the center of the scandal , had a " rogue mentality " and refused to work within the administration 's wishes .
Recently , Monegan has said he has other emails that prove otherwise .
To McLeod , an Alaska ethics advocate and Palin critic , all of the governor 's private emails should be turned over to the state for safekeeping .
" Citizens have a right to know the inner workings of their government , " said McLeod .
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
Alaska Governor Sarah Palin , the running mate chosen by Republican presidential hopeful John McCain , has addressed the Republican National Convention in St Paul , Minnesota .
Below is the full text of her speech .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Mr Chairman , delegates , and fellow citizens : I am honoured to be considered for the nomination for Vice President of the United States ...
I accept the call to help our nominee for president to serve and defend America .
I accept the challenge of a tough fight in this election ... against confident opponents ... at a crucial hour for our country .
And I accept the privilege of serving with a man who has come through much harder missions ... and met far graver challenges ... and knows how tough fights are won - the next president of the United States , John S McCain .
I guess a small - town mayor is sort of like a " community organiser " , except that you have actual responsibilities
It was just a year ago when all the experts in Washington counted out our nominee because he refused to hedge his commitment to the security of the country he loves .
With their usual certitude , they told us that all was lost - there was no hope for this candidate who said that he would rather lose an election than see his country lose a war .
But the pollsters and pundits overlooked just one thing when they wrote him off .
They overlooked the calibre of the man himself - the determination , resolve , and sheer guts of Senator John McCain .
The voters knew better .
And maybe that 's because they realise there is a time for politics and a time for leadership ... a time to campaign and a time to put our country first .
Our nominee for president is a true profile in courage , and people like that are hard to come by .
He 's a man who wore the uniform of this country for 22 years , and refused to break faith with those troops in Iraq who have now brought victory within sight .
And as the mother of one of those troops , that is exactly the kind of man I want as commander in chief .
I 'm just one of many moms who'll say an extra prayer each night for our sons and daughters going into harm 's way .
Family 'ups and downs '
Our son Track is 19 .
And one week from tomorrow - 11 September - he 'll deploy to Iraq with the army infantry in the service of his country .
My nephew Kasey also enlisted , and serves on a carrier in the Persian Gulf .
To the families of special - needs children all across this country ...
I pledge to you that if we are elected , you will have a friend and advocate in the White House
My family is proud of both of them and of all the fine men and women serving the country in uniform .
Track is the eldest of our five children .
In our family , it 's two boys and three girls in between - my strong and kind - hearted daughters Bristol , Willow , and Piper .
And in April , my husband Todd and I welcomed our littlest one into the world , a perfectly beautiful baby boy named Trig .
From the inside , no family ever seems typical .
That 's how it is with us .
Our family has the same ups and downs as any other ... the same challenges and the same joys .
Sometimes even the greatest joys bring challenge .
And children with special needs inspire a special love .
To the families of special needs children all across this country , I have a message :
For years , you sought to make America a more welcoming place for your sons and daughters .
I pledge to you that if we are elected , you will have a friend and advocate in the White House .
Todd is a story all by himself .
He 's a lifelong commercial fisherman ... a production operator in the oil fields of Alaska 's North Slope ... a proud member of the United Steel Workers ' Union ... and world champion snow machine racer .
Throw in his Yup 'ik Eskimo ancestry , and it all makes for quite a package .
We met in high school , and two decades and five children later he 's still my guy .
My mom and dad both worked at the elementary school in our small town .
And among the many things I owe them is one simple lesson : that this is America , and every woman can walk through every door of opportunity .
My parents are here tonight , and I am so proud to be the daughter of Chuck and Sally Heath .
Hockey mom Long ago , a young farmer and haberdasher from Missouri followed an unlikely path to the vice - presidency .
A writer observed : " We grow good people in our small towns , with honesty , sincerity , and dignity . "
I know just the kind of people that writer had in mind when he praised Harry Truman .
I grew up with those people .
They are the ones who do some of the hardest work in America ... who grow our food , run our factories , and fight our wars .
They love their country , in good times and bad , and they 're always proud of America .
Here 's a little news flash for all those reporters and commentators : I 'm not going to Washington to seek their good opinion - I 'm going to Washington to serve the people of this country
I had the privilege of living most of my life in a small town .
I was just your average hockey mom , and signed up for the PTA because I wanted to make my kids ' public education better .
When I ran for city council , I did n't need focus groups and voter profiles because I knew those voters , and knew their families , too .
Before I became governor of the great state of Alaska , I was mayor of my hometown .
And since our opponents in this presidential election seem to look down on that experience , let me explain to them what the job involves .
I guess a small - town mayor is sort of like a " community organiser " , except that you have actual responsibilities .
I might add that in small towns , we do n't quite know what to make of a candidate who lavishes praise on working people when they are listening , and then talks about how bitterly they cling to their religion and guns when those people are n't listening .
We tend to prefer candidates who do n't talk about us one way in Scranton and another way in San Francisco .
As for my running mate , you can be certain that wherever he goes , and whoever is listening , John McCain is the same man .
Govern with integrity I 'm not a member of the permanent political establishment .
And I 've learned quickly , these past few days , that if you 're not a member in good standing of the Washington elite , then some in the media consider a candidate unqualified for that reason alone .
But here 's a little news flash for all those reporters and commentators : I 'm not going to Washington to seek their good opinion - I 'm going to Washington to serve the people of this country .
Americans expect us to go to Washington for the right reasons , and not just to mingle with the right people .
Politics is n't just a game of clashing parties and competing interests .
The right reason is to challenge the status quo , to serve the common good , and to leave this nation better than we found it .
No one expects us to agree on everything .
But we are expected to govern with integrity , good will , clear convictions , and ... a servant 's heart .
I pledge to all Americans that I will carry myself in this spirit as vice president of the United States .
This was the spirit that brought me to the governor 's office , when I took on the old politics as usual in Juneau ... when I stood up to the special interests , the lobbyists , big oil companies , and the good - ol ' boys network .
Sudden and relentless reform never sits well with entrenched interests and power brokers .
That 's why true reform is so hard to achieve .
But with the support of the citizens of Alaska , we shook things up .
And in short order we put the government of our state back on the side of the people .
I came to office promising major ethics reform , to end the culture of self - dealing .
And today , that ethics reform is the law .
While I was at it , I got rid of a few things in the governor 's office that I did n't believe our citizens should have to pay for .
That luxury jet was over the top .
I put it on eBay .
I also drive myself to work .
And I thought we could muddle through without the governor 's personal chef - although I 've got to admit that sometimes my kids sure miss her .
I came to office promising to control spending - by request if possible and by veto if necessary .
Senator McCain also promises to use the power of veto in defence of the public interest - and as a chief executive , I can assure you it works .
Our state budget is under control .
We have a surplus .
And I have protected the taxpayers by vetoing wasteful spending : nearly half a billion dollars in vetoes .
I suspended the state fuel tax , and championed reform to end the abuses of earmark spending by Congress .
We need American energy resources , brought to you by American ingenuity , and produced by American workers
I told the Congress " thanks , but no thanks , " for that Bridge to Nowhere .
If our state wanted a bridge , we 'd build it ourselves .
When oil and gas prices went up dramatically , and filled up the state treasury , I sent a large share of that revenue back where it belonged - directly to the people of Alaska .
And despite fierce opposition from oil company lobbyists , who kind of liked things the way they were , we broke their monopoly on power and resources .
As governor , I insisted on competition and basic fairness to end their control of our state and return it to the people .
I fought to bring about the largest private - sector infrastructure project in North American history .
And when that deal was struck , we began a nearly $ 40 bn natural gas pipeline to help lead America to energy independence .
That pipeline , when the last section is laid and its valves are opened , will lead America one step farther away from dependence on dangerous foreign powers that do not have our interests at heart .
The stakes for our nation could not be higher .
When a hurricane strikes in the Gulf of Mexico , this country should not be so dependent on imported oil that we are forced to draw from our Strategic Petroleum Reserve .
And families cannot throw away more and more of their pay checks on gas and heating oil .
With Russia wanting to control a vital pipeline in the Caucasus , and to divide and intimidate our European allies by using energy as a weapon , we cannot leave ourselves at the mercy of foreign suppliers .
To confront the threat that Iran might seek to cut off nearly a fifth of world energy supplies ... or that terrorists might strike again at the Abqaiq facility in Saudi Arabia ... or that Venezuela might shut off its oil deliveries ... we Americans need to produce more of our own oil and gas .
And take it from a gal who knows the North Slope of Alaska : we 've got lots of both .
Our opponents say , again and again , that drilling will not solve all of America 's energy problems - as if we all did n't know that already .
But the fact that drilling wo n't solve every problem is no excuse to do nothing at all .
Starting in January , in a McCain - Palin administration , we 're going to lay more pipelines ... build more nuclear plants ... create jobs with clean coal ... and move forward on solar , wind , geothermal , and other alternative sources .
We need American energy resources , brought to you by American ingenuity , and produced by American workers .
What Obama plan ?
I 've noticed a pattern with our opponent .
Maybe you have , too .
We 've all heard his dramatic speeches before devoted followers .
And there is much to like and admire about our opponent .
How are you going to be better off if our opponent adds a massive tax burden to the American economy ?
But listening to him speak , it 's easy to forget that this is a man who has authored two memoirs but not a single major law or reform - not even in the state senate .
This is a man who can give an entire speech about the wars America is fighting , and never use the word " victory " except when he 's talking about his own campaign .
But when the cloud of rhetoric has passed ... when the roar of the crowd fades away ... when the stadium lights go out , and those Styrofoam Greek columns are hauled back to some studio lot - what exactly is our opponent 's plan ?
What does he actually seek to accomplish , after he 's done turning back the waters and healing the planet ?
The answer is to make government bigger ... take more of your money ... give you more orders from Washington ... and to reduce the strength of America in a dangerous world .
America needs more energy ... our opponent is against producing it .
Victory in Iraq is finally in sight ... he wants to forfeit .
Terrorist states are seeking nuclear weapons without delay ... he wants to meet them without preconditions .
Al - Qaeda terrorists still plot to inflict catastrophic harm on America ... he 's worried that someone wo n't read them their rights ?
Government is too big ... he wants to grow it .
Congress spends too much ... he promises more .
Taxes are too high ... he wants to raise them .
His tax increases are the fine print in his economic plan , and let me be specific .
The Democratic nominee for president supports plans to raise income taxes ... raise payroll taxes ... raise investment income taxes ... raise the death tax ... raise business taxes ... and increase the tax burden on the American people by hundreds of billions of dollars .
My sister Heather and her husband have just built a service station that 's now opened for business - like millions of others who run small businesses .
How are they going to be any better off if taxes go up ?
Or maybe you 're trying to keep your job at a plant in Michigan or Ohio ... or create jobs with clean coal from Pennsylvania or West Virginia ... or keep a small farm in the family right here in Minnesota .
How are you going to be better off if our opponent adds a massive tax burden to the American economy ?
Senate ' maverick '
Here 's how I look at the choice Americans face in this election .
In politics , there are some candidates who use change to promote their careers .
And then there are those , like John McCain , who use their careers to promote change .
They 're the ones whose names appear on laws and landmark reforms , not just on buttons and banners , or on self - designed presidential seals .
Among politicians , there is the idealism of high - flown speechmaking , in which crowds are stirringly summoned to support great things .
There is only one man in this election who has ever really fought for you ... in places where winning means survival and defeat means death ... and that man is John McCain
And then there is the idealism of those leaders , like John McCain , who actually do great things .
They 're the ones who are good for more than talk ... the ones we have always been able to count on to serve and defend America .
Senator McCain 's record of actual achievement and reform helps explain why so many special interests , lobbyists , and comfortable committee chairmen in Congress have fought the prospect of a McCain presidency - from the primary election of 2000 to this very day .
Our nominee does n't run with the Washington herd .
He 's a man who 's there to serve his country , and not just his party .
A leader who 's not looking for a fight , but is not afraid of one either .
Harry Reid , the Majority Leader of the current do - nothing Senate , not long ago summed up his feelings about our nominee .
He said , quote , " I ca n't stand John McCain . "
Ladies and gentlemen , perhaps no accolade we hear this week is better proof that we 've chosen the right man .
Clearly what the Majority Leader was driving at is that he can't stand up to John McCain .
That is only one more reason to take the maverick of the Senate and put him in the White House .
' Inspired with deeds '
My fellow citizens , the American presidency is not supposed to be a journey of " personal discovery . "
This world of threats and dangers is not just a community , and it does n't just need an organiser .
And though both Senator Obama and Senator Biden have been going on lately about how they are always , quote , " fighting for you , " let us face the matter squarely .
There is only one man in this election who has ever really fought for you ... in places where winning means survival and defeat means death ... and that man is John McCain .
In our day , politicians have readily shared much lesser tales of adversity than the nightmare world in which this man , and others equally brave , served and suffered for their country .
It 's a long way from the fear and pain and squalor of a six - by - four cell in Hanoi to the Oval Office .
But if Senator McCain is elected president , that is the journey he will have made .
It 's the journey of an upright and honourable man - the kind of fellow whose name you will find on war memorials in small towns across this country , only he was among those who came home .
To the most powerful office on earth , he would bring the compassion that comes from having once been powerless ... the wisdom that comes even to the captives , by the grace of God ... the special confidence of those who have seen evil , and seen how evil is overcome .
A fellow prisoner of war , a man named Tom Moe of Lancaster , Ohio , recalls looking through a pin-hole in his cell door as Lieutenant Commander John McCain was led down the hallway , by the guards , day after day .
As the story is told : " When McCain shuffled back from torturous interrogations , he would turn toward Moe 's door and flash a grin and thumbs up " - as if to say , " We 're going to pull through this . "
My fellow Americans , that is the kind of man America needs to see us through these next four years .
For a season , a gifted speaker can inspire with his words .
For a lifetime , John McCain has inspired with his deeds .
If character is the measure in this election ... and hope the theme ... and change the goal we share , then I ask you to join our cause .
Join our cause and help America elect a great man as the next president of the United States .
Thank you all , and may God bless America .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Unlike most current web browsers , Google Chrome uses many operating system processes to keep web sites separate from each other and from the rest of your computer .
In this blog post , I 'll explain why using a multi-process architecture can be a big win for browsers on today 's web .
I 'll also talk about which parts of the browser belong in each process and in which situations Google Chrome creates new processes .
1 . Why use multiple processes in a browser ?
In the days when most current browsers were designed , web pages were simple and had little or no active code in them .
It made sense for the browser to render all the pages you visited in the same process , to keep resource usage low .
Today , however , we 've seen a major shift towards active web content , ranging from pages with lots of JavaScript and Flash to full - blown " web apps " like Gmail .
Large parts of these apps run inside the browser , just like normal applications run on an operating system .
Just like an operating system , the browser must keep these apps separate from each other .
On top of this , the parts of the browser that render HTML , JavaScript , and CSS have become extraordinarily complex over time .
These rendering engines frequently have bugs as they continue to evolve , and some of these bugs may cause the rendering engine to occasionally crash .
Also , rendering engines routinely face untrusted and even malicious code from the web , which may try to exploit these bugs to install malware on your computer .
In this world , browsers that put everything in one process face real challenges for robustness , responsiveness , and security .
If one web app causes a crash in the rendering engine , it will take the rest of the browser with it , including any other web apps that are open .
Web apps often have to compete with each other for CPU time on a single thread , sometimes causing the entire browser to become unresponsive .
Security is also a concern , because a web page that exploits a vulnerability in the rendering engine can often take over your entire computer .
It does n't have to be this way , though .
Web apps are designed to be run independently of each other in your browser , and they could be run in parallel .
They do n't need much access to your disk or devices , either .
The security policy used throughout the web ensures this , so that you can visit most web pages without worrying about your data or your computer 's safety .
This means that it 's possible to more completely isolate web apps from each other in the browser without breaking them .
The same is true of browser plug-ins like Flash , which are loosely coupled with the browser and can be separated from it without much trouble .
Google Chrome takes advantage of these properties and puts web apps and plug-ins in separate processes from the browser itself .
This means that a rendering engine crash in one web app wo n't affect the browser or other web apps .
It means the OS can run web apps in parallel to increase their responsiveness , and it means the browser itself wo n't lock up if a particular web app or plug - in stops responding .
It also means we can run the rendering engine processes in a restrictive sandbox that helps limit the damage if an exploit does occur .
Interestingly , using multiple processes means Google Chrome can have its own Task Manager ( shown below ) , which you can get to by right clicking on the browser 's title bar .
This Task Manager lets you track resource usage for each web app and plug - in , rather than for the entire browser .
It also lets you kill any web apps or plug-ins that have stopped responding , without having to restart the entire browser .
For all of these reasons , Google Chrome 's multi-process architecture can help it be more robust , responsive , and secure than single process browsers .
2 . What goes in each process ?
Google Chrome creates three different types of processes : browser , renderers , and plug-ins .
Browser .
There 's only one browser process , which manages the tabs , windows , and " chrome " of the browser .
This process also handles all interactions with the disk , network , user input , and display , but it makes no attempt to parse or render any content from the web .
Renderers .
The browser process creates many renderer processes , each responsible for rendering web pages .
The renderer processes contain all the complex logic for handling HTML , JavaScript , CSS , images , and so on .
We achieve this using the open source WebKit rendering engine , which is also used by Apple 's Safari web browser .
Each renderer process is run in a sandbox , which means it has almost no direct access to your disk , network , or display .
All interactions with web apps , including user input events and screen painting , must go through the browser process .
This lets the browser process monitor the renderers for suspicious activity , killing them if it suspects an exploit has occurred .
Plug-ins .
The browser process also creates one process for each type of plug - in that is in use , such as Flash , Quicktime , or Adobe Reader .
These processes just contain the plug-ins themselves , along with some glue code to let them interact with the browser and renderers .
3 . When should the browser create processes ?
Once Google Chrome has created its browser process , it will generally create one renderer process for each instance of a web site you visit .
This approach aims to keep pages from different web sites isolated from each other .
You can think of this as using a different process for each tab in the browser , but allowing two tabs to share a process if they are related to each other and are showing the same site .
For example , if one tab opens another tab using JavaScript , or if you open a link to the same site in a new tab , the tabs will share a renderer process .
This lets the pages in these tabs communicate via JavaScript and share cached objects .
Conversely , if you type the URL of a different site into the location bar of a tab , we will swap in a new renderer process for the tab .
Compatibility with existing web pages is important for us .
For this reason , we define a web site as a registered domain name , like google.com or bbc.co.uk .
This means we 'll consider sub - domains like mail.google.com and maps.google.com as part of the same site .
This is necessary because there are cases where tabs from different sub - domains may try to communicate with each other via JavaScript , so we want to keep them in the same renderer process .
There are a few caveats to this basic approach , however .
Your computer would start to slow down if we created too many processes , so we place a limit on the number of renderer processes that we create ( 20 in most cases ) .
Once we hit this limit , we 'll start re-using the existing renderer processes for new tabs .
Thus , it 's possible that the same renderer process could be used for more than one web site .
We also do n't yet put cross - site frames in their own processes , and we do n't yet swap a tab 's renderer process for all types of cross -site navigations .
So far , we only swap a tab 's process for navigations via the browser 's " chrome , " like the location bar or bookmarks .
Despite these caveats , Google Chrome will generally keep instances of different web sites isolated from each other in common usage .
For each type of plug - in , Google Chrome will create a plug - in process when you first visit a page that uses it .
A short time after you close all pages using a particular plug - in , we will destroy its process .
We 'll post future blog entries as we refine our policies for creating and swapping among renderer processes .
In the mean time , we hope you see some of the benefits of a multi-process architecture when using Google Chrome .
Posted by Charlie Reis
Let me start by saying this was a gauntlet .
I started by collecting election data for the Presidential Election of 2004 and the Senate Elections of 2004 and 2006 .
I then parsed the results and created a massive table while incorporating our projections into a 2008 metaset .
From here I just did the simple division necessary to compute the Coattail Coefficient .
The table below illustrates the outcome of our study .
The " XXX Pres Coefficient " column represents the calculation previously prescribed in our previous article on coattails ; if the result of the simple division is greater than 1 , the Senate candidate is over performing relative to that party 's Presidential nominee .
A number below 1 implies the opposite .
For Senate races that occurred in 2006 I used the 2004 Presidential result from that state as the comparator .
The 2008 data is drawn from our projections , and the 2004 data is provided by the Federal Election Committee .
The furthest column to the right , Winner 's Coattail , corresponds to the Coattail Coefficient of the party that won the given Senate Election .
The " " illustrate whether the eventual winner of the given Senate seat had a larger coefficient than the competition .
The " " implies the opposite .
I have bolded all races in which the actual or projected margin ranged between zero and six percent .
I encourage you to take a detailed look at the table below , but when you 're done do n't forget to continue reading .
What does this massive compilation of data mean ?
The result is surprisingly straightforward and allows for a nice generalization .
Focusing our attention towards the bottom of the table reveals that the winner , in a competitive race , rarely garnered a coefficient greater than 1 .
This result appears to be counterintuitive but just wait , it gets stranger ; notice the large quantity of " > " signs towards the bottom of the table .
Under this interpretation the candidate who can win more votes from the opposite party is the likely victory ; its actually better to abandon your own party and run across the aisle .
Using this result , a succinct postulate can be formed : if candidate A has a coefficient less than 1 and their opponent , candidate B , has a coefficient greater than 1 , candidate A has the historic advantage .
Using the above postulate , what can then be said about the 2008 Senate races ?
We 'll start from the bottom and work our way up through the bolded races happening this year .
Our first stop is Oregon .
Oregon seems to be safely in Democratic hands , Smith ( R ) has a coefficient greater than 1 at 1.08 , while his challenger Markley ( D ) , is repping a 0.84 .
Merkley has also opened up a healthy four to five point lead in recent polling .
Moving on up ; North Carolina is our next stop .
Hagan ( D ) is currently leading our projection , but the coefficients in this race favor the incumbent Dole ( R ) .
Georgia 's like North Carolina , but the opposite .
Martin ( D ) is trailing in the polls , but he 's got the better coefficients .
Kentucky exemplifies our rule and seems to be safely in McConnell 's ( R ) court .
Minnesota features a competitive three way race so I 'm not exactly sure how our generalization applies , but here it goes .
Franken 's ( D ) coefficient is significantly below 1 , in fact its the lowest coefficient in the field , but Coleman ( R ) is still maintaining a slight lead ; in large part due to a very suspect St. Cloud State poll that showed 21 % of the Minnesota electorate as undecided .
Barkley could still make a run too , its impossible to tell .
Our little conclusion may give hope yet to Musgrove ( D ) , the Democratic challenger in Mississippi - B. Musgrove 's coefficient is below both 1 and his competitors coefficient , but recent polling has shown Wicker ( R ) with a significantly large lead .
The last on the list is Alaska , but after today 's news of the Stevens ' conviction , Begich ( D ) seems destined to the Senate .
Using just the conclusion of this report as a predictor , the Democratic Party stands to pickup Oregon , Georgia , Minnesota , Mississippi - B and Alaska .
By my count that would put the Democratic caucus at the magical 60 Senator , filibuster proof majority .
The Gentoo Release Engineering team proudly announces the release of Gentoo Linux 2006.1 , the second release of the year .
Building on the strengths of previous releases and featuring all of Gentoo 's well - documented flexibility , performance and portability , this release is now available on all supported architectures .
The most popular architectures now use GCC 4.1 , glibc 2.4 and baselayout 1.12.1 , as well as including a new profile layout , with seperate desktop and server profiles .
The 2006.1 release features many highlights that improve upon 2006.0 .
The AMD64 , HPPA , x86 , 32 - and 64 - bit PowerPC releases are built with and include GCC 4.1 , a great improvement over version 3.4 used for 2006.0 .
Also included are the GNU C library version 2.4 and Gentoo 's baselayout 1.12.1 , with improved system startup scripts .
Alpha , x86 and AMD64 also feature a new profile layout , with separate sub - profiles for desktop and server systems .
This makes customization much easier as the profile defaults can be pre-tuned to the type of system being used .
The Gentoo Linux Installer for the x86 and AMD64 platforms now features a networkless install mode , with a more streamlined configuration interface making a typical installation quicker and easier than ever .
It also includes new and improved partitioning code that can make better use of existing partition setups with unusual arrangements and
improved error handling to minimize the chances of damaged partition tables .
For the Alpha platform , the InstallCD now features the option to use a serial console for installation with minimal effort , and the stages are once again unified into one set for LinuxThreads and NPTL systems .
The compiler used has been upgraded to GCC version 3.4.6 , and it includes an updated glibc , to allow the unified stages for LinuxThreads and NPTL .
The SPARC release includes several improvements over 2006.0 , including InstallCD support for systems with more than 4GB of memory and an updated toolchain bringing fixes for various compilation problems .
Also new is InstallCD and kernel support for the new UltraSPARC T1 processor used in the Sun T1000 and T2000 systems .
Gentoo Linux 2006.1 now brings official support for the dual - core G5 processor on the PPC platform , support for the serial console on Apple Xserve machines and improved support for installation from a FireWire disk .
Official stages are built for 64 - and 32 - bit userlands on generic PPC64 , POWER5 and PowerPC 970 ( G5 ) platforms , and GRP packages are available for the latest KDE , Gnome and XFCE releases on all of the above configurations .
Gentoo is also offering experimental stages for SuperH , the embedded processor developed by Hitachi in the early 1990s and most notably found in the SEGA DreamCast and several models of HP PDA .
The port presently supports , and was developed on , the LanTANK system , with support for more systems planned in the future .
http://www.gentoo.org
