53
just tried this recipe and like everyone else I changed it somewhat .
The biggest thing was that I sprinkled a little more cheddar and crumbled bacon on top and it added alot of eye appeal as wel ...
Has to be one of the tastiest recipes I 've ever made .
I used cooked , peeled and diced smokies ( I managed to burn the outsides on the BBQ and did n't want to waste them ) .
I used grapeseed oil ( i...
June Tennant 425 8
just tried this recipe and like everyone else I changed it somewhat .
The biggest thing was that I sprinkled a little more cheddar and crumbled bacon on top and it added alot of eye appeal as wel ...
Read more
Jessica 138 50
Update # 2 : tried this again using 2 cups flour , 4 cups shredded cheese , 1 egg and a big of eggbeaters , 3/ 4 cup milk + 1/4 cup veg oil , and 3 massive sausage links & it worked out great !!
Update :...
Read more
Carrie V. 5 29
Has to be one of the tastiest recipes I 've ever made .
I used cooked , peeled and diced smokies ( I managed to burn the outsides on the BBQ and did n't want to waste them ) .
I used grapeseed oil ( i... Read more
Risa Furr Demeter 2 3
I am a high school Family and Consumer Science teacher .
I looked for new muffin recipes for our muffin lab .
For all the various muffins , the kids liked these best of all !
Very good and very f...
Read more
caitjane1 159 54
I added some chives , sausage , bacon , cheddar & mozzarella cheese , as well as a pinch of cayenne pepper .
I also added sour cream and an extra egg to the mixture .
They came out sooo moist and not ...
Read more
normal 415 98
I have been making these for several years for morning social time at my church .
Everyone loves them .
To increase the flavor measure your bacon drippings after cooking the bacon and use as part ...
Read more
Luigiette 73 6
Wonderful as a breakfast muffin to take on the go .
I added two sausage rounds , cooked , crumbled , and drained .
Read more
ChefJulianP 45 8
Just made these for the first time .
Came out great and are awesome when they are still warm out of the oven and the cheese is still gooey when you pull them apart .
I did use suggestions and made ...
Read more
Having grown up in a traditional Hindu family in India , I understand something about the domestic pressure for public modesty on girls .
Jeans came into vogue just when I hit puberty .
But for years the only way I could step out of the house in them without risking a minor nuclear explosion by my dad — a fairly urbanized doctor — was if I slipped on a blouse loose enough to smother my front and long enough to conceal my behind .
A bathing suit — much less a bikini like the one that the first Muslim Miss USA wore to victory this week — was out of the question .
Hence I never learned to swim .
Although these restrictions were nothing compared to what girls in strict Muslim households faced , they were enough to send my budding feminist consciousness into paroxysms of rage .
And I often fantasized that if I were born Muslim and forced to shroud myself in a burqa , I 'd just run away from home .
I could never have imagined then that I would find myself one day defending this garment from fellow atheists such as Christopher Hitchens , who are cheering French plans to ban it , as if its very existence on secular soil is an affront to their values .
But their reaction betrays more affinity than they realize with the religious tendencies that their secularism is supposed to transcend .
This becomes obvious when one compares their attitude toward the burqa to that of India 's secularists , few of whom would ever dream of banning it .
The French parliament this week will culminate six months of hearings and move toward legislation outlawing the burqa .
It would be one thing if the ban were limited to when the burqa comes in the way of official business like taking photographs for drivers ' licenses .
But this law would go much further and actually criminalize burqas , slapping women with fines if they wear them in public hospitals or trains .
Coming on the heels of the 2004 ban on headscarves in schools , this law can't help but inflame French Muslims , not encourage them to assimilate .
Besieged minorities after all tighten — not loosen — their grip on their ways .
So why does France feel the need to do this ?
It 's not like burqas are a huge problem in the country .
Although estimates vary , Muslims constitute less than 10 percent of the French population and no more than 2,000 of them sport burqas .
This means most French folks can comfortably go through life without ever encountering a burqa - clad woman .
By contrast , India has nearly 140 million Muslims — or 13.4 percent of its population — and millions of them sport burqas , making it hard to go a few days without running into one .
France has certainly experienced its share of troubles with Muslims , including most recently the 2005 riots that paralyzed France for weeks ( although arguably that episode had more to do with tension between the police and immigrant communities than between the French and Muslim communities ) .
But Hindus have felt threatened by Muslims since the 16th century when Muslim conquerors invaded the country , initiating several centuries of Islamic rule .
Hindus ' lingering sense of defeat is a perennial source of tension between the two communities and erupts into sectarian warfare with disturbing regularity .
Over the centuries , Hindus have articulated a whole litany of gripes against Muslims but most involve — at least on the face of it — some material impact on Hindu interests .
For example , special Haj lanes near airports to accommodate Muslims headed for Mecca are a source of endless irritation for Hindus stuck in traffic snarls .
But what Hindus do n't generally get worked up over — at least not strongly enough to create a credible political movement — are personal Muslim habits that do n't in some direct way affect them .
Indeed , last year a state college triggered a big brouhaha — especially among Indian feminists — when it refused to let a burqa - clad woman attend classes .
Pramila Nesargi , a Hindu politician who champions women 's causes , declared : " Not allowing a woman to come to college just because she is wearing a burqa is against her personal rights , fundamental rights and human rights . "
The contrast with the French spirit could not be starker .
As a precursor to final legislation , French lawmakers recently voted for a non-binding resolution condemning the burqa because they see in it not an expression of personal piety — but a message of religious fundamentalism meant to insult French secularism .
President Nicolas Sarkozy went so far as to say that the burqa is " not welcome " in France , calling it a symbol of female " subservience and debasement . "
Likewise , Christopher Hitchens , the most prominent cheerleader of the burqa ban in America , is convinced that Muslim women don the veil not because they choose to — but because they risk acid in their face if they do n't .
Hence , in his view , France will actually do Muslim women a favor by banning it .
Burqas are certainly a tool of female oppression in Islamic theocracies where sharia law sanctions violence against women who violate its strictures .
But that is not true in liberal democracies where the reason government exists is to protect personal choices from physical violence .
When women wear burqas despite such protection , it has to be assumed that they are doing so of their own free will .
This does n't mean that all Muslim women affirmatively embrace burqas — although no doubt some do .
But it does mean that their emotional ties with their communities and families are , on balance , stronger than their distaste for the burqa and hence they 'd rather wear it than face rejection .
Nor will it do to justify this ban on grounds that it will save women from having to make painful personal choices .
It is not the job of liberal governments to make personal tradeoffs painless — just possible .
Giving individuals the right to exit without fearing physical retaliation provides an automatic check on oppressive traditions without taking away the crucial tool that minority communities in liberal polities have to perpetuate themselves : moral suasion .
Banning the burqa or the Sikh turban or the Jewish yarmulke is tantamount to telling observant Muslims , Sikhs and Jews that they do n't have a right to exist .
Despite years of sectarian bloodletting , if Indians still intuitively understand this and take a benign view of the burqa , it is hardly because they are inherently more rational .
It is because their secularism has been shaped by India 's dominant religion — Hinduism — whose non-monotheistic ethos allows the space for multiple faiths .
In this sense , Hinduism is perhaps more profoundly in sync with liberal tolerance than monotheistic faiths .
More crucially , however , there is nothing in Hinduism that makes an individual 's spiritual salvation anyone 's business except the individual herself .
By contrast , Hitchens , et al , who have been raised in the cradle of a Christian civilization , have imbibed a certain comfort level with the crusading notion that people can — and ought to — be saved even against their will .
Hence , it does not matter if Muslim women do n't regard the burqa as oppressive .
They have to be given sartorial liberation in the same way that the heathens need to be given spiritual liberation .
This is a profoundly anti-liberal and anti-secular idea .
Indeed , if the French and Hitchens were serious about either secularism or liberalism , instead of asking Muslim women to shed the burqa , they would be shedding their own proselytizing prejudice against it .
Shikha Dalmia is a senior analyst at Reason Foundation and a biweekly column for Forbes .
This column originally appeared at Forbes .
I guess it 's asking too much of Fox Business Channel to let us know that their guest and former Labor Secretary Elaine Chao also happens to be married to the Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell as she repeats his talking points for him on the current jobs market .
As Think Progress noted , she did at least get some push - back from Stuart Varney but at no time during the interview is she asked if her opinion might be biased because of who she is married to .
Although given her background and after being as Jim Hightower put it , the ( anti - ) Labor Secretary , she 'd likely be in lock - step with him even if they were n't married .
As a former Bushie who 's administration ran the economy off of the cliff and as the current Minority Leader 's wife , she 's certainly no impartial observer of what 's going on now .
Fox Business ’ Stuart Varney Shoots Down Former Bush Labor Secretary Elaine Chao ’s Negative Jobs Report Spin :
As ThinkProgress noted earlier today , conservatives have sought to rain on Obama ’s parade , falsely claiming that the numbers are a “ disappointment ” because they were “ mostly ” due to hiring Census workers .
On Fox Business today , former Bush labor secretary Elaine Chao attempted to spin the numbers negatively .
But host Stuart Varney , who has been cynical about the administration ’s economic policies , would n’t buy her spin , telling her that “ this is not a blip up on a one month basis , there is a trend ” .
Read on ...
As Steve Benen noted it seems his first - Friday - of - every - month jobs chart got the attention of Rachel Maddow .
As Think Progress pointed out in their post , it appears to have gotten the attention of Speaker Pelosi as well .
Contrary to Chao 's talking points , this does look like a step in the right direction to me as well and more than just a one month " uptick " even though as all of us know , things are still not great on the jobs front .
I wonder what this trend would have looked like if the stimulus plan was n't watered down with Republican tax cuts that Paul Krugman warned against back in January of '09 ?
I see the following scenario : a weak stimulus plan , perhaps even weaker than what we ’re talking about now , is crafted to win those extra GOP votes .
The plan limits the rise in unemployment , but things are still pretty bad , with the rate peaking at something like 9 percent and coming down only slowly .
And then Mitch McConnell says “ See , government spending does n’t work . ”
Let ’s hope I ’ve got this wrong .
Sadly it looks like he got it right although given the Republicans capacity to lie no matter what the facts are even if the administration had listened to Krugman and the numbers were better , they 'd still be saying the stimulus did n't work .
Transcript below the fold .
Largely due to the recently passed health - care reform bill ( aka the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act signed into law by President Barack Obama on March 23 , 2010 ) that has a massive $ 940 billion price tag over ten years , the folks in the Tea Party movement have been in the news a lot lately .
The Tea Party is n’t a formal political party or organization , but more a loose conglomeration of groups such as :
What these groups and others share in common is an opposition to big government and big government spending , along with the taxes needed to finance such spending .
[ As an aside , the Tea Party movement takes its name from the Boston Tea Party , which was a direct act of protest by British colonists who believed the Tea Act violated their right to be taxed only by their own elected representatives .
It ’s worth noting , however , that the taxation that the Tea Party opposes is not without representation – Tea Party activists may not like the taxes , but they are enacted by representatives chosen in elections where Tea Partiers were allowed to vote . ]
For example , from the Tea Party Patriots website :
Fiscal Responsibility : Fiscal Responsibility by government honors and respects the freedom of the individual to spend the money that is the fruit of their own labor .
A constitutionally limited government , designed to protect the blessings of liberty , must be fiscally responsible or it must subject its citizenry to high levels of taxation that unjustly restrict the liberty our Constitution was designed to protect .
Such runaway deficit spending as we now see in Washington D.C. compels us to take action as the increasing national debt is a grave threat to our national sovereignty and the personal and economic liberty of future generations .
Fiscal Responsibility by government honors and respects the freedom of the individual to spend the money that is the fruit of their own labor .
A constitutionally limited government , designed to protect the blessings of liberty , must be fiscally responsible or it must subject its citizenry to high levels of taxation that unjustly restrict the liberty our Constitution was designed to protect .
Such runaway deficit spending as we now see in Washington D.C. compels us to take action as the increasing national debt is a grave threat to our national sovereignty and the personal and economic liberty of future generations .
Constitutionally Limited Government : We , the members of The Tea Party Patriots , are inspired by our founding documents and regard the Constitution of the United States to be the supreme law of the land .
We believe that it is possible to know the original intent of the government our founders set forth , and stand in support of that intent .
Like the founders , we support states ’ rights for those powers not expressly stated in the Constitution .
As the government is of the people , by the people and for the people , in all other matters we support the personal liberty of the individual , within the rule of law .
Not surprisingly , the tea partyers have directed their ire at President Obama ’s and the Democratically - controlled Congress ’s proclivity for excessive domestic spending .
Although it ’s not clear how they feel about farm subsidies which cost $ 10 to $ 30 billion a year .
Or earmark spending – according to Citizens Against Government Waste , in fiscal year 2009 there were 9,129 earmarks worth $ 16.5 billion .
At least they seem to be against corporate bailouts … now .
( It ’s hard to remember a groundswell of those who fit the Tea Party demographic – Republicans or Republican - leaners who voted for John McCain in the 2008 presidential election – who were as vocal about bailing out Wall Street and Detroit automakers when George W. Bush occupied the Oval Office . )
And while the Tea Party is clearly anti-government funded / run health care , it ’s not entirely clear where they stand on Medicare and Medicaid – although the idea of " Keep The Guvmint Out Of My Medicare " is amusing .
And Tea Party - goers have been largely silent about spending for the ongoing conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan .
To begin , even though the various Tea Party groups pay lip service to " Constitutionally limited government " and copies of the Constitution are often handed out at Tea Party rallies , they seem to have forgotten ( or never read ) Article 1 , Section 8 that gives Congress the power to declare war .
Otherwise , they would at least bother to point out that both Afghanistan and Iraq are unconstitutional ( as has been every U.S. military intervention overseas since World War 2 ) .
Constitutionality aside , the cost of military intervention in Iraq and Afghanistan is hardly trivial .
The National Priorities Project ’s Cost of War counter is currently ( as this is written ) at $ 987 billion - plus for both wars ( remember when former White House economic adviser Lawrence Lindsey opined that the Iraq conflict would cost $ 100 billion to $ 200 billion and then Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld later called his estimate " baloney " ? )
According to the National Priorities Project , " to date [ fiscal year 2010 ] $ 1.05 trillion dollars have been allocated to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
In their book The Three Trillion Dollar War , Linda Bilmes and Joseph Stiglitz estimate that the total cost of both wars will be $ 3 trillion .
You would think these kind of numbers would grab the Tea Party ’s attention .
If the prospect of $ 940 billion over ten years for health care concerns them , the $ 680 billion in FY 2010 for the Department of Defense ( the FY2011 request is $ 708 billion ) would also seem to warrant some concern on their part .
Apparently not .
So it ’s hard to take the Tea Party ’s mantra of " fiscal responsibility " seriously .
Although the Tea Party has its roots in Ron Paul ‘s revolution , they forgot the part about a non-interventionist foreign policy ( full disclosure : I was a foreign policy advisor to Dr. Paul during his 2008 presidential run ) , which is part and parcel of a constitutionally limited government and fiscal responsibility .
Unfortunately – especially with Sarah Palin seemingly now a darling of the Tea Party crowd ( she was the keynote speaker at the Tea Party Nation ’s national convention in Nashville , TN , in February and was a headliner for the Tea Party Express stop in Boston , MA on April 14th ) – it seems the tea the Tea Party has been drinking is just Republican Kool Aid .
A PRIEST who provoked worldwide controversy when he advised the desperate and needy to shoplift says it is not surprising some atheists feel hatred towards his faith given the behaviour of some Christians .
Father Tim Jones told his congregation during a Maundy Thursday sermon at St Lawrence CE Church , in York , that following his comments about shoplifting during a sermon he gave at Christmas , he had been subjected to abuse from “ a small minority ” of the Christian community .
He said this had given him an insight into why the so - called “ new atheists ” , including authors Philip Pullman and Richard Dawkin , felt such contempt and dislike for Christians .
He said : “ At the Last Supper , Jesus stipulated what the characteristics of the Church should be : community , servanthood and love .
Those are not bad things .
So why the vitriol ?
“ One reason might be their actual experience of Christians .
Last Christmas , I preached a sermon with which many people disagreed .
“ A very large number of people emailed or wrote to me , expressing their opinions one way or the other .
Many were civil , or thoughtful , or both .
But very many expressed their Christian opposition in ways that were unrestrained , savage and coercive .
“ Such Christians probably represent a small minority , but they punch above their weight .
I would n’t be surprised if those ( like Philip Pullman and Richard Dawkin ) who express well - publicised disagreement with Christianity receive that kind of correspondence all the time . ”
Father Jones also pointed to the history books that are “ full of wars , persecutions and executions , perpetrated by Christian nations , Christian leaders and ordinary Christian believers . ”
He said : “ There are those who look to Christian history and see a catalogue of cruelty in pursuit of power , greed and lust , from institutions and individuals alike . ”
These figures , published below , for the earning of the top five hedge fund managers are DISTURBING and DISGUSTING .
We are witnessing a small self - appointed clique manipulating the world 's assets and wealth for their own self enrichment .
Between the masonic and Zionist control that encompasses the globe , especially in Britain and America , there is an evil and despicable greed devouring vast fortunes into the hands of the thieves masquerading as hedge fund managers , this while the rest of the world 's population are being made homeless with billions living in abject poverty and destitution .
Total amounts earned in for 2009 - 1 . David Tepper $ 4 Billion 2 . George Soros $ 3.3 Billion 3 .James Simons $ 2.5 Billion 4.John Paulson $ 2.4 billion 5 . Steve Cohen $ 1.4 billion
" The Big Lebowski " was just remade into a porn parody , right in time for Lebowski Fest today ... and besides the obvious what - have - yous ... there are definitely a lotta ins and a lotta outs .
David Cameron sparked a fresh row on public spending last night when he indicated that the north - east of England and Northern Ireland may face a squeeze under the Tories .
In a move condemned by Labour as " alarming " , the Tory leader said the state 's share of the economy was too big in some parts of the country .
" In Northern Ireland it is quite clear – and almost every party accepts this –that the size of the state has got too big , " Cameron told Jeremy Paxman in an interview on BBC1 .
" We need a bigger private sector .
There are other parts of the country , including in the north - east .
The aim has got to be to get the private sector , to get the commercial sector going .
" Over the next parliament we have got to see a faster growing private sector , we 've got to broaden our economic base and we need to have a rebalancing of the economy between the commercial and private sector on the one hand and between the state sector on the other . "
Labour was quick to criticise Cameron .
Liam Byrne , the chief secretary to the Treasury , said : " Alarmingly for regions outside London [ David Cameron ] claimed investment in the regions like the north - east was unsustainable , while at the same time saying that tax cuts for millionaires were sustainable .
" With every passing day David Cameron 's big society sounds more and more like the same old Tories – tax cuts for the few at the expense of cuts to essential services and to our regions . "
Cameron 's remarks about the large size of the state in Northern Ireland and the north - east followed the Tories ' decision to highlight in their manifesto the disparity in the size of the state in different parts of the UK .
The manifesto featured a map of the country which showed each region according to the size of their contribution to the economy .
Northern Ireland , which accounts for 2 % of the economy , was tiny on the map .
The north - east of England , accounting for just 3 % , was also small .
Tory sources said that Cameron was talking about boosting private enterprise rather than imposing spending cuts .
The sources said they had shown the importance of rebalancing the economy in favour of the private sector in Northern Ireland by pledging in their manifesto to draw up a paper on lowering corporation tax in the province .
The demand for lower corporation tax has long been a demand of politicians across the spectrum in Northern Ireland .
One of these parties , the Ulster Unionists , has formed an alliance with the Tories who may now come under pressure in Northern Ireland in the light of Cameron 's pledge to reduce the size of the state .
The Tory leader made his remarks last night when Paxman asked him whether he stood by his remarks in a speech in January about the size of the state .
Cameron endorsed these words from January : " In some parts of the country the state accounts for a bigger share of the economy than it did in the communist countries in the old eastern bloc .
This is clearly unsustainable . "
Underlining his point , Cameron told Paxman last night : " I do think some programmes in government have got out of control .
There are things that government does , like ID cards like some of the IT schemes , that I think government should n't do .
I would like to see those reduced . "
But he insisted that he was not relishing cuts .
" You can't make this into some sort of ideological crusade .
The crusade I have is to make our society bigger , richer and stronger , " he said .
Cameron also used the interview to criticise Vince Cable , the Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman , who would be candidate for chancellor if the Tories were forced to negotiate a coalition in a hung parliament .
The Tory leader , who reiterated his view that a hung parliament would lead to stalemate , said : " I do n't agree with Vince Cable .
He thinks we should n't get on with cutting waste this year … I do n't see him as some economic soothsayer , frankly . "
Cameron 's criticism of the Lib Dems was echoed in comments made by the foreign secretary , David Miliband , in an interview with the Guardian who accused Clegg of trading on a myth – that " Britain has experienced 65 years of failure " .
Miliband also warned against tactical voting , saying that a strong Lib Dem showing in 100 key Tory - Labour marginal constituencies would be decisive in whether the Conservatives won power .
He said voting Labour in such seats was " the only way to keep progressive politics governing this country " , adding : " We have said for a long time that David Cameron was not clear what he stood for , and I think Nick Clegg is only clear what he is against .
They are riding the anti-politics wave .
Two teenagers in the US state of Kentucky were arrested last week after allegedly trying to kill a lesbian classmate .
Ashley N Sams of Annville and Corrine M Schwab of Sandgap , both 18 , were arrested last Wednesday and released on bail .
They have been charged with the attempted murder and kidnapping of 18 - year - old classmate Cheyenne Williams , the Lexington Herald - Leader reports .
Ms Williams told police last week that the pair and another girl had assaulted her and tried to push her off the cliff at Flat Lick Falls .
All four are thought to attend Jackson County High School .
A police report said she was “ taken against her will to the Flat Lick Falls area ” where she was assaulted and that the other three girls “ attempted to push her over a cliff , which could have resulted in serious physical injury or death ” .
Ms Williams was able to record the incident on her mobile and her mother Dee Johnson said that she was targeted because she is openly gay .
The third girl arrested , 17 , can not be named due to her age .
The alleged incident took place on April 16th , which was the National Day of Silence , a school event to raise awareness of homophobic bullying .
Does that give us the right to mock some of history 's greatest minds ?
Ah , who knows ?
The modern world as we know it was shaped by the minds of geniuses .
But the same " outside the box " thinking that gave us our great innovations also gave them some truly ridiculous ideas .
6 Thomas Edison's Ghost Busting Machine
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Thomas Edison is America 's most beloved asshole inventor , famous for stealing other people 's inventions , hiring thugs to physically intimidate his competition and heroically electrocuting an elephant to discredit the use of alternating current .
Also , he invented the light bulb ( which he stole ) and the motion picture camera , which he only invented so he could film himself having sex with other men's wives [ citation needed ] .
" ... and you 'll just be in the closet the whole time we 're boning , filming the shit out of it . "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Naturally , the next step for Edison was paranormal extermination .
During the early days of the 20th century , contacting the spirit world was all the rage and any jackass with a gypsy wig and / or monocle could make bundles of cash holding seances to bilk grieving families hoping to talk to a deceased loved one .
And if there was one thing Edison loved , it was money .
After intentionally burning his finger to the point his fingerprint was erased , Edison noted the fingerprint grew back and triumphantly concluded that all human beings must be made of " immortal units " which cannot be destroyed , thus explaining the existence of ghosts .
He set about creating a device that would trap these immortal units and allow them to be studied by the living .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Edison was incredibly secretive about the nature of his ghost hunting mechanism -- not even a prototype was ever seen .
Just about the only real detail anyone knows is that one of his assistants died while working on it , presumably because Edison wanted to test and see if it worked .
Here are my notes for my talk to the TEDxNYed gathering this past weekend .
I used the opportunity of a TED event to question the TED format , especially in relation to education , where — as in media — we must move past the one - way lecture to collaboration .
I feared I ’d get tomatoes — organic — thrown at me at the first line , but I got laugh and so everything we OK from there .
The video wo n’t be up for a week or two so I ’ll share my notes .
It ’s not word - for - word what I delivered , but it ’s close … .
* * *
This is bullshit .
Why should you be sitting there listening to me ?
To paraphrase Dan Gillmor , you know more than I do .
Will Richardson should be up here instead of me .
And to paraphrase Jay Rosen , you should be the people formerly known as the audience .
But right now , you ’re the audience and I ’m lecturing .
That ’s bullshit .
What does this remind of us of ?
The classroom , of course , and the entire structure of an educational system built for the industrial age , turning out students all the same , convincing them that there is one right answer — and that answer springs from the lecturn .
If they veer from it they ’re wrong ; they fail .
What else does this remind us of ?
Media , old media : one - way , one - size - fits - all .
The public does n’t decide what ’s news and what ’s right .
The journalist - as - speaker does .
But we must question this very form .
We must enable students to question the form .
I , too , like lots of TED talks .
But having said that ….
During the latest meeting of Mothership TED , I tweeted that I did n’t think I had ever seen any TEDster tweet anything negative about a talk given there , so enthralled are they all for being there , I suppose .
I asked whether they were given soma in their shwag bags .
But then , blessed irony , a disparaging tweet came from none other than TED ’s curator , dean , editor , boss , Chris Anderson .
Sarah Silverman had said something that caused such a kerfuffle Anderson apologized and then apologized for the apology , so flummoxed was he by someone coming into the ivory tower of TED to shake things up with words .
When I tweeted about this , trying to find out what Silverman had said , and daring to question the adoration TEDsters have for TED , one of its acolytes complained about my questioning the wonders of TED .
She explained that TED gave her “ validation . ”
Validation .
Good God , that ’s the last thing we should want .
We should want questions , challenges , discussion , debate , collaboration , quests for understanding and solutions .
Has the internet taught us any less ?
But that is what education and media do : they validate .
They also repeat .
In news , I have argued that we can no longer afford to repeat the commodified news the public already knows because we want to tell the story under our byline , exuding our ego ; we must , instead , add unique value .
The same can be said of the academic lecture .
Does it still make sense for countless teachers to rewrite the same essential lecture about , say , capillary action ?
Used to be , they had to .
But not now , not since open curricula and YouTube .
Just as journalists must become more curator than creator , so must educators .
A few years ago , I had this conversation with Bob Kerrey at the New School .
He asked what he could do to compete with brilliant lectures now online at MIT .
I said do n’t complete , complement .
I imagined a virtual Oxford based on a system of lecturers and tutors .
Maybe the New School should curate the best lectures on capillary action from MIT and Stanford or a brilliant teacher who explains it well even if not from a big - school brand ; that could be anyone in YouTube U .
And then the New School adds value by tutoring : explaining , answering , probing , enabling .
The lecture does have its place to impart knowledge and get us to a shared starting point .
But it ’s not the be - all - and - end - all of education – or journalism .
Now the shared lecture is a way to find efficiency in ending repetition , to make the best use of the precious teaching resource we have , to highlight and support the best .
I ’ll give the same advice to the academy that I give to news media :
Do what you do best and link to the rest .
I still have n’t moved past the lecture and teacher as starting point .
I also think we must make the students the starting point .
At a Carnegie event at the Paley Center a few weeks ago , I moderated a panel on teaching entrepreneurial journalism and it was only at the end of the session that I realized what I should have done : start with the room , not the stage .
I asked the students in the room what they wished their schools were teaching them .
It was a great list : practical yet visionary .
I tell media that they must become collaborative , because the public knows much , because people want to create , not just consume , because collaboration is a way to expand news , because it is a way to save expenses .
I argue that news is a process , not a product .
Indeed , I say that communities can now share information freely – the marginal cost of their news is zero .
We in journalism should ask where we can add value .
But note that that in this new ecosystem , the news does n’t start with us .
It starts with the community .
I ’ve been telling companies that they need to move customers up the design chain .
On a plane this week , I sat next to a manufacturer of briefcases last week and asked whether , say , TechCrunch could get road warriors to design the ultimate laptop bag for them , would he build it ?
Of course , he would .
So we need to move students up the education chain .
They do n’t always know what they need to know , but why do n’t we start by finding out ?
Instead of giving tests to find out what they ’ve learned , we should test to find out what they do n’t know .
Their wrong answers are n’t failures , they are needs and opportunities .
But the problem is that we start at the end , at what we think students should learn , prescribing and preordaining the outcome :
We have the list of right answers .
We tell them our answers before they ’ve asked the questions .
We drill them and test them and tell them they ’ve failed if they do n’t regurgitate back our lectures as lessons learned .
That is a system built for the industrial age , for the assembly line , stamping out everything the same : students as widgets , all the same .
But we are no longer in the industrial age .
We are in the Google age .
Hear Jonathan Rosenberg , Google ’s head of product management , who advised students in a blog post .
Google , he said , is looking for “ non-routine problem - solving skills . ”
The routine way to solve the problem of misspelling is , of course , the dictionary .
The non-routine way is to listen to all the mistake and corrections we make and feed that back to us in the miraculous , “ Did you mean ? ”
“ In the real world , ” he said , “ the tests are all open book , and your success is inexorably determined by the lessons you glean from the free market . ”
One more from him : “ It ’s easy to educate for the routine , and hard to educate for the novel . ”
Google sprung from seeing the novel .
Is our educational system preparing students to work for or create Googles ?
Googles do n’t come from lectures .
So if not the lecture hall , what ’s the model ?
I mentioned one : the distributed Oxford : lectures here , teaching there .
Once you ’re distributed , then one has to ask , why have a university ?
Why have a school ?
Why have a newspaper ?
Why have a place or a thing ?
Perhaps , like a new news organization , the tasks shift from creating and controlling content and managing scarcity to curating people and content and enabling an abundance of students and teachers and of knowledge : a world whether anyone can teach and everyone will learn .
We must stop selling scarce chairs in lecture halls and thinking that is our value .
We must stop our culture of standardized testing and standardized teaching .
Fuck the SATs .*
In the Google age , what is the point of teaching memorization ?
We must stop looking at education as a product – in which we turn out every student giving the same answer – to a process , in which every student looks for new answers .
Life is a beta .
Why should n’t every university – every school – copy Google ’s 20 % rule , encouraging and enabling creation and experimentation , every student expected to make a book or an opera or an algorithm or a company .
Rather than showing our diplomas , should n’t we show our portfolios of work as a far better expression of our thinking and capability ?
The school becomes not a factory but an incubator .
There ’s another model for an alternative to the lecture and it ’s Dave Winer ’s view of the unconference .
At the first Bloggercon , Dave had me running a panel on politics and when I said something about “ my panel , ” he jumped down my throat , as only Dave can .
“ There is no panel , ” he decreed .
“ The room is the panel . ” Ding .
It was in the moment that I learned to moderate events , including those in my classroom , by drawing out the conversation and knowledge of the wise crowd in the room .
So you might ask why I did n’t do that here today .
I could blame the form ; did n’t want to break the form .
But we all know there ’s another reason :
Ego .
* That was an ad-lib
Release dates :
- March 26th ( Europe )
- April 20th ( America )
Recorded at Chapel Studios , South Thoresby , Lincolnshire , November 2009 .
Mastered at Maor Appelbaum Mastering , California , U.S.A .
Pre-production at OTR Studios , London .
Barcode : 727361227609
Matrix / Runout ( Disc One ) : CAP01087 NB2276-01DLT
01 OMM Technicolor
Matrix / Runout ( Disc Two ) : CAP01086 NB2276-02DLT
01 OMM Technicolor
Mastering SID Code ( Disc One ) : IFPI LR79
Mastering SID Code ( Disc Two ) : IFPI LR79
Mould SID Code ( Disc One ) : IFPI UGAB
Mould SID Code ( Disc Two ) : IFPI UGAB
Researchers at Johns Hopkins have discovered that a compound in dark chocolate may protect the brain after a stroke by increasing cellular signals already known to shield nerve cells from damage .
Ninety minutes after feeding mice a single modest dose of epicatechin , a compound found naturally in dark chocolate , the scientists induced an ischemic stroke by essentially cutting off blood supply to the animals ' brains .
They found that the animals that had preventively ingested the epicatechin suffered significantly less brain damage than the ones that had not been given the compound .
While most treatments against stroke in humans have to be given within a two - to three - hour time window to be effective , epicatechin appeared to limit further neuronal damage when given to mice 3.5 hours after a stroke .
Given six hours after a stroke , however , the compound offered no protection to brain cells .
Sylvain Doré , Ph.D. , associate professor of anesthesiology and critical care medicine and pharmacology and molecular sciences at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine , says his study suggests that epicatechin stimulates two previously well - established pathways known to shield nerve cells in the brain from damage .
When the stroke hits , the brain is ready to protect itself because these pathways -- Nrf2 and heme oxygenase 1 -- are activated .
In mice that selectively lacked activity in those pathways , the study found , epicatechin had no significant protective effect and their brain cells died after a stroke .
The study now appears online in the Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow and Metabolism .
Eventually , Doré says , he hopes his research into these pathways could lead to insights into limiting acute stroke damage and possibly protecting against chronic neurological degenerative conditions , such as Alzheimer 's disease and other age - related cognitive disorders .
advertisement
The amount of dark chocolate people would need to consume to benefit from its protective effects remains unclear , since Doré has not studied it in clinical trials .
People should n't take this research as a free pass to go out and consume large amounts of chocolate , which is high in calories and fat .
In fact , people should be reminded to eat a healthy diet with a variety of fruits and vegetables .
Scientists have been intrigued by the potential health benefits of epicatechin by studying the Kuna Indians , a remote population living on islands off the coast of Panama .
The islands ' residents had a low incidence of cardiovascular disease .
Scientists who studied them found nothing striking in the genes and realized that when they moved away from Kuna , they were no longer protected from heart problems .
Researchers soon discovered the reason was likely environmental :
The residents of Kuna regularly drank a very bitter cocoa drink , with a consistency like molasses , instead of coffee or soda .
The drink was high in the compound epicatechin , which is a flavanol , a flavanoid - related compound .
But Doré says his research suggests the amount needed could end up being quite small because the suspected beneficial mechanism is indirect .
" Epicatechin itself may not be shielding brain cells from free radical damage directly , but instead , epicatechin , and its metabolites , may be prompting the cells to defend themselves , " he suggests .
The epicatechin is needed to jump - start the protective pathway that is already present within the cells .
" Even a small amount may be sufficient , " Doré says .
Not all dark chocolates are created equally , he cautions .
Some have more bioactive epicatechin than others .
" The epicatechin found in dark chocolate is extremely sensitive to changes in heat and light " he says .
" In the process of making chocolate , you have to make sure you do n't destroy it .
Only few chocolates have the active ingredient .
The fact that it says ' dark chocolate ' is not sufficient . "
The new study was supported by grants from the National Institutes of Health and the American Heart and Stroke Association .
Other Johns Hopkins researchers on the study include Zahoor A. Shah , Ph.D. ; Rung-chi Li , Ph.D. ; Abdullah S. Ahmad , Ph.D. ; Thomas W. Kensler , Ph.D. ; and Shyam Biswal , Ph.D .
I never had the chance to meet Danny Manzaro , my father ’s best friend and whose name I bear .
Manzaro , a corporal in the 3rd battalion , 7th Marines , killed at age 21 in what is now Quang Nam province in the U.S. aggression against Vietnam .
He should have been home when the bullet took his life , but he was still fighting in Vietnam ; his tour of duty had been extended .
My father , of course , was devastated when he learned of the loss of his friend .
He did n’t serve in that war , because of a trick knee .
He felt , perhaps still feels , a sense of guilt over this .
Though he harbored no resentment against the Vietnamese , he did n’t feel that it was right that so many of his friends were dying overseas while he was stateside ( though , of course , my family was and is glad his knee was n’t up to military par ) .
The loss of his best friend only compounded the guilt .
Though Manzaro was killed well before I was born in 1976 , some of my earliest memories involve him .
I remember my father showing me , as a child , the last letters Manzaro had sent .
The brightly colored envelopes had “ air mail ” written repeatedly in human script on their front and back .
I was told that the soldiers fighting were so desperate to keep in touch with friends and family back home that they went to great lengths to ensure that letters sent were received .
A few years later , in the early 1980s , a moving Vietnam War memorial came through Worcester , Massachusetts , my hometown .
My family went downtown and found Danny ’s name written on it .
The way the war was taught to me as a child was abstract : there were battles and they were particularly violent .
Innocent people were being killed everywhere .
But what the war was about really was never entirely clear .
Perhaps no one in the family was really sure .
There were two sides , but I had no idea what each side stood for .
Back then , I never thought to ask .
The war was a fact , as is water and the sky , and there seemed to be no reason to question why it was there .
In one of those strange twists of fate , this past weekend , 35 years after the end of that horrible war , which we all now know was a vicious attack by U.S. imperialism on a nation simply trying to free itself from colonial chains , I escorted Vietnam ’s deputy ambassador to the United States around the 29th Convention of the Communist Party USA .
When he was a child , Ambassador Minh T. Nguyen had to leave his village several times because of American air raids , and he surely knew many people , friends , who were killed in the atrocities .
Yet here he is today , in the United States , bringing and advocating friendship and always better ties .
In private , and in reading official greetings from the Communist Party of Vietnam , he spoke not about the horrors that the U.S. imposed on his country , but of pushing forward and building closer friendship between not just our two parties , but the whole of the American and the Vietnamese peoples .
What he said is wholly representative of today ’s Vietnam .
In fact , while the fight against U.S. imperialism was heroic and inspiring , Vietnam ’s leadership in the push for peace and solidarity - and forgiveness - is no less inspiring or heroic .
While working to build their socialist society and to develop the country , they have eschewed the anti-U.S. rhetoric of a number of states that have been in conflict with the U.S. Instead , they ’ve chosen the path of cooperation and , in the 1990s , the two nations normalized relations to such an extent that trade between Vietnam and the U.S. is now equal to trade between Vietnam and China .
Our two nations never should have been enemies .
The Vietnamese resistance fighters , including and especially Ho Chi Minh , born 120 years ago , drew inspiration from the ideals of the American Revolution .
In fact , 65 years ago , Ho Chi Minh declared Vietnam ’s independence , opening his speech with the second paragraph of our own Declaration of Independence .
While the Communist Party USA ’s National Convention was going on , tens of thousands of U.S. veterans of the war gathered in Lambeau Stadium in Green Bay .
The main message on display was simple : war is hell .
This is something to which both the Vietnamese people and American soldiers can attest .
Animosities are now fading into the past , and it is to the great credit of the Vietnamese people that they are actively working to bury them for good .
We in the U.S. should continue to take up this cause of friendship and peace .
We can start by working to ensure that our government does its part in aiding all the victims of Agent Orange , Vietnamese and American .
Photo : Dan Margolis stands with Mr. Nguyen , deputy ambassador of Vietnam to the United States .
( PW )
Update at bottom : Fox News , other media outlets falsely tar Kagan on Vatican immunity
The Obama administration in a brief to the Supreme Court has backed the Vatican ’s claim of immunity from lawsuits arising from cases of sexual abuse by priests in the United States .
The Supreme Court is considering an appeal by the Vatican of an appellate court ruling that lifted its immunity in the case of an alleged pedophile priest from Oregon .
ADVERTISEMENT
In a filing on Friday , the solicitor general ’s office argued that the Ninth Circuit court of appeals erred in allowing the lawsuit brought by a man who claims he was sexually abused in the 1960s by the Oregon priest .
The unnamed plaintiff , who cited the Holy See and several other parties as defendants , argued the Vatican should be held responsible for transferring the priest to Oregon and letting him serve there despite previous accusations he had abused children in Chicago and in Ireland .
The solicitor general ’s office , which defends the position of President Barack Obama ’s administration before the Supreme Court , said the Ninth Circuit improperly found the case to be an exception to the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act , a 1976 federal law that sets limits on when other countries can face lawsuits in US courts .
“ Although the decision does not conflict with any decision of another court of appeals , the Court may wish to grant the petition , vacate the judgement of the court of appeals and remand to that court for further consideration ” .
The case , which was filed in 2002 , does not directly address questions raised in a separate lawsuit in Kentucky alleging that US bishops are employees of the Holy See .
ADVERTISEMENT
But the Vatican plans to argue that Catholic dioceses are run as separate entities from the Holy See , and that the only authority that the pontiff has over bishops around the world is a religious one , according to Jeffrey Lena , the Vatican ’s US attorney .
In recent months , large - scale pedophilia scandals have rocked the Roman Catholic Church in a number of countries , including Austria , Ireland , Pope Benedict XVI ’s native Germany and the United States .
Senior clerics have been accused of protecting the priests involved by moving them to other parishes — where they sometimes offended again — instead of handing them over to civil authorities for prosecution .
ADVERTISEMENT
The pope , who has himself faced allegations implicating him in the scandal , has repeatedly said priests and religious workers guilty of child abuse should answer for their crimes in courts of law .
Fox News , other media outlets falsely tar Kagan on Vatican immunity
ADVERTISEMENT
If a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to hear it then it ’s fair to suggest it did n’t happen .
However , if media outlets ignore widely reported and key news regarding a Supreme Court nominee — which should have been assumptive in the first place — questions of kneejerk bias are bound to emerge .
At the popular Beliefnet website , which Rupert Murdoch ’s Fox Entertainment Group acquired in late 2007 , Nicole Neroulias writes , “ Some good news for Pope Benedict : the Obama administration , in a brief filed by Solicitor General and Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan , has sided with the Vatican in the 2002 Oregon lawsuit pending SCOTUS review over sex abuse claims , saying that the Holy See has diplomatic immunity . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Kate Shellnut , reporting for The Houston Chronicle - owned Houston Belief ( The Chonicle did endorse Obama in 2008 , the first Democrat the paper backed since Lyndon Johnson in 1964 ) , writes , “ Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan , acting as Solicitor General , filed a brief last week granting the Vatican diplomatic immunity over a lawsuit brought against the Roman Catholic Church for sexually abusive priests . ”
And Fox News reports ,
“ The office , headed by Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan , argued that the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals — which lifted the Vatican ’s immunity in the Oregon priest case — should not have treated the case as an exception to a 1976 federal law that limits when foreign countries can face charges in the U.S. judicial system . ”
But Kagan ’s name does n’t appear anywhere in the brief ( pdf link ) , since she stepped aside over two weeks ago , as the Associated Press noted last week .
Kagan wrote a letter to the Supreme Court on Monday , saying her deputy , Neal Kumar Katyal , will serve as acting solicitor general in light of her nomination .
“ I ask that you please address future correspondence from the Court to him , and that the Court ’s docket sheets reflect his designation as Counsel of Record , ” Kagan said in a letter to Supreme Court Clerk William Suter . ….
The solicitor general is the top government lawyer who argues the administration ’s cases before the Supreme Court .
Katyal ’s promotion was effective as of May 10 , the date President Barack Obama nominated Kagan to the high court as the replacement for retiring Justice John Paul Stevens .
ADVERTISEMENT
Of course , if Kagan had n’t been nominated , chances are she would have done the same as Katyal , since both previous presidential administrations sided with the Vatican on similar cases .
In 2005 , the Associated Press reported , “ The U.S. Justice Department has told a Texas court that a lawsuit accusing Pope Benedict XVI of conspiring to cover up the sexual molestation of three boys by a seminarian should be dismissed because the pontiff enjoys immunity as head of state of the Holy See . ”
Assistant U.S. Attorney General Peter Keisler said in Monday ’s filing that allowing the lawsuit to proceed would be “ incompatible with the United States ’ foreign policy interests . ”
There was no immediate ruling from Judge Lee Rosenthal of the U.S. District Court for the southern district of Texas in Houston .
However , U.S. courts have been bound by such “ suggestion of immunity ” motions submitted by the government , Keisler ’s filing says .
A 1994 lawsuit against Pope John Paul II ( search ) , also filed in Texas , was dismissed after the U.S. government filed a similar motion .
But blaming Obama ’s Supreme Court nominee makes for better copy at some outlets , apparently .
ADVERTISEMENT
( with additional reporting by RAW STORY )
In Reddit 's continuing effort to weed out spammers , it has taken another not - quite traditional step : email verification .
Okay , so it sounds perfectly traditional , but the site has gone and taken it one step further - email verification that is completely voluntary .
Earlier this month , the social news and bookmarking site announced that it was going to be drafting its users in a form of crowdsourced spam filtering .
This next step , it says , could make " the spammers ' job dramatically harder " .
From Reddit engineer Mike Schiraldi's blog post :
First and foremost , nobody has to verify their email address .
If you 're paranoid about this sort of thing and would rather jump off a cliff than tell reddit your email address , you 'll still be able to log in , vote , post crazy comments , submit links to bunker supplies and tinfoil hat designs , and everything else that you 're used to .
In fact , we think ( and hope ) that normal , non -spammy users wo n't even notice any change .
The only ones who should have a problem are people who submit one crummy link after another , as often as the site will let them .
We 're going to start limiting them to a certain number of crummy links per hour ( and per day , per week , etc ) .
Schiraldi goes on to explain that " crummy " links are ones that are flagged as spam , fail to pass " deputy moderation " ( that crowdsourced spam filtering me mentioned above ) and links with more downvotes than upvotes .
So , if you surpass the number of crummy links allowed , all you need to do is verify your email address and " you 'll be granted a lot more leeway . "
It 's interesting to see these attempts at slight twists on traditional spam filtering because , as Schiraldi notes in the beginning of his blog post , " there are plenty of occasions when reddit users wish to remain anonymous " and " it 's a fine line to walk , crushing spammers without hurting [ their ] community . "
The IAmA is a perfect example .
The name is a multipurpose anacronym , where someone says " I am a " but it also means " Ask Me Anything " .
Without anonymity , this massively popular section of Reddit would be far less interesting , if not impossible .
Copyright 2010 ReadWriteWeb .
All Rights Reserved .
Afterward , he was an allergist at a pharmaceutical company , but the work bored him , and he returned to academia at Nottingham in 1981 , investigating the ways parasitic worms suppressed rodents ' immune systems .
" At that time , " he said , " I realized the definitive work had to be carried out in humans .
So I began to make inquiries about possible tropical venues for this research . "
In the late 1980s , the Wellcome Trust issued a grant , and Pritchard and his Nottingham team set up camp on Karkar Island , Papua New Guinea .
" We did n't speak the language , and we were sparsely equipped , " he recalled .
" But we established a rapport with the people .
We gave them worm tablets and would ask them politely , in pidgin English , to collect their fecal matter in buckets for us . "
Hookworm infiltrates a victim 's system when the larvae , hatched from eggs in infected people 's excrement , penetrate the skin , often through the soles of the feet .
From there , they enter the bloodstream , travel to the heart and lungs , and are swallowed when they reach the pharynx .
They mature into adults once they reach the small intestine , where they can subsist for years by latching onto the intestinal wall and siphoning off blood .
After sieving the fecal samples to extract hookworms eliminated when the worm treatment pill was given , the team reached an intriguing conclusion : Villagers with the highest levels of allergy - related antibodies in their blood had the smallest and least fertile parasites , indicating that these antibodies conferred a degree of protection against parasite infection .
And the hookworms seemed equipped to retaliate .
After colonizing a digestive tract , the host often showed signs of a blunted immune response , leading Pritchard to suspect that the worms were reducing the potency of the body 's defenses to make their environment more hospitable .
" Sitting in the jungle for long periods gives you time to think , " he noted .
" And this led to the idea that worm burdens of tolerable intensity could be beneficial under some circumstances . "
Toilet
I usually take a pee in the toilet and flush .
During this time I observe a number of things .
Is this a low - flow toilet ?
What kind of flushing power does it have ?
Note : if it can't take down my yellow , it ai n't taking down my brown .
I also take stock of any objects , like knickknacks or tissue boxes , that might be perched on the back of the toilet .
In the event that I need quick and immediate access to the internal flushing mechanism , I like to think out in advance what kind of an effort this will require .
Sink
I look to see if the sink is in close proximity to the toilet .
Ideally , I should be able to reach the faucet and turn the water on while still seated on the can .
This is so I can sporadically turn on the water to mask any splashing noises that might occur while I 'm doing my business .
Ceiling Fan
This is key to making me feel comfortable enough to crap in your bathroom .
The Ceiling Fan provides two essential functions necessary for a stress - free poo .
First off , it is a fan that sucks foul odors from the bathroom .
Secondly , it makes noise - which can prevent you from hearing the grunting , groaning , farting , and splashing noises that I 'm making .
Note :
If you do n't have a fan , you better have a window .
If you do n't have either , I 'm sorry , but I 'm just not gonna be able to use your bathroom to make a deposit .
Heat Lamp
It is very important that I do n't mistake a Heat Lamp for a Ceiling Fan .
They both make noise , which is good , but as we 've learned , a Ceiling Fan also sucks away foul odors .
A Heat Lamp simply bakes the odor , thus exacerbating the problem .
Note : Using a Heat Lamp solely for its noise making ability while using a window , or other device ( to be discussed ) , to eliminate baked butt - smell , is acceptable , but not ideal .
Matches
I 'm always pleased when I see a book of matches on the back of the toilet .
I do n't know how lighting a match nullifies poop - stench , but I do n't question it too much for fear it will one day stop working .
Note : Always flush matches .
Do not put them in the trash can or the fact that you 're dumping in someone else 's house may suddenly be the least of your problems .
I learned this hard way and please believe me when I tell you that you really do n't want to be frantically trying to extinguish flames and frantically trying to pull your pants up at the same time .
Air Freshener
Air Freshener is completely worthless .
If I see this in your bathroom , it tells me one thing , and one thing only :
You like the smell of shit - covered flowers .
If this is the case , I 'll be happy to oblige , but personally I 'd rather smell the foulest poo-stink than some of the so - called air " fresheners " out there .
Toilet Paper
I check to see that there is , in fact , toilet paper currently on the roll .
Whether the paper comes off the roll " over " or " under " is irrelevant as long as there is ample supply .
I might check under the sink , etc. for extra rolls just to make sure I 'm on the safe side .
I do n't want to find out mid-crap that you 're out of toilet paper .
I also do n't want to shuffle across the floor with my pants around my ankles and crack the door so you can hand me an extra roll because I 've gone through the current supply .
I do n't think you want this either .
Plunger
My single greatest fear in life is clogging a toilet in somebody else 's house and finding myself plunger - less .
This fear is most likely the direct result of the time when I clogged a toilet in somebody else 's house and found myself plungerless .
( This was on a first date with a hot chick and I ended up having to get very creative with a two - liter bottle of coke ... nevermind , it 's too painful to think about . )
I think it goes without saying that the only thing more embarrassing than taking a crap at someone else 's house , is sheepishly emerging from the bathroom to ask the host if they own a plunger .
A plunger is a must , people .
Put it next to the toilet or under the sink or anywhere in the bathroom for that matter .
I 'll find it if I need it .
Believe me .
Mr Jepsen said the aftershocks registering about 2.0 on the Richter scale were not powerful enough to cause building damage and would lessen in magnitude and frequency today .
The Golden Eagle hotel in Boulder sustained heavy damage in the quake .
Credit : Andrew Whitton
The RAC has already received more than 20 claims , and has started working to assess the extent and cost of the damage .
RAC Insurance spokesman Glen Walker said most of the claims reported so far were for structural damage to buildings .
He said a building engineer had arrived in the Goldfields capital yesterday to conduct damage assessments .
" At this stage it is too early to estimate costs , " Mr Walker said .
" We will continue to monitor the situation and provide advice and support to members as appropriate . "
Mr Yuryevich said 30 emergency accommodation vouchers had been handed out overnight - mainly to mine workers who were staying at historic hotels damaged yesterday in and around Boulder 's busy Burt Street .
Mr Yuryevich said that about 60 people had used the services of a makeshift information centre operating out of the Super Pit shop in Boulder .
The council has flown in five private structural engineers to assess damage , and they are due to report at 2 pm today .
Bricks litter the streets of Boulder .
Mr Yuryevich said early advice had indicated most of the town 's buildings had escaped serious damage , and stretches of Burt Street would likely reopen to traffic later today .
Tremor registers 5.0 Buildings in Kalgoorlie - Boulder were damaged , Australia 's largest open - cut mine - the Super Pit - was evacuated and a teenage receptionist was buried in rubble after the earthquake measuring 5.0 on the Richter scale hit yesterday morning .
Geoscience Australia spokesman Chris Thompson said the quake hit at 8.17 am , about two kilometres south - west of Kalgoorlie , in the Boulder area .
It sounded like a bulldozer was going through the front of the building .
Mr Thompson said the 5.0 quake was the largest ever recorded in the Goldfields region .
" This is , by quite some way , the largest earthquake recorded since consistent records commenced in the early 1900s , " he said .
" This is a very large earthquake for a populated area in Australia . "
By comparison , the 1989 quake that killed 13 people in the NSW steel city of Newcastle measured 5.6 .
The 1968 quake that destroyed the WA Wheatbelt town of Meckering measured 6.9 .
Australia 's largest ever documented quake , which measured 7.2 , struck in 1941 at Meeberrie , north - east of the WA holiday town of Kalbarri .
Woman buried under rubble The Fire and Emergency Services Authority said two people from Boulder were treated for minor injuries at Kalgoorlie Hospital .
One of the injured two , a 19 - year - old receptionist at Goldfields Physiotherapy Services , was knocked unconscious after the reception roof collapsed .
Physiotherapist Gavin Corica and client Dominic
Power rushed to the young woman's help after the men had sought refuge under a doorway in the century - old building .
" It sounded like a bulldozer was going through the front of the building , " Mr Corica said .
" The whole front reception caved in and it was pitch black .
It was very hard to see anything because there was so much dust . "
Mr Corica said the receptionist had tried to seek refuge beneath her desk , but only partially succeeded before being buried in rubble .
" We could n't see what we were doing for at least a minute , " he said .
" She took two minutes to respond .
" She was certainly knocked out - she was concussed when we pulled her out . "
Mr Corica said the receptionist had been discharged from Kalgoorlie Hospital without serious injury .
" We were lucky that there were no patients in the waiting area or they would have been killed , " he said .
Mines closed , buildings damaged A FESA spokeswoman said Goldfields locals should prepare themselves for aftershocks in the coming days and beware of falling debris .
Australian Workers Union national secretary Paul Howes said all mines in the area - including the massive Super Pit , Australia 's biggest open - cut mine - were evacuated and closed yesterday afternoon pending a geological assessment .
No injuries had been reported on any mines , and all workers had been accounted for .
Broken windows at the local ABC radio station were reported , and a balcony collapsed at Boulder 's Golden Eagle Hotel .
Boulder Primary School received severe structural damage , including a ceiling collapse .
Students and teachers were evacuated to a safer part of the school but FESA said parents were welcome to collect their children and take them home .
Kalgoorlie Hospital patients and staff were evacuated for about half an hour after damage was sustained to walls .
Other schools including O'Connor Primary , North Kalgoorlie Primary , Kalgoorlie Primary and Kalgoorlie School of the Air received minor damage .
FESA said students at those schools were unaffected and the schools remain open .
FESA confirmed the historic Rock Hotel was also among " five or six " older inns to have received damage in Boulder 's Burt and Lane streets .
Long - serving Kalgoorlie - Boulder mayor Ron Yuryevich , who has lived in the Goldfields all his life , said the quake was the worst he had experienced .
Mr Yuryevich confirmed Boulder 's Recreation Hotel and the Golden Eagle Hotel had suffered damage to their facades .
He said the " 10 - 15 second " quake rocked the council 's administrative offices , causing some staff to evacuate and some to suffer shock .
" I was talking to the CEO at the council and it shook the hell out of that building and it caused great concern , " Mr Yuryevich said .
' The whole ground shook '
Recreation Hotel cook Alli Brand said she was in the kitchen making breakfast for a patron in the front bar when the earthquake hit .
" The whole ground just shook , " she said .
" The quake just hit and the ground was like waves - not huge waves , but little ones .
" I was really frightened and thought ' Oh no , we 're going to go under ' . "
Ms Brand said that brick walls on the top floor of the century - old building crumbled .
" The top part of the hotel moved , " she said .
" It felt like the whole hotel was going to collapse .
" It was really loud and thunderous . "
Ms Brand said the hotel was evacuated , and there were no injuries .
Police closed Burt , Moran , Piesse , Lionel , Lane and Hamilton streets to traffic .
Deputy Premier Kim Hames said a full report on the damage and recovery efforts would be presented to parliament later this week .
Loading " Our thoughts are with the residents of Kalgoorlie - Boulder and the surrounding region , " he said .
" This has been a significant event , the likes of which we have not been seen for more than half a century . "
There 's something I 've been noticing lately in theists ' arguments against atheists .
When you start paying attention , you notice how many of them are n't really arguments .
And no , I 'm not even talking about the " I feel it in my heart " or " ' Cause the Bible tells me so " non-arguments .
I 'm talking about the " Shut up , that 's why " arguments .
I 'm talking about the arguments that are meant to stop the discussion entirely .
I 'm talking about the arguments whose main purpose is to try to get atheists to stop making their arguments .
I talked about a couple of these in my recent 10 Myths and Truths About Atheists piece that I wrote for AlterNet .
You know , one of the interesting things about writing for AlterNet is that it exposes me to , shall we say , a wider variety of thought processes than my own mostly well - mannered little blog does .
( From atheists as well as theists . )
In particular , I was a little surprised , given how clear I thought I 'd been on why " Shut up , that 's why " arguments are an unfair and unreasonable form of anti-atheist bigotry , at how many people in the comments went ahead and made those arguments anyway .
In a fascinating variety of forms .
It was quite an opportunity to study the species in its native habitat .
The thing about the " Shut up , that 's why " arguments is that many of them can seem reasonable on the surface .
They 're slippery , not actual direct arguments .
It can take some attention to see what exactly is wrong with them .
So I want to go through the " Shut up , that 's why " arguments and show how they 're designed , not to move the discussion forward , but to shut it down .
For the record , I 'm going to leave out the more obvious and heavy - handed versions of " Shut up , that 's why . "
Like calling us inherently immoral , or accusing us of the worst war crimes in history , or ostracizing / jailing / beating / killing people for being atheists .
But if there are any other than those that I 've missed , please speak up in the comments .
Do n't you have anything better to do ?
Why do you keep talking about atheism when ( the economy is tanking , there are wars , people are being tortured , the planet is overheating , etc. ) ?
How can you think this is important ?
Why do you expect anyone to pay attention to it ?
Ah , yes .
This is what I call the " How can you talk about blowjobs when people are dying in Darfur ? " argument .
Okay .
First of all , A : People are multi-faceted .
We can think about , and talk about , many different things at once .
We can talk about global warming , and cute cats .
We can talk about Afghanistan , and the history of surrealism .
And we can talk about the tanking economy , and whether or not God exists .
Not everything we talk about has to be the Major Social Issue of the Day .
If we only ever talked about the terrible state of the world , our heads would explode .
We need a little variety .
But more to the point , B :
Atheists think religion is a major social issue .
Atheists -- many of us , anyway -- think religion is one of the major sources of social upheaval on the planet .
From sex and science education in the U.S. public schools , to the violence and chaos in the Middle East , we think a lot of what 's terribly wrong with the world would be better -- not perfect , but better -- without religion .
This is n't trivial .
Treating it as trivial is just an attempt to get us to shut up .
Religion is based on faith , not reason .
It exists in a different realm from science and politics and such , and it's not fair to expect it to compete on the same level .
( A.k.a. , non-overlapping magisteria . )
Yeah .
See , here 's the problem with that .
If you believe in a God who acts on the world , then that 's not a different realm .
That 's this realm .
The realm of cause and effect .
The one we 're living in .
And if you believe in a God who created the world but does n't act on it ... well , who cares ?
Technically that 's not atheism , but in any practical sense it might as well be .
Here 's the interesting thing .
Before we knew as much about the world as we do now , religious teachers loved to point to evidence in the world as proof of God 's existence .
Now that we have much better explanations for the world than God , all of a sudden they 're saying that it 's unfair to expect religious believers to give evidence for their beliefs .
The " it 's unfair to expect religion to make its case " trope is just a way of trying to stop atheists from making our case .
( Plus it 's a distraction from the fact that believers really do n't have one . )
It 's just an attempt to get us to shut up .
Why do you care what other people believe ?
Why do Democrats care what Republicans believe ?
And vice versa ?
Why do social democrat types care what free market freaks believe , and vice versa ?
Why do gay rights activists care what anti- gay - rights activists believe , and vice versa ?
Atheists care what believers believe , because people act on their beliefs .
Beliefs have consequences in the real world .
And that includes religious beliefs .
To ask atheists to ignore what believers believe , even though it has an enormous impact on our lives and everybody else 's lives , is just an attempt to get us to shut up .
Religion is personal and private .
I do n't see why we have to talk about this .
Funny .
The same thing was said about gay people , and gay sexuality , when the gay rights movement was becoming visible .
It was meant to shut up gay people , the exact same way it 's meant to shut up atheists .
And I 'll say pretty much what LGBT people have been saying on this topic :
Religious believers have been parading their beliefs in public for millennia .
It is the height of hypocrisy for religious believers to ask atheists -- now that we 're finally getting some traction -- to keep our lack of belief private .
It 's just an attempt to get us to shut up .
Atheists are so superior .
They act like they 're so much smarter than believers , and they think they 're right about everything .
Right .
Unlike anybody else who 's making a case .
When it comes to the question of whether or not God exists ... yes , atheists think we 're right .
We do n't think we can prove our case with 100 % certainty -- you almost never can about any case , especially when you 'd need prove a negative to do so .
But we think both evidence and logic are overwhelmingly in our favor , and we think we can made a pretty darned good case for our side .
And making a case is not the same as thinking you 're superior .
There 's a huge difference between thinking you 're better than people you disagree with ... and thinking that , on one particular issue , you 're correct , and people who disagree are mistaken .
Thinking you 're right , and trying to convince people you 're right ... that 's not arrogance .
That 's the marketplace of ideas .
You know what ?
If I 'm not right ?
Prove me wrong .
I 'll let you in on a not - so- secret secret :
Every time I see an argument for religion , for just a microsecond , I wonder if it 's right .
I wonder , " Could this be the argument that 'll convince me ? "
It never is -- in fact , those microseconds are getting shorter and shorter , as I 've now seen about eighty thousand arguments for God , all of which suck -- but I always wonder .
I 'm open to the possibility that I might be wrong .
I just do n't think I am .
To accuse atheists of acting superior for speaking out and making our case ... that 's just a way of trying to stop us from speaking out and making our case .
It 's just an attempt to get us to shut up .
Atheists are so whiny .
Yes .
It 's so whiny of us to speak out about our opinions and experiences .
It 's so whiny of us to speak out about the terrible harm and oppression that religious believers inflict on one another , and have been for thousands of years .
And it 's so whiny of us to speak out when we 're discriminated against , or when people spread hateful and deceitful lies about us .
Do I even need to explain why this one is a " Shut up , that 's why ? " argument ?
I 'm so tired of hearing about atheism .
Ca n't you give it a rest ?
You know , it 's not like we 're standing outside your door at 3 a.m. with bullhorns .
You can read other blog articles .
Change the station on your radio or TV .
Flip to another page in your newspaper or magazine .
Browse in another section of the bookstore .
And you know what ?
I 'm sick of hearing about religion .
I 've been getting religion shoved down my throat for as long as I can remember .
That has n't stopped anybody from talking about it .
And it should n't .
People should talk about the things that they care about .
Believers do .
Why should n't atheists ?
This is " Shut up , that 's why " in its purest , most direct form .
( Apart from actually killing people or putting them in jail , of course . )
And finally , the most frustrating " Shut up , that 's why " argument of them all :
Ca n't we just get along ?
Ca n't we agree to disagree ?
Neither of us can prove our side with 100 % certainty , so there 's no point in even having this discussion .
Ca n't we just live and let live ?
This is a tough one ... since it makes the believer seem reasonable and tolerant and nice , and the atheist seem like a churlish jerk .
I mean , what are atheists supposed to say ?
" No , we ca n't just agree to disagree " ?
" No , we ca n't just live and let live " ?
" No , we ca n't just drop it -- we 're going to keep picking this fight every chance we get " ?
But there are two enormous problems with this sweet , tolerant , almost certainly well - intentioned version of " Shut up , that 's why . "
The first and most obvious problem is :
We are not being left alone .
We are not being let to live .
( Allowed to live ?
Left to live ?
Boy , " live and let live " is a hard phrase to recast . )
Religious believers everywhere are treating atheists like dirt .
And they 're treating other believers like dirt .
If you 're not personally doing that , then good for you ... but is that really reason enough for us to stop speaking out against bigotry against us ?
Do you really think the hard - core atheist - hating fundies are going to suddenly become sweet and nice if only the atheists would back off ?
If the only religion in the world were tolerant , ecumenical , understanding , and supportive of the notion that people with different beliefs can be good people ...
I think most atheists would n't care very much about it .
But that 's not the world we live in .
At the risk of sounding like a third - grader :
You started it .
Second -- more subtly , but in my mind equally important :
The idea that it 's bad to criticize or question religion is , in the atheist view , one of the most pernicious pieces of armor that religion has mounted against legitimate criticism .
Again , atheists see religion as just another hypothesis about how the world works and why it is the way it is .
We do n't see any reason not to ask hard questions about it .
In a free society , we all get to ask hard questions about scientific theories , political opinions , public policies .
Hell , we ask hard questions about restaurants and dog breeding and reality show contestants .
Why should religion be different ?
In the marketplace of ideas , why should religion get to drive its wares to the market in an armored car ?
And sell those wares behind a curtain ?
And insist that people stay politely quiet when the teakettles they bought at the religion booth do n't hold water ?
For centuries , indeed for millennia , people have only been allowed to see things one way : God 's way .
( Okay , thousands of ways , and thousands of gods ... but you know what I mean . )
For centuries , indeed for millennia , religion has been the only game in town .
And now that another option is appearing on the table , now that serious questions are being asked about both its usefulness and its plausibility ... now you want people to stop arguing and just let each other believe what they believe ?
So I guess my reply to " Ca n't we all just get along " is : Ca n't we just have a conversation ?
Ca n't we talk about religion as if it were any other political opinion / moral philosophy / hypothesis about how the world works ?
Religion is a widely - held belief system with far - reaching effects -- ca n't we have a conversation about whether that belief system is plausible ?
If you do n't want to participate in that conversation , fine .
But why are you trying to stop other people from having it ?
No , do n't tell me .
I know the answer to that question .
Shut up .
That 's why .
For more on the " shut up , that 's why " arguments , read this follow - up , Curiosity and the " Shut Up , That 's Why " Argument .
Developmental dyscalculia is generally defined as a disorder in mathematical abilities presumed to be due to a specific impairment in brain function [ 1 , 2 ] .
Developmental dyscalculia is supposed to be a unique deficit that is not caused by a reading disorder ( dyslexia ) , attentional disorder ( ADHD / ADD - attention - deficit disorder ) or general intelligence ( IQ ) problems .
The present study aims to examine attention in developmental dyscalculia by employing a recently designed test of three attentional networks and their interactions [ 3 ] .
Characteristics of developmental dyscalculia :
Does developmental dyscalculia involve domain - general or domain - specific deficits ?
Children with developmental dyscalculia fail in a wide range of numerical tasks .
For example , they present difficulties in retrieval of arithmetical facts [ 4–8 ] , in using arithmetical procedures [ e.g. , [ 7 ] ] , and in solving arithmetical operations in general [ 9 ] .
Recently , studies on developmental dyscalculia concentrated on basic numerical processing and found those with developmental dyscalculia exhibited an atypical effect ; size congruency [ 10 , 11 ] magnitude comparisons [ 5 , 12 ] and subitizing [ 13 ] .
Neuro - functional studies indicate that mathematical difficulties involve abnormalities in the structure or the activity of the parietal lobes , mostly the intraparietal sulcus .
A focused infarct to the left intraparietal sulcus could produce primary acalculia [ 14 ] .
Isaacs and co-workers [ 15 ] found reduction in gray matter in the left intraparietal sulcus in children born preterm who suffered from calculation deficits .
A structural and functional abnormality in the right intraparietal sulcus was found in women with Turner syndrome who had dyscalculia [ 16 ] .
Recent work by Price and co-workers [ 17 ] examined the activity in the brains of those with developmental dyscalculia and discovered reduced activity in the right intraparietal sulcus during non-symbolic magnitude processing .
Finally , Cohen Kadosh and co-workers [ 18 ] showed that TMS ( transcranial magnetic stimulation ) to the right intraparietal sulcus in normal control participants induced a dyscalculia - like pattern .
Accordingly , one line of thinking is that developmental dyscalculia is a domain - specific ( pure ) disorder that involves only deficits in basic numerical processing and is related to one biological marker ( i.e. , a deficit in the intraparietal sulcus ) [ e.g. , see [ 19 ] ] .
Alternatively , some refer to deficits in arithmetic as a domain - general phenomenon .
One of the main deficits in developmental dyscalculia is a difficulty in retrieval of arithmetical facts [ e.g. , see [ 4 –8 ] ] .
It has been suggested that this difficulty is more related to deficits in attention , working memory or long - term memory than to deficits in conceptual knowledge of arithmetic [ e.g. , see [ 20 ] ] .
In addition , there are indications that mathematical abilities are directly related to general abilities such as executive functions [ e.g. , [ 21 ] ] and verbal or visuo - spatial working memory [ e.g. , [ 22 ] ] .
Finally , there are indications that the developmental course of the numerical distance effect is domain - general rather than domain - specific [ see [ 23 ] ] .
Moreover , it has been suggested that mathematical learning difficulties are characterized by heterogeneity in symptoms and possibly in deficient mechanisms [ 24 ] .
Karmiloff - Smith [ 25 ] suggested that developmental disorders characterized by a domain - specific end state can stem from a domain - general starting point .
In addition , she suggested that neuropsychological dissociation studies of brain injuries and stroke patients that have dramatically influenced cognitive research may not apply to developmental disorders such as developmental dyscalculia .
First , the basis of developmental disorders is believed to be genetic and one could not expect a one - to - one correlation between genes and specific cognitive functions ( such as a deficit in processing of quantities in developmental dyscalculia ) .
Second , there are compensation mechanisms that operate throughout development and change the observed deficits during adolescence .
Third , some of the tests employed in the screening process of research participants ( e.g. , screening for attentional deficits in developmental dyscalculia ) are not sensitive enough to reveal deficits in the " preserved " domain .
Hence , it is possible that an abnormal expression of genes affects multiple aspects of development with the strongest effect being on one specific aspect .
In the case of developmental dyscalculia , this could be core numerical processing .
The present study investigates attention , in a group of those with " pure " developmental dyscalculia .
Namely , the participants have no indication of deficits in commonly used tests of attention and reading , and have a normal level of intelligence .
We focus on attention because the intraparietal sulcus , involved in number processing and possibly which is abnormal in those with developmental dyscalculia , has a critical role in orienting of attention [ see [ 26 ] ] .
Moreover , several researchers have suggested that some of the difficulties in developmental dyscalculia may be related to attention [ e.g. , see [ 20 ] ] .
The next section discusses possible abnormalities in attention in the developmental dyscalculia population .
Attention and developmental dyscalculia
Shalev and co-workers [ 27 ] found that children diagnosed as having developmental dyscalculia had a higher mean score on an attentional problem subscale than matched controls .
A similar pattern of results was found in Lindsay et al .'s [ 28 ] study -- the developmental dyscalculia group in their study presented more commission and omission errors compared to the controls in the Conners ' Computerized Continuous Performance Test ( CPT ) .
In addition , many deficits that characterize developmental dyscalculia can be connected to deficits in recruiting attention .
Rubinsten and Henik [ 10 , 11 ] examined developmental dyscalculia participants using the numerical Stroop task and discovered a lack of facilitation .
They concluded that the ability to connect Arabic numerals to internal magnitudes is damaged in those with developmental dyscalculia .
However , deficits in the executive functions network in the developmental dyscalculia population can also influence performance in the numerical Stroop task .
In Stroop and Stroop - like tasks , a multi-dimensional object is presented and participants have to attend to one dimension while ignoring other dimensions .
Performance in these tasks is considered to be based , among other things , on selective attention abilities and on executive functions , examined frequently in conflict situations [ e.g. , [ 29 , 30 ] ] .
Moreover , the anterior cingulate cortex is considered to be involved in conflict monitoring [ e.g. , [ 31 ] ] .
In a study by Kaufmann et al . [ 32 ] , activity in the anterior cingulate cortex was discovered during the numerical Stroop task .
In addition , we recently found that normal participants presented a developmental dyscalculia - like pattern in the numerical Stroop task under a condition of attentional load , namely , they showed a lack of facilitation [ 33 ] .
Those with developmental dyscalculia have a smaller subitizing range [ 13 ] .
Subitizing is a fast and accurate evaluation of a small set of objects [ 13 ] .
However , it was recently suggested that subitizing may be modulated by attention .
A recent study by Railo and co-workers [ 34 ] examined the role of attention in the subitizing process and discovered that when attention is limited , the subitizing range decreases to 2 dots .
In addition , attentional training increases the subitizing range [ 35 ] .
Several studies directly proposed that those with developmental dyscalculia suffer from deficits in executive functions [ e.g. , [ 36 , 37 ] ] or in working memory [ e.g. , [ 13 , 21 , 38 ] ] .
In contrast , Censabella and Noël [ 39 ] found no evidence for deficient executive functioning in mathematically disabled ( MD ) children .
They used the Stroop and the flanker tasks to examine the inhibition ability in MD children and matched controls .
The ability to inhibit irrelevant information is considered to be part of the executive function network .
Their results indicated that MD children showed normal performance on these tasks .
No group differences were found in their study .
Some of the studies that were described above did not differentiate between pure developmental dyscalculia and the co-morbidity between developmental dyscalculia and ADHD [ e.g. , [ 13 , 28 , 36 , 38 , 40 ] ] , thus it is not clear whether the attentional difficulties in those with developmental dyscalculia are part and parcel of their dyscalculia or of the co-morbid deficit ( i.e. , ADHD ) .
To this end , it is important to exclude participants with co-morbidity between ADHD and developmental dyscalculia [ e.g. , [ 10 , 11 ] ] .
The present study explores attentional deficits in developmental dyscalculia by studying developmental dyscalculia participants not suffering from ADHD .
Three brain networks of attention
Early discussions defined attention as a cognitive process that selectively concentrates on one aspect of the environment while ignoring other aspects .
This early definition viewed attention as one system .
More recent works differentiated between several networks of attention .
For example , Posner and Petersen [ 41 ] and later Posner and others [ 42 – 46 ] defined three separate networks of attention in the brain , which differ from one another in brain locations and functions .
These networks carry out the functions of alerting , orienting , and executive control .
The alerting network is related to the awakeness state .
Its role is to activate and preserve attention .
Brain tissue involved in this network includes frontal and parietal regions of the right hemisphere .
The alerting network is based on the distribution of the brain norepinephrine system [ 47 , 48 ] .
The orienting network is involved in moving attention to a specific location in space .
Attention can be shifted by moving the eyes , head or body position or without changing position [ 49 ] .
The function of the orienting network can be stimulus - driven ( exogenous , automatic , or bottom - up ) and goal - directed ( endogenous , voluntary , or top - down ) .
The orienting network involves the superior parietal lobes , in particular , the intraparietal sulcus [ 26 ] .
The parietal lobes are involved in suppression of old attended locations and in voluntary movement of attention to new locations [ e.g. , see [ 50 , 51 ] ] .
In addition , other brain areas are considered to be involved in the orienting system , that is , the superior colliculus [ 52 ] and the thalamus [ 53 ] .
The executive control of attention is the third system and is involved in conflict situations .
Commonly , the Stroop and the flanker tasks are employed to study this system .
The frontal lobe , mostly the midline frontal areas ( anterior cingulate cortex ) and the lateral prefrontal cortex [ 30 , 54 ] subserve the executive system .
It has been suggested that the midline areas ( i.e. , anterior cingulate cortex ) are responsible for conflict monitoring and the lateral areas ( i.e. , lateral prefrontal cortex ) are responsible for inhibition of irrelevant responses and maintaining task requirements [ 55 , 56 ] .
In 2002 , Fan et al. created a general test for the three attention systems -- the Attention Network Test ( ANT ) .
The basic assumption of the ANT is that the three attentional networks are isolable .
In contrast with this claim , Callejas et al . [ 3 ] reported an interaction between the three attentional networks and created a new test , the ANT - I , which examines the three systems and their interactions ( see appendix 1 ) .
Several populations have already been tested with the ANT ( e.g. , children [ 57 ] , borderline disorder [ 58 ] ; ADHD [ 59 ] ) .
Rueda et al . [ 57 ] examined children aged 6 to 10 years old and compared their performance in the 3 attentional networks .
Alertness was fully developed by the age of 10 , the executive functions network was fully developed by the age of 7 , and the orienting network was found not to be modulated by age .
Booth et al . [ 59 ] examined participants with ADHD using the ANT test .
They reported that only the alertness network of ADHD participants presented an abnormal pattern of performance .
In addition , they revealed that subtypes of ADHD presented different patterns of abnormal performances : the ADHD of the combined subtype ( ADHD/C ) showed a smaller alerting effect compared to typically developing children , whereas the inattentive subtype ( ADHD / IA ) showed a larger alerting effect compared to typically developing children , that is , a greater benefit from the high alerting state compared to controls .
The present study
Very little is known about attention deficits in developmental dyscalculia , hence , this study was designed to provide the missing information .
Most of the studies see developmental dyscalculia as a pure disorder that does not involve deficits in attention .
In the present study we would like to suggest that even in " pure " developmental dyscalculia one can observe abnormalities in attention .
We examined attention abilities of participants suffering from developmental dyscalculia using the ANT - I test [ 3 ] .
The ANT - I test examines executive function by using a variation of the flanker task [ 60 ] .
In the flanker task the participants have to attend to one object while ignoring other objects .
In the version that was used in the present study , participants were asked to respond to a central target and ignore flanking distractors .
It is hard to determine whether this network would be damaged in developmental dyscalculia participants because the evidence provided by the literature is inconsistent .
Orienting of attention is tested by using spatial cueing .
Based on earlier findings [ e.g. , [ 15 – 17 ] ] , we hypothesized that developmental dyscalculia participants would present an abnormal pattern of attentional orienting .
Alertness was tested by the presentation of a tone at the beginning of a trial .
The intraparietal sulcus is considered to be involved both in the orienting network and in the alertness network .
Due to the anatomical proximity of the alertness network and the orienting network , similar to our prediction about the orienting system , we hypothesized that developmental dyscalculia participants would present abnormal alerting as well .
This post will talk about financial , real - life problems .
If you do n’t feel like knowing about my personal financial and work situation , feel free to skip this .
I say this , because some people complained before that I make it know too often that I do n’t get paid for most of my Gentoo - related work .
Not sure , maybe they feel at unease because of that .
At any rate , this is not conditioning my contributions , most of the time .
While I like working on Free Software and think it ’s great if I were to do that just as a pass - time like I used to do five or six years ago , I would n’t go much far .
Time passed , I grew older , and life got complicated .
I do n’t have a rent to pay ( for now — fortunately ) , but I ’m living alone with my ( unemployed ) mother since last autumn .
Electricity , connectivity , water , LPG , taxes … at the end of the day , I do n’t have any more the liberty of turning down many offers .
( On the other hand , I had to turn down a few because I was already quite fully booked ) .
But at least I try my best to develop Free Software when I ’m working : thanks to the fact that there is space to choose licenses , sometimes I even can write new Free Software while doing my job .
Although this often requires some trickery that is not too obvious when you start the kind of freelancing / consulting work I ’ve been doing the past two / three years .
The first obvious way to make money during development is improving the Free Software that is used as part of the infrastructure by the software you ’re writing .
This might end up getting apparent in spite of various NDAs you might have signed , so it has to be vouched carefully , but in general it ’s the kind of information that you know you ’ll just show the world .
If somebody is following my commits to the tree lately can probably tell something ’s up , with me picking up two tied packages on areas that I do n’t usually follow that much .
And from that you can see that there ’s a better pam_pgsql out there which was needed for my task to go on .
Similarly , whenever I used Gentoo for something work - related , I ended up trying to get in the tree all the modification and improvements needed ; gdbserver was one of the packages I needed to complete a past project , and it ’s now in the tree for everyone to use .
it ’s not a bad thing .
At the same time , you can count in the presence of Rudy in the tree , and thus the fixes for its dependencies that I keep sending upstream .
But there are more “ subtle ” ways to work on Free Software while doing paid work , and that is to divide the problem you ’re working on in separate functions ; all that concerns business logic will most likely have to be kept proprietary , at least with most customers , but at the same time , the smaller , general problems that do n’t include any business logic in them may be left out of the secrecy .
I actually find this a generally good approach for many reasons : you may get code improvements if someone else needs to solve similar problems and decide to use your codebase ; or you might get better security reviews ( let ’s be honest , security issues will appear in your software , whether it ’s open - or closed - source ; but if it ’s open , they are more likely to come in sooner ; and sooner might mean your deployment is still limited enough you can cover your bases with upgrades without spending a fortune , or bothering your users ) .
Of course to be able to split your problem into open - source subprojects , you also have to make it very clear that the business logic of your customer is not at risk .
This means that you have to carefully choose the license to use ( and in these cases , GPL is rarely an option , unless you work at an arm ’s length ) , and at the same time you have to make sure that the terms are clear to the customer .
Telling them “ I used this , so you should follow these general terms ” is rarely going to help you convince them to use more Free Software when possible , and contribute back to it ; it ’s actually going to make them wish not to respect the license and just not do anything .
Having clear statements about what they have to publish , for GPL and similar licenses is the best way to accomplish that .
And there is another thing you have to learn , and especially teach your customers : the advantage of upstreaming changes .
This is something that is generally well - understood by distribution developers , packagers , and all those developers using others ’ code but not developing it directly , but most of the time , corporate , proprietary - oriented customers wo n’t understand the importance of it .
If you have to customize some software to suit your need better , whether or not you ’re obligated to publish your changes should really have little bearing in whether you should send them upstream or not .
Even if the license is very permissive and wo n’t require you to publish change , you really should send them upstream .
Why ?
Because sooner or later you ’re going to have to update your software .
Even when software update is not that welcome a task , because obviously the fewer changes , the less risk of bugs , there are situations where upgrades are inevitable .
New architectures , new hardware revisions , new required functionalities , security issues .
All these problems might require you to update your software .
And when you update software that you customised , then the trouble starts .
If your customisations are simply hacks , piled up over and over again , you ’re going to have to make some sense out of the hacks , and apply them again over the new codebase , praying that they ’ll apply cleanly , or work at all .
If you sent your changes upstream , or at least sent a request for he feature you pushed in , there are chances that either the code is already there ( and might require just little tweaking ) or at least that someone else kept the patches up - to - date .
Obviously , this is very low - scale ; there are entire projects with consultancy companies behind them to offer support , customisation and all the frills needed ; on the other hand this is what I do for a living myself , most of the time .
So please , do n’t mess up expecting that all Free Software work is done by volunteers , or that it ’s never paid for .
Nor try to defend messy code with “ nobody was paid to do that ” … when you pay people to write code , most of the time , they will not make it nice ; they ’ll most likely try to cut as many corners as possible .
Unless , of course , readability and properness is a requirement ( which rarely is ) .
fan page for Osama Bin Laden has been shut down today , after 1000 " fans " signed up to watch posts linking to speeches and recordings of the Islamic extremist .
The page went up in late March , and refers to bin Laden as the " Prince of Mujahideen .
"
Although it is unclear who started the page , Facebook says they doubt there is any direct link , and the page was likely put up by supporters in the Middle East .
Adds the social networking site : Spokesman Andrew Noyes says the company has access to the IP addresses and email addresses used by a profile or a group .
Noyes adds ,
Yep , that 's a 911 GT3 RS , complete with factory - installed roll bar , a wailing flat six , a ten - year - old driver drifting it like a champ , and ... wait , what ?!?
Meet Seppi Wörle .
Seppi likes Playstation , driving his Smart ForTwo in places where it is presumably legal to do such things , and hauling ass in borrowed $ 100,000 Porsches .
His brother , Schorschi , seems to be a better driver , but then , we 'd expect that — he 's 14 .
Advertisement
Schorschi and Seppi spend a lot of their time helping out at the family business .
The family business is the Porsche Zentrum 5 - Seen .
' Nuff said .
( Note : The video is in German , but that does n't stop it from being mesmerizing . )
[ Axis of Oversteer ]
The New Jersey cities of Trenton , Jersey City , Newark , and Camden are set to receive a total of $ 2.3 million dollars from the US Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) to help them assess and clean up contaminated and abandoned sites .
The funding will be channeled through the EPA 's Brownfields Program .
The clean up projects will help revitalize commercial and industrial properties by removing the toxic pollution that has hindered their redevelopment .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
A brownfield site , or brownfield as it is commonly called , is a piece of land that was formerly used for industrial or commercial purposes , but is now abandoned or underused .
Brownfield sites are perceived to be contaminated with low concentrations of hazardous waste , but have the potential to contain high concentrations of such waste .
The pollutants are usually petroleum products often leaked from underground storage tanks or buried drums , but may include a number of toxic chemicals and organic compounds .
The Brownfields Program has been in existence since the EPA designated its first brownfield site in 1993 in Cuyahoga County in Ohio .
Brownfields hold a special status because even though they are contaminated , they are not quite so bad to be included on the EPA 's National Priorities List , otherwise known as Superfund .
The Brownfields Program does have a number of benefits including the following .
- Projects have gained $ 18.68 per EPA dollar spent
- Projects have leveraged over 61,000 jobs nationwide
- Projects can increase nearby residential property values 2 to 3 percent when completed
- Projects can assist in area - wide planning and revitalize neighborhoods
- Projects take development pressure off open space by opening up abandoned urban sites
" The EPA brownfields grants will help revitalize parts of Trenton , Jersey City , Newark and Camden from both an environmental and economic development perspective , " said Judith Enck , Regional Administrator .
" Not only will these cleanups protect the health of area residents , they will provide opportunities for development projects that benefit communities , produce jobs , and improve the quality of peopleâ€™s lives . "
This funding is possible through the Small Business Liability Relief and Brownfields Revitalization Act passed by Congress in 2002 .
The law mandates the EPA to provide financial assistance to applicants through four competitive grant programs : assessment , revolving loan fund , cleanup , and job training .
There are an estimated 450,000 brownfield sites in America , and this law hopes to make a dent in that number .
The following cities have received brownfield grants in New Jersey .
Trenton
The New Jersey capital city will receive $ 500,000 in grants to clean up brownfields .
Of the total , $ 400,000 will be designated for the clean up of the Anthony Storcella property at 21 Nottingham Way and the Greg Grant site at 927-939 East State Street and Freeman Lane .
The Storcella site was used for textile and rubber manufacturing , coal distribution , and machine shop activities .
Contaminants at the site include carcinogenic organic compounds called PCBs and toxic metals .
The Grant site used to be an automobile storage garage , laundry , and dry cleaning facility , and is contaminated with hydrocarbons known as PAHs and toxic metals .
Once the projects are completed , the city of Trenton plans to transform the Storcella site to a farmer 's market which is expected to create jobs , provide fresh produce , and encourage investment in the neighborhood .
The Grant site will be redeveloped into 20 new units of affordable housing .
Jersey City
The Jersey City Redevelopment Agency will receive $ 600,000 in grants , of which $ 400,000 will go to the clean up of two properties located on Garfield Avenue .
They were junkyards at one point and are now contaminated with PAHs and toxic metals .
The other $ 200,000 will be used to clean up a former gas station also on Garfield Avenue .
Newark
The state 's largest city is set to receive $ 600,000 for three brownfield sites .
Two sites are part of the former Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company site on McCarter Highway .
Contaminants include solvents and volatile organic compounds ( VOCs ) which can cause a number of serious health issues .
At one of these sites , ten underground storage tanks are to be removed , while the other will have ground water wells installed to better understand the contamination .
The third site to receive funds is the former Synfax Manufacturing facility on Avenue P , a former dump contaminated with PCBs , solvents , and other VOCs .
Camden
Camden , one of the state 's former industrial powerhouses , will be receiving $ 600,000 through the Camden Redevelopment Agency for the cleanup of three sites within the ABC Barrel facility at North Front Street , North Second Street , and Penn Street in the Cooper Grant neighborhood .
The facility was a former wool mill , steam laundry , and drum refurbishing facility , now contaminated with VOCs and toxic metals .
Once the projects are completed , the city of Camden plans to build 10 new homes as part of a larger residential project that would also include open space for park and recreational use .
---
The funding for the cleanups at these sites is just the newest addition to a much larger national effort to address abandoned and contaminated sites .
Since the Brownfield Program began , the EPA has awarded over 2,619 grants at a total of $ 787 million .
The current EPA Administrator , Lisa Jackson , has increased the programâ€™s 2011 budget of $ 215 million which is to be focused on planning , cleanup , job training , and redevelopment .
Brownfield remediation in Trenton , Jersey City , Newark , and Camden will provide benefits to the cities , both environmental and economic .
For further information : Brownfields and Land Revitalization - US EPA
For further information : US EPA Press Release
The US government 's $ 1bn ( £ 650 m ) fraud prosecution of Goldman Sachs has spurred calls for a wholesale crackdown on the opaque world of derivatives trading , with pressure mounting on the White House to deliver reforms forcing greater transparency in highly complex financial products .
President Barack Obama is engaged in a battle with Senate Republicans over an overhaul of financial regulation and has vowed to veto any bill that does not contain strong enough controls on derivatives .
The US government will face demands this week to use its 27 % stake in Citigroup as a lever to extract more public information about trading .
Citigroup 's annual meeting will be held on Tuesday , and a shareholder group has urged the US treasury to vote its shares in favour of a resolution requiring greater disclosure from the bank on its collateral policy and speculative activities .
The Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility said that an " extraordinary opportunity " was being offered to send a message to Wall Street that " more derivatives disclosure is vital " .
Alarm over misbehaviour in the derivatives sphere has been fuelled by a lawsuit taken out by the securities and exchange commission ( SEC ) against Goldman , which accuses the bank of colluding with a hedge fund , Paulson & Co , to stuff a mortgage - backed security package with specially selected , doomed home loans .
While investors including Royal Bank of Scotland lost more than $ 1bn , the deal led to huge profits at Paulson & Co , which took a " short " position , betting on the transaction 's failure .
Both Goldman and Paulson & Co deny the allegations .
Analysts say that the case against Goldman could be the tip of an iceberg .
A Dutch bank , Rabobank , accused Merrill Lynch over the weekend of a similar misdemeanour , claiming that Merrill marketed a collateralised debt obligation ( CDO ) while omitting to mention its relationship with a hedge fund betting against the product 's success , resulting in a loss of $ 45 m .
Merrill called the allegation " unfounded " .
Merrill , Citigroup and Deutsche Bank were the top three writers of mortgage - related CDOs in 2006 and 2007 .
All three banks saw their stock drop by more than 5 % when the SEC announced charges against Goldman on Friday .
The US treasury secretary , Timothy Geithner , expressed optimism on Sunday that an agreement would be reached with congressional Republicans over financial reform : " I believe that we are very close on this . "
Speaking on NBC's Meet the Press show , Geithner said that there had been " catastrophic failures of judgement " by people running top Wall Street banks and that reforms would make them pay : " Then taxpayers will not be on the hook for bailing out these large institutions from their mistakes in the future . "
Oversight on derivatives trading has been a contentious topic for years .
Advocates of light - touch regulation argue that the investors involved are sophisticated institutions that are savvy about the risks they are taking .
But the former US president Bill Clinton today expressed regret for listening to such sentiments .
He said that he should not have listened to the former treasury secretaries Robert Rubin and Larry Summers , both of whom opposed tight protection when derivatives were gaining popularity during the 1990s .
" I think they were wrong and I think I was wrong to take [ their advice ] because the argument on derivatives was that these things are expensive and sophisticated and only a handful of investors will buy them , " Clinton said .
The flaw in the argument , he added , was that " sometimes people with a lot of money make stupid decisions and make it without transparency " .
Goldman 's difficulties , which prompted a call from Gordon Brown for a UK inquiry today , are likely to lead to a flurry of lawsuits in the US from those who lost money in the credit crunch .
Paul Geller of the law firm Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd , which represents a union suing Goldman over mortgage losses , said : " Private lawyers are foaming at the mouth . "
Among the casualties from Goldman 's share slump on Friday was the billionaire stockpicker Warren Buffett , who saw his warrants in Goldman drop in value by just over $ 1bn .
Pressure on Wall Street banks to allow a clearer picture of the scope and complexity of derivatives trading has come from church groups and unions , which have taken a stronger line on reform than Democrat senators .
Unions have blamed lobbying by the banks for legislators ' reluctance to take a tough line .
Republicans , hopeful of a backlash against healthcare reform in November congressional elections , now fear they will be punished for blocking calls for financial reform .
Meanwhile , the London - based Goldman banker Fabrice Tourre , accused by the SEC of being the mastermind behind the firm 's alleged fraud , is becoming a cult figure .
Several fan pages have been established to Tourre on Facebook , and for a time on Friday his name was the second - hottest search term on Google .
So far , Tourre 's only public comment was in response to a phone call from a Bloomberg reporter , to whom he replied : " I need to jump .
Thank you , goodbye . "
• This article has been amended .
The currency conversion from $ 1bn should have read £ 650 m .
Il y a un peu plus d’une semaine Tristan Nitot évoquait sur son blog une « magnifique interview » du juriste Eben Moglen par le journaliste Glyn Moody ( que nous connaissons bien sûr le Framablog , preuve en est qu’ils ont l’honneur de tags dédiés : Moglen et Moody ) .
C’est la traduction de l’intégralité de cette interview que nous vous proposons ci-dessous .
Pourquoi Nitot était - il si enthousiaste ?
Parce qu’il est légitime de s’inquiéter chaque jour davantage du devenir de nos données personnelles captées par des Facebook et des Google .
Mais la critique récurrente sans possibilités d’alternatives pousse au découragement .
Or , poursuit - il , cette interview propose « une ébauche de solution technique qui pourrait bien signer la fin du Minitel 2.0 ».
Eben Moglen y explique « comment des petits ordinateurs comme le Sheevaplug ( cf photo ci-contre ) ou le Linutop 2 pourraient bien changer la donne en permettant la construction d’un réseau social distribué ( ou a - centré ) dont chacun pourrait contrôler un bout et surtout contrôler son niveau de participation ».
Et Tristan de conclure de manière cinglante : « l’identité en ligne , la liste de nos relations , les archives de nos messages échangés sont bien trop précieuses pour être confiées à quelconque organisation privée , quelle qu’elle soit » .
La décennie « Microsoft » qui s’achève nous aura vu essayer , avec plus ou moins de succès , d’empêcher le contrôle de nos ordinateurs personnels , en y substituant du logiciel propriétaire par du logiciel libre .
La décennie « Google » qui s’annonce risque fort d’être celle des tentatives pour empêcher le contrôle d’Internet , en ne laissant plus nos données personnelles sur des serveurs privés mais sur nos propres serveurs personnels .
Remarque : à propos d’Eben Moglen , nous vous rappelons l’existence d’une conférence que nous considérons parmi les plus importantes jamais présentées par la communauté du Libre .
Une interview d’Eben Moglen – La liberté contre les données dans le nuage
Interview : Eben Moglen – Freedom vs. The Cloud Log
Eben Moglen interviewé par Glyn Moody – 17 mars 2010 – The H
( Traduction Framalang : Goofy , Simon Descarpentries et Barbidule )
Le logiciel libre a gagné : presque tous les poids lourds du Web les plus en vue comme Google , Facebook et Twitter , fonctionnent grâce à lui .
Mais celui-ci risque aussi de perdre la partie , car ces mêmes services représentent aujourd ’hui une sérieuse menace pour notre liberté , en raison de l’énorme masse d’informations qu’ils détiennent sur nous , et de la surveillance approfondie que cela implique .
Eben Moglen est sûrement mieux placé que quiconque pour savoir quels sont les enjeux .
Il a été le principal conseiller juridique de la Free Software Foundation pendant 13 ans , et il a contribué à plusieurs versions préparatoires de la licence GNU GPL .
Tout en étant professeur de droit à l’école de droit de Columbia , il a été le directeur fondateur du Software Freedom Law Center ( Centre Juridique du Logiciel Libre ) .
Le voici aujourd ’hui avec un projet ambitieux pour nous préserver des entreprises de services en ligne qui , bien que séduisantes , menacent nos libertés .
Il a expliqué ce problème à Glyn Moody , et comment nous pouvons y remédier .
Glyn Moody : Quelle est donc cette menace à laquelle vous faites face ?
Eben Moglen :
Nous sommes face à une sorte de dilemme social qui vient d’une dérive dans la conception de fond .
Nous avions un Internet conçu autour de la notion de parité – des machines sans relation hiérarchique entre elles , et sans garanties quant à leur architectures internes et leur comportements , mises en communication par une série de règles qui permettaient à des réseaux hétérogènes d’être interconnectés sur le principe admis de l’égalité de tous .
Sur le Web , les problèmes de société engendrés par le modèle client - serveur viennent de ce que les serveurs conservent dans leur journaux de connexion ( logs ) les traces de toute activité humaine sur le Web , et que ces journaux peuvent être centralisés sur des serveurs sous contrôle hiérarchisé .
Ces traces deviennent le pouvoir .
À l’exception des moteurs de recherche , que personne ne sait encore décentraliser efficacement , quasiment aucun autre service ne repose vraiment sur un modèle hiérarchisé .
Ils reposent en fait sur le Web – c’est - à - dire le modèle de pair - à- pair non hiérarchisé créé par Tim Berners - Lee , et qui est aujourd ’hui la structure de données dominante dans notre monde .
Les services sont centralisés dans un but commercial .
Le pouvoir des traces est monnayable , parce qu’elles fournissent un moyen de surveillance qui est intéressant autant pour le commerce que pour le contrôle social exercé par les gouvernements .
Si bien que le Web , avec des services fournis suivant une architecture de base client - serveur , devient un outil de surveillance autant qu’un prestataire de services supplémentaires .
Et la surveillance devient le service masqué , caché au cœur de tous les services gratuits .
Le nuage est le nom vernaculaire que nous donnons à une amélioration importante du Web côté serveur – le serveur , décentralisé .
Au lieu d’être une petite boîte d’acier , c’est un périphérique digital qui peut être en train de fonctionner n’importe où .
Ce qui signifie que dans tous les cas , les serveurs cessent d’être soumis à un contrôle légal significatif .
Ils n’opèrent plus d’une manière politiquement orientée , car ils ne sont plus en métal , sujets aux orientations localisées des lois .
Dans un monde de prestation de services virtuels , le serveur qui assure le service , et donc le journal qui provient du service de surveillance induit , peut être transporté sur n’importe quel domaine à n’importe quel moment , et débarrassé de toute obligation légale presque aussi librement .
C’est la pire des conséquences .
GM : Est-ce qu’un autre facteur déclenchant de ce phénomène n’a pas été la monétisation d’Internet , qui a transféré le pouvoir à une entreprise fournissant des services aux consommateurs ?
EM : C’est tout à fait exact .
Le capitalisme a aussi son plan d’architecte , qu’il rechigne à abandonner .
En fait , ce que le réseau impose surtout au capitalisme , c’est de l’obliger à reconsidérer son architecture par un processus social que nous baptisons bien maladroitement dés-intermédiation .
Ce qui correspond vraiment à la description d’un réseau qui contraint le capitalisme à changer son mode de fonctionnement .
Mais les résistances à ce mouvement sont nombreuses , et ce qui nous intéresse tous énormément , je suppose , quand nous voyons l’ascension de Google vers une position prééminente , c’est la façon dont Google se comporte ou non ( les deux à la fois d’ailleurs ) à la manière de Microsoft dans sa phase de croissance .
Ce sont ces sortes de tentations qui s’imposent à vous lorsque vous croissez au point de devenir le plus grand organisme d’un écosystème .
GM : Pensez - vous que le logiciel libre a réagi un peu lentement face au problème que vous soulevez ?
EM : Oui , je crois que c’est vrai .
Je pense que c’est difficile conceptuellement , et dans une large mesure cette difficulté vient de ce que nous vivons un changement de génération .
À la suite d’une conférence que j’ai donnée récemment , une jeune femme s’est approchée et m’a dit : « j’ai 23 ans , et aucun de mes amis ne s’inquiète de la protection de sa vie privée ».
Eh bien voilà un autre paramètre important , n’est - ce pas ?
– parce que nous faisons des logiciels aujourd ’hui en utilisant toute l’énergie et les neurones de gens qui ont grandi dans un monde qui a déjà été touché par tout cela .
Richard et moi pouvons avoir l’air un peu vieux jeu .
GM : Et donc quelle est la solution que vous proposez ?
EM : Si nous avions une classification des services qui soit véritablement défendable intellectuellement , nous nous rendrions compte qu’un grand nombre d’entre eux qui sont aujourd ’hui hautement centralisés , et qui représentent une part importante de la surveillance contenue dans la société vers laquelle nous nous dirigeons , sont en fait des services qui n’exigent pas une centralisation pour être technologiquement viables .
En réalité ils proposent juste le Web dans un nouvel emballage .
Les applications de réseaux sociaux en sont l’exemple le plus flagrant .
Elles s’appuient , dans leurs métaphores élémentaires de fonctionnement , sur une relation bilatérale appelée amitié , et sur ses conséquences multilatérales .
Et elles sont complètement façonnées autour de structures du Web déjà existantes .
Facebook c’est un hébergement
Web gratuit avec des gadgets en php et des APIs , et un espionnage permanent – pas vraiment une offre imbattable .
Voici donc ce que je propose : si nous pouvions désagréger les journaux de connexion , tout en procurant aux gens les mêmes fonctionnalités , nous atteindrions une situation Pareto - supérieure .
Tout le monde – sauf M. Zuckerberg peut - être – s’en porterait mieux , et personne n’en serait victime .
Et nous pouvons le faire en utilisant ce qui existe déjà .
Le meilleur matériel est la SheevaPlug , un serveur ultra-léger , à base de processeur ARM ( basse consommation ) , à brancher sur une prise murale .
Un appareil qui peut être vendu à tous , une fois pour toutes et pour un prix modique ; les gens le ramènent à la maison , le branchent sur une prise électrique , puis sur une prise réseau , et c’est parti .
Il s’installe , se configure via votre navigateur Web , ou n’importe quelle machine disponible au logis , et puis il va chercher toutes les données de vos réseaux sociaux en ligne , et peut fermer vos comptes .
Il fait de lui -même une sauvegarde chiffrée vers les prises de vos amis , si bien que chacun est sécurisé de façon optimale , disposant d’une version protégée de ses données chez ses amis .
Et il se met à faire toutes les opérations que nous estimons nécessaires avec une application de réseau social .
Il lit les flux , il s’occupe du mur sur lequel écrivent vos amis – il rend toutes les fonctionnalités compatibles avec ce dont vous avez l’habitude .
Mais le journal de connexion est chez vous , et dans la société à laquelle j’appartiens au moins , nous avons encore quelques vestiges de règles qui encadrent l’accès au domicile privé : si des gens veulent accéder au journal de connexion ils doivent avoir une commission rogatoire .
En fait , dans chaque société , le domicile privé de quelqu ’un est presque aussi sacré qu’il peut l’être .
Et donc , ce que je propose basiquement , c’est que nous construisions un environnement de réseau social reposant sur les logiciels libres dont nous disposons , qui sont d’ailleurs déjà les logiciels utilisés dans la partie serveur des réseaux sociaux ; et que nous nous équipions d’un appareil qui inclura une distribution libre dont chacun pourra faire tout ce qu’il veut , et du matériel bon marché qui conquerra le monde entier que nous l’utilisions pour ça ou non , parce qu’il a un aspect et des fonctions tout à fait séduisantes pour son prix .
Nous prenons ces deux éléments , nous les associons , et nous offrons aussi un certain nombre d’autres choses qui sont bonnes pour le monde entier .
Par exemple , pouvoir relier automatiquement chaque petit réseau personnel par VPN depuis mon portable où que je sois , ce qui me procurera des proxies chiffrés avec lesquels mes recherches sur le Web ne pourront pas être espionnées .
Cela signifie que nous aurons des masses d’ordinateurs disponibles pour ceux qui vivent en Chine ou dans d’autres endroits du monde qui subissent de mauvaises pratiques .
Ainsi nous pourrons augmenter massivement l’accès à la navigation libre pour tous les autres dans le monde .
Si nous voulons offrir aux gens la possibilité de profiter d’une navigation anonymisée par un routage en oignon , c’est avec ce dispositif que nous le ferons , de telle sorte qu’il y ait une possibilité crédible d’avoir de bonnes performances dans le domaine .
Bien entendu , nous fournirons également aux gens un service de courriels chiffrés – permettant de ne pas mettre leur courrier sur une machine de Google , mais dans leur propre maison , où il sera chiffré , sauvegardé chez tous les amis et ainsi de suite .
D’ailleurs à très long terme nous pourrons commencer à ramener les courriels vers une situation où , sans être un moyen de communication privée , ils cesseront d’être des cartes postales quotidiennes aux services secrets .
Nous voudrions donc aussi frapper un grand coup pour faire avancer de façon significative les libertés fondamentales numériques , ce qui ne se fera pas sans un minimum de technicité .
GM : Comment allez - vous organiser et financer un tel projet , et qui va s’en occuper ?
EM : Avons -nous besoin d’argent ?
Bien sûr , mais de petites sommes .
Avons -nous besoin d’organisation ?
Bien sûr , mais il est possible de s’auto - organiser .
Vais - je aborder ce sujet au DEF CON cet été , à l’Université de Columbia ?
Oui. Est-ce que M. Shuttleworth pourrait le faire s’il le voulait ?
Oui encore .
Ça ne va pas se faire d’un coup de baguette magique , ça se fera de la manière habituelle : quelqu ’un va commencer à triturer une Debian ou une Ubuntu ou une autre distribution , et va écrire du code pour configurer tout ça , y mettre un peu de colle et deux doigts de Python pour que ça tienne ensemble .
D’un point de vue quasi capitaliste , je ne pense pas que ce soit un produit invendable .
En fait , c’est un produit phare , et nous devrions en tout et pour tout y consacrer juste un peu de temps pour la bonne cause jusqu’à ce que soit au point .
GM : Comment allez - vous surmonter les problèmes de masse critique qui font qu’on a du mal à convaincre les gens d’adopter un nouveau service ?
EM : C’est pour cela que la volonté constante de fournir des services de réseaux sociaux interopérables est fondamentale .
Pour le moment , j’ai l’impression que pendant que nous avancerons sur ce projet , il restera obscur un bon moment .
Les gens découvriront ensuite qu’on leur propose la portabilité de leur réseau social .
Les entreprises qui gèrent les réseaux sociaux laissent en friche les possibilités de leurs propres réseaux parce que tout le monde veut passer devant M. Zuckerberg avant qu’il fasse son introduction en bourse .
Et c’est ainsi qu’ils nous rendront service , parce qu’ils rendront de plus en plus facile de réaliser ce que notre boîte devra faire , c’est - à- dire se connecter pour vous , rapatrier toutes vos données personnelles , conserver votre réseau d’amis , et offrir tout ce que les services existants devraient faire .
C’est comme cela en partie que nous inciterons les gens à l’utiliser et que nous approcherons la masse critique .
D’abord , c’est cool .
Ensuite , il y a des gens qui ne veulent pas qu’on espionne leur vie privée .
Et puis il y a ceux qui veulent faire quelque chose à propos de la grande e-muraille de Chine , et qui ne savent pas comment faire .
En d’autres termes , je pense qu’il trouvera sa place dans un marché de niches , comme beaucoup d’autres produits .
GM : Alors que le marché des mobiles est en train de décoller dans les pays émergents , est-ce qu’il ne vaudrait pas mieux demander aux téléphones portables de fournir ces services ?
EM : Sur le long terme , il existe deux endroits où vous pouvez raisonnablement penser stocker votre identité numérique : l ’un est l’endroit où vous vivez , l’autre est dans votre poche .
Et un service qui ne serait pas disponible pour ces deux endroits à la fois n’est probablement pas un dispositif adapté .
A la question « pourquoi ne pas mettre notre serveur d’identité sur notre téléphone mobile ? » , ce que je voudrais répondre c’est que nos mobiles sont très vulnérables .
Dans la plupart des pays du monde , vous interpellez un type dans la rue , vous le mettez en état d’arrestation pour un motif quelconque , vous le conduisez au poste , vous copiez les données de son téléphone portable , vous lui rendez l’appareil , et vous l ’avez eu .
Quand nous aurons pleinement domestiqué cette technologie pour appareils nomades , alors nous pourrons commencer à faire l’inverse de ce que font les opérateurs de réseaux .
Leur activité sur la planète consiste à dévorer de d’Internet , et à excréter du réseau propriétaire .
Ils devront faire l’inverse si la technologie de la téléphonie devient libre .
Nous pourrons dévorer les réseaux propriétaires et essaimer l’Internet public .
Et si nous y parvenons , la lutte d’influence va devenir bien plus intéressante .
Directly in front of me a huge , semi - naked man is kneeling on top of another man , smashing him about the head .
Over and over again .
Sweat flies , blood flows , and the packed crowd watching it with me screams for more .
My stomach churns - in a few days it 'll be my turn .
This is cage fighting , or Mixed Martial Arts ( MMA ) as it's more properly known : a combat sport that embraces several different fighting techniques .
There is a buzz about MMA - partly down to Alex Reid , the sport 's most high - profile figure in the UK , but also to a growing appetite for extreme sports .
Venues as big as Birmingham 's NEC regularly sell out ; cage fighting was the biggest - selling event on pay - per - view TV last year ; top fighters command hundreds of thousands of pounds a fight .
And it does n't stop there : ordinary blokes are now descending on boxing gyms and learning how to become fighters themselves .
A man 's world
A rude introduction : a UCMMA fight at the Troxy , east London .
Photograph : PR
So how would a woman fare in this aggressively macho sport ?
More to the point , how would I , a 5 " 2 , eight - stone woman , cope ?
I went along to a training session with the BanDogs at a spit - and - sawdust gym in south London to find out .
( By way of explanation , I 'm competing in Tough Guy in the summer , a gruelling obstacle course boasting barbed wire , fire and electric fences , and as part of my training I plan to try out all kinds of tough sports - and they do n't get much tougher than MMA ) .
The BanDogs did n't bat an eyelid when I joined in their warm - up , and they were happy to explain any complex moves .
Within seconds I was in the ' sprawl ' position ; in minutes I was pinning a young amateur to the ground ; and by the end of the session a semi- professional fighter submitted as I choked his windpipe between my thighs .
It 's certainly not for the faint - hearted .
The next day I counted seven bruises and one pulled muscle .
And then I arranged another session , this time a one - on - one lesson with Ultimate Challenge 's cage - fighting supremo Dave O'Donnell .
In breaks between slamming him against the cage , hitting him in the face and choking him ( all with his express permission , I should add ) , I grilled him about the glaring lack of female fighters in MMA .
Rachel Dixon practises a submission move .
Photograph : Martin Argles
It 's not for want of trying , he assured me .
" We 're trying to arrange more women 's fights but because the number of fighters is still small it's hard to find matching weights , " he said .
Weight classes were introduced to the sport as part of a raft of measures - including bans on biting , eye - gouging and fish - hooking ( do n't ask ) - to improve safety and dispel the dangerous , no -holds - barred image .
" Even a 5 kg difference in weight makes a massive difference . "
But women 's interest in the sport is growing .
More women are training , and there are a handful of UK professionals , including Rosi Sexton , the world bantamweight No 1 .
Abroad , female fighters have a higher profile , especially in the US , Japan and Brazil .
Pay is lower than for top male fighters , but is rising with their status : last August , a women 's fight headlined an MMA event for the first time .
MMA has a reputation for sexism outside the cage .
At the sell - out live event I attended in east London , I was uncomfortable with the scantily clad ' ring girls ' who led the fighters out .
Proponents claim the women attract new fans to the sport , and while they 're no doubt a draw for some , these seedy sorts of trappings may well deter female participants .
Reservations aside , could I cut it in the intimidating world of MMA ?
According to O'Donnell , I possess the necessary aggression , which is rare .
" If 100 women walk into my gym , only one of them will have what it takes .
If you want me to , I can make you into a cage fighter . "
Tempting … now , where did I put my gum shield ?
Fighting fit
Mark Buchanan takes his fighters through a warm - up .
Photograph : Martin Argles
The multi-disciplinary nature of MMA makes it a uniquely difficult sport .
The image may be of a fight - to - the - death free - for - all , but it is actually incredibly skilful , and successful fighters need to be extremely disciplined with their training .
If you too want to be a MMA hero , or if you just want a body like one , there are no shortcuts .
Aspiring fighter Sam Chinque , 19 , trains three nights a week , lifts weights on the fourth , and gets up at 4 am every day to go running before college .
It 's not an easy route to fame , fortune or even fitness .
" It 's made me work harder to get the things I want in life " , he said .
Tommy Gunn , an undefeated cage fighter turned trainer , told me where to start .
" Three words : cardio , cardio , cardio " , he said .
Excellent cardiovascular fitness is mandatory - without it , you 'll never stay the course .
Rounds typically last five minutes with a one - minute break in between .
That 's two agonising minutes longer than a typical round of boxing , although the fight itself is much shorter - generally three or five rounds in total .
So how do you improve your fitness level ?
Running is the most straightforward way .
Mark Buchanan , a cage fighter and instructor at Rooney 's boxing gym in south London , recommends running four miles once a week , as fast as you can .
He also recommends a weekly hill sprints session : find a steep 50 - 60 m hill , sprint up it , and jog back down .
Repeat to exhaustion .
For variety , throw in a circuits session every now and then .
Avoid the treadmill - it 's seen as the cheat 's option .
Instead , go swimming or rowing if you can't face another run .
After endurance , strength will be your most important physical attribute inside the cage .
Perhaps surprisingly , weightlifting is n't a big part of the MMA scene .
The emphasis is very much on ' real - world ' training and controlling your own body .
So to build strength , perform lots of squats , sit-ups and press-ups .
More dynamic exercises include throwing yourself to the ground ( sprawling ) then springing up into a star jump ; leap - frogging a partner then turning and going through their legs ; and dragging yourself along the ground with your arms .
Do n't try this sport if you have intimacy issues ...
Photograph : Martin Argles
While complex machines may be out , basic equipment does feature in MMA training .
Rooney 's gym boasts a hardcore conditioning room that even the fighters are a little afraid of : the ropes , pulleys and heavy objects are more torture chamber than fitness centre .
There are kettle bells that can be used in a variety of ways :
Turkish get - ups , clean - and - jerk , tossing .
Rope climbing , tyre flipping and pounding a tyre with a sledgehammer ( seriously ) are also common practices .
While , as mentioned above , bulking up with heavy weights is frowned upon ( it 's for posers ) , fatiguing your muscles by performing lots of reps with a light dumbbell is acceptable .
Ultimately , the best way to get fighting fit is to , well , fight .
Punchbag and pad work is necessary for honing technique and building fitness , but sparring is essential for fighting experience .
Cage fighters focus on a different discipline each day , so Monday might be boxing , Tuesday Brazilian jiu - jitsu , Wednesday vale tudo , and so on .
In the run-up to a fight , they will train six days a week .
Diet does n't seem to be a key consideration in MMA training - unlike , say , football , with its army of nutritionists .
No doubt this will be addressed as the sport continues to professionalise .
However , food does become a preoccupation when a fighter needs to lose or gain a few kilograms for a fight .
Welterweight Jamaine Facey needed to transform himself into a middleweight at short notice for a recent bout .
" Normally I have to slim down before a fight , but for my last fight I had to put weight on , " he said .
" It was great ; I ate whatever I liked for five weeks .
I stuffed myself with steak - some days I had three steaks on my plate at once . "
Not recommended for those who only manage a weekly boxercise class …
It 's all in the mind
A grand entrance : Jamaine Facey walks out to the cage .
Photograph : PR
Mental preparation is just as important as physical training .
Fighters need to be calm and focused , but able to turn on their aggression as soon as they get in the cage .
O'Donnell said : " Your aggression levels go up in the run-up to the fight .
You can't sleep .
You 're distracted .
You argue . 50 - 60 % of the battle is mental attitude .
You can lose the fight before you get in the cage . "
Facey agrees .
Two weeks before his first fight , he was partying in Thailand with his friends .
He felt no fear about his forthcoming fight .
On the night , he made a grand entrance with his entourage - " my boys " - and swaggered into the cage .
Twenty seconds later , he woke up on his back .
He had been knocked out by his opponent 's first blow .
" It was a good but a hard lesson for me to learn , " he said .
" I was physically fit and ready , but mentally I was nowhere near .
I 'm glad I lost - it changed my mentality .
You need to sweat blood and tears . "
Even after months of mental and physical preparation , the hours before a fight must be incredibly nerve - wracking .
How do the fighters stay calm ?
Everyone 's different , Buchanan told me .
" Some people listen to music , some get grumpy , some go to sleep . "
Many practice visualisation techniques .
Are there any no -nos ?
" No one reads . "
These days , Facey is fully prepared for his fights .
When I watched him at the live event , the swagger was still there , but there was a steely focus , too .
Again , the contest was over almost before it had begun , but this time , it was Facey who delivered the knockout blow : a trademark high kick to the head .
The ringside paramedics rushed to the scene , but his opponent was unharmed .
Dazed and a little embarrassed , perhaps , but otherwise fine .
A change of attitudes
Do violent sports help to channel pent - up aggression ?
Photograph : PR
Cage fighting has a reputation of a dangerous , bloodthirsty spectacle , and while clearly risky - there have been three confirmed fatalities - the sport is now considered by many to be no more dangerous than boxing .
And like boxing , its advocates argue that it promotes discipline and is a good way for young people to channel their aggression .
" Too many young men are walking around full of aggression and anger , " said O'Donnell .
" The whole world is pressurised , and this is a release .
If you had a gym like this [ the Diesel gym in east London ] on every estate , there 'd be a lot less crime . "
Facey has had first - hand experience both of youth crime and the transformative powers of sport .
" I 've known people who have died from gunshots and stabbings , " he said .
Now he devotes three hours a week to running an after - school MMA class for children , under the slogan , ' hands up , guns down ' .
" What you learn here , you leave here " , he said .
" You understand discipline . "
Gunn agrees .
" Our fighters do n't want to go out and fight on the street , " he said , quickly adding : " But if they have to , they can " - just in case you thought MMA was for pussycats .
It is n't .
I 've tried it , and it definitely is n't .
You might have missed it if you were sleeping , but we broke open a huge treasure trove of leaked Dell mobile devices last night , including the high - end Lightning Windows Phone 7 slider and Thunder Android set .
We also got wind of the mid-range Flash and Smoke Android phones , as well as the Looking Glass seven - inch Android tablet , and to round things out we scored more details on the Aero and Streak .
Yeah , it was a hell of a night , but we 've got it all rounded up for you right here , so click on through if you missed anything !
Much has been made in the media of Richard Dawkins ' and Christopher Hitchens ' support for a campaign to have the Pope arrested when he visits the UK .
It irks me that only atheists seem to be asking for accountability .
Is n't child rape usually something that everyone finds upsetting ?
Are we really expected to ignore it simply because it has been perpetrated and systematically concealed by the Catholic Church ?
Is that really how worried we are about offending the religious ?
According to the BBC , human rights lawyers in the UK are preparing charges against Pope Benedict XVI for his alleged cover - up of sexual abuse by Catholic clergy .
It seems like all Dawkins and Hitchens are asking for is that the Pope be treated as any other individual would who was suspected of committing such crimes .
How did this get to become even mildly controversial ?
Are n't we supposed to be treated equally under the law ?
It is telling that the few Catholic leaders who have spoken out have been reprimanded by their church .
Evidently , one must not question the church even when it comes to raping children .
This is n't about atheists trying to stick it to religion ; it is about justice .
What I cannot figure out is why those of us unfettered by religious delusion seem to be alone in calling for accountability .
Is the smoke screen of religion really that thick ?
And yes , I suppose that is a rhetorical question .
It 's taken me a couple of days for me to understand the wet sickness I felt in response to all the post - iPad whining , until it finally came up in a sputtering lump : disgust .
Advertisement
The iPad is n't a threat to anything except the success of inferior products .
And if anything 's dystopian about the future it portends , it 's an American copyright system that 's been out of whack since 1996 .
Mark Pilgrim , a man I do n't know but can easily presume is my technical better many times over if only because he is employed by Google , said this in a piece called " Tinkerer 's Sunset " :
Now , I am aware that you will be able to develop your own programs for the iPad , the same way you can develop for the iPhone today ...
And that 's fine - or at least workable - for the developers of today , because they already know that they 're developers .
But the developers of tomorrow do n't know it yet .
And without the freedom to tinker , some of them never will .
Advertisement
Then , John Naughton , writing for the Guardian :
For the implication of an iPad - crazed world – with its millions of delighted , infatuated users – is that a single US company renowned for control - freakery will have become the gatekeeper to the online world .
The iPad – like the iPhone – is a closed , tightly controlled device : nothing gets on to it that has not been expressly approved by Apple .
We will have arrived at an Orwellian end by Huxleian means .
And be foolish enough to think that we 've attained nirvana .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
This noxious attitude has permeated our tech culture for the last couple of decades , from a half - decade of open - source devotees crying about Microsoft on Slashdot , on toward the last few years of Apple ascendency .
It 's childish .
It 's defeatist .
And it shows a simultaneous fear to actually innovate and improve while spilling gallons of capitulative semen to a fatuous , dystopian cuckold wank - mare .
Stop trembling , start creating
Nerds !
You 're not smarter or better than the people who just want to use your creations for their own purpose .
You want it both ways : to be able to complain about the incompetency of your family when you 're asked to help them work on their computers , but to swing around the half - understood ideas of dead authors when a company actually decides to build a computer that does n't crumble to dust as a matter of course .
Advertisement
You learned to love technology by tinkering ?
That 's great !
Please explain to me how a closed ecosystem like Apple 's will impede a curious child 's ability to explore in the least way .
It 's not 1980 .
It does n't cost a month 's salary to buy a computer .
And as long as it takes code to make programs , there will still be plenty of " real " computers around .
Worse , this inviolate right to tinker you claim , the oh - so - horrible future you 're trying to frighten everyone with literal think - of - the - children fearmongering , is the imagined possibility that future engineers wo n't be able to create their own tools .
Advertisement
Well guess what ?
Only shade - tree tweakers give a flip about creating their own tools .
Most people want to use the quality tools at hand to create something new .
Fix the law
Is the DMCA a travesty ?
Is it bullshit that someone should go to jail for cracking the firmware of a device they own ?
Of course .
Only monsters would allow the curious to go to jail for exploring .
Every song ever recorded , every movie ever filmed — they 're all together less important than a person 's freedom .
Advertisement
But you know what will fix those issues ?
It 's not bitching about how those stupid customers may or may not buy an iPad .
It 's fixing the legal system .
( Or for most of us , myself included , letting the EFF fight those battles for us . )
The number of engineers complaining about Apple 's decisions who are n't using products of other capitalist corporations who thrive in the shadow of patent law and the DMCA approaches zero : Moan away in your Google browsers on Windows running on your copyrighted Intel processors .
You 're really fighting the good fight .
Advertisement
Hilariously , the great open - source hope is Google 's Android , but its best apps are designed — and tightly controlled — by Google , which has used its clout to roll over countless web - based companies in a manner just as Orwellian or Huxleyan or whoever it is we 're invoking now as Apple or Microsoft .
And even with the threat of the DMCA looming , the iPhone has been cracked over and over again .
It 's been a tinkerer 's paradise .
If you want to walk the walk , you can follow Stallman 's lead and do all your computing on a tiny netbook , interfacing with the internet from a text console running emacs .
Let me know how that works out for you .
Be sure to take a picture of yourself using your Lemote Yeeloong next to the biodiesel engine you made on your handforged anvil .
Advertisement
Fix your product
" Now it seems [ Apple is ] doing everything in their power to stop my kids from finding that sense of wonder .
Apple has declared war on the tinkerers of the world , " whimpers Pilgrim .
Grow the fuck up .
Apple has no more " declared war " on your children than Henry Ford declared war on colors besides black .
Advertisement
Apple is selling a product .
They 've chosen to keep it closed for demonstrably reasonable benefits .
And — yes , okay !— several collateral benefits that come from controlling the marketplace that services their products .
But Apple is not the government .
There 's no mandate to buy an Apple product except the call of excellence .
And if you think the average persona on the street does n't recognize both the ups and downs of buying into an Apple ecosystem , you 're eyeing them with the typical nerd myopia , looking down your nose with the same autistic disdain you cultivated in high school .
Turns out the internet you helped build as a sanctuary ended up a great place for normal folk , too .
Advertisement
Consider a path that will truly inspire the coming generations of tinkerers and engineers :
Working your ass off to make a product that competes with Apple on every count that matters — design , ease - of - use , a simple marketplace , customer satisfaction ; you know , everything — and does it with the open - source licenses and values you claim to believe in ; or fight to change the broken copyright laws that demonize the tinkering in the first place .
A spokesman for the Indianapolis Motor Speedway has played down claims that talks are taking place to reinstate a US Grand Prix at the famous venue .
Although Bernie Ecclestone said in Bahrain that a return to Indianapolis was possible , a circuit spokesman told the Indianapolis Business Journal an imminent return was unlikely .
" We continue to have dialogue with Formula One , and we 've long maintained we 're interested in hosting their events . "
A second spokesman , Eric Powell , also told the Indy Star that specific talks are not currently taking place .
" In terms of negotiations , nothing is happening at this time , " he said .
" We would love to have Formula One in Indianapolis .
We feel this is the best venue for Formula One in the United States . "
The last grand prix to be held in Indianapolis was won by Lewis Hamilton in 2007 , two years after Michelin 's withdrawal on safety grounds led to a farcical six - car race .
Latest Version
Stonesense Slate 2.3 :
The Stonesense Content Repository
If stuff 's not working
Spoiler ( click to show / hide )
If you are unable to connect to DF , before doing anything else , try updating to the latest Memory.xml file .
If the application fails to launch ( version 2.1 only ) ( " The application failed to initialize properly ( 0xc0150002 ) " ) , you might be missing some runtimes .
This should really only happen if Windows update has n't run in ages or for any other reason is many years outdated .
You can try downloading the Visual Studio runtimes from Microsoft :
( 2.6MB )
( 2.6MB )
NB !
Some people have noted that the second package works better from this source , put up by McBeer :
( unofficial , but seems to work for
Ubuntu 10.10 problems
In Ubuntu 10.10 ( " Maverick Meerkat " ) by default disables the ability of one program to read the memory of another .
This is will stop Stonesense and any other DF tool from working .
Please see
, before doing anything else , try updating to the latest Memory.xml file .
This is a direct link to the latest version known to be compatible with Stonesense .
Stonesense Slate 2.2 should be DF31.16 compatible .
( " The application failed to initialize properly ( 0xc0150002 ) " ) , you might be missing some runtimes .
This should really only happen if Windows update has n't run in ages or for any other reason is many years outdated .
You can try downloading the Visual Studio runtimes from Microsoft : Microsoft Visual C++ 2005 Redistributable Package ( 2.6MB ) Microsoft Visual C++ 2005 SP1 Redistributable Package ( 2.6MB ) NB !
Some people have noted that the second package works better from this source , put up by McBeer : http://www.easy-share.com/1912193426/vcredist_x86.zip
( unofficial , but seems to work for A LOT of problems )
In Ubuntu 10.10 ( " Maverick Meerkat " ) by default disables the ability of one program to read the memory of another .
This is will stop Stonesense and any other DF tool from working .
Please see this thread for a suggested workaround .
Thank you rmunn for bringing this to our attention .
Spoiler ( click to show / hide ) For version 2.3
* DF31.21 compatible
* Support for multi- threaded rendering
* Support for different grass types
* More animals , chickens , rabbits etc
Spoiler ( click to show / hide ) * Full - map screenshot is currently broken
* Kidnapped children show up where they were snatched .
* Fullscreen mode shows some stability issues .
Stonesense is a third party visualizer that lets you view your Dwarf Fortress world in a classic isometric perspective .
This used to be the official thread for feedback , questions , requests or bug reports .
We are always looking for help on Stonesense , and we are in particular looking for isometric sprite artists .
So if you want to join us in creating the Official Stonesense tileset , let us know by posting in this thread !
Please note however , we must reserve the right to screen contributions .
We do this to preserve a consistent look for the official tileset , hope you understand : ) Stonesense is currently being maintained and distributed as a part of the DFHack package , for more details seeMost recent stand - alone release .
compatible .
The Stonesense Content Repository is where you will find user madeextension packs to improve and customize your Stonesense installation .
And if you 're a modder or artist , this is the place to show people your work !
Stonesense Slate is only compatible with the 2010 versions of DF , that is 31.x .
If you are using an older version of DF , the Granite release is still available changelog : Known issues : Currently Stonesense is being developed by Jonask , Japa , Solifuge and Kaypy .
Busty emo and punk rock babes with huge tits , tattoos and piercings !
Busty emo and punk rock babes with huge tits , tattoos and piercings !
Access 27 exclusive big tit sites for only $ 7.95
Access 14 hot sites focusing on big natural tits and round asses .
One of the classic big tit sites .
All natural busty babes get fucked !
This amazing hardcore site is packed full of high quality big tit porn !
Lil Chica is an 18 year old Latina with braces and amazing natural 32DDD tits on her petite frame .
Immer unverhohlener zeigen rechtsextreme Burschenschafter ihre braune Ideologie : Die “ Arminia Czernowitz ” , jene schlagende Burschenschaft , der auch der Linzer FP - Sicherheitsstadtrat , FP - Chef und “ Bund freier Jugend ” - Freund Detlef Wimmer angehört , veranstaltete am 30 .
April 2010 im Gasthof Lindbauer in Linz einen Vortrag mit dem Rechtsextremisten und Antisemiten Richard Melisch .
Der Titel des Vortrages lautete “ ‘ Der letzte Akt ’ Die Kriegserklärung der Globalisierer an alle Völker der Welt ! ”
Illustriert wurde die Veranstaltungsankündigung mit einer dem Nationalsozialismus entlehnten Zeichnung , auf der ein Arm zu sehen ist , der eine Schlange am Zubeissen hindert .
Während im Nationalsozialismus die Schlange die “ Hochfinanz ” und den “ Marxismus ” verkörpern sollte , wurden diese Begriffe durch “ Globalisierung ” und “ Fremdherrschaft ” ersetzt .
Auch die Hakenkreuzbinde auf dem Arm wurde weg retuschiert .
Oben : Flyer der “ Arminia ”
Unten zum Vergleich : NS - Propaganda
Die Veranstaltung wurde neben zahlreichen Burschenschaftern von mehreren Personen besucht , die der oberösterreichischen Rechtsextremen - Szene sehr nahe stehen :
So fanden sich etwa der “ Chef ” der mittlerweile aufgelösten Welser Neonazi - Partei “ Die Bunten ” Ludwig Reinthaler , der FP - Gemeinderat ( von Steinbach / Ziehberg ) und BfJ - “ Sommerfest ” - Grillmeister Ernst Kronegger und der aus dem Umfeld des “ Bund freier Jugend ” stammende Günther Altmann am Veranstaltungsort ein .
Detlef Wimmer schweigt sich über die auch von Medien erhobenen Vorwürfe hinsichtlich des NS - Plakates und des rechtsextremen Vortragenden übrigens aus .
Erst im März 2010 war Melisch für die Salzburger FPÖ aufgetreten , wobei letztere die rechtsextreme Gesinnung Melischs schlichtweg geleugnet hatte (! ) .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
The Economically Illiterate Have No Property Rights
Jesse Walker of Reason Magazine points to a story in Forbes by Megha Bahree , about the Indian government seizing peasant land for use by corporations like Tata Steel .
In response , Maoist guerrillas , supported by the peasants , are waging war on the government .
“ The upshot , ” Walker writes : “ The state has been seizing villagers ’ land on behalf of well - connected companies , allowing the rebels to sell themselves as the protectors of the peasantry . ”
The war is quite ugly , amounting to a full - blown counter - insurgency operation — with all that entails , including brutal reprisals against villagers suspected of supporting the insurgency .
In the Gompad massacre , for instance , the sixteen killed included a middle - aged couple and their 25 - year - old daughter .
The daughter had a knife stuck in her head and her breasts sliced off .
Her toddler survived — with several fingers missing .
As Bahree notes — probably to the surprise of many Forbes readers — that stealing land from peasants to benefit big business is a violation of free market principles .
“ In principle there ought to be an economic answer to the economic question of whether a steel mill is a better use of land than a farm .
If the mill is so valuable , why ca n’t its owner offer the peasants an irresistible sum to leave ?
But here the market takes a back seat behind politics and thuggery . ”
I can just imagine Thurston Howell ’s reaction : “ A free market means we have to pay for stuff ourselves and risk our own money ?
Egad !
Lovey , those free marketers sound like a bunch of commies ! ”
But especially noteworthy is the reaction from the sorts of people on the Right who talk most about “ free markets . ”
One reader at Forbes , for example , commented that “ the Maoists are no better , ” because “ for the most part its activities are criminal . ”
And then this clincher from the same reader : “ Also Can in India afford to hold back Industries that will give employment to thousands directly ( many more indirectly ) because 1750 families have to be moved ?
Is that Justice ?
Proper Rehabilitation and compensation is a must .
The activists will better serve the locals by ensure that they get proper compensation and are rehabilitated appropriately instead of opposing industries blindly . ”
Another Forbes reader writes : “ The overly populist tone of the article pitting billionaires against Maoists is a little simplistic .
If you are sitting on substantial deposits of iron ore , coal , bauxite or other precious minerals , I think the government has a right to acquire that land , but only after paying you adequate compensation . ”
Another reader comment sounds oddly familiar , given some of the usual suspects ’ responses to my own work published in free market periodicals :
“ Who would have thought , Forbes publishing an article supporting Communists / Socialists and basically Terrorists … . ”
The Indian government , he says , “ should do what USA and China does all the time , apply Emminent Domain in such cases and get it over with .
Trying to convince farmers / NGOs / Communists to give up land for factories is a futile excerise . ”
Meanwhile , at Reason , a reader responds to Walker ’s “ upshot ” by saying : “ There is no upshot .
Maoists are not for property rights . ”
So what it all boils down to is that , when the beneficiaries of theft are large corporations , the victims are peasants with traditional land tenure rights , and the people who resist it are Maoists , property rights do n’t apply .
The peasants ’ right not to be robbed is n’t really that big a deal because , after all , they ’re “ economic illiterates ” who ’ve been led astray by Maoist ideas instead of the one , true , free market faith .
But so what ?
What difference does it make what they believe , or whether they can demonstrate a working knowledge of Human Action by Ludwig von Mises ?
Since when has that become a criterion for being entitled to keep what you own ?
And for that matter , why would n’t someone in their position be skeptical of free market ideas ?
Think about it .
Just about every time you hear the words “ free market ” being used by politicians on C - SPAN , by talking heads on cable news , or by pundits on op - ed pages , it ’s being used by the kind of people who are likely to take the side of Tata against the villagers .
If all I knew about the “ free market ” was that it was what the people robbing me were in favor of , and the people helping me fight were Maoists , I ’d probably be a Maoist myself .
Right now , the words “ free market , ” for the vast majority of people whose main source of livelihood is their labor , are just another way of saying “ sweatshops ” and “ corporate serfdom . ”
That ’s probably because most of the folks they hear on TV and read on the editorial page celebrating “ free markets ” really ARE for sweatshops and corporate serfdom .
When there are enough professing free marketers who side with peasants against the big corporations trying to rob them , instead of instinctively reacting in a manner precisely opposite , maybe that will change .
A recent poll has unveiled that a vast majority of US citizens do n't trust their government to do the right thing .
Whether this has mostly to do with President Barack Obama , who is of mixed black - white origins , was not clear .
Nearly 80 per cent of Americans say they can't trust Washington and they have little faith that the massive federal bureaucracy can solve the nation 's ills , according to a survey from the Pew Research Centre that shows public confidence in the federal government at one of the lowest points in a half - century .
The poll released yesterday illustrates the ominous situation facing President Barack Obama and the Democratic Party as they struggle to maintain their comfortable congressional majorities in this fall 's elections .
Midterm prospects are typically tough for the party in power .
Add a toxic environment like this and lots of incumbent Democrats could be out of work .
The survey found that just 22 per cent of those questioned say they can trust Washington almost always or most of the time and just 19 percent say they are basically content with it .
Nearly half say the government negatively effects their daily lives , a sentiment that 's grown over the past dozen years .
This anti-government feeling has driven the tea party movement , reflected in fierce protests this past week .
" The government 's been lying to people for years .
Politicians make promises to get elected , and when they get elected , they do n't follow through , " says Cindy Wanto , 57 , a registered Democrat from Pennsylvania who joined several thousand for a rally in Washington on April 15 -- the tax filing deadline .
" There 's too much government in my business .
It was a problem before Obama , but he 's certainly not helping fix it . "
Majorities in the survey call Washington too big and too powerful , and say it 's interfering too much in state and local matters .
The public is split over whether the government should be responsible for dealing with critical problems or scaled back to reduce its power , presumably in favour of personal responsibility .
... contd .
ALSO READ
Polar freeze turns deadly , moves to US East and South after killing 21 people
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Yaakov Lapin , Herb Keinon , Khaled Abu Toameh and Jerusalem Post staff contributed to this report .
Jerusalem ’s historic Hurva Synagogue , which was last destroyed by Jordan ’s Arab Legion on May 25 , 1948 , and has been rebuilt after nearly a decade of construction , will be rededicated during a ceremony in the Old City ’s Jewish Quarter on Monday evening .
While festivities kicked off on Sunday with the welcoming of a Torah scroll into the renewed house of prayer , Monday evening ’s ceremony will be the official reopening of the Hurva , which was first built in 1701 and has been destroyed and rebuilt twice .
The rededication comes as security measures in the Old City and elsewhere in east Jerusalem are at a peak .
A shaky calm has held since the weekend ’s clashes between security personnel and Palestinian youths in the Muslim Quarter and surrounding neighborhoods , although rumors regarding the synagogue , together with the perceived implications its reconstruction holds for the Temple Mount , continue to propagate .
Palestinian clerics have claimed that the rebuilding of the Hurva would pave the way for plans by right - wing Jews to lay a cornerstone for the construction of the third temple on the Temple Mount – a rumor , based on an 18th - century rabbinic tradition purportedly declared by the Vilna Gaon , which has been brushed off by right - wing activists themselves as having been given a “ certain poetic license .
” The Muslim clerics ’ claims have been bolstered by a request filed with Jerusalem police last week to lay such a cornerstone .
The request was filed by the Temple Mount Faithful – a group that actively seeks to rebuild the third temple on the holy site .
While police rejected the request out of hand and have also canceled all tourist visits to the site , the clerics ’ warnings continued to build steam on Sunday , as top Fatah official and holder of its Jerusalem portfolio , Khatem Abd el - Kader , called on Palestinians to “ converge on Al - Aksa to save it ” from “ Israeli attempts to destroy the mosque and replace it with the temple . ” Khader called the renovation of the Hurva a “ provocation ” and warned Israel that it was “ playing with fire . ” Israel Police Insp. - Gen.
David Cohen warned that incitement to violence by Palestinian elements could inflame an already tense situation in the capital .
Responding to the allegations that Al - Aksa Mosque was “ in jeopardy , ” Cohen held a special evaluation meeting with police brass on Sunday evening that was attended by Jerusalem Police chief Cmdr. Aharon Franco .
“ Extreme statements and incitement do not match the reality on the ground .
I expect all sides at this time to be responsible and to tone down their statements , ” Cohen said at the end of the meeting .
The police chief said he was concerned that the incitement to violence could lead to an “ unnecessary escalation ” in the capital .
Cohen said police were “ deployed with increased forces around Jerusalem , due to continuous intelligence and joint evaluation meetings with other domestic security elements , ” and that police were ready to deal with “ every potential incident and scenario . ” More than 3,000 security personnel have beendeployed in the Old City and throughout east Jerusalem since Friday , and police announced on Sunday that the this would continue through Tuesday , and that only Muslim men above the age of 50 and women of any age would be permitted into the Temple Mount compound – a common step taken to reduce the potential for violence .
Friday ’s decision by Defense Minister Ehud Barak to impose a general closure on Judea and Samaria has also been extended until Tuesday .
News that Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu would not attendMonday ’s ceremony fueled speculation he had decided to skip the event , in an effort to avoid conflict with the Obama administration , after adiplomatic storm erupted with the US last week regarding constructionover the Green Line in the capital .
A spokeswoman from the Prime Minister ’s Office , however , denied that Netanyahu had ever planned on going to the re-dedication .
Thespokeswoman said that the prime minister “ did n’t go to every synagoguededication , and he had n’t planned on going to this one . ”
SAN FRANCISCO – Most people associate Super Mario creator Shigeru Miyamoto with Nintendo's classic 8 - bit games , but Yoshio Sakamoto 's retro cred stretches back almost as far .
Sakamoto joined the company in 1982 and was responsible for several cult hits on the Nintendo Entertainment System , from Wrecking Crew to Balloon Fight .
As a producer at Nintendo , he 's also in charge of games like Wario Ware : D.I.Y..
At Game Developers Conference last month , he spoke about his long history at Nintendo .
As one of the creators of Metroid , Sakamoto 's next big game is Other M , the latest Wii version of the outer space adventure game series .
But since we 'd already talked about that game at last year 's E3 , I wanted our interview at GDC to concentrate on Sakamoto 's early history .
Wired.com :
What year did you join Nintendo , and what was the first thing you worked on ?
Yoshio Sakamoto : I entered the company in 1982 , which seems like quite a long time ago now .
At that time , we were mostly making Game & Watch products .
But this was also the first time that they had begun to recruit new employees from art programs at universities .
So I was working on the multiscreen version of the Game & Watch Donkey Kong game .
If you remember the barrels and the cranes in that game , I made those .
That was the first thing I ever created that appeared in a game .
Wired.com :
What were the challenges in drawing for LCD games ?
Sakamoto :
When we were working on the Game & Watch , everything was in black and white .
There were two things we really had to pay attention to .
The first was line thickness .
We could n't go below a certain thickness and still have good visibility .
Another one was , whenever you have joined segments on a liquid crystal display that appear and disappear , you have to be very careful about the gap that you leave between the two .
It would have to be at least a certain amount of space .
Wired.com : Very shortly after that , the Famicom came out .
So they put you to work making art for those games ?
Sakamoto :
Even before the Famicom era , I was involved with a couple of arcade projects .
I 'm not sure if you remember Donkey Kong Jr. , but at that time , Mr. Miyamoto was working on some of the pixel art for the game and needed some help .
So he actually pulled me from another department of the company entirely .
He spoke to my boss , and I was available , so that was another big debut for me .
It 's true that creating pixel art was my first experience in the videogame industry , but one of the stranger experiences I had was an interaction with Gunpei Yokoi , where he said , " If you can make pixel art , you can make a game . "
So when Famicom came out , he pulled me and I began to direct titles for that .
Wired.com :
What was Yokoi like as a boss , as a game designer ?
How would you contrast him with Miyamoto ?
Sakamoto : I think that earlier episode , where he said " If you can make pixel art , you can make a game , " was a pretty good illustration .
He was the one that was always really pushing us to come up with new and creative ideas .
The way that he would constrain us was to say , " All you have to do is come up with a great idea , and give it to a designer .
In fact , I do n't want you guys to learn any of the technical stuff .
It 's just going to hold you back . "
Whereas Mr. Miyamoto would say , you have to learn the technical side to be able to give 100 percent to the designer .
But Mr. Miyamoto was never my boss , so it 's hard to compare them on that scale .
Wired.com :
When Yokoi said to you , " If you can draw pixel art , you can make a game , " what did you think at that moment ?
Sakamoto : I remember thinking , " Well , if my boss says so , then maybe I can .
But I certainly know that I have to try . "
I was also very interested , so I worked hard at it .
Wired.com :
What was the first game you designed ?
Sakamoto : Wrecking Crew , a game where you break walls .
There was the home console version , as well as an arcade cabinet that actually had a head - to - head setup .
I do n't know if it actually came out in the United States or not .
Wired.com : I think it did .
At that point , you were using Mario and Luigi as characters .
Did you have to go and ask Miyamoto if it was OK to use them ?
Sakamoto : Originally , the Wrecking Crew character was n't Mario .
He was just a guy with no moustache , wearing overalls .
I was in a different department , but Mr. Miyamoto came along and said , " You know , you should probably just use Mario .
He 's really easy to draw , and people recognize him . "
So it was actually Mr. Miyamoto who pushed that .
Wired.com :
The design of Wrecking Crew was more complicated than a straightforward platform game .
What was your inspiration there ?
Sakamoto : A lot of things .
I wanted to make a game where you broke walls and got sort of a " puzzle " feel out of that .
And nothing really I could put my finger on as far as a specific influence or inspiration , I was just imagining that type of puzzle action game .
Wired.com : Between Wrecking Crew and Metroid , what did you work on ?
Sakamoto : Balloon Fight .
And then there was another game that only came out in the U.S. , called Gumshoe .
Wired.com : Gumshoe was kind of weird .
How did you come up with that one ?
Sakamoto :
Well , I remember that Mr. Yokoi had come to me saying that he really wanted to design a light gun game .
And I had this initial idea of making a ball jump when you shot it with a gun .
And so he asked me to flesh that out .
I created something , and tried it , and it turned out to not really be that much fun .
But we decided that if you could keep shooting things as the main control scheme , this could be perhaps something very interesting .
So we had this old man who was running down the street , shooting things like a bottle , and it's not so much that you 're shooting it , but you 're telling it , " Jump ! "
This had changed quite a bit from Mr. Yokoi's original idea , but it had turned into something very interesting .
At the same time , I did n't even have permission from him , but I decided to make the character look a little like Mr. Yokoi .
When he first saw it , he was very surprised : " What have you done here ? "
Wired.com :
You said you were inspired by the Italian filmmaker Dario Argento – is that inspiration was why so many red , yellow and orange colors were used in the design of Samus ?
Or , are we just taking it way too far ?
Sakamoto :
You 're overthinking it .
Sorry !
Wired.com :
What are some specific ways , though , that these films that you mentioned inspired you in terms of creating games ?
Sakamoto :
One of the things that I really like so much about Argento 's films is his use of music and quick cuts to create this amazing contrast from one scene to the next .
The music would come along , swelling , and then a big cut with a wonderful surprise for the audience .
And he was very good at using those sound effects to change the mood immediately , on a dime .
All of this was very stimulating as I was creating these formulative creative ideas .
I thought that this music was perfect for a scary environment , and that it must be possible to include that sort of feeling in a game through music .
I think some of that came out when I was working on Famicom Detective Club .
As for Metroid : Other M , we have professional musicians who are much more sophisticated about these sorts of things than I am .
But I discussed with them a lot about creating those dramatic moments , and we have found ways to use dramatic camera angles and other tricks that probably do share some inspiration that I originally got from Argento 's films .
Top image : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
See Also :
In case anyone was wondering where Fox News gets most of its talking points , Chris Wallace last night held up a copy of the GOP 's talking points responding to President Obama 's apparent diss of the Tea Partiers the night before .
All the other Fox talkers in sight were no more imaginative , a Village chorus pronouncing the president " arrogant " for saying this :
" In all , we passed 25 different tax cuts last year , '' he said .
" And one thing we have n't done is raise income taxes on families making less than $ 250,000 a year -- another promise that we kept .
" So I 've been a little amused over the last couple of days where people have been having these rallies about taxes , '' he said at the end of a day , Tax day , on which the TEA Party Express had carried a cross-country protest to the National Mall in Washingon and staged rallies around the nation .
" You would think they would be saying thank you , '' Obama said .
" That 's what you 'd think .
This deeply offended everyone at Fox , not to mention the wingnutosphere , where Michelle Malkin could be found vowing revenge .
Chris Wallace , while trotting out those GOP talking points , declared it " the height of condescension . "
Maybe the most amusing was the apoplectic Charles Krauthammer , who sneered :
Krauthammer : I think it was Obama with his usual condescension , except that he ratcheted it up to Code Orange into snootiness , that 's where he is now , when he looks down his nose at the gun and God crowd , the lumpen proletariat , as he sees it .
And he ridicules them because they 're not grateful enough to him .
And look -- it 's quite obvious what he 's talking about here .
He thinks that they are stupid because they do n't recognize that he has n't raised their taxes .
Of course , the word that really springs to mind for these folks is most likely " uppity " -- but they probably know better than to say it on TV .
So they find synonyms like " condescending " and " arrogant " and " snootiness . "
Most amusing , though , was their shared insistence that the president should n't be dissing the Tea Partiers , because they 're just normal working - class folks .
Yes , that 's true :
They 're just normal working - class folks who carry signs denouncing Obama as a Marxist / socialist / fascist and believe he needs to produce his birth certificate and are certain he is a radical intent on destroying capitalism and grabbing their guns .
It 's also true that they are people motivated primarily by an animus toward him and liberals in general , and will do anything to oppose him , including believe all kinds of things that are provably untrue .
Things like birth certificate theories and FEMA concentration camp theories and the certainty he 's a radical Marxist .
Oh yes , and they believe he raised their taxes .
One of the signs of insanity , you know , is the insistence on believing in things that are provably untrue , even when the proof is presented clearly and irrevocably .
So why , exactly , should President Obama show any deference whatsoever to insane people who spread the nastiest and most ridiculous smears about him on a daily basis , people who never in a million years would vote for him ?
People who almost certainly did not vote for him in 2008 , and now refuse to accept the verdict of the election they lost ?
He 's supposed to show these people deference exactly why ?
It 's pretty rare that Apple patent applications reveal much more than vague plans and ideas about future devices , but a newly - public filing out of Cupertino just comes right out and states the truth about gaming on touchscreen devices like the iPhone : it can be " somewhat awkward , particularly on a portable electronic device having a touchscreen " because the " user 's fingers block the action . "
So what 's the solution ?
Buttons , dude-man .
The patent describes a handheld gaming dock that fits around a " substantial portion " of an iPhone or iPod that has both physical input controls and secondary storage for game information like scores and save data .
That 's certainly a nice idea , and one we'd love to see supported by Apple , but we 're also pretty certain this patent does n't have much of a chance as written , since we 've been hearing about this concept since games first hit the App Store and similar products -- including a keyboard -- are on the market now .
We 'll see -- like so many of Apple 's patent applications , this one might well just linger on the vine forever .
Was the food on the left , or on the right ?
( Image : Josep Call )
When in doubt ( Image : Gerry Ellis / Getty )
THERE goes another sophisticated mental feat once thought to be uniquely human .
Apes may be sufficiently self - aware to doubt their own knowledge .
Josep Call of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , Germany , put food in one of two opaque plastic pipes and had watching bonobos , chimpanzees , gorillas and orangutans pick the one with the food .
If they were made to wait , the apes sometimes forgot where the food was , but by and large they did well …
In today 's Daily Beast , a former Hillary Clinton supporter who jumped ship when the Democrats nominated Barack Obama says she was right , and the Obama presidency is a failure .
We speak , of course , of Lady Lynn Forester de Rothschild .
Lady Lynn Forester de Rothschild , of the famous international finance and banking Rothschilds , the family whose very name is synonymous with wealth , power , and privilege , abandoned the Democratic party completely in 2008 because she found Barack Obama too " elitist . "
That is a thing that actually happened , and not a funny aside in a Chris Buckley novel .
A sensible Hillary Clinton supporter could write an intellectually defensible column arguing that President Hillary would 've been more successful at any number of things , from passing a real health care bill to finance reform to dealing with Iran or fighting any of our various wars .
But Lady Lynn Forester de Rothschild is not a sensible person .
In fact , she is a deeply stupid person .
And because she is a deeply stupid person , the selection of nutcase Sarah Palin made her a McCain supporter .
And then she began writing columns about how Barack Obama is a dangerous leftist radical communist .
Her only proof for this claim was that he wanted to raise the top marginal tax rate ( the tax rate people like Lynn Forester de Rothschild have to pay ) by four percent .
This made him a socialist .
Her column today is basically two years worth of forwarded emails from a formerly sensible old person who discovered Fox News and talk radio , condensed and edited by one of Tina Brown 's servants .
You might ask why de Rothschild was ever a Hillary Clinton supporter , at all , when she now insists that an attempt to institute health insurance reforms far , far more limited than those Hillary herself drafted in the 1990s is proof that the president is a dangerous radical who wants to transform America into a European welfare state — but the answer is simply that she is stupid , and this is a stupid column drafted by a stupid person , and no responsible publisher should 've ever published it , because of how stupid it is .
But for some crazy reason , de Rothschild has had her incredibly misinformed and simplistic and worthless opinions published by both The Daily Beast and The Huffington Post , two very serious internet publications run by very serious people .
What a funny world !
You already just sort of know , logically and instinctively , that Google 's got a ridiculous number of servers working for them .
That does n't make it any less mind - boggling when visualized .
Get ready for a lot of scrolling .
Advertisement
Of course , not all servers are created equal — so " more " is a problematic word here .
And I 'm betting this would n't look quite so lopsided if big hitters like Microsoft , Yahoo , and Amazon were represented .
Regardless , though , such a massive difference of scale is incredibly impressive , even if not entirely surprising .
Note : Contrary to the graphic 's description , iWeb is in fact a " worldwide provider of Internet hosting and IT infrastructure " based in Montreal , and not in any way affiliated with Apple .
[ Intac via Reddit ; Data from Data Center Knowledge ]
What would FDR do ?
In 1936 , Franklin Delano Roosevelt took the podium at Madison Square Garden to deliver a message to his critics .
" We [ have ] had to struggle with the old enemies of peace , " he said .
" Business and financial monopoly , speculation , reckless banking , class antagonism , sectionalism , war profiteering .
They had begun to consider the Government of the United States as a mere appendage to their own affairs .
We know now that Government by organized money is just as dangerous as Government by organized mob .
Never before in all our history have these forces been so united against one candidate as they stand today .
They are unanimous in their hate for me , and I welcome their hatred . "
Earlier this morning , Barack Obama took the podium at Cooper Union and delivered a rather different message to organized money .
He asked not for their hatred , but for their support .
" I am here today because I want to urge you to join us , " he said , " instead of fighting us in this effort .
I am here because I believe that these reforms are , in the end , not only in the best interest of our country , but in the best interest of our financial sector . "
( For a full transcript , head here . )
The point of the contrast is n't to set FDR 's stirring populism against Obama 's preference for cooperation .
It 's to ask which is a better policy approach .
There 's some reason to be skeptical of Obama 's contention that these reforms will be in the best interests of the financial sector .
If true reform of the derivatives sector passes into law , for instance , Wall Street will lose the remarkable profits it extracts from writing complex contracts that few can reproduce and no one can price .
But that gets to the question of Wall Street 's interests .
The last few years have been good for the sector .
Consider these two graphs , both of which come from James Kwak .
The first tracks financial sector profits as a percentage of total domestic products .
It begins after the 1929 crash .
The second graph tracks the average wage in the financial industry against the average wage across all other industries .
It begins before the crash of 1929 , so you can see what the financial sector looked like before it melted down .
There are certainly many in the financial sector who would consider enormous profits and extremely high wages to be in their best interest .
But it 's not in the country 's best interest for the financial sector to consume 40 percent of domestic profits .
You can't regulate against that sort of incentive for taking risks .
You can't legislate against the sort of political power that much money can buy .
But with a few exceptions -- notably the unexpected strength of the derivatives legislation -- it 's not clear that the financial regulation bills under consideration in Congress do much to change the look of these graphs .
Comparatively , you can see that after the Great Depression , the average financial wage lost a lot of its appeal in comparison to the average actual wage .
Banking became , well , just another job .
The Dodd and Frank bills are not about changing how the financial sector works so much as changing how it 's regulated .
And there 's a real need for regulation modernizing the powers of regulators , so that 's not necessarily a bad thing .
But the question is whether that 's a sufficient thing .
Whether we also need legislation that is decidedly not in the financial sector 's best interest .
Legislation that brings down their share of total domestic profits and forces down their relative wages and makes it less lucrative for smart college graduates to rush into investment banks .
Legislation that leaves firms that are smaller and easier to unwind and that does n't offer massive rewards to people who develop complex and untested products and then sell them to other people who know even less about them .
A financial industry , in other words , that looks more like the one we had after the Great Depression than before .
Photo credit : By Jim Young / Reuters
A few weeks after Acura released a series of teaser images , Acura officially pulled the wraps off the concept version of the ZDX crossover at the 2009 New York International Auto Show .
Interestingly , the previously released teaser shots actually show early production lighting elements , rather than those found on the NYIAS concept , but we ’re told that , other than the lights , there are few changes between the concept and the ZDX that will roll into Acura showrooms this fall as a 2010 model .
Designed by 28 - year - old Michelle Christensen ( who was only 25 when she penned the first version of the vehicle ) , the five - passenger ZDX is based on the MDX platform and will be positioned above that seven - seater as a flagship within Acura ’s lineup .
Although Acura claims that the ZDX will introduce “ an entirely new category of luxury vehicle , ” no one will be able to help comparing it to that other four - door coupe crossover thingy , the BMW X6 , although the ZDX ’s ride height is markedly lower .
Still , like the X6 , it is none too dainty at 192.6 inches long , a vast 78.5 inches wide , and 61.8 inches tall .
There are 108.5 inches between the centerlines of the 19 - inch wheels , which are shod with 275/40 - series Michelin Latitude tires .
Acura confirms that it will be powered by the same 300 - hp , 3.7 - liter V - 6 that powers the MDX .
The six will be mated to an all - new six - speed automatic with steering - wheel - mounted paddle shifters .
It will , of course , come standard with Acura ’s nifty Super Handling All - Wheel Drive system .
The interior of every ZDX will feature leather seating surfaces , and occupants will get plenty of light from above via the standard full - length glass roof .
For lane changes — which undoubtedly will be hampered by those huge C - pillars — the ZDX will offer a blind - spot information system , as well as a multi-angle rear - view camera , surround - sound audio , navigation and , we imagine , a whole lot more if it is to , as Acura claims , achieve “ a whole new level of prestige ” for the brand .
Customers will be able to see for themselves when the ZDX goes on sale this winter .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Claim : Video shows a car striking another vehicle in an intersection , sending the second car careening into a pedestrian .
Status : True .
Example : [ Collected via e-mail , July 2007 ]
Watch the man on the left walking , crossing the road where there is no car .
Take nothing for granted , not even for a split second !
Watch the man on the left walking , crossing the road where there is no car .
Take nothing for granted , not even for a split second !
VIDEO CAPTURED BY TRAFFIC CAMERA !!!!
Believe it or not the man in the intersection lived !
He was saved by the imprint that the PT Cruiser left in the driver ’s side of the Subaru .
When the Subaru went over him it came down on him right where the dent in the car was made and did not crush him AMAZING !!!
Watch it over and over and you can pick up the dent in the car .
Origins :
It ’s a chilling scene : a video clip shows a vehicle as it speeds through an intersection and runs broadside into another car ; a pedestrian crossing the street breaks into a run to run to get out of the way of the out - of - control vehicles , but the struck car rolls on top of him .
The video is all the more chilling because it is n’t a scene from a
movie , nor is it the product of special effects wizardry — it ’s the real thing , captured by a red - light enforcement camera .
The accident seen in the video occurred at 12:40 p.m. on 23 May 2004 at the intersection of Third Street and
Edwin C. Moses Boulevard in Dayton , Ohio . Betty J. Hayslip , 75 , of New Lebanon , driving a PT
Cruiser , ran a red light and struck a Subaru driven by Albertina L. Walker , 41 , of Dayton .
The collision caused the Subaru to roll over one and a half times ; it came to rest upside - down and in the process crashed into pedestrian Scott Tegtmeyer , 42 , of Dayton .
Tegtmeyer , who was crossing the street in the same direction as the PT Cruiser and had just reached the curb on the opposite side , can be seen in the video breaking into a desperate run as the collided vehicles bear down on him .
He could not react quickly enough , however , and the Subaru rolled atop of him , dragging him several feet across the intersection .
Although medics who found Tegtmeyer ’s bloodied body amidst a sea of broken glass initially pronounced him dead at the scene , he began breathing while in transit with paramedics and was fully resuscitated by doctors .
Investigators said that at the time of the accident the crosswalk signal was red , and therefore Tegtmeyer should not have been crossing the street .
They also reported that Tegtmeyer miraculously escaped alive because the dent in the side of the Subaru caused by the crash created a hollow space that allowed the vehicle to roll over him without crushing him to death .
Neither vehicle was carrying any passengers , and both drivers escaped with only minor injuries .
The crash was captured by one of the automated red - light enforcement cameras installed at a dozen intersections around Dayton to help reduce crashes caused by drivers running red lights .
Each camera records 12 - second motion videos used to issue citations to offending motorists .
Last updated : 26 July 2007
Sources :
Chema , Alexis and Jim Bebbington .
“ Cameras Stopping Crashes . ”
Dayton Daily News. 29 May 2004 ( p. A1 ) .
Grieco , Lou .
“ Driver Killed in 3 - Car Crash . ”
Dayton Daily News. 3 June 2004 ( p. B1 ) .
Roberson , Jason .
“ Victim Declared Dead , Revived . ”
Dayton Daily News. 24 May 2004 ( p. A1 ) .
WDTN -TV , Dayton .
“ Pedestrian Caught in the Middle of Car Crash . ”
C. S. Lewis wrote that
Faith is holding on to things your reason has once accepted , in spite of your changing moods .
When someone says “ I ca n’t believe it ’s Tuesday ” he really means that he does believe it ’s Tuesday , but it takes effort .
His emotions are telling him that it is some other day , but he chooses to accept that it is Tuesday for other reasons .
It takes faith for me to believe that men walked on the moon in 1969 .
I ’m convinced that it happened , but it does n’t seem true to me .
It does n’t seem plausible that 1960 ’s technology could have accomplished this , even though I know that it did .
It takes faith for me to believe that Ernest Shackleton and his crew survived their exploration of the Antarctic .
I do n’t doubt the historical accounts , though they are hard to believe .
It takes faith for me to believe some mathematical theorems even though I have carefully gone through every line of their proofs .
I am convinced that these theorems are true though they do not seem true .
Other mathematicians have commented on the same experience .
For example , Jerry Bona once joked that
The Axiom of Choice is obviously true ; the Well Ordering Principle is obviously false ; and who can tell about Zorn ’s Lemma ?
The three statements he mentions are logically equivalent , though the Axiom of Choice is the easiest to believe and the Well Ordering Principle is the hardest to believe .
It takes faith for me to believe in God .
At times it does n’t feel like God exists , though there are reasons to believe that He does .
I have found these reasons convincing , and I hold on to my conclusions in spite of my changing moods .
Related posts
Arizona 's controversial experiment with speed - enforcement cameras on state freeways will come to an end this summer , when the Department of Public Safety allows the program to expire .
The DPS sent a letter to camera operator Redflex Traffic Systems this week , informing officials that their contract will not be renewed .
The 78 fixed and mobile photo - enforcement units around the state will be turned off after July 15 .
Decisions on when and how the cameras will be removed have not yet been made , Redflex officials said .
City photo - enforcement contracts , which deal with speed and red - light cameras , are not affected by the move .
The program incited vandalism against traffic cameras and even violence since its inception two years ago .
Vandals took Silly String , sticky notes and pickaxes to cameras after they were installed .
Last year , Thomas Patrick Destories was charged with first - degree murder in the shooting of Redflex technician Doug Georgianni as he sat inside a DPS - owned photo - enforcement vehicle .
Destories has pleaded not guilty .
Advocates of the cameras , including some DPS officials , have released studies indicating that the cameras save lives and reduce crashes .
Those studies have been vigorously disputed by camera opponents , who argue that the cameras increase collisions while infringing upon constitutional rights .
In its letter to Redflex , the DPS said that ending the contract represents " a change in the agency 's focus , " said Shoba Vaitheeswaran , a Redflex spokeswoman .
The DPS on Wednesday did not respond to a request for the letter , nor would it comment on the issue .
"
We 're undoubtedly disappointed in the decision , " Vaitheeswaran said .
She cited a DPS study from October that said the cameras resulted in a 19.2 percent drop in fatal collisions , saving 24 lives .
The same study said the cameras allowed DPS officers to make more traffic stops and arrest more criminals .
The DPS has scheduled a complete audit of the system 's impact on safety and driving behavior to be completed in the fall .
Photo - enforcement supporters had hoped the review would be complete before state officials made any decision about the system .
Opponents of photo enforcement cheered the decision .
" We 're happy that DPS will no longer be violating Arizona citizens ' constitutional rights , " said Shawn Dow , chairman of a November ballot initiative to ban the use of photo enforcement statewide .
Financial motives
Controversy has swirled around photo enforcement on state roads ever since then - Gov. Janet Napolitano included it in the 2009 state budget .
Napolitano envisioned a system of up to 100 cameras that would generate $ 90 million in revenue a year .
She said the program was designed to improve traffic safety , not make money .
But the idea of the cameras as moneymakers drew strong criticism , and they did not meet revenue projections .
The cameras snapped more than 2 million times in an 18 - month span from September 2008 through the end of March and issued more than 1.2 million citations .
But only about 30 percent of the citations were paid , generating about $ 63.5 million in revenue , which went into a fund the Legislature controlled .
Among those who criticized the financial motives of the system was Gov. Jan Brewer , then - secretary of state .
" She did not support the state photo - radar system because it appeared from the beginning to be designed exclusively as a revenue generator , " Paul Senseman , a Brewer spokesman , said in an e-mail .
At one point , Brewer had leaned toward letting voters decide whether to keep the cameras .
But after Brewer became governor last year , she appointed a new DPS director , Robert Halliday , who said photo enforcement 's reputation was damaged from the start after Napolitano publicly touted the program as a revenue generator .
Halliday also wanted an independent analysis of the program 's safety benefits , which he thought were overstated .
Legislative opposition
Even before Brewer appointed Halliday , the program had been the subject of numerous attacks from conservatives in the Legislature .
In the session that ended last week , lawmakers sent Brewer a bill that would ban photo enforcement within 600 feet of a posted speed - limit change , with the exception of a school crossing .
It also would prevent a traffic complaint from being filed in court unless a person was personally served with that complaint .
Given the DPS ' move this week , the bill would be moot on state freeways .
But it would still affect programs run by cities .
The bill , sponsored by Sen. Russell Pearce , R - Mesa , also would ban people from applying any covering or substance to their license plate that makes the plate illegible .
Brewer has until Tuesday to sign or veto the bill or do nothing and allow it to become law without her signature .
The measure , if it became law , would go into effect July 29 .
Meanwhile , opponents of cameras are still gathering signatures for a ballot initiative that would ban the cameras statewide .
The signatures will be filed July 1 , said Dow , the campaign chairman .
" The cameras are coming down , " he said .
Republic reporter Alia Rau contributed to this article .
In the Tehran of my childhood , John Wayne was a household name .
His Hollywood star began to rise over Iran in the late 1950s , but it was in the 1970s — when every weekend we could count on a cowboy show — that “ John Vayne ” became part of our everyday lives .
His renown did n’t derive from his sexy costars or the excellence of his films or even our fascination with the accent .
John
Wayne came to us dubbed into Farsi , and it was the dub that made the man .
He was not so much translated as alchemized by the wizards of Persian dub into a new alloy , a man who walked like a cowboy but talked like a dude from south Tehran .
Wayne ’s tough - but - tender talk was delivered in the slang of downtown knife fighters and hero - thugs , an urban subculture known as jahel : men with switchblades and a strict code of honor , not unlike the lonesome heroes of the Wild West .
In keeping with jahel tradition , the Iranian Wayne and his gang insulted the honor of parents and family members alike , swore by Ali and Allah , and addressed each other with the most diverse , absurd , and expressive epithets they could find .
Every time an actor turned his back , the dubbers , freed from any obligation to sync with the image , would throw in some slangy insults — corpse washer , stinking vulture — and during gunfights there was always time for jahel philosophizing .
Ducking bullets , John Wayne spies a drunk on a porch and mumbles , “ Lucky bastard , so totally oblivious to the world . ”
In Rio Bravo , when Wayne and Dean Martin start at a creaking sound , only to discover a stabled mule , there ensues between the sheriff and his sidekick a barrage of donkey - related swear words .
All this with cheery disregard for the script and the authority of its creators .
The art of the Persian dub has an unexpected lineage .
When the talkies first came to Iran in the 1930s , distributors continued to treat them like silent movies , interrupting the films with occasional “ he said , she said ” text panels in Farsi .
But literacy was rare , so professional reciters would pace up and down the theater aisles , belting out reductive translations .
Another strategy for domesticating foreign cinema was splicing .
When a cowboy entered a saloon , for example , the doors swinging in his wake might fade to a popular and sultry singer belly dancing — not to fool viewers into thinking she was a stage act inside the local Texas juke joint , but to mash up that difference .
Then the film would wipe seamlessly back to the Western drama of the cheats at the poker table .
No one complained about incongruence or bastardization — the downtown audience was quite happy with the pastiche .
- Advertisement -
We were , it seems , much better at stealing than at imitating .
When the three soldiers in Stanley Kubrick ’s Paths of Glory are being led out to their execution — a tragic scene of prolonged silence and tension , in the original — the Persian dub has them pleading for their lives , pitifully , comically , in the vernacular of downtown Tehran .
They beg to kiss the hands and feet of the colonel , to be his slave , his sacrificial kid .
They implore him to “ get down from your donkey ” and spare their worthless lives .
The disjuncture is breathtaking — as if Akira Kurosawa had given Robin Williams a free hand at dubbing Ran into English .
What made the best dubs so good was that they added another register , a meta - commentary that created and revealed subtexts in the films .
One classic sequence takes place in The War Wagon , an average film with two big stars , John Wayne and Kirk Douglas , as reluctant partners .
Douglas is a slick , dandyish womanizer who ’d shoot his mother in the back ; he has just left the company of a pair of prostitutes to make a deal with Wayne .
Here he is wearing a silk robe with an elaborate Asian dragon stitched on the back while Wayne , who is shaving , appears in a plain full - body undergarment with a holster buckled around his waist .
Wayne explains that the gun is always with him because these days , you ca n’t trust anyone .
It ’s a throwaway line , obvious and predictable .
But then , as Douglas turns to exit , revealing the dragon on his robe , Wayne ’s Persian voice offscreen whispers something like , “ Well , well , check out the dragon . ”
Obviously not in the original , it ’s a catty under - the - breath comment , a perfect subversion of the manly Hollywood cliché that preceded it .
Voters all over Europe seem to be suspicious of politicians .
Like last week in the UK , yesterday the voters in Germany 's important regional election in North Rhine Westphalia ( NRW ) did n't deliver an outright winner .
The centre - right Christian Democrats ( CDU ) gained only 6,200 votes more than the Social Democrats ( SPD ) .
Over all , the CDU lost more than 10 % of the share of votes .
Who will form a government remains unclear at the moment .
A regional election , who cares , you might say ?
But things are different in Germany .
The regional elections in North Rhine Westphalia , the most populated region , is called a " small general election " .
Last time , in 2005 , when the Social Democrats lost , the then - chancellor , Gerhard Schroeder of the SPD , immediately called a general election .
This time this wo n't happen yet , but for the chancellor , Angela Merkel , of the CDU , it was a big blow nevertheless .
The government , led by an ally of Merkel , lost its majority .
This affects the national politics : Merkel will lose her centre - right majority in the second chamber , the Bundesrat , too , which will make decisions even more complicated .
With the euro in trouble , a sick finance minister and a volatile national coalition it adds to the feeling of a government in crisis .
How long the CDU - coalition with the pro-business FDP in Berlin will last is very difficult to say right now .
Merkel had feared this regional election in North Rhine Westphalia like nothing else , and she wanted to defer all important decisions on tax reform , dealing with the debt and health reform after 9 May .
Then Greece cried for help .
The CDU and its pro-business coalition partner FDP failed to persuade Germans why the financial help for Greece was necessary .
German taxpayers deliver € 22bn , the biggest share of the package .
Fuelled by a negative campaign in the tabloid press , the Greek help proved hugely unpopular .
Merkel had wanted to defer that decision too until after the North Rhine Westphalia election , but it was passed through the Bundestag just two days before the election .
The clouds darkened eventually with the euro crisis meeting on the day of the election itself .
The regional election was decided in Athens , Berlin and Brussels , not in Duesseldorf .
Merkel 's worst fears have come true , and she now has to prove her leadership .
Apache Maven 3 Races to the Finish Line
The open source Apache Maven project has been helping software developers for over six years with their project build and reporting management needs .
For most of that time , the project has been offering incremental updates to the Apache Maven 2.x product line , but in the next few months , Maven 3 is set to emerge .
Maven 3 will be the first major release for the Apache project since the Maven 2 release in 2005 .
It also comes at time when the project 's lead sponsor , Sonatype , is gearing up new commercially support applications to enhance the Maven ecosystem .
Currently , Maven 3 is still in active development with the most recent milestone , the 3.0 alpha 7 build .
Maven creator Jason Van Zyl , who is also CTO of Sonatype , told InternetNews.com that he expects Maven 3.0 to be generally available in the next two to three months , though there will be one more alpha release before the first beta .
One of the big improvements that Van Zyl sees in Maven 3 is a significant performance boost to enable Maven to work better as part of other applications , notably the m2eclipse project .
M2eclipse combines Maven with the Eclipse IDE and is the basis for the new Maven Studio for Eclipse developed by Sonatype .
" In Maven 3 , there are changes related to embedding so we can get Maven to work better inside of m2eclipse , " Van Zyl said .
" The upshot is a 200 to 300 percent performance increase for Maven operations inside of m2eclipse . "
Another new Maven 3 feature Van Zyl noted is what 's called Polyglot Maven , which aims to meld dynamic scripting languages like Ruby and Groovy with Maven 's Project Object Model ( POM ) .
" What Polyglot Maven enables is a user to create a new POM format in a scripting language , " Van Zyl said .
" We want to help developers to be able to build new tools using the language of their choice but still preserving Maven repository interoperability . "
Maven 3 will also include a Maven Shell , which is an interactive shell that developers can use with Maven projects and which provides a performance increase so they can query build servers faster .
Related Articles Apache Rolls Out a New Maven
While enhanced performance is an important part of Maven 3 , one of the key goals for the effort is maintaining a degree of backwards compatibility with Maven 2 projects .
" We have gone to the ends of the Earth to try and make sure that Maven 2 projects will work in Maven 3 , " Van Zyl said .
" It wo n't be like the Maven 1 to Maven 2 migration where we changed the format of the project and the repository and it caused a lot of grief .
We just did n't know how many users were actually using Maven 1 and it was a lot more than we thought . "
Van Zyl added that he is expecting that Maven 3 will be a drop - in replacement for 99 percent of the Maven 2 projects that exist .
" We fixed over 1,000 issues in Maven 3 that we could n't fix in Maven 2 , so Maven 3 will really be a healthy replacement for Maven 2 users , " Van Zyl said .
Sean Michael Kerner is a senior editor at InternetNews.com , the news service of Internet.com , the network for technology professionals .
Now that we ’ve published nearly 10,000 of our tags as Linked Open Data , you ’re probably wondering what kind of cool applications you can build with this data .
To help you get started ( and since linked data applications are a little different from your average Web application ) , we thought we ’d provide a sample application and detailed information about how we built it .
Our sample application , “ Who Went Where , ” lets you explore recent Times coverage of the alumni of a specified college or university .
You can find the application here and beautified source code here .
Before we dive into the source , let ’s take a high - level look at the application ’s control ( which is fairly straightforward ) .
The application starts by initializing an auto - complete field with the names of all the colleges and universities in DBpedia .
When the user selects the name of an institution from the auto - complete field , the application queries DBpedia for the NYT identifiers of all the alumni of that institution .
These identifiers are then used to query the New York Times Article Search API for the ten most recent articles about each alumnus .
Then we use a little jQuery magic to display and format these articles .
Wait !
Linked data ?
DBpedia ?
Perhaps some definitions are in order .
Linked Data :
The idea behind linked data is super simple .
Databases power nearly every site on the Web .
And even though these sites can link to each other ’s pages , their databases remain almost entirely ignorant of one another .
Linked data uses W3C Semantic Web Standards to cure sites of their mutual data - based ignorance by making it easy to specify the relationships between previously isolated data silos .
On a more technical level , linked data provides a mechanism for representing databases ( called RDF ) and a mechanism for querying those databases ( called SPARQL ) .
For a great introduction to RDF and SPARQL , check out SPARQL By Example .
DBpedia :
Have you ever noticed those handy little info boxes on certain Wikipedia articles ?
Well , it turns out that those boxes contains lots of useful information , ranging from people ’s birthdays to the heights of mountains .
And since the info boxes represent this information in a reasonably structured format , it ’s possible to build a database out of these humble little boxes .
And that ’s exactly what teams from The Free University of Berlin and The University of Leipzig decided to do .
Their database is called DBpedia .
Because it ’s both really useful and constructed from Semantic Web building blocks , DBpedia has become one of the central hubs in the evolving Linked Data Cloud .
Better yet , DBpedia provides a mechanism for handling SPARQL queries ( known as a SPARQL end point in linked - data - geek - speak ) , so it ’s easy to build Web applications on top of DBpedia .
Step - by - Step to Your Own NYT Linked Data Application
Now that we have the definitions out of the way , let ’s move on to the guts of our linked data application .
For the sake of clarity , this description focuses on the highlights of the code .
You ’ll probably find it helpful to follow along in the application ’s source code while reading the rest of this post .
Step 1 : Initializing the Auto - Complete Field
Our linked data application is built with jQuery , and like all good jQuery applications , it starts with a $ ( document ) .
ready ( ) function :
$ ( document ) . ready ( function ( ) { setupAutoComplete ( ) ; } ) ;
The first thing the setupAutoComplete ( ) function does is figure out how many colleges and universities there are , by querying DBpedia ’s SPARQL end point ( provided by Open Link Software ) with the following query .
SELECT COUNT ( ?uri ) AS ?
COUNT WHERE { ?uri rdf : TYPE dbpedia - owl : University .
?uri foaf : name ? name . }
Results of the preceding query can be found in HTML here and in JSON here .
Once we have a count of the number of colleges and universities known to DBpedia , the code moves on to the loadAutoCompleteData ( ) function .
This repeatedly calls the loadDBPediaUniversities ( ) function until we ’ve loaded every last one of DBpedia ’s university and college identifiers into a dictionary keyed by their names .
The SPARQL query used to get this information is as follows :
SELECT ?uri , ? name WHERE { ?uri rdf : TYPE dbpedia - owl : University .
?uri foaf : name ?name } LIMIT 1000 OFFSET < em > offset </ em >
The offset is used to access records beyond the first 1,000 , as DBpedia ’s SPARQL end point is limited to 1,000 rows per query .
Results of the preceding query can be found in HTML here and in JSON here .
Once we have created our array of DBpedia names , _autoCompleteArray , and our dictionary of DBpedia identifiers keyed by their names , _autoCompleteMap , the auto - complete is initialized as follows .
$ ( " #school_input " ) .
autocomplete ( _autoCompleteArray , { width : 235 , selectFirst : true , scroll : true , matchContains : true , matchCase : false , } ) ; $ ( " #school_input " ) . result ( function ( event , data , formatted ) { loadAlumniForSchool ( _autoCompleteMap [ data [ 0 ] ] , data [ 0 ] ) ; } ) ;
There ’s a lot going on in that code fragment , but the important thing to see is that whenever an item is selected from the auto - complete field , the loadAlumniForSchool ( ) function is invoked with the name and identifier of the specified school or university .
This brings us to the next step .
Step 2 : Displaying the Alumni of a Specified School or University
Let ’s assume that our user searches for “ Williams College , ” causing the loadAlumniForSchool ( ) function to be invoked with the parameters //dbpedia.org/resource /Williams_College and Williams College .
The application must now find all the alumni of Williams College that DBpedia knows about .
To do this , the application makes the following query ( simplified here for clarity ) :
SELECT * WHERE { ?alumnus dbpprop:almaMater < http : // dbpedia . org / resource / Williams_College > .
? alumnus owl: sameAs ?nyt Id .
? alumnus dbpprop : name ?name .
OPTIONAL { ?alumnus dbpedia - owl:birthDate ?birthDate } .
OPTIONAL { ?alumnus dbpedia - owl:deathDate ?deathDate } .
OPTIONAL { ?alumnus owl: sameAs ?freebaseUri .
FILTER regex ( ? freebaseUri , '/ /rdf \\ . freebase \\ .com /.*' ) .
FILTER regex ( ? nyt Id , '// data \\ .nytimes \\ .com /.*' ) . }
Results of the preceding query can be found in HTML here and in JSON here .
In plain English , the preceding query might sound something like this :
Find an alumnus ( ? alumnus ) who attended ( dbpprop:almaMater ) Williams College ; the name ( dbpprop : name ) of that alumnus ( ? name ) ; the New York Times identifier ( ? nytdId ) corresponding ( owl:sameAs ) to the alumnus .
Optionally find the birth data , death date , and Freebase identifier ( ? birthDate , ? deathDate , and ? freebaseUri respectively ) for the alumnus .
In response to this query , DBpedia gives us back a big ol ’ JSON object containing all the alumni info we asked for .
Contained within this object are the New York Times identifiers for each alumnus .
In the case of Williams College , these identifiers are :
//data.nytimes.com/38832438934068808203
//data.nytimes.com/N77681930120720110803
//data.nytimes.com/73439517545719071583
Now we transform these New York Times identifiers into a list of articles about each identifier .
Doing this is a two - step process .
First , for each identifier , we obtain a JSON representation of the resource corresponding to it .
For example , given the identifier //data.nytimes.com/38832438934068808203 , we execute the following AJAX request :
$. ajax ( { dataType : ' jsonp ' , jsonp : ' callback ' , url : http : //data.nytimes.com/38832438934068808203<strong>.json</strong > , success : function ( json ) { if ( json .
stat == ' ok ' ) { loadAlumnusDetails ( json ) ; } } } ) ;
Results of this request can be found here .
The JSON object returned by this AJAX request contains the Times Tag that corresponds to the New York Times identifier .
In the case of the identifier //data.nytimes.com/38832438934068808203 , this tag is “ Bennett , William J ” and can be accessed from the JSON object as follows :
var timesTag = nytJson [ "//data.nytimes.com/38832438934068808203 " ] [ " skos:prefLabel " ] ;
Now that we have the Times Tag corresponding to the New York Times Identifier , we use the New York Times Article Search API to obtain a list of articles matching the tag .
Such a query can be constructed as follows :
//api.nytimes.com/svc/search/v1/article ?? query=+nytd_per_facet[<strong>TimesTag</strong >] &rank=newest &fields=abstract , body , byline , date , small_image_url , title , url &api- key= < strong>xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx </ strong >
Please note that the New York Times Article Search API does not support client - side requests , so this request must be made on the server side .
Now , at long last , our application formats and displays our hard - won list of articles about the alumni of the specified school .
A Note About Sources and Data Quality
The images in this application are provided by the Freebase Image Thumbnailing API .
Many thanks to the great team at Freebase for this service .
Also , a general disclaimer : given that our sample application is built upon community - generated data from third - party sources , there may be some errors in the data .
The good news is that both Freebase and DBpedia allow you to fix such errors , so if you see something that needs fixing , you know what to do .
That ’s It ?
So there you have it — all it takes to build a simple linked data application with New York Times Linked Open Data .
But remember : this post just focuses on the highlights .
We encourage you to take a closer look at the code and dig into some of the more advanced features we did n’t discuss .
We hope that you share our excitement about the possibilities of linked data , and we look forward to seeing what you create !
I just put a check in the bank for money I never thought I 'd see , and it's thanks to the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America Grievance Committee .
Back in Feb 2009 , an editor I like asked me to write a short - short story for a series she was putting together for one of the big , slick science magazines .
I liked the market , the editor and the premise , so I wrote a piece and turned it in .
Everyone at the publishing house was enthusiastic about it , and they sent me a contract , asking me to rush it in so that they could get it into the next issue .
But the contract was awful .
It asked for really dumb rights , like the right to make movies and action figures and other stuff from my story , and they were n't paying nearly enough for that sort of thing .
It also had all kinds of indemnity in it — by signing it , I was promising that I 'd pay off anyone who claimed I broke any law in any country in which the magazine had assets ( lots of countries ! ) .
This is n't that unusual — but what happened next was .
I told them I would n't sign over anything except print rights , and that I wanted the indemnity revised so that I was only guaranteeing that I would n't break US laws , and that I would only indemnify them for finally sustained damages ( that is , after a trial and appeal ) .
This is totally standard , something I 've done with publishing companies like the New York Times , Conde Nast , Time Warner , Nature , etc .
The magazine was willing to take out the rights grab , but they refused to negotiate on the indemnity .
Stonewalled .
They did n't answer emails — months and months of emails .
When I heard back from the in - house editor , he just said that the CEO was n't willing to change this language , ever , and tough .
He would n't answer any questions about it — any queries were met with months ' more silence .
What 's worse , I 'd already done the work , and I was n't getting paid for it .
It may seem dumb to write work on spec without seeing the contract , but in practice , this is how it often works .
Contracts are pretty standard , and editors work on short deadlines , while contracts departments often seem to exist in their own rarified and plodding universe .
I 've often written a story , had it published , gotten paid for it , and then gotten the contract for it .
It 's a dumb and backwards way of doing things , but that 's how it goes sometimes .
But it sure made me feel like a sucker and an idiot as email after email disappeared into a black hole .
They 'd asked me to do work , I 'd done it to their satisfaction , and now they wanted me to swallow a bowl of crap before they 'd pay me for it .
It felt awful , a sense of powerlessness and anger .
Finally , I turned to the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America Grievance Committe .
John E Johnson III and Michael Capobianco , two of the committee 's members , asked me for a complete history of all my interactions with the magazine ( I 'd kept good records ) .
They went to work for me , calling and emailing the editor and his boss .
In the end , the magazine would n't negotiate the contract , but they did send me half the money ( I 've just cashed the check ) as a kill - fee .
And that 's the point of this post .
Many people ask what the point of SFWA is ; I 'm guilty of wondering this at times myself .
But here is something that SFWA does really well : back up individual writers with the collective might of the organization and the tenacity of its volunteers .
I ca n't thank Michael and John and Griefcom enough .
John was kind enough to supply this quote : " Cory Doctorow deserves credit himself .
By
presenting us with a legitimate grievance , by having kept proper
documentation , and by displaying great patience , Cory made it possible
for Griefcom to resolve this matter satisfactorily . " – John E. Johnston
III , Grievance Committee Chair , Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of
America
I still can't figure out what the magazine 's angle was here .
They 're out my killfee , they never got to print the story , they had to pay a leading artist to produce some really stellar art for the piece that they 'll never get to use , all because they did n't want to make a totally reasonable , standard change to their contract .
Who can comprehend the irrational mysteries of giant media companies ?
The lesson is : keep good records , get the contract before you do the work , and when you get the shaft , call SFWA .
Griefcom and You
Not only did the use of “ woke ” increase by 50 % , but politics and social issues were also at the forefront of conversation this year
Formerly the National Climatic Data Center ( NCDC ) … more about NCEI »
Some 7,000 men reported being abused by their partner last year
Scotland 's first helpline for male victims of domestic abuse has gone live .
The Men's Advice Line is staffed by trained advisors who provide practical advice and emotional support to men who are abused by their partners .
About 7,000 men in Scotland reported being the victims of such abuse last year .
Some 14 % of all domestic abuse cases reported to the police involve a male being abused by a female partner .
The advice line - 0800 801 0327 - can also provide information about support services including legal , housing , child contact and mental health issues .
People worried about male friends or family can also call the hotline for advice .
Housing and Communities Minister Alex Neil said : " Let us be absolutely clear that men and women can both be victims and we know that men feel under immense pressure to keep up the pretence that everything is okay .
" It is vital that we make clear to men that they are not alone and that there is someone standing ready to listen and help . "
Who Owned Your Magic Sword Before You Did ?
How does loot end up in a monster ’s treasure horde ?
The beholder was n’t wearing the chain mail or wielding the great axe when you fought it , yet there it is in its lair among the other wonders and treasures .
You probably just assume that it belonged to the last guy who attempted to defeat the beholder before you and your party came along .
But do you ever wonder who the last guy was ?
Do you ever feel guilty claiming his possessions ?
Sure he ’s dead and has little use for them , but that does n’t necessarily make them yours , does it ?
No matter how prevalent magic and magic items are in your campaign world , each and every magic item is unique ( as we discussed in What ’s a +1 Sword ? ) .
Each item required time and resources to create , even if it ’s just the most basic magic weapon .
So when adventurers loot a treasure horde after fighting and defeating monsters , any magical treasures are unique and probably identifiable .
But most PCs make no effort to identify who the previous owner was .
They take the item as their just reward and move on .
But if the items are unique does n’t it make sense that someone could and eventually would recognize them ?
Let ’s assume that during your latest dungeon crawl in addition to everything else the party claimed as treasure , the Paladin found a suit of magical plate armor .
When arriving in the nearby town to spend some gold and brag about their accomplishments how would they react if their spoils are recognized ?
“ Excuse me , good knight , but you ’re wearing Sir Delian ’s plate armor .
It ’s been in his family for eight generations and was thought lost forever when we heard he was killed defending those gnomes from the beholder .
I ’m sure you ’ll do the right thing and return it to his brother since it ’s a family heirloom . ”
Which response do you think is more likely ?
“ I had no idea this fine suit of armor was so valuable or important to Sir Delian ’s family .
Now that I know who it truly belongs to I ’ll return it immediately .
Thank you for informing me .
“ I regret that Sir Delian died while wearing this armor , but I found it after my party and I defeated a deadly beholder .
Regardless of its importance to Sir Delian ’s family I found it and I claim ownership . ”
Very few PCs would give up any treasure , especially something as valuable as a magic item .
Finders keepers is the generally understood law of the land in most D&D campaigns .
The only real exception is when a party is hired to recover a lost item .
In all other circumstances possession is 9/10 ths of the law .
But even if finders keepers is the accepted practice , is n’t it likely that when the PCs acquire new treasure from monster ’s lairs that some of it is recognizable .
And in those circumstances is n’t it reasonable that someone will challenge their claim .
The more important and influential the previous owner , the more likely his heirs will want his equipment returned .
This is an interesting scenario that most adventures are likely to face as they earn more XP and become better known .
In this circumstance what ’s a PC to do ?
Why bother risking life and limb to fight monsters if the treasures you find along the way are claimed by previous owners or their heirs ?
Perhaps this is one of those instances where we should n’t try to apply real life logic to D&D .
We need to just accept that when someone dies in D&D all of the possessions on their body becomes fair game .
The DM in me sees this as an interesting situation that has a lot of good role - playing potential .
The most obvious situation is the one we keep describing where the PCs are asked to relinquish their latest find .
But it can work the other way too .
Perhaps the PCs are looking for an item themselves .
A mentor or a patron was killed with a legendary blade in his possession .
The PCs see someone else with it and attempt to claim it .
Suddenly they ’re on the other side of this situation .
All things considered , this kind of encounter would get pretty stale pretty fast so I do n’t think this is something I ’d likely use very often .
However , having it happen every now and then might be a sufficient eye open for the players .
Maybe every once and a while they ’ll actually try to find out who these items belonged to before they just take them for themselves .
They may not end up returning the items , but some PCs may want to do the right thing by making the effort to identify who it belonged to previously .
Is this a situation you ’d ever include in your campaign ?
Do you think the argument has merit or is finders keepers the best way to handle found treasures ?
If your PC discovered who owned their favourite magical treasure before they did would he do anything about it ?
Looking for instant updates ?
Subscribe to the Dungeon ’s Master feed !
Pin 5 Shares
It ain't easy being cheesy .
Mr. Cheetah first made this sage observation back in the ' 80s , and it certainly still applies to the manufacture of his favorite bright - orange snack .
Turning a hunk of cornmeal into a knobby Cheeto may take only a few minutes , but it requires a fine - tuned industrial dance that leaves no room for error .
Frito - Lay 's quality - control folks will not tolerate anything less than maximum crunchiness .
MINUTES ELAPSED
0:00 to 1:00
Gritty cornmeal stored in a silo is pumped about 100 yards through a pneumatic tube into a Cheetos manufacturing plant .
( Frito - Lay has 14 fried - Cheeto plants in 11 states . )
The cornmeal then enters a giant hopper , where it awaits its rapid transformation into one of America 's most beloved snacks .
Entering the extruder .
1:00 to 1:10
Gobs of cornmeal are fed into an extruder , which rubs the meal between two metal plates .
The friction melts the starch in the corn and causes the moisture to heat up .
When it passes its boiling point , the meal " pops , " creating the Cheetos shape .
The craggy bits are then spit out of the extruder , flying 3 feet at high velocity before hitting a safety cage and dropping onto a conveyor belt .
Conveyor belt .
1:40 to 2:40
The Cheetos move through a piping - hot pan of vegetable oil , much like an amusement - park log flume .
The oil not only imparts a fatty flavor but also fries the snack 's moisture content down below 2 percent — a key to crunchiness .
Once suitably cooked , the pieces go back on a conveyor belt .
Ready to ship .
8:00 to 9:00
The puffs hit a tumble drum , where strategically located nozzles spray a mixture of oil and powdered cheese onto the Cheetos from all sides .
The cheese , which Frito - Lay buys pre-spiced in 50 - pound sacks ( the company wo n't say from whom ) , looks like the stuff used in boxed macaroni - and - cheese products .
9:00 to 19:00
The pieces are dropped onto a last conveyor belt , where any remaining moisture steams off as they cool to room temperature .
The finished Cheetos are then moved toward the packaging area , to be bagged , boxed , and shipped .
Tasting panel .
Quality Control
Every half hour , an in - house lab analyzes the chemical composition of samples pulled from the cooking line to verify that the Cheetos have the right density and nutritional content .
Then , every four hours , a four - person panel convenes to inspect and taste the snacks , comparing them to perfect reference Cheetos sent from Frito - Lay headquarters .
Photos : Michael Schmelling
When Players Kill the Campaign
Players inevitably do the unexpected .
A good DM anticipates the most likely options and plans for them .
After all there are only so many choices during a dungeon crawl .
But what happens when the unexpected scenario involves the characters themselves and not the choices they make ?
How can a DM prepare for players who want to changes their characters without warning ?
How is the long - term camping affected when the players decide that they want to try something new ?
We recently returned to a campaign that ’s been collecting dust since 3.5e .
Everyone was really excited about starting up again because we ended it on a cliffhanger .
With over a year already invested in the camping there was substantial foundation already in place for the next chapter .
During the down - time I ’d plotted out the campaign progression through the entire paragon tier .
But before we could proceed everyone needed to re-imagine their character using 4e mechanics .
4e D&D presented the players with a lot of new character options .
Not only are the classes full of variation in and of themselves , but there are new classes and new races not previous available in 3.5e .
After about 10 sessions into the campaign four of the five players decided that they wanted to play different characters .
Some of them said that their character just did n’t feel the same in 4e as they did in 3.5 and others just wanted to try some of the new mechanics – both of these being perfectly acceptable reasons as far as I was concerned .
As the DM I want the players to have fun .
If they do n’t want to keep playing their current character , I have no objection to letting them change PCs .
But this is the first time that more than one player decided to change his character at the same time another player .
That puts me , as the DM , in a strange situation .
How do I proceed ?
My original story assumed that the party makeup would be unchanged .
A lot of my plot points and interesting role - playing encounters were tailored to the specific PCs , their abilities , and more importantly their previous and continuous involvement in the greater story .
By throwing new PCs into the mix a lot of the reasons for why things are happening do n’t make a whole lot of sense any more .
My initial thought was to scrap the current campaign and just start something new .
After all , none of the characters have a shared history and only one of them knows the campaign history .
Forcing the newcomers down the path of the existing story seems difficult and unfair to them .
But when I broached this topic with the players they all said they like the current campaign story and they all want to keep playing it .
For the past two weeks we ’ve been trying to figure out how and why these PCs would come together and stay together as a party .
For now we ’ve used the most boring and typical motivation – treasure .
But my gaming group is very experienced and very hard - core .
They generally want something more out of their role - playing game experience .
So we struggle to find a common goal and still stick to the campaign as originally envisioned for a totally different group of characters .
So far we have n’t resolved this issue .
This entire experience has me looking at the way I design my campaigns .
As the PCs are developed through game play and become more recognizable as actual characters , I try to incorporate a lot of that into my game .
The rewards are tremendous and the players feel really connected to the campaign .
But using this campaign development strategy has come back to bite me .
I ’ve tailored the game so much to those characters that it just is n’t he same with a new party .
In a way it ’s almost impossible to proceed without them .
For the first time in a long time I actually see the value in the short , one - off adventures like the RPGA Living Forgotten Realms ( LFR ) games .
The biggest complaint I ’ve heard from people playing these adventuress is that there is no senses of continuity .
They adventures are designed to accommodate a party of six PC , regardless of their classes or races .
Because you will likely play with different people and different character every week , you loose the camaraderie gained by playing a long - term home game .
The complete containment of the adventure week - to - week means that changes like the one we ’re experiencing now have no impact to the game .
The players show up , play the PC they want to play and the game moves ahead .
So I ’m in a situation where I need to find some happy middle ground .
I think the LFR example is too far away from where I want to be , but the methodology I ’ve used up to this point might be to restrictive .
I suppose I need to try and design the campaign to play to the current party , but not to do it to such as extreme that the loosing a PC will destroy the campaign entirely .
Have other DMs experienced this problem ?
How have you handled mass exodus of characters form a campaign ?
Do you design your adventures so closely to the party ’s current make up that roster changes would essentially kill the campaign ?
Looking for instant updates ?
Subscribe to the Dungeon ’s Master feed !
Pin 3 Shares
SayaSP Profile Blog Joined February 2007 Laos 5491 Posts # 1
Diamond League
Listen
Download
+ Show Spoiler [ lyrics ] +
I wanna be in diamond league so fricking bad
get up to the rank i never had
i wanna be on teamliquids only front page
Smiling next to orb and his nerdrage
Oh every time I close my eyes
all i see is mules fly by
A different matchup every night oh
I swear the world better prepare
For when I make it up there
I 'm on bnet playin my placements
but im gettin dropped man im hatin this
i just wanna get to my deserved rank
get to where they maybe do n't stank
and im done with a meta game
i realize theres no place in a beta game
because i know i play the better game
because i know i really got game
diamond league are you ready for this
im a superior strategist
no you couldnt and not ever
because i am the greatest forever
every time I close my eyes
( whatcha see whatcha see brah )
i see them warp in some new guys
( uh huh , uh huh )
A different matchup every night oh
( uh , yeah yeah yeah )
I swear the world better prepare
For when I make it up there
i be playin games with best of em
and they say im bestin them
and then i compliment them on build order perfectionist
toss a few games in the air just for the hell of it
its just practice though , completely separate
ill be in a whole new proleague
with players from both sides of overseas
and well play tthe tournament for 1st place
our team will all be so ace
when we finally get that trophy
we can yell all the other dudes be so free
stream chat erupts hell yeah
and that 's when i realize im there
I wanna be in diamond league so fricking bad
( so bad )
get up to the rank i never had
( diamond )
i wanna be on teamliquids only front page
Smiling next to orb and his nerdrage
( wassup orb lal )
Oh every time I close my eyes
( whatcha see whatcha see brah )
all i see is lings run by
( uh huh uh huh what else )
A different matchup every night oh
( yea yea yea )
I swear the world better prepare
( for what ? )
For when I make it up there
I wanna be in diamond league so fuckin bad
SayaStyle Archive
So I was karaoke - ing by myself and I was like yo I have n't done a song in a while !
Then I was like man SC2 Beta been out for like months !
Then I was like okay cool !
And did this shit .
yeahhhhhhhhh do n't mind bad chorus singing its my fault .
dododododo [ iHs ] SSP | I -NO -KI BOM - BA -YE | のヮ の http://tinyurl.com/MLIStheCV , MLIS .
A video of what appears to be Dallas Cowboys owner / general manager Jerry Jones disparaging former Cowboys coach Bill Parcells and Heisman Trophy winner Tim Tebow surfaced Tuesday .
The dimly lit video , which shows what appears to be Jones in a social setting , includes references to Parcells being hired to help Jones gain momentum to build the new Cowboys Stadium and that Jones would n't draft Tebow because " he 'd never get on the field . "
It first appeared on the Web site Deadspin.com .
The Cowboys declined to comment on the video when asked Tuesday night by ESPNDallas.com .
The video does not include a date stamp , so it is unknown when it was taken .
Sometimes you want to write a batch of utility methods that can be accessed from a module for example Utility.parse_something ( string ) or any number of useful little tools for your application .
Here ’s a very clean - looking way to achieve it :
module Utilities extend self def parse_something ( string ) # do stuff here end def other_utility_method ( number , string ) # do some more stuff end end 1 module Utilities extend self def parse_something ( string ) # do stuff here end def other_utility_method ( number , string ) # do some more stuff end end
By placing " extend self " at the top of the module , you are telling it to include all of the methods defined on your module as class methods on …your module .
Which means that you can now access them like other class methods !
While there are other ways to do this , I think this is a very semantically clean way that gets it done quite nicely .
Update :
And this is exactly why I post these Quick Tips , because sometimes there ’s another solution that I had n’t heard of !
Using Ruby ’s module_function you can achieve the same effect :
module Utilities module_function def parse_something ( string ) # do stuff here end def other_utility_method ( number , string ) # do some more stuff end end 1 module Utilities module_function def parse_something ( string ) # do stuff here end def other_utility_method ( number , string ) # do some more stuff end end
When people become infected by HIV , it ’s usually only a matter of time , barring drug intervention , until they develop full - blown AIDS .
However , a small number of people exposed to the virus progress very slowly to AIDS — and some never develop the disease at all .
In the late 1990s , researchers showed that a very high percentage of those naturally HIV - immune people , who represent about one in 200 infected individuals , carry a gene called HLA B57 .
Now a team of researchers from the Ragon Institute of Massachusetts General Hospital , MIT and Harvard has revealed a new effect that contributes to this gene ’s ability to confer immunity .
The research team , led by MIT Professor Arup Chakraborty and Harvard Professor Bruce Walker of MGH , found that the HLA B57 gene causes the body to make more potent killer T cells — white blood cells that help defend the body from infectious invaders .
Patients with the gene have a larger number of T cells that bind strongly to more pieces of HIV protein than people who do not have the gene .
This makes the T cells more likely to recognize cells that express HIV proteins , including mutated versions that arise during infection .
This effect contributes to superior control of HIV infection ( and any other virus that evolves rapidly ) , but it also makes those people more susceptible to autoimmune diseases , in which T cells attack the body ’s own cells .
This new knowledge , described in the May 5 online edition of Nature , could help researchers develop vaccines that provoke the same response to HIV that individuals with HLA B57 muster on their own , says Walker , who is director of the Ragon Institute and a professor at Harvard Medical School .
“ HIV is slowly revealing itself , ” says Walker .
“ This is another point in our favor in the fight against the virus , but we have a long way to go .
” Chakraborty , a professor of chemical engineering , chemistry and biological engineering who specializes in theoretical and computational studies of the immune system , undertook this study after Walker told him about the phenomenon of HLA B57 - induced immunity .
Chakraborty was also intrigued by the fact that people who carry the HLA B57 gene also are more likely to develop autoimmune disorders .
Chakraborty , Walker and their colleagues focused on killer T cells , one of two types of T cells that play an important role in the immune response .
Most killer T cells are genetically unique and recognize different pieces of foreign proteins , known as epitopes , attached to the surface of cells that have been infected by viruses or bacteria .
After a killer T cell grabs hold of such a protein , it becomes activated and starts sweeping the body for more cells that express the same protein , so it can kill them .
It also clones itself to produce an army of T cells targeting the invader .
The new Ragon Institute study shows that individuals with the HLA B57 gene produce larger numbers of killer T cells that are cross-reactive , meaning they can attack more than one epitope associated with HIV , including mutants that arise to escape activated killer T cells .
The finding offers hope that researchers could design a vaccine to help draw out cross-reactive T cells in people who do n’t have the HLA B57 gene .
“ It ’s not that they do n’t have cross- reactive T cells , ” says Chakraborty .
“ They do have them , but they ’re much rarer , and we think they might be coaxed into action with the right vaccine .
” The work is a valuable contribution to scientists ’ understanding of HIV , says David Baltimore , professor of biology and former president of Caltech .
“ This is a remarkable paper because it starts from a clinical observation , integrates it with experimental observations , generates a valuable model and derives from the model a deep understanding of the behavior of the human immune system .
Rarely does one read a paper that stretches the mind so surprisingly far , ” says Baltimore , a Nobel laureate in physiology or medicine who now studies HIV and human T cell interactions .
Chakraborty and colleagues had previously developed computational models of T - cell development in the thymus , an organ located behind the breastbone through which T cells must pass in order to become mature killers .
There they undergo a selection process designed to weed out cells that might attack the body ’s own cells ( which display pieces of human proteins on their surface ) .
T cells must also demonstrate that they can bind weakly to some human protein fragments .
Only a tiny percentage of T cells pass these tests and are allowed to leave the thymus and circulate in the body to defend against viruses , other diseases , and cancerous cells .
Inside the thymus , T cells are exposed to “ self - peptides ” — small human protein fragments — bound to HLA proteins .
Chakraborty and co-workers had previously shown that the diversity of self - peptide fragments presented in the thymus influences the kinds of T cells a person can produce .
The type and number of self - peptides expressed are determined by the HLA genes , which have hundreds of distinct forms , including HLA B57 .
Each person carries up to six of them ( three inherited from each parent ) .
Using data from previous studies , the Ragon team found that HLA B57 protein presents fewer types of self - peptides than most other HLA proteins .
( HLA B27 is another protein that presents few types of self - peptides and also appears to protect against HIV and promote autoimmune disorders . )
In this study , Chakraborty and postdoctoral fellow Elizabeth Read and graduate student Andrej Kosmrlj , lead authors of the paper , used their computer model to study what happens when maturing T cells are exposed to only a small diversity of self - peptides in the thymus .
T cells with receptors that bind strongly to any of the self - peptides in the thymus are forced to undergo cell suicide , because of their potential to attack the body ’s own cells .
Chakraborty and co-workers showed that this means that , for most individuals , most of the body ’s T cells have receptors that bind to targeted viral proteins via a number of weak interactions , with each interaction making a significant contribution to the binding .
Thus , a single mutation to an HIV peptide can potentially evade the immune response .
A different scenario unfolds in people who have the HLA B57 gene .
Using their computer model , Chakraborty and colleagues showed that , because those individuals ’
T cells are exposed to fewer self - peptides in the thymus , T cells with receptors that mediate strong binding to viral proteins via just a few important contacts are more likely to escape the thymus .
This makes these T cells more cross-reactive to targeted HIV peptide mutants , because as long as those points in the viral proteins do n’t mutate , the T cells are still effective .
The model also showed that once those T cells are released into the bloodstream , they can effectively attack HIV proteins , even when the virus mutates .
This model also explains why people with the HLA B57 gene have autoimmune problems :
Their T cells are more likely to bind strongly to human peptides not encountered in the thymus .
The computational studies explained many puzzles , but also made a prediction : Individuals with HLA genes that result in a display of fewer self - peptides should control HIV ( and other viruses like hepatitis C virus ) better .
To test this prediction , the researchers studied nearly 2,000 patients — 1,100 “ HIV controllers ” and 800 who progressed normally to AIDS , and confirmed that this appears to be true .
The melding of complementary approaches — clinical studies , basic immunology and computations rooted in engineering and the physical sciences — exemplified by this study is part of the mission of the Ragon Institute , founded last year to support discovery of an effective AIDS vaccine .
The idea is to break down the “ scientific silos ” in which many researchers work , says Walker .
“ Because of the Ragon funding , Arup and I had a conversation we never would have otherwise had , ” he says .
“ We probably never would have met .
” There are now a few dozen researchers working on Ragon - funded HIV studies , and Walker believes those new collaborations can lead to many more successes .
“ There are people out there who have never worked on HIV problems that have something to immediately contribute , and this is a great example of that , ” he says .
“ We have not yet brought the full potential of scientific knowledge to bear on trying to do something about HIV , which remains a horrific global problem .
” The research was also partly funded by Chakraborty ’s NIH Director ’s Pioneer Award .
“ Combining fundamental understanding of molecular mechanisms underlying immune function with computational methods for scanning large numbers of sequences allowed the development of a powerful explanation for a problem of great importance to public health .
Such interdisciplinary research results are one of the goals of the NIH Director ’s Pioneer Award program , ” says Jeremy M. Berg , director of the National Institute of General Medical Sciences .
Psychiatric Drugging Of Infants And Toddlers In The US - Part I
By Evelyn Pringle
19 April , 2010
Countercurrents.org
Read Part II
The United States has become the psychiatric drugging capital of the world for kids with children being medicated at a younger and younger age .
Medicaid records in some states show infants less than a year old on drugs for mental disorders .
The use of powerful antipsychotics with privately insured children , aged 2 through 5 in the US , doubled between 1999 and 2007 , according to a study of data on more than one million children with private health insurance in the January , 2010 , " Journal of the American Academy of Child & Adolescent Psychiatry . "
The number of children in this age group diagnosed with bipolar disorder also doubled over the last decade , Reuters reported .
Of antipsychotic - treated children in the 2007 study sample , the most common diagnoses were pervasive developmental disorder or mental retardation ( 28.2 % ) , ADHD ( 23.7 % ) , and disruptive behavior disorder ( 12.9 % ) .
The study reported that fewer than half of drug treated children received a mental health assessment ( 40.8 % ) , a psychotherapy visit ( 41.4 % ) , or a visit with a psychiatrist ( 42.6 % ) during the year of antipsychotic use .
" Antipsychotics , which are being widely and irresponsibly prescribed for American children -- mostly as chemical restraints -- are shown to be causing irreparable harm , " warned Vera Hassner Sharav , president of the Alliance for Human Research Protection , in a February 26 , 2010 InfoMail .
" These drugs have measurable severe hazardous effects on vital biological systems , including : cardiovascular adverse effects that result in shortening lives ; metabolic adverse effects that induce diabetes and the metabolic syndrome , " she wrote .
" Long - term use of antipsychotics has been shown to result in metabolic syndrome in 40 % to 50 % of patients . "
The lead researcher on the study above , Columbia University psychiatry professor Mark Olfson , told Reuters that about 1.5 % of all privately insured children between the ages of 2 and 5 , or one in 70 , received some type of psychiatric drug in 2007 , be it an antipsychotic , a mood stabilizer , a stimulant or an antidepressant .
Psychiatric drugs bathe the brains of growing children with agents that threaten the normal development of the brain , according to Dr Peter Breggin , founder of the International Center for the Study of Psychiatry and Psychology ( ICSPP ) , and author of about 20 books , including " Medication Madness . "
The drugs themselves are causing severe disorders in millions of children in the US , he warns .
" Substances like antidepressants , stimulants , mood stabilizers , and antipsychotic drugs cause severe , and potentially permanent , biochemical imbalances . "
American Phenomenon
A number of presentations at the annual meeting of the American Psychiatric Association in May 2009 , addressed the diagnosis of bipolar disorder , including one titled , " Pediatric Bipolar Disorder : A Critical Look at an American Phenomenon , " at which Dr Peter Parry , a consultant child & adolescent psychiatrist , and senior lecturer at Flinders University in Australia , presented a survey on , " Australian and New Zealand 's Child and Adolescent Psychiatrists '
Views on Bipolar Disorder Prevalence and on Rates of Pediatric Bipolar Disorder in the USA . "
Dr Parry and his colleagues conducted a survey of child and adolescent psychiatrists in Australia and New Zealand .
Of the 199 psychiatrists who responded to the survey , 90.5 % thought pediatric bipolar disorder was overdiagnosed in the US .
In an October 1 , 2009 article titled , " Medicating Our Children , " Dr Parry reports that since " the mid-1990s in the USA , some researchers have claimed that Paediatric Bipolar Disorder ( PBD ) frequently starts prior to puberty . "
One of PBD 's main proponents , Harvard University 's Professor Joseph Biederman , stating onset " is squarely in the preschooler age group , " he notes .
Parry explains that " PBD has been created by moving the diagnostic goalposts away from traditional concepts of bipolar disorder . "
" In children , " he says , " episodes were redefined to last hours instead of days or weeks and , instead of manic elation , severe anger in children sufficed as mania . "
" Unlike diagnoses like ADHD or depression , or simply accepting a child has serious emotional and behavioural problems in reaction to various stressors , PBD implies a lifelong severe mental illness requiring of strong psychiatric medication , " Parry warns .
" In the USA , " he says , " the public is furthermore exposed to direct pharmaceutical advertising that can feed the natural desire parents of distressed and aggressive children have for a quick solution by suggesting a simple medication fix . "
" The medicating of America 's children has become intensely controversial , highlighted by the tragic case of Rebecca Riley , a four - year - old Boston girl diagnosed at 28 months old with ADHD and PBD , " he points out .
On April 7 , 2009 , the author of the book , " Shyness : How Normal Behavior Became a Sickness , " Christopher Lane , featured an interview on his Psychology Today blog , " Side Effects , " with journalist , Philip Dawdy , the creator of the popular website , Furious Seasons , and discussed the rising number of children being diagnosed with bipolar disorder .
" As for bipolar disorder in kids ( meaning pre-teens and younger ) , it 's simply not an issue in the rest of the world , " Dawdy told Lane .
" The bipolar child is a purely American phenomenon . "
" The pharma companies and the Harvard crew worked hand - in - hand to bring America a generation of ADHD kids and bipolar children , and their profound influence can be seen in the millions of children and teens who now carry lifetime diagnoses and take gobs of psychotropic drugs each day , often to their detriment , " he advised .
Lane asked for Dawdy 's opinion on a recent report in the St Petersburg Times that found 23 infants less than one - year - old had been prescribed antipsychotics in Florida in 2007 , as well as the drug overdose death of 4 - year - old Rebecca Riley in Massachusetts .
" How is it possible for psychiatrists to continue prescribing to infants in such numbers without more oversight ? "
Lane asked .
" What 's gone on with antipsychotics prescribed to infants and toddlers is simply inexplicable to me , " Dawdy said .
" The drugs are known to cause huge problems in adults , so why the heck would a doctor give them to little kids , especially infants ?
It boggles my small mind . "
" I 'm no fan of bans or restrictions , " he told Lane , " but this does strike me as a situation where there needs to be a serious rethinking of what we are doing — and maybe there should be a ban on the use of these drugs in kids under , say , 6 years of age . "
An October 2007 report by the University of South Florida found the most common diagnosis for antipsychotic use with children in Florida ’s Medicaid program , between July and December 2005 , was ADHD .
Roughly 54 % , or 1,372 cases , involved prescriptions for children five and under and the total number of antipsychotic users in this young age group was 2,549 , with all disorders combined , according to the report .
Increased Prescribing to Poor Children
Federally funded research published online in December , 2009 , revealed that children covered by Medicaid were prescribed antipsychotics at a rate four time higher than children with private insurance .
The data showed that more than 4 % of children in Medicaid fee - for - service programs received antipsychotics , compared to less than 1 % of privately insured youth .
The study found Medicaid kids were more likely to receive antipsychotics for unapproved uses such as ADHD and conduct disorders than privately insured children .
The researchers examined records for children in seven states for the years 2001 and 2004 , chosen as representative of the US Medicaid population .
But more recent data through 2007 indicates that the disparity has remained , said Stephen Crystal , a Rutgers professor who led the study , according to the December 11 , 2009 , New York Times .
Antipsychotics were the top selling class of drugs in both 2008 and 2009 .
With sales of $ 14.6 billion in 2009 , they brought in more than the $ 13.6 billion earned by both heart burn and cholesterol medications .
Antidepressants ranked fourth with sales of $ 9.9 billion , according to data by IMS Health .
In 2008 , the drug makers took in $ 11.3 billion from antiseizure drugs and $ 4.8 billion from ADHD drugs .
In a new book titled , " Anatomy of an Epidemic : Magic Bullets , Psychiatric Drugs , and the Astonishing Rise of Mental Illness in America , " Robert Whitaker reports that the number of children on government disability rolls due to severe mental illness has increased more than 35 - fold since 1987 .
The book explores the question of whether the epidemic rise in people disabled by mental illness , among all age groups in the US over the past 20 years , could have been fueled by a drug - based paradigm of care .
It also explores what is happening to children over the long - term who are placed on psychiatric drugs .
" Once again , science tells a very clear story , and , as you might imagine , it is one that — when you think of the millions of children so affected — makes you want to weep , " Whitaker stated in a March 26 , 2010 , notice for the book 's release on the Beyond Meds Website .
( Evelyn Pringle is an investigative journalist focused on exposing corruption in government and corporate America )
( This report is one of a series of articles focused on the rising rates of psychiatric drugging in the US and is sponsored by the International Center for the Study of Psychiatry and Psychology )
Does fried chicken actually promote cancer ?
The Komen pinkwashing fraud
The cruelty of Susan G. Komen for the Cure
The toxic ingredients in KFC foods
KFC 's ingredients are toxic to human health ?
Destruction of the rainforest
Susan G. Komen , cancer industry front group
Think Products ?
Think again ...
Stop thinking and just buy stuff , you fools !
Can Eating Junk Food Cure Breast Cancer ?
( NaturalNews ) Susan G. Komen for the Cure has now crossed the line into asinine idiocy thanks to its new alliance with Kentucky Fried Chicken ( KFC ) , where pink buckets of fried chicken are sold under the slogan , " Buckets for the Cure . "
I 'm not making this up .
See the ad image yourself at : https://www.naturalnews.com/images/KFC-PinkCh...
This idea that buying fried chicken is actually going to cure cancer is one of the most utterly idiotic health ideas yet witnessed in American pop culture .
Komen for the Cure is so far gone from reality that the organization apparently does n't even think twice about suggesting such an absurd idea .
Eat more fried chicken , folks , and then what ?
Loading up on that kind of a diet is more likely to cause you tothan to find a cure for cancer .
Fried chicken , you see , is coated in starches .
The recipe for the KFC chicken batter is basically flour , sugar , salt , black pepper and ( MSG ) .
All by itself , this is a recipe for chronic degenerative disease because the flour and sugar are highly processed , and the MSG is anthat Dr. Russell Blaylock links to obesity , cancer and neurological disorders .
And the chicken meat itself ?
That 's another cruel story on top of that ( read more below ) .
When you fry starches at high temperatures , you also create , toxic chemical by - products of cooking that are believed by many health experts to promote cancer ( https://www.naturalnews.com/acrylamides.html ) .
One scientific study , for example , demonstrated that .
Acrylamides are also linked to ovarian cancer .
So now we 've got Susan G. Komen for the Cure actually promoting foods .
It just boggles the mind , but it 's entirely consistent with what I 've said about Komen for the Cure in the past :
The organization is a drug - company - funded front group that actuallyin my opinion .
I see it as engaged in outright fraud by scamming consumers out of their money while claiming to be " searching for a cure " when , in reality , most of the money raised by the group actually goes to pay for more mammograms thatcancer ( https://www.naturalnews.com/027742_mammograph... ) .
If Susan G. Komen for the Cure were using such tactics to promote herbal remedies , it would have been shut down and its executives arrested long ago as fraudulent quacks .
But because the group is so strongly aligned with the profiteering , powerful drug companies , it continues to get away with these utterly fraudulent marketing gimmicks without suffering a single investigation from the FTC , Dept. of Justice or even any mainstream newspaper .
Why is it that Komen for the Cure can actually promote products thatcancer and no one seems to notice the outright hypocrisy ?
Why are n't the quack - watching websites screaming about the quackery of selling cancer - causing foods to raise money to fight cancer ?
Why is n't 20/20 or 60 Minutes or some other television investigative show taking a look at the outright fraud being perpetrated against consumers ?
Where are the comedian hosts of the show " B.S. " when it comes to exposing the fraud and quackery of the cancer industry ?
The silence tells you everything :
The cancer industry gets a free pass .
As long as these organizations run around toting pink ribbons , they can get away with anything ... including fraud .
It 's not just about fried chicken promoting cancer , by the way .
By linking up with KFC , Susan G. Komen is also promoting Undercover investigations of KFC chicken suppliers , conducted by PETA ( www.PETA.org ) , have shown chickens being beaten , thrown against walls , abused and even spray - painted by malicious workers .
The website www.KentuckyFriedCruelty.com reveals the horrifying details of how KFC suppliers treat chickens before they are served up to consumers in pink " Komen for the Cure " buckets :
The actions of KFC suppliers against chicken are so unbelievably cruel and inhumane that evenhas spoken out against it .
Celebrities like Pamela Anderson have boycotted KFC , saying : " Cruelty is cruelty , and KFC is being cruel in the extreme .
I am calling for a boycott of all KFC restaurants until my friends at PETA tell me that you have agreed to be kinder in your practices .
" Her friends include His Holiness the Dalai Lama , Phil Collins , Fall Out Boy , Pink , Paul McCartney , The Black Eyed Peas , the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ( NAACP ) President and CEO Kweisi Mfume , among others .
( http://edition.cnn.com/2003/BUSINESS/10/17/a...
Here 's a more complete list of those speaking out against KFC 's cruelty :
http://www.kentuckyfriedcruelty.com/c-celebs...
Undercover investigations of KFC have also exposed some extremely disturbing cases of bizarre cruelty .
As explained at http://www.kentuckyfriedcruelty.com/u-underc...
By allying itself with KFC , Susan G. Komen for the Cure is endorsing animal cruelty .
It is promoting an extremely unhealthy product line containing chemicals linked to cancer , and it 's doing all this under the fraudulent marketing claim of " raising money to cure cancer .
" But the story gets even more disturbing when you look at thein KFC foods ... Kentucky Fried Chicken is one of the fast food industry 's largest users of MSG .
This taste - exciting chemical ( excitotoxin ) is found in so many of KFCs products that it 's nearly impossible to eat a typical meal at KFC without ingesting it .
KFC has also traditionally used oils containing trans fats , thereby exposing its customers to ingredients that promote heart disease .
A few years ago , the CSPI filed a lawsuit against KFC to try to force it to switch to trans - fat - free oils .
The result ?
" In October 2006 , KFC announced that it would begin frying its chicken in trans fat - free oil .
This would also apply to their potato wedges and other fried foods , however , the biscuits , macaroni and cheese , and mashed potatoes would still contain trans fat .
Trans fat - free soybean oil was introduced in all KFC restaurants in the U.S. by April 30 , 2007 . " ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KFC
What 's interesting about all this is that even the founder of KFC , , was strongly critical of the way the corporate profiteers altered his original recipe after buying the company .
KFC was bought out in 1964 , and Colonel Sanders soon said this : ( Ritzer , George , 2004 .
The McDondaldization of Society .
New York : Pine Forge Press. p. 64 . ) What other chemical ingredients might you find in KFC foods ?
The company actually publishes a list of ingredients for its menu items .
I went through that list and found all the following ingredients on the KFC menu : • Partially hydrogenated soybean oil ( contains trans fats ) •
High - Fructose Corn Syrup ( linked to diabetes ) • Monosodium Glutamate ( MSG ) ( linked to cancer ) •
Titanium Dioxide ( used in sunscreen ) • Yellow # 5 ( chemical coloring ) • Propylene Glycol ( used as antifreeze in RVs ) • Rendered Beef Fat ( gross ) • Red # 40 ( another chemical coloring ) •
Sodium nitrite ( linked to pancreatic cancer ) •
Soy Protein Concentrate ( may be processed with hexane ) • Sugar ( refined ) • Sodium Benzoate ( chemical preservative ) • Hydrolyzed Corn , Soy and Wheat Protein ( may contain hidden MSG ) • Beef Extract ( eww ) • Corn Syrup Solids ( more processed sugars ) • Liquid Margarine• Sodium Caseinate• Autolyzed Yeast Extract ( another hidden source of MSG ) ... and lots more .
Read the ingredients yourself at : Just so you know how all these chemicals come together , here 's an ingredients list from just ONE product on the KFC menu : Boneless Wings .
See if you can count : ( emphasis added ) Wing Shaped White Chicken Fritter Pieces , Seasoning ( Salt , , Garlic Powder , Spice Extractives , and Onion Powder ) , Soy Protein Concentrate , Rice Starch , Sodium Phosphates .
Battered With : Water , Wheat Flour , Leavening ( Sodium Acid Pyrophosphate , Sodium Bicarbonate , Monocalcium Phosphate ) , Salt , Dextrose , and .
Breaded With : Wheat Flour , Salt , Soy Flour , Leavening ( Sodium Acid Pyrophosphate and Sodium Bicarbonate ) , , Nonfat Dry Milk , Dextrose , Extractives of Tumeric and Extractives of Annatto .
Predusted With : Wheat Flour , Wheat Gluten , Salt , Dried Egg Whites , Leavening ( Sodium Acid Pyrophosphate , and Sodium Bicarbonate ) , and Spice , Breading set in Vegetable Oil .
Gee , just what America needs to be healthy , huh ?
Fried MSG .
As reported about KFC on Wikipedia : • KFC has been accused by Greenpeace of a large destruction of the Amazon Rainforest because the supply of soy used for chicken food that KFC receives from Cargill has been traced back to the European KFC .
Cargill has reportedly been exporting soy illegally for several years .
... Greenpeace has called on KFC to stop purchasing soy from Cargill , to avoid contributing to the destruction of the Amazon .
According to a press release issued by Greenpeace , • Recent Greenpeace investigations have traced the chain of rainforest destruction directly from the heart of the Amazon , via Cargill 's facility , to KFC 's European restaurants , which sell bucket - loads of cheap soya - fed chicken to millions of people every day .
Add all this up , and you get a frightening picture of what Susan G. Komen for the Cure actually stands for .
By aligning itself with KFC :• Komen for the Cure endorses cancer - causing foods . •
Komen for the Cure supports extreme animal cruelty . •
Komen for the Cure is contributing to the destruction of the rainforest . •
Komen for the Cure is destroying health while claiming to protect it .
I believe that Susan G. Komen for the Cure isthat actually .
It seems to me that the group has no intention of ever curing anything .
The word " cure " is just a marketing gimmick used to extract money from gullible consumers .
Conventional medicine does n't even believe in a cure for cancer !
Notice , too , how Komen for the Cure absolutely refuses to teach women about vitamin D ?
Where is the anti-cancer nutrition message that could help women prevent breast cancer ?
It 's nowhere to be found .
Instead of teaching women how to be healthy , Komen for the Cure is out there
Of course , it 's all good business for the drug companies and medical imaging companies that give money to Komen for the Cure .
The organization 's biggest sponsors are -- surprise ! -- the corporations that profit from cancer through chemotherapy and radiation .
To them , Komen for the Cure is n't really abouta cure for cancer ; it 's aboutso that they can sell more drugs and radiotherapy that keeps more patients locked into a cycle of dependence on toxic cancer treatments .
See , if you want to cause cancer , one way to do it is towith mammogram machines .
Another way is to promote foods laced with chemicals that cause cancer .
Susan G. Komen for the Cure doesYou know who else partners with Susan G. Komen for the Cure from the natural products industry ? actually held a Susan G. Komen " fashion show " at Expo West a couple of years ago .
Here 's the language that was used to describe this :
Gee , were they serving greasy buckets of fried chicken there , too ?
So I wonder if ThinkProducts CEO Lizanne Falsetto still endorses Komen for the Cure now that they 're pushing buckets of fried chicken made with MSG ?
Maybe they 'll come out with a " No - Think Bar " laced with MSG and Sodium Nitrite , just like you find in KFC menu items .
That 's really the whole theme of the pink ribbon cancer industry fraud anyway , is n't it ?
Just buy crap .
If it 's pink , just buy it .
Do n't even think about it .
Do n't ask questions like " Where is this money going " or " How does this money actually help cure cancer ? "
Or , relevant to this article , " How does eating fried chicken cure breast cancer ?
" Because if you ask those question , you 'll get some surprising answers :
The cancer industry is n't even looking for cures for cancer , folks .
The cancer scam is just too profitable .
It 's a sweet gig and they 're raking inof dollars from gullible consumers who continue to be victimized by this fraudulent cancer industry and its dishonest non-profit front groups .
This whole idea that you can cure cancer by ordering junk at fast food restaurants is so ludicrous and retarded that when I first saw this , I thought for sure it was a late April Fool 's joke .
But no , this is no joke .
The reputation of Komen for the Cure may be a joke now , but the " Buckets for the Cure " campaign is quite real .
These silly people are seriously fronting buckets of fried chicken and claiming that if you keep eating more fried chicken , they will find the cure for cancer .
What a con .
Just an outright fraud .
These people should frankly just be arrested and prosecuted for fraud .
This is mass - marketing fraud at its worst .
Pinkwashing has a new champion : Buckets for the Cure !
Here are some comments on this story from PRWatch.org : Submitted by Anne Landman on April 21 , 2010 When a company promotes pink - ribboned products and claims to care about breast cancer and while also selling products linked to disease or injury , it 's called pinkwashing , and pinkwashing has taken some pretty outrageous forms in the last few years .
Ford , Mercedes and BMW have all urged people to buy and drive cars in the name of breast cancer , but exhaust from internal combustion engines contains toxic chemicals that are linked to disease .
The Yoplait yogurt company sold pink - lidded yogurt to raise money for breast cancer , while manufacturing products with milk from cows stimulated by the artificial hormone RBGH , which studies show increase the risk of breast cancer .
( Some yogurt companies , including Yoplait , have stopped using RGBH . )
There 's even a breast cancer awareness gun , and we thought that took the cake .
Now KFC is offering yet another new example of pinkwashing : selling pink buckets of fried chicken to " end breast cancer forever . "
In an ironic twist , KFC's " Buckets for the Cure " campaign urges people to buy buckets of unhealthy food to help cure a disease that kills women .
The American Institute for Cancer Research says there is " convincing evidence " that excess body fat increases the risk of postmenopausal breast cancer .
Obesity is also tied to shorter survival rates for women who develop breast cancer .
Like most fast food chains , KFC has an overwhelming presence in communities known to have poor health outcomes , and the Susan G. Komen Foundation certainly must know that such social inequities effect breast cancer mortality rates .
Given all this , " Buckets for the Cure " is a particularly disturbing pinkwashing partnership .
Update : On June 16th , the two men accused of shooting and killing five wild horses on public lands changed their pleas from not guilty to guilty .
They each face up to a year in jail and a fine of up to $ 100,000 .
They will be sentenced on September 14th in Reno .
Federal prosecutors received 24,000 letters and emails about this case , from around the world .
On June 22 , two men will go on trial for allegedly killing five wild horses in Nevada .
The federally protected horses were gunned down in December at a time when the debate over the plight of the country ’s mustangs had reached a fever pitch .
Last week , the men accused of the killing appeared in a Reno courtroom and pleaded not guilty to the crime , as a crew of citizens who have devoted much of their lives to defending wild horses looked on .
It is a sad fact of American life that this horse killing is not an anomaly .
In fact , such episodes have been playing out across our land for decades .
As I learned while working on my book “ Mustang : The Saga of the Wild Horse in the American West , ” a two - pronged war against wild horses is under way and at this moment the country ’s great icon of freedom is losing .
One front in this war involves agencies tasked with wild horse management , primarily the Bureau of Land Management .
It recently carried out a mandated although deadly mustang roundup in Nevada during which foals were harried by helicopter over rough terrain until their hooves apparently fell off and other horses later died of stress and exhaustion .
The other front involves lone operators who venture into the wilderness and kill wild horses — which is illegal , although arrests are rarely made and when they are , the cases often fall apart .
Many of these incidents have occurred in Nevada , where more than half of the country ’s wild horses still roam , having gone there like others to hide .
“ What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas ” may be a cute reflection of the local condition , but behind that is another statement that surfaced in an official piece of state travel literature several years ago : “ Seize life and throttle it like a rag doll . ”
I learned about the war in 1998 , when I saw a small newspaper item that said six wild horses had been gunned down outside Reno in the Virginia Range .
Two days later , the body count had grown to 12 , and shortly after that , by New Year ’s Eve , 34 mustang carcasses were found in the mountains outside Reno .
Within days the tip lines were flooded with calls .
The incident came to be known as “ the Christmas mustang massacre , ” and a few weeks after the discovery of the bodies , there were three arrests ; two of the men were Marines , and one was stationed at Twentynine Palms , Calif .
That ’s both the name and location of my previous book , about another war on the homefront ; in this one , two girls were killed by a Marine in a scenic desert town , shortly after the Gulf War .
In fact , I was finishing up “ Twentynine Palms ” when I learned of the wild horse killings .
Partly because it converged thematically with the mustang incident , but also because horses had once saved my family ’s life and I had long wanted to return the favor , I knew immediately that my next book would be about wild horses , and I would start with the incident that had called me .
To understand it , I had to find out a few things :
How did mustangs come to live in the mountains outside Reno ?
Who would go out and shoot them ?
And , more important , why ?
These questions began a 10 - year journey during which I found out that the story of the wild horse in America is one of the greatest suppressed stories in our history ( not in a conspiratorial sense ) , yet it goes right to the heart of who we are as Americans .
Quite simply , without the mustang , we would not be here : the wild horse blazed our trails , and fought our wars , and , as I soon learned , even gave birth to America .
Who among us has not heard the famous Longfellow poem called “ Paul Revere ’s Ride ? ”
Well , the poem does not tell us that Revere ’s horse had a name — it was Brown Beauty .
She had wild horse bloodlines and , as she carried Revere through the night , her hoofsparks “ kindled the land into flame , ” and she kept on running as the enemy closed in , and then Revere issued the fateful call — “ the British are coming ” — thus triggering the shot heard round the world — the one that reverberates to this day in many places and in many ways , but most of all in our own dream of who we are as a nation .
During my journey on the wild horse trail , I learned many other astonishing things .
One of them is that wild horses were here before we were .
In fact , the horse is North America ’s gift to the world .
It is indigenous to our continent , first appearing on this land 55 million years ago .
Over time , it cast off various lines ; some perished and others did n’t .
As it got bigger and faster and began to resemble the fleet , big - hearted athlete of the modern plains , it moved north across the Bering land bridge during the Ice Age , fanned out from Siberia to the rest of Asia , Europe and the Middle East , then became extinct here .
When Europeans reintroduced horses to the Americas in the 16th century ( they have been linked by DNA to the horses of the Ice Age ) , some escaped and formed wild herds , and others washed ashore during shipwrecks on the East Coast ( most likely including an ancestor of Paul Revere ’s horse ) .
By 1900 , there were 2 million wild horses in America .
By then , the train and car had arrived and horses had done their job :
Many had been pressed into service during the frontier wars and had died in battle .
Others were killed because they belonged to the tribes .
A critical part of the government campaign to vanquish Native Americans was to strip them of their ponies .
Thousands were killed during Army massacres , and when it was all over , and the tribes had been dismounted and moved to reservations , the federal caretaker for Chief Joseph of the Nez Perce asked if there was anything he wanted .
He requested a horse .
His caretaker did n’t understand the significance of the request and denied it — regretting the decision years later , as an old man , long after Chief Joseph had died .
With the frontier closed , mustangs became a cash crop : Hundreds of thousands of them were slaughtered and sent to Europe in tin cans .
Others were shipped abroad for foreign wars .
Until a Nevada character named Wild Horse Annie came along in 1950 and waged a 20 - year battle for legal protections after seeing dying mustangs being hauled to a slaughterhouse , horse roundups and massacres had gone unchecked for decades .
Today there are about 20,000 mustangs left on the range .
Their major predators , such as the mountain lion , have been all but wiped out , and for more than a century their biggest enemy has been man , who desires the land where the mustang roams — and things that it offers .
As I heard many times while working on “ Mustang , ” wild horses are regarded in some circles as “ pests ” or even “ thieves ” — animals that steal food from cows , which also graze on public lands in the West ( at a ratio of about 50 to 1 ) .
And so the double - barreled war continues , with wild horses fending off a brutal campaign fueled by greed but stoked by a strange quirk in the American personality , the one that loves freedom and sings “ do n’t fence me in ” while walling up what ’s wild and selling it to the lowest bidder .
As I wrote in “ Mustang , ” we may be fighting wars around the world , but in the West , to paraphrase the great environmental writer Bernard DeVoto , we are at war with ourselves .
As a result , ours is a history that includes a long list of mustang killings ; I ’ll skip the incidents that occurred before federal protection went into place in 1971 ( the law that was unraveled under the Bush administration and remains in tatters , although a new law called the ROAM Act — Restore Our American Mustangs — awaits attention in Senate committee after passing the House last year by a wide margin ) .
But for the record , let this be known :
In 1973 , in Howe , Idaho , ranchers on snowmobiles and saddle horses chased a herd of 32 mustangs for 45 days , driving them into a narrow canyon and trapping them on a shelf .
Some jumped off the cliff to their deaths .
Others panicked and jammed their hoofs into rocks , breaking their legs .
“ We did n’t know what to do , ” one rancher said .
“ We disposed of them by cutting their legs off .
I mean it was gruesome . ”
A few days later , the dead and mutilated horses were found at the foot of the cliff .
In 1989 , over a period of months in Nevada , at least 500 mustangs were mowed down by rifle fire .
When coyotes came to feed , they too were killed .
In 1992 , 54 burros were gunned down on Good Friday outside Oatman , Ariz .
In the 1998 case mentioned above , 34 wild horses were gunned down outside Reno at Christmastime .
In 1999 , four wild horses and two burros in the Spring Mountains in Nevada were shot and killed .
( In the same year and the same state , this time in Fallon , a grazing and military town , eight cows were raked with automatic weapons , one while giving birth , by two Navy airmen ) .
In 2000 , 37 wild horses were shot to death in the Rock Springs area of Wyoming — one of the largest federally sanctioned livestock grazing regions in the country .
In 2001 , seven wild horses were shot to death in eastern Nevada , and six more later that year .
In 2002 , nine wild horses were gunned down by two ranchers in Utah .
In 2003 , as many as 500 Nevada mustangs — known for the record as the Fish Creek horses — died after being rounded up in an ongoing territorial dispute between a pair of Shoshone Indians and the feds ; they were adopted by a rancher in California but left without food in BLM corrals as they awaited relocation and later were dumped in the wilderness after they starved to death .
In 2006 , a mare and stallion were shot to death in Gerlach , Nev .
The mare had aborted her foal during the incident and it too perished .
In fall of that year , seven horses were shot and killed near Pinedale , Ariz .
The BLM offered rewards , but no one has come forward .
People often ask me if I would have changed my mind about writing my book had I known how dark this story would get .
The answer is no ; I had wanted to investigate an incident and bear witness and it helped that a few months after the Reno massacre I met the lone survivor of it — an astonishing filly who was found near starvation in a gully during a winter storm , watched over by a band of bachelor stallions who could not provide her with mother ’s milk but could fend off predators .
As I wrote in “ Mustang , ” her rescuers named her Bugz because she was permanently spooked , not unlike another twitchy Nevada character , Bugsy Siegel , said to have been demon- possessed and therefore buggy , and no doubt he was , having witnessed — and been the progenitor of — great rivers of desert carnage .
For the next 10 years , Bugz was my guide ; during my visits to Nevada , I spent time with her at Wild Horse Spirit , the sanctuary where she lived in Carson City , and when I could n’t , we had conversations the old - fashioned way — across time and space , on the wind , where the great four - leggeds who made this nation were running free forever , out there in the American dreamtime .
What Bugz told me was powerful and beyond words ; whenever this story knocked me to my knees in shock and awe , I would feel her presence , and her spirit , and her will to go on , and last year when she passed away due to complications from an ongoing kidney ailment caused by poor nutrition after the massacre and no doubt a broken heart , I thanked her for enduring long enough for me to finish my book , for I could not have done so without her .
I am not so naive as to think that one book would bring about an end to the scourge of wild horse killings in our land .
This wound is open , deep and cannot be easily healed .
But it has been gratifying to note that since “ Mustang ” was first published in 2008 , there has been a slight shift in the atmosphere .
Many people have joined a nationwide , grass - roots effort on behalf of wild horses ( and burros — protected by the same law ) that had been in place for some time , taking the call for mustang preservation to a new level .
Various legal actions have resulted in good news for wild horses ; one roundup was stopped in Colorado last year , and a critical aspect of federal mustang management — the housing of wild horses in crowded corrals after they are rounded up — is now under question .
And the Bureau of Land Management itself may be reassessing its own policies , in the wake of increasing scrutiny of its practices .
But perhaps most heartening of all is that as I travel the country and talk about our war against the wild horse , I have learned that the mustang is the one issue , if I may reduce this magnificent creature to an overused word , that cuts across all party lines .
In fact , it is through the wild horse that I see America and it is through the wild horse that Americans of all persuasions are coming together .
At my talks in bookstores , libraries and other events , I meet cowboys , kids , tea partyers , tree huggers , Ron Paul freaks , people who just got foreclosed , war veterans , recovering Democrats , reality show rejects and even men who have killed mustangs just because they could and now regret their role in the decimation of our great partner and icon .
Last year , one of these men approached me in tears and took my hand in both of his and said he was sorry .
He held my gaze and my hand for a few seconds and his grip was sturdy .
Then he shambled off like a mirage , like Shane in the movies , as cowboys always do , but he was n’t on a horse and he knew that there were n’t very many left , and my guess is that he did n’t have a job and probably had pawned his gear .
And that ’s exactly what ’s going to happen to the rest of us if we cannot get right by the wild horse ; as it goes , so goes a piece of America , and one of these days , bereft of heritage , we may all find ourselves moving on down the road .
Deanne Stillman ’s latest book is the widely acclaimed “ Mustang : The Saga of the Wild Horse in the American West , ” a Los Angeles Times “ Best Book ’ 08 ” and winner of the California Book Award silver medal for nonfiction .
Her book includes an account of the 1998 Christmas horse massacre outside Reno , as well as the story of Bugz .
Follow Deanne Stillman on Facebook .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - County lawmakers in California ’s famed Silicon Valley have passed a law that would prevent restaurants from giving away free toys and other incentives with unhealthy kids ’ meals .
McDonald ’s Corp ’s helped build demand for its “ Happy Meals ” by including free toys for children and the practice of giving away free goodies with kids ’ meals is now common .
While McDonald ’s and its rivals have introduced healthier meal options for children , some critics say they have not done enough to fight childhood obesity -- a battle that California ’s lawmakers are more than willing to take on .
California was first to institute a state - wide ban on soda in public schools and state lawmakers now are weighing a proposal to tax full - calorie sodas and other sweetened beverages .
The bill , approved on Tuesday by Santa Clara County ’s Board of Supervisors , would set basic nutritional standards for children ’s meals and only allow restaurants to give away toys with meals that meets national nutritional criteria for children .
For example , backers said restaurants would be banned from using toys as rewards for buying food that has excessive calories -- more than 120 calories for a beverage , 200 calories for a single food item or 485 calories for a meal .
There also would be limits on sodium , excess fat and excess sugar .
“ This ordinance levels the playing field , ” said Ken Yeager , president of Santa Clara County ’s Board of Supervisors , who hopes to inspire other lawmakers to pass similar bills .
“ It helps parents make the choices they want for their children without toys and other freebies luring them toward food that fails to meet basic nutritional standards , ” he said .
Backers of the law , which takes aim at childhood obesity , say it is the first of its kind .
In Santa Clara County , one in four youth are either overweight or obese .
The ordinance , which must get a second reading on May 11 to confirm its passage , applies to unincorporated areas of Santa Clara County .
The county ’s major cities , including San Jose , Cupertino and Palo Alto would not be affected .
Restaurants will be granted a 90 - day grace period before the law goes into effect .
During that time , they will have an opportunity to propose alternative measures .
McDonald ’s and rival Burger King -- under pressure from consumers and health experts -- have taken some steps to make meals for children more healthy .
Among other things , parents that order such meals can swap juice or milk for soda or order apple “ fries ” rather than french fries .
And the industry ’s representative has come out against the new law .
“ Ultimately , parents decide what their children eat and whether a meal includes a toy or not -- that is the role of a parent , ” said Jot Condie , president of the California Restaurant Association .
“ The county government does not need to serve as the parent of the parents . ”
How do you release the deep - seated thoughts keeping you from your dream life ?
Here ’s what I learned and I did n’t need to spend hours or years meditating ( which , by the way , I ’d already tried ) .
You do n’t need to interpret dreams , read countless books on attracting and intending , create vision boards , or pay for costly seminars ( which I ’d also tried ) .
I was able to bypass all the time - consuming techniques and go straight to the source – the subconscious .
It only took a few short minutes a day .
I was able to make “ corrections ” to my subconscious thought patterns so they rejected negative thoughts that were deeply rooted , the thoughts that continued to hide themselves even though I went through all the meditating , mantras , intending and all the rest of the techniques that are popular today .
And I was able to form new , powerful thoughts that will became my reality in the same way the old thoughts did .
I ’m sure by now you ’re asking the same question I had when I first discovered this incredible program :
How does it work ?
Let me explain it in simple terms .
15 - Minute Manifestation uses theta brainwave technology to bring your brain into the theta state almost instantly .
And this is where the magic happens .
This is where the subconscious is most receptive to messages .
You may experience , as I did , vivid imagery , long forgotten memories , and intuition leading to creative ideas .
I experienced information that apparently was beyond what I are able to receive during my waking hours .
But I was n’t asleep and I did n’t forget the thoughts I had , as is so often the case when we dream .
15 - Minute Manifestation is the last tool I ’ll ever need and it only takes 15 minutes a day .
There are no long and tedious books to read , no theories to understand and nothing to memorize .
All you need is a pair of headphones .
Why are you still holding on to all those destructive subconscious thoughts ?
The technology is available NOW !
By utilizing your brains naturally occurring theta waves - the same waves that occur in sleep and deep meditation – you can reprogram your thoughts to get rid of those that have been making you miserable and keeping you from moving forward .
15 - Minute Manifestation is easy and inexpensive ( thankfully , because I ’d already spent a small fortune and a lot of time on books and seminars that did n’t work ) .
And the benefits are enormous .
There ’s absolutely no risk because the program comes with a 60 - day money back guarantee !
Do n’t waste any more precious time being frustrated because you ’re unable to live a life that ’s fulfilling your dreams .
Get this program in hand today and discover what I did – that in just 15 minutes a day you can become the person you want to be .
It ’s easy and quick and you ’ll wonder why you lived so long without it !
I know I did !
Click here to learn more about 15 Minute Manifestation
A generously provided guest post by Tom Fuller of the examiner .
Tom offered this to provide some rest for me to take care of the family .
Tom ’s writing style is quite a bit different than the usual fare around here , he ’s a better writer - I think - and he compares this blog with Deltoid .
The comparison is interesting because in my experience similar patterns of behavior and moderation are met across the whole climate blog community , not just a couple of blogs .
As a note , I would add that the links presented here are completely selfish in that they represent the sites I visit .
Not many blogs spend time making links just for the proprietor , but so far that ’s all they are – my bookmarks .
And finally , if you have n’t seen it , Tom Fuller and Steve Mosher have a book out which can be linked from the picture in the sidebar or at Tom ’s site linked on the right .
If you want to know for yourself what the climategate emails meant and you do n’t have the background , this is the single best source .
— — — —
–
Guest post by Tom Fuller .
I thought it would be interesting to compare two weblogs dealing with global warming to see if either similarities or differences might shed light on how opinions ( and audiences ) are formed , and what might be discerned about their contribution to the debate on this subject .
Rather than singling out the highest traffic blogs ( such as Real Climate on the consensus side and Watt ’s Up With That for the opposition ) , I thought it might be constructive to take two weblogs lower down on the food chain .
This is primarily because the most popular weblogs have become to a certain extent victims of their own success , and have changed their editorial practices to reflect the needs of a major media venue .
Lower level bloggers can still pick and choose topics , style and levels of response and thus may provide a more accurate view of the actual debate .
I chose The Air Vent as a ‘ non- consensus ’ weblog primarily because I ’m familiar with the contents and the weblog ’s principal contributor , Jeff
Id , asked for guest contributions to fill editorial holes while he deals with the chaos that accompanies the birth of a new child .
I chose Deltoid as a ‘ consensus ’ weblog , again because I am familiar with the contents of the weblog , and because it seemed to roughly match The Air Vent in terms of frequency of posting , number of comments per post , and level of commitment to the political position espoused on the site .
I must confess to bias in my analysis .
Both Tim Lambert , principal contributor at Deltoid , and Jeff Id disagree with me on serious matters of public policy .
I am a liberal Democrat and big fan of Barack Obama , while Jeff
Id is close to the opposite side of the political spectrum from me .
As a ‘ lukewarmer ’ who believes global warming is real , but unlikely to be the catastrophe predicted with macabre glee by the alarmists , I am at the opposite end of the climate change spectrum from Tim Lambert .
– Hide quoted text –
But , while Jeff
Id of The Air Vent has always been unfailingly courteous , responsive and cordial in our communications on both our websites , Tim Lambert has been confrontational , rude and deceptive in how he has handled our communications .
So I confess to a strong personal prejudice in favor of Jeff Id and against Tim Lambert .
For those who logically ask why I then chose these two as subjects for my analysis , I can only reply that the ‘ owners ’ of consensus weblogs are more or less similar to Tim Lambert , and have provided me with many unpleasant moments of confrontational exchanges , while non-consensus blog owners have all pretty much been like Jeff–courteous to someone they disagree with and willing to talk through the differences between us while focusing on areas where we can find agreement .
Readers may draw their own conclusions from this perception of mine .
If accurate , it not only sets the stage , but is an important finding for those who think character has a bearing on climate science and its presentation .
If not accurate , it spares the reader from having to go further .
Deltoid ’s Tim Lambert is a computer scientist at the University of New South Wales .
It is my understanding that Jeff Id ( a pseudonym ) is an engineer , although I ’m not sure what flavor .
Deltoid is one of the oldest weblogs around , having started in 1991 , while The Air Vent has archives only as far back as August 2008 .
Key points :
The Air Vent posts much more frequently than Deltoid .
While The Air Vent seems to average about 10 posts per week , Deltoid varies dramatically –Lambert had 28 posts in March and 53 in February .
Both weblogs seem to have the same commenting pattern , although Deltoid seems to have more ‘ regulars ’ commenting on the site .
This is probably no surprise , given the longer period of service of the weblog .
But both weblogs seem to have a favorite on every ‘ screen shot ’ ( the portion of the screen visible without scrolling ) which gets more than 100 comments , while the other posts get between 20 and 50 comments .
Blogroll : Both sites link to other weblogs with similar orientations , although The Air Vent links to some sites that are not wholly about climate change .
Comments policy : Deltoid moderates comments , deletes at owner ’s discretion and maintains a confrontational attitude towards those arriving with opposing views .
The Air Vent does not moderate prior to posting , will engage with those with opposing views , but has a much more relaxed attitude towards ‘ dissenting views . ’
Editorial stance : Both Lambert and Id are very upfront about their opinions of climate change and the general political climate in Australia and the U.S. respectively .
Lambert is much more personal in his criticism , while Id ’s negative opinions are generally more about institutions than individuals –with some exceptions .
The latest post titles on Deltoid :
1. Climate Denial Crock on Monckton , Part 2 ( Criticism of skeptic Viscount Monckton )
2. Phil Jones Vindicated Some More ( Commentary on Oxburgh report )
3. Climate Denial Crock On Monckton ( Criticim of skeptic Viscount Monckton )
4. Science Show on Climate Change Skepticism
5. McKitrick at it Again ( Criticism of non-consensus economist Ross McKitrick )
6. John McLean Hides the Declines ( Criticism of skeptic report )
7. Open Thread 46
8. Phil Jones Vindicated ( Commentary on Parliamentary investigation report )
9. ABC on Cartergate : Opinions on Shape of Earth Differ ( Criticism of Australian Broadcasting Corporation for allowing skeptics airtime )
10 . Lambert Monckton Debate on YouTube ( video of Lambert ’s portion of debate between him and Monckton
The latest post titles on The Air Vent :
1. Kernel of Science ( Explanation of personal views on climate change and public policy implications )
2. AR4–30 % Non-Peer Reviewed Literature ( republishing Donna Framboise ’s report on grey literature in IPCC report AR4 )
3. Too Tired to Blog ( advisory of light posting due to child care issues )
4. New Jersey Cutting Back on Fake Global Warming Budget ( NJ budget cuts in programs addressing climate change )
5. What Would You Do? ( Personal commentary on workload )
6 . Do it–Or Else ( commentary on reports of pressure put on lesser developed countries to support climate initiatives )
7 . To the Drawing Board ( discussion of variance in paleoclimate reconstructions )
8. Conditions of the Slopes ( discussion of anecdotal reports of snowfall at ski runs )
9 . A Bad Idea That Wo n’t Die ( discussion of climate change mini-meeting in Bonn )
10 . Instrument Bias ( Referral to discussion on instrument bias at The Blackboard )
Analysis
Deltoid is ( or has become over time ) a site more concerned with the opposition than the fast moving field of climate science .
Commenters are mostly ‘ true believers ’ that reinforce the positions of the site owner and act as watchdogs to monitor compliance with stated attitudes and beliefs .
– Hide quoted text –
The Air Vent takes better advantage of current events and recently published papers and posts on other weblogs .
It has a much more varied menu .
Deltoid appears to be a weblog that has run out of steam in many respects , trying to rally the troops with fairly old trumpet calls to the political standard .
The Air Vent seems to be a lively forum for discussion of a large number of topics , sometimes only loosely related to climate change .
Both Tim Lambert and Jeff
Id seem exhausted .
But while
Id is tired from having a new baby around the house , Lambert ’s fatigue seems to be more rooted in the toll events of the past year have taken on him personally .
It ’s easy to predict that Id will recover more quickly than Lambert , and that the Air Vent will continue to be a good place to visit for quite a while to come , while Deltoid either needs a rejuvenated Lambert or perhaps some co-bloggers .
To the extent that the two reflect the state of play in the ongoing debate , it would seem that defending the consensus has taken its toll on Lambert , who has withdrawn into a predictable publishing schedule that offers little to those not part of his coterie of fans .
As the past few months have been quite difficult for the consensus , this is understandable .
However , recent results of investigations that were favorable to the climate science consensus have not reinvigorated Deltoid .
On the other hand , The Air Vent seems to be enjoying life and blogging and what ’s happening in the discussion .
There seems to be a lot more energy on the site–and this may reflect the almost electric charge provided by the last quarter ’s events .
Climategate , Copenhagen and a cold winter provided a lot of material for discussion .
Readers who want to see the ‘ state of play ’ in the struggle over climate change would not go too far astray by reading both weblogs together .
However , those wishing to comment on this struggle would be better off at The Air Vent , especially if their opinions were not strictly consensus compliant .
As with any omniscient being , you can ask Google anything .
You just do n’t know what the answer is going to be .
That changed slightly last week when the Google search engine started automatically giving a suggestion of where to call after receiving a search seemingly focused on suicide .
Among the searches that result in an icon of a red phone and the toll - free number for the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline are “ ways to commit suicide ” and “ suicidal thoughts . ”
The information takes precedence over the linked results and is different and more prominent than an advertisement .
Guidance on suicide prevention was suggested internally and was put in place on Wednesday .
This is only the second time Google has added such guidance on troubling search terms , Dr. Roni Zeiger , chief health strategist for Google , said in an interview .
A few months ago , the search engine began providing a phone number for the national poison control hotline after searches like “ poison emergency . ”
The recording industry scored a significant victory today with news that the Obama administration will provide its " strong support " for the Performance Rights Act .
The bill would force over - the - air radio stations to start coughing up cash for the music they play ; right now , the stations pay songwriters , but not the actual recording artists .
This has been a dream of the recording industry for decades , but it has taken on new importance as the revenues from recorded music have plummeted over the last decade .
The broadcasters refer to the idea as a new " tax " that will largely benefit foreign record companies such as Universal ( France ) , Sony ( Japan ) , and EMI ( UK ) .
Taking sides
Today , a letter from the Commerce Department 's general counsel , Cameron Kerry , makes clear which side has the administration 's support : the recording industry .
( We double - checked with Kerry 's office ; this is no April Fools ' joke . )
" The Department has long endorsed amending the US copyright law to provide for an exclusive right of public performance of sound recordings , " says the letter .
It pledges " strong support " for the current bill and approves the idea that radio's payment exemption is nothing more than " an historical anomaly that does not have a strong policy justification . "
A copy of the letter was sent to Sen. Patrick Leahy ( D - VT ) , chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee .
In the letter , Kerry says that making radio pay for music is really a matter of fairness — not just to artists , but to Internet webcasters and satellite radio , too .
That 's because both webcasters and the satellite radio folks currently do have to pay a public performance right on the music they play ; the exclusion granted to over - the - air broadcasters thus distorts the market and makes it difficult for new technologies to gain traction .
" It would also provide a level playing field for all broadcasters to compete in the current environment of rapid technological change , including the Internet , satellite , and terrestrial broadcasters , " says the letter .
In addition to rationalizing the performance rights scheme in the US , Commerce points out that the US is the only major industrialized country to have such an exemption for over - the - air radio .
Making a change is n't just a case of bowing to peer pressure ; real money is at stake , since many artists are unable to collect the public performance money due them in other countries because of " the lack of reciprocal protection under US copyright law . "
The National Association of Broadcasters , which represents radio , has n't yet responded to the letter — but its position is clear .
" This new performance tax could financially cripple local radio stations , stifle new artists trying to break into the recording business , and harm the listening public who rely on local radio , " it says , and the NAB has managed to round up 260 House members in support of a resolution called " The Local Radio Freedom Act . "
In addition , the NAB ( correctly ) points out that it has been the broadcasters who repeatedly engaged in " payola " over the years ; not only has radio paid nothing to the recording industry , but the industry has gone to the trouble of paying extra to radio , just for the privilege of promoting particular songs .
However the issue is decided , some major corporations are going to benefit .
If radio keeps its exemption , it 's a win for big broadcasters like Clear Channel .
If radio's exemption gets the axe , much of the money being paid will flow into recording industry coffers .
But , as the Commerce filing points out , the current system is ridiculous ; it needs to be decided in one way or another .
Requiring some broadcasters to pay for music while others get a free ride , based simply on a difference in delivery mechanism , is no way to run a system , and it 's no way to encourage innovation .
Congress has already tried locking both sides in a room to solve the issue ; at some point soon , it will just have to vote .
Update : NAB has issued a statement .
" NAB was aware this letter was coming , which is a position taken previously by the Bush Commerce Department .
We 're disappointed the Commerce Department would embrace legislation that would kill jobs in the US and send hundreds of millions of dollars to foreign record labels that have historically exploited artists whose careers were nurtured by American radio stations .
The good news is that 260 members of the House of Representatives and 27 US Senators are standing with hometown radio stations and against the RIAA . "
Electoral system could not long survive a perverse outcome in which first party comes third , and third comes first
Small - c conservatives often argue that before a reform is introduced it should be tested not only against normal operating conditions but also against unlikely possibilities , because these can produce unintended consequences .
The first - past - the - post ( FPTP ) electoral system is capable of spectacular malfunctions , particularly when there are more than two parties in contention for the lead .
You Gov , ComRes and Bpix this weekend showed four - point spreads between first and third parties , and election outcomes that seemed extreme must now be considered .
The Bpix numbers for the Mail on Sunday ( Lib Dems 32 , Tories 31 , Labour 28 ) would produce a bizarre result on uniform swing .
The largest party in votes , the Lib Dems , would come third in seats with 120 , and the smallest of the three main parties , Labour , would win the largest number of seats – 268 .
The Tories would have 230 .
If we transpose the Conservative and Labour Bpix percentages , then despite the Lib Dems being the largest party on 32 % , Labour with 31 % would have 323 seats in parliament .
While not quite an overall majority , it would be an effective majority given the Speaker 's neutrality and Sinn Féin MPs not participating .
The reason for these peculiar possibilities is to be found in geography .
Labour is resilient to a falling national share because it has an efficiently distributed vote – a large number of low - turnout strongholds , competitive marginals and few votes in its high - turnout hopeless seats .
But because Lib Dem support is fairly evenly spread , it is hard for that party to translate broad increases in its share of the vote into seat gains , and the gains it does manage tend to come from the Conservatives .
The Lib Dems received respectable 20 - 30 % losing shares in many constituencies in 2005 , and a 10 - point increase across the board would merely produce impressive 30 - 40 % losing scores in most of these seats .
The electoral system could not survive a perverse outcome in which the first party comes third and the third party comes first – or one in which the second - placed party has an overall majority , despite the support of fewer than one voter in three .
Either case would make Florida in 2000 look like a model of democracy .
There would be a justified crisis of confidence in a political system that had produced such a travesty .
Gordon Brown 's preferred reform of the alternative vote ( AV ) would help the Lib Dems win more seats under AV than FPTP .
Rather than being unfairly penalised in a near - even , three - way split of votes , the Lib Dems would hit the jackpot .
If three party politics is here to stay , Labour would be best advised to modify its position on AV , and go instead for a proportional system based on related principles , namely single transferable vote ( STV ) or AV - plus , which both involve multi-member constituencies .
But the prime minister does not seem ready to get rid of single - member seats .
The Conservatives ' problem is potentially worse .
Their atavistic love of FPTP could surely not survive such a refutation of the claim that it gives stability and a clear choice of government .
Even if a single - party government emerged on the basis of 32 % support and a one - point lead – or deficit – in votes , it could not claim a " mandate " without provoking mocking laughter .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
Burly bouncer Kieron Bell had no problem at all removing troublesome drunks from the nightclub where he worked .
But he found himself powerless to stand up to the domestic violence meted out by his petite wife and it ­almost cost him his life .
Many would find the ­situation hard to believe .
And it was that fear which delayed Kieron reporting the domestic violence he was suffering at the hands of his seemingly loving wife .
She had attacked him regularly since they married in June 2006 but it wasnt until Sarah stabbed him in the chest with a steak knife that Kieron had the courage to stand up to his 24 - year - old partner .
Even then she tried to ­persuade police ­Kieron had fallen on the knife .
But after life - saving heart ­surgery which has left him with a 10 - inch scar on his chest , he found the courage to finally ­expose her .
And now , after she was jailed last week for four - and - a - half years , hes speaking out to encourage other victims to come forward and break the taboo surrounding male domestic violence .
Kieron says : Domestic violence against men is a big problem .
Because women are seen as the vulnerable ones , people dont understand how men can allow themselves to be victims .
But when I finally found the ­courage to tell the police what had happened they were brilliant .
They didnt judge me and they took me seriously so I want other men to know they can report attacks .
If it can happen to me it can happen to anyone .
The British Crime Survey shows that one in six men will suffer ­domestic abuse in their lifetime , compared to one in four women , or four million victims .
But statistics also show that men are twice as likely as a woman not to tell the police .
In 2008/09 , 31 men were murdered by their partner or ex partner and in the same year 98,000 men were the victims of severe force at the hands of their partner or ex .
Gillian Guy , chief executive of Victim Support , said : Many people think domestic violence only affects women .
Although statistics show violence against women is more common , men can be , and are , victims of this crime .
Besides dealing with the consequences , male victims also have the stigma to contend with , which puts many off getting help .
Its vital Victim Support exists so these victims dont have to suffer in silence .
Kieron was a strapping nightclub bouncer and although the married father of one was well used to throwing drunks out of nightclubs night after night , in his own home he was the victim .
In fact , Kieron , 34 , met Sarah when he was working the door of a Great Yarmouth nightclub .
At 5ft 10ins tall and with a stocky build , Kieron had a reputation as a tough , but gentle , guy .
Sarah was a tiny size eight and 5ft 2ins tall .
After a whirlwind romance Sarah got pregnant and the couple married , but afterwards Sarah started showing signs of a ­ferocious temper .
She would flare up at the smallest thing .
I put it down to her pregnancy ­hormones to start with .
But as Sarahs bump grew she started to become violent .
If we were bickering she would suddenly lash out .
I would never in a million years hit a woman so I would go out for a walk to calm down .
When I came back she would say sorry and promise not to do it again .
I was confused and to start with never even considered what was ­happening as domestic violence ­because you just dont think it happens to blokes .
According to Mark Brooks , chairman of the ManKind Initiative , while the help male victims receive from the police is improving , it is still patchy .
He said :
The plight of male victims has been swept under the carpet for too long .
A victim is a victim , it should not matter whether they are a man or a woman .
Sarahs violence got worse , pushing and shoving became slapping and threatening .
­Kieron did call police to the flat .
I called them as a way of shocking her into seeing what she was doing .
I hoped shed calm down when the baby was born .
Their son , who is now being looked after by his aunt , was born in February 2007 and Sarahs temper got worse .
Arguments normally started over the flat , if I hadnt done enough jobs or it wasnt tidy enough .
The police were called several more times but Kieron was always too ashamed to take it any further .
I didnt expect them to believe me , I mean whos going to think a big former ­doorman can be battered by a tiny little woman ?
People wouldnt take it seriously .
But on April 22 last year at 1.45 am
Sarah came home and started a violent argument with Kieron after ­accusing him of not doing enough around the house .
Moments later she ran at him with a steak knife from their kitchen , ­plunging it into his chest next to his heart and fleeing as Kieron slumped on the floor in a pool of blood .
She pulled the knife back out and ran .
I remember thinking she had left me there to die and that I would never see my son again .
He called 999 and an ambulance arrived as Sarah returned and in front of medics urged her husband to tell them it was nobodys fault .
He heard her plead :
Tell them honey , as he slipped into unconsciousness .
As they rushed him to hospital for heart ­surgery , Sarah tried to persuade police that Kieron fell on the knife .
Later he admitted the truth , that he was a victim of domestic violence .
Sarah was ­arrested while he underwent life - ­saving open - heart surgery and spent a week in hospital .
The knife had missed his heart by around an inch and doctors gave him just a 50/50 chance of survival .
I was relieved it was out in the open and surprised at how good Norfolk Police were .
Nobody treated it as a joke in fact they told me more was being done to help men in my situation .
They gave me a lot of support in the run-up to the case .
Now I know there is no shame in what happened to me .
Kieron moved in with his aunt and son to recover .
He came and give me a really big cuddle .
I felt lucky to be alive .
I couldnt even pick up my boy to start with , thats when it really struck me what shed done .
She could have killed me , but she didnt think twice about taking away our sons dad .
Admitting to people what had been going on was hard but having the police take it so seriously helped .
But he knows how lucky he is to be here .
I stayed because I loved her and because we had a child but it nearly cost me my life .
Im lucky to be alive and one day I will have to tell my son that his mother almost killed me .
Sarah pleaded guilty to wounding with intent and was last week ­sentenced to four a half years at Norwich Crown Court .
Kieron now has a new partner but says the domestic violence he suffered will always affect him .
I find it hard to trust now , he says .
I was living in fear of her .
Im pleased shes locked up where she cant hurt anyone .
I just want to get on with my life and make sure she comes nowhere near me or my son again .
If you have been a victim of domestic violence contact www.mankind.org.uk for information and support or call 01823 334244 .
Or call the National Domestic Violence Helpline on 0808 2000 247 ( free 24 - hour service ) .
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest news in astronomy and space e-mailed direct to your desktop .
Enter your e-mail address :
Privacy note : your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose .
Satellites provide bird 's - eye view of Iceland volcano
BY STEPHEN CLARK
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : April 18 , 2010
Observation satellites circling nearly 500 miles above Earth have captured views of the Iceland volcano and ash cloud disrupting European and trans -Atlantic air travel .
The Earth Observing 1 satellite took these visible ( left ) and infrared ( right ) images of the Eyjafjallajokull volcano on Saturday .
Credit : NASA / JPL / EO 1 Mission / GSFC / Ashley Davies
NASA released two images from the Earth Observing 1 satellite Sunday afternoon showing high - resolution views of the Eyjafjallajokull volcano in southern Iceland .
The satellite 's Hyperion instrument took the pictures Saturday .
One image shows the volcano in visible wavelengths , while the other photo reveals intense thermal activity near the volcano 's fissure in the Eyjafjallajokull glacier .
According to NASA , the EO 1 satellite 's infrared image shows at least 60 megawatts of thermal energy being released at the volcano 's vent .
That is enough energy to power 60,000 homes , NASA said .
Since its explosive eruption began April 14 , the volcano has thrown clouds of ash high into the atmosphere and melted a large area of ice covering the Iceland landscape .
Upper level winds drove the ash cloud toward Europe , where it halted air traffic across the northern half of the continent .
In this image taken Thursday , Envisat observed the Eyjafjallajokull ash plume streaming over the United Kingdom .
Credit : ESA
Officials are worried ash could be ingested into jet engines , disrupt aircraft sensors and reduce visibility for pilots .
As of late Sunday , airspace was closed in parts of nearly two dozen countries , including the United Kingdom , most of Germany , and parts of France , according to the European Organization for the Safety of Air Navigation , or Eurocontrol .
Eurocontrol estimates more than 60,000 flights have been cancelled since Thursday .
Officials say about half of the planned European flights could operate as scheduled Monday , but the location of the volcanic ash cloud will determine what flights are permitted to take off .
Safety is the first priority , according to European leaders .
Satellites are an important tool to track the movement of volcanic ash and gases for aviation authorities .
Space - based instruments are capable of observing sulphur dioxide and dangerous aerosols in ash clouds on a global scale , according to the European Space Agency .
Along with weather satellites , specialized spacecraft such as Europe 's Envisat Earth observatory and NASA 's Terra , Aqua and Aura satellites are equipped to monitor evolution of volcanic ash .
One of DigitalGlobe 's private Earth observation satellites took this high - resolution picture of the Eyjafjallajokull volcano .
Credit : DigitalGlobe
The Envisat spacecraft 's medium - resolution camera captured one of the first satellite pictures of the ash cloud as it streamed across Scotland Thursday morning .
On Friday , Terra pointed its MODIS instrument toward Europe and snapped a picture of the ash plume moving over northern Europe .
DigitalGlobe , the U.S. - based commercial operator of the QuickBird and WorldView imaging satellites , also released a high - resolution picture one of its spacecraft collected over Iceland .
Daimler is best known for its Mercedes - Benz brand German carmaker Daimler has pleaded guilty to corruption in the US and will pay $ 185 m ( £ 121 m ) to settle the case .
The charges relate to US Justice Department and Securities and Exchange Commission investigations into the company 's global sales practices .
Daimler , the owner of Mercedes - Benz , admitted to paying tens of millions of dollars of bribes to foreign government officials in at least 22 countries .
The company said it had now reformed the way it did business .
Offshore accounts
The offences were committed between 1998 and 2008 by Daimler 's German - based exports subsidiary Export and Trade Finance , and its Russian business Mercedes - Benz Russia .
Today , we are a better and stronger company , and we will continue to do everything we can to maintain the highest compliance standards
Daimler chairman Dieter Zetsche
They were said to have given money and lavish gifts to help win contracts in countries including China , Russia , Thailand , Greece , and Iraq .
The Justice Department said that by " using offshore bank accounts , third - party agents and deceptive pricing practices , these companies saw foreign bribery as a way of doing business " .
Daimler has since fired 45 employees implicated in the bribery .
The company 's chairman Dieter Zetsche said the firm had " learned a lot from past experience " .
" Today , we are a better and stronger company , and we will continue to do everything we can to maintain the highest compliance standards , " he added .
' Deserves credit '
The case was heard in a federal court in Washington , where the presiding judge , Judge Richard Leon called the financial settlement a " just resolution " .
Prosecutor John Darden added that Daimler had " showed excellent cooperation " .
" The company has undertaken an effort to clean its own house , " he added .
" That reflects a serious change of mind on part of Daimler .
This deserves credit . "
Daimler 's agreement to pay $ 185 m is broken down into $ 93.6 m to end the US Justice Department investigation , and a payment of $ 91.4 m to settle the civil case from the Securities and Exchange Commission , the US financial watchdog .
The company made a 2.6bn euros ( $ 3.5 bn ; £ 2.3 bn ) loss last year .
Back in 2008 , German industrial group Siemens paid $ 800 m to settle a US investigation into bribes paid to government officials in Argentina , Bangladesh , Iraq and Venezuela .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Moderate use of video games can be a very useful educational tool for teaching children
Video games can have a very positive influence in the education of children , and , when used in moderation , they do not harm children 's academic performance .
This conclusion emerges from a research conducted by Ángeles Llorca Díez from the Department of Didactics of Musical , Plastic and Corporal Expression at the University of Granada , and directed by professors Mª Dolores Álvarez Rodríguez ( University of Granada ) and Mª Ángeles Díez Sánchez ( University of Salamanca ) .
This study aimed to investigate whether attitudes of users toward video games , and how they use them , have a significant impact on cognitive variables , specifically in spatial intelligence , self - efficacy and academic performance , acknowledging the existence of structured security measures that protect the child .
To accomplish this research , Llorca Díez analyzed a sample of 266 total participants aged between 11 and 16 , together with their corresponding parents ( fathers or mothers ) .
All children were given a semi- structured interview , a survey of use and preferences in video games , two intelligence tests and an inventory of self - efficacy .
Parents filled out a survey on opinions , knowledge and attitudes toward video games .
Results have revealed that boys not only play more than girls , but they start earlier , an outcome that could be related to a clearly cultural influence .
In addition , it has also been observed that participants , as they play more often , they do it for longer periods of time , which in the opinion of Llorca Díez " confirms the concern of some researchers about the possibility that some video games are addicting " .
More gender differences
There are also gender differences not only in the use that young people make of video games , but also in what they demand of them .
Thus , boys are more stringent than girls , and prefer realistic , challenging , impressive and competitive games .
They also like games with a very elaborate plot , containing a high level of artificial intelligence and with quite sophisticated graphic and sound elements .
More than half of parents have an unfavourable opinion about games , but , nevertheless , continue to acquire this type of entertainment for their children .
Furthermore , they do not take protection criteria at the time of purchase ( in the best of cases , they respect the recommended age ) .
Regarding the variable of academic performance , the researcher points out that " it is not only affected by the use of video games , but also hours of study and self - efficacy perception have demonstrated predictors of school success . "
There are more chances that students will obtain high grades if they believe in their own ability , and the learning process did not produce anxiety .
They play on weekends
Other conclusions emerging from this research reveal that almost a third of teens play only on weekends , and , in fact , as the author of this work points out , " very few kids play every day , an encouraging result that indicates a certain degree of control . "
Over 40 % of children play between one and two hours " each time they play " ( not on a daily or weekly basis ) and only 7 % of them play more than three hours .
Boys not only play more often , but when they do play , the do it for longer periods of time .
Finally , young people prefer " non-sports strategy " games , followed by sports and the so - called " platform " games .
About 40 % of respondents have problems arising from the use of video games ( usually two or three problems at once ) .
Nevertheless , the highest percentage of problems arises from the fact that " someone tells him that he plays too much " followed by " discussions with parents . "
It is noteworthy that a significant number of the participants admitted sleeping less and not doing well at school work .
Yet Ángeles Llorca thinks that video games can represent " a very useful pedagogical tool " to encourage self - efficacy , a variable that improves academic performance .
Therefore , it is necessary to encourage parents , teachers and advisers to get acquainted with this type of entertainment technology , which they should consider as part of visual communication .
Likewise , motivation of children to play video games should be used as a pedagogical tool in the field of education .
The UGR researcher considers " essential " a dissemination of new technologies among educators and parents .
They should acknowledge " the reality of children in this field , its use and enjoyment , in order to make the most of these games , and , at the same time , protect them from possible abuses and dangers . "
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court has declined to get involved in a new dispute over a Ten Commandments display on public property .
The justices on Monday left in place a lower court decision that a Ten Commandments marker in Haskell County , OK , must go .
The 8 - foot - tall stone monument has been on the county courthouse lawn in Stigler since 2004 .
A federal appeals court ruled last year that it amounts to an unconstitutional endorsement of religion by the county commission .
In 2005 , the high court said in two cases that determining whether the Ten Commandments could be displayed on government property was a case - by - case affair .
Google announced today the official release of Chrome 5 for Windows , Linux , and Mac OS X .
It arrives less than a month after Google made the new version available through its beta channel .
This release reflects Chrome 's rapid pace of evolution and Google 's strong commitment to advancing Web technology and performance .
Chrome 5 brings significant performance improvements , including a major increase in JavaScript execution speed .
It also brings support for important HTML5 features , including Web Sockets and drag - and - drop .
The JavaScript acceleration and robust compatibility with emerging standards are important capabilities that will enable developers to write richer and more sophisticated Web applications .
Google has enhanced the browser 's cloud synchronization framework , extending it to support browser preferences and themes in addition to bookmarks .
Chrome 5 ships with the Flash plugin included by default , an addition that was made possible by Google 's recent partnership with Adobe .
This release marks a significant milestone for the browser , because it is the first official stable release of Chrome for Mac and Linux .
Chrome was previously only distributed for those platforms in the form of beta and developer builds .
" Since last December , we 've been chipping away at bugs and building in new features to get the Mac and Linux versions caught up with the Windows version , and now we can finally announce that the Mac and Linux versions are ready for prime time , " Google said in a statement on its official blog .
When Chrome was first launched in 2008 , it was only available for the Windows operating system .
Mac and Linux versions emerged the following year and quickly advanced towards parity with the Windows version .
Although building Chrome for Linux posed some early challenges , the developers were able to deliver an impressive port with native theming and a complete feature set .
Chrome development now appears to be largely in sync across all three of the major operating systems .
It seems likely that we can expect to see simultaneous cross-platform releases for subsequent versions .
Chrome and the open source Chromium variant are rapidly gaining traction on Linux and Mac OS X. Statistics from popular Linux websites such as OMG !
Ubuntu show that Chrome and Chromium are collectively approaching almost 40 percent market share among Linux enthusiasts .
Chrome was a hot topic at the recent Ubuntu Developer Summit , which I attended earlier this month .
The Ubuntu developer community elected to include Chromium as the default browser in the next major version of the Ubuntu Netbook Edition .
The browser 's excellent performance and highly responsive user interface make it an obvious choice for netbooks , but it wo n't displace Firefox yet as the default browser in the conventional desktop version of Ubuntu .
One of Google 's Chrome engineers attended the event and participated in the discussions .
Google intends to use Chrome as the centerpiece of its own Linux - based mobile operating system , which could potentially start appearing on devices later this year .
The idea of a browser - centric Chrome OS seemed a bit far - fetched when it was first announced last year , but it 's starting to look a lot more attractive as said browser matures .
Why Most RPG Campaigns Do n’t Last For More Than A Few Sessions
Ask game masters how many of their campaigns last for more than a few sessions .
My experience is that they ’ll tell you that one out of three or four of their campaigns really gets off the ground and becomes the epic story we all want to play in .
What makes it so difficult to get together with friends and tell a great story ?
Most of the time , we are telling the wrong story in the wrong language .
Storytelling has been around for ages .
This is really what roleplaying games are about – we collaborate with our friends to create and tell a great story .
There are a millions of books , novels , short stories – examples of what good ( and bad ) stories are like .
There are hundreds of different game systems .
Yet we still only manage one great campaign out of every few tries .
One of the main reasons campaigns lose steam is scheduling .
It can be hard to get 4 - 6 players in one place at the same time .
Another reason campaigns wither and die sometimes lies with the story itself – good game masters run fast - paced games that end with a heart - wrenching clifhanger .
And yet even the best game masters plan campaigns that do n’t quite pan out .
WHAT YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT :
Tell a shorter story .
Nobody is forcing you to run an epic tale .
And nobody is forcing your players to ditch their characters once a story is over .
Heck , nobody is asking you to run a 4 or 5 hour session .
Why ca n’t we tell a great story in 2 - 3 hours ?
We can !
Some of the most popular fiction of all times is built on the series of short stories model ( most tv shows , Sherlock Holmes )
That brings up a new problem .
The mechanics of the most popular games do n’t allow us to run that kind of game – running a single combat encounter can take 2 hours .
I say : ditch the rules .
Why ca n’t you ignore the rules when you ’re short on time ?
You can !
And that ’s coming from a guy who would be stoked to run a 6 hour long D&D combat encounter as a game .
Here ’s the problem with most rulesets : they were written to help you run an epic odyssey .
Newsbreak – few people can get together every 2 weeks for a year and actually play out that odyssey .
We end up creating and playing mechanically complex characters and using complete , but somewhat cumbersome mechanics .
Our goal is to tell a great story , not necessarily tell a great epic trilogy - worthy tale .
Using a 250 + page book to run a game other than a long - winded , action packed epic , is like building the foundations for a skyscraper , then pitching a tent .
You do n’t need that big of a foundation – you ’re wasting your valuable time .
I ’m not suggesting you stop trying to run regular games that last for months and years .
It will always be my favorite type of game .
I ’m saying that they will only work out 25 % of the time or so , no matter how great a game master you are .
How often can we realistically tell an epic tale ?
Not often .
Yet most game systems are tools to run that specific kind of campaign .
So , I was saying : Tell shorter stories .
Run one - shot sessions .
If your players are into character development , you can run multiple one - shot sessions with the same characters .
Change the way you think about roleplaying games .
Your goal is n’t to run a campaign .
Your goal is to tell a great story .
Sometimes the long campaign , broken down into adventures and quests is the best way to go .
Most of the time , you should reverse the thinking .
Run short quests with a beginning , middle , and end .
Wrap up a complete story in a few hours .
If multiple games , multiple stories add up and become a campaign , great !
Change your assumptions about getting people together
Also change your assumptions about getting people together .
You do n’t need to get all your friends together for 5 hours to play roleplaying games .
2 hours is enough .
3 hours is great .
To help you tell great stories , you also have tons of free websites and blogs written by passionate gamers – Gnome Stew , Critical Hits , Chatty DM , Roleplaying Tips , Dungeon Mastering , Stupid Ranger .
And I ’m only scratching the surface .
Become a part of the discussion on playing and running better games .
Game mastering is an art as much of a science and no one should be expected to be good all the time .
But you can get better at it constantly .
Although it might seem daunting at first , it ’s not that hard – it just takes a passion , effort , and time .
What are game companies doing for me ?
I have dozens of game companies that cater to my need for a long epic campaign .
What about my need to run short , fun , games ?
When the time to start or play in a long campaign is n’t right , what do I do ?
I want a game company that lets me learn a system in 30 minutes or less .
Not get the gist of the rules – I want to assimilate a whole system in half an hour .
I want adventures that I can read and prepare in 30 minutes or less .
I want a character creation process that wo n’t require a whole game session .
I want character creation to be a group activity .
I want character creation to be fun , to be part of the game , not a prerequisite to actual play .
I want games , scenarios , and synopses that help me tell a better story .
I want a game company that lets me ask questions directly to the author ( and I want an answer within a reasonable delay ) I want the game designers to tell me what they were thinking of , what they were trying to achieve when they created the game .
I want all of this to be part of every product I purchase – I do not want to pay extra for support and insight into a game I purchased .
I want a phone number I can call for support ( at least to leave a message ) and I expect to be treated like a live human being , like a worthy customer .
I want online tools or software to perform any repetitive task required by the game .
I want these tools to be part of the product I purchase .
I do not want to pay extra for them .
I want my feedback to be heard and acted upon .
I want a free copy of a game I purchased if it ’s updated ( it can be done with PDF books )
I want to be part of a community of players that play the same game I do and share material to enhance the game .
What do you want your games to be like ?
What do you expect from your favorite game publishing company ?
Dungeon Mastering is publishing its first game so I ’ll have a chance to put my money where my mouth is !
The game is called Zombie Murder Mystery – check it out »
GD Star Rating
loading ...
Officials in New York have identified two strains of simian foamy virus in wildlife imported as food — known as “ bushmeat ” — from three primate species : two mangabey monkeys and a chimpanzee , according to the Wildlife Conservation Society ( WCS ) .
All of these animals are also endangered .
Preliminary studies show that humans can contract simian foamy virus , but its long - term effects remain unknown .
Could another AIDS - like epidemic therefore be on the horizon ?
The WCS , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and others are working now to prevent that from happening .
A symposium called “ Wildlife Conservation and Human Health ” has taken place at Rockefeller University .
Diseases of wildlife origin that have impacted public health through the consumption or trade of wild animals include monkey pox , SARS , HIV / AIDS ( stemming from human infection with simian immunodeficiency virus ) , and others .
In addition to health implications , disease risks from the wildlife trade have had enormous economic impacts as well .
The SARS outbreak of 2003 — associated with trade in small carnivores and ultimately traced to bats — cost the international community an estimated $ 40 - 50 billion dollars in reactive health measures , declines in travel and commerce , and other cascading economic factors .
Mangabey monkey ( Credit : Keven Law )
Smoked bushmeat for sale at market ( Credit : Tom Daspit )
To read the full article , click here
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Both of course feature AC / DC but the international trailer is strangely lacking Mickey Rourke ’s Whiplash character .
I know I have only seen snippets of the movie but I already like Don Cheadle better than Terrance Howard .
The movie of course stars Robert Downey Jr. as Iron Man and will also feature Gwyneth Paltrow , Samuel L. Jackson , Olivia Munn and Scarlett Johansson .
Iron Man 2 comes out May 7th .
Now enough of my rambling , watch those videos .
Written by a team of veteran Gamers and Gamemasters , Gnome Stew is a widely read gaming blog with multiple awards and thousands of articles .
We 're dedicated to helping gamers have more fun at the gaming table .
" I check Gnome Stew every day . "
— Monte Cook —
" fantastic blog for game masters , dungeon masters , and rpg fans "
— Wil Wheaton —
" If you are n’t reading Gnome Stew , you ’re missing out . "
— Wolfgang Baur —
Last week Rhode Island became the fifth state this legislative session to introduce legislation seeking to legalize and regulate the adult use , possession , production , and distribution of non-medical marijuana .
Also last week lawmakers in the Hawaii Senate approved legislation seeking to ‘ decriminalize ’ ( replace criminal penalties with civil fines ) marijuana possession offenses — a policy reform that now exists in thirteen states .
Opponents of such liberalization proposals inevitably argue that any efforts toward decriminalizing or legalizing cannabis will adversely impact the public ’s use of marijuana and / or young people ’s attitudes toward it .
Yet regional data gleaned from around the word consistently demonstrates that the imposition and enforcement of harsh criminal marijuana penalties do not dissuade cannabis use , and moreover , that criminalization is an objectively ineffective public policy .
To better educate lawmakers , opinion leaders , and our own constituents of this consistent , comprehensive , and growing body of scientific literature , NORML has authored the following white paper , Real World Ramifications of Cannabis Legalization and Decriminalization .
This paper reviews dozens studies that have examined this issue in regions that have either :
a ) regulated marijuana use and sales for all adults ;
b ) decriminalized the possession of small quantities of marijuana for adults ;
c ) medicalized the use of marijuana to certain authorized individuals ; or
d ) deprioritized the enforcement of marijuana laws .
NORML ’s paper also proposes general guidelines to govern marijuana use , production , and distribution in a legal , regulated manner .
Based on the multi- decade experiences of various states and nations that have enacted various versions of marijuana decriminalization and / or legalization , NORML maintains that :
1. Strict government legalization / regulation of marijuana is unlikely to increase the public ’s use of marijuana or significantly influence attitudes .
2. Decriminalization is unlikely to increase the public ’s use of marijuana or significantly influence attitudes .
3 . Free market legalization of marijuana without strict government restrictions on commercialization and marketing is likely to increase marijuana use among the public ; however , given that the United States already has the highest per capita marijuana use rates in the world , this increase is likely to be marginal relative to other nation ’s experiences .
You can read the entire paper online here .
Spread the word …
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Old Jedi , he say : “ Do like … whatever . ”
In the film , it was one of my favourite lines delivered by Alec Guinness .
I bet he added the “ of course ” bit himself .
Guinness was always marvellous at portraying devious craftiness .
I think that should really read : “ You must do what you feel IS RIGHT – of course . ”
Instead , mine looks more like : “ Just do whatever you feel like ” .
Artwork Notes
Mechanical Stalkers
I ’ve often heard the remark about how the Eiffel Tower can be seen from every apartment window in Paris – in Hollywood movies .
Or is it – like the Landspeeder on this page – some sort of weird mechanical stalker ?
It reminds me of an animated segment that Terry Gilliam did for Monty Python ’s Flying Circus in which a 1940 ’s English terraced house breaks free of its neighbours and goes on a killing spree .
It even silently sneaks up on its victims !
Or maybe the Landspeeder just wanted to be on camera ?
Waving to its mum and dad , or giving the thumbs up , like kids do , behind outside - broadcast news reporters .
Hey , the twin suns are doing it too !
But seriously folks , seriously …
In the actual film they really had to do a bit of this .
For the Rebel Base hangar scenes , they only had a 1 X - Wing and 1 Y - Wing available , so every time they took a shot they had to wheel them about behind the actors so it ’d look as if there were loads of them .
Funny really !
Scarred – scarred I tell you !
See the two scars added to Luke ’s face ?
I ’ve « discussed these before .
I actually added them retrospectively — EVERYWHERE — after I ’d seen post - production shots of poor Mark Hamill after his car crash .
Usually they were posters that were —er , borrowed from my sister ’s magazines .
You ’ll see more of those scars .
Seriously , all through this comic I must have gone about adding them to finished drawings .
I wanted to add a bit more authenticity , I suppose .
It does n’t make sense !
He suffered the injuries just near the end of the shooting of the film .
But you know what ?
I ’m not sure he even did have those two scars !
Thinking about it now , they might have just been natural facial creases !
Thankfully , Mark survived .
Not only that , but he ’s going strong and looking fit , shooting the new Star Wars movies – in Ireland of all places !
↓ Transcript PANEL 1
--------
( Exterior shot , Tatooine .
Head and shoulders of Ben Kenobi .
The Landspeeder and twin suns are behind him )
Ben says , " You must do what you feel Luke . "
PANEL 2
--------
( Head and shoulders of Luke Skywalker .
The Landspeeder and twin suns are behind him too ! )
" Uh -huu .
Right now , I do n't feel too good ! "
Luke replies .
Please help this Webcomic -- by Sharing
Tweet
One of the great things about Rails are the many gems and plugins that help you save time .
With its comprehensive public API Rails offers a fertile breeding ground for all kinds of useful abstractions .
It 's one of the great success stories in plugin architecture , up there with Eclipse , Wordpress and others .
Some of that might change with Rails 3 .
You see , a big theme for Rails 3 is framework agnosticism , meaning that you can take the ORM layer , templating engine or another component of Rails and replace it with a framework of your choice .
For the most part , this is awesome .
We 're already using RSpec , jQuery and Haml in lieu of the default Rails stack and it will be great to integrate those tools without the hacks that used to go with it .
But I 'm not sure what will happen to the plugin ecosystem now that a plugin can no longer assume that ActiveRecord is handling the persistence .
Where there was once a consistent API to manipulate and hook into the lifecycle of a persistent object , plugins must now perform very careful checks whether an object supports more advanced traits like transactions , observers or dirty attribute tracking .
Take the latest state_machine gem , which comes with adapters for four and a half persistence layers and selectively disables features depending on what ORM is available .
While I applaud Aaron Pfeifer for going through the pain of writing all that scary integration glue , a lot of perfectly good code might not get published because the bar for being a good Rails plugin is now so much higher than it used to be .
RUNAWAY population growth will end the dream for many young Australians of ever owning their own home , says federal Labor backbencher Kelvin Thomson .
Mr Thomson has defied his party by saying Australia 's population should be capped at 26 million , disagreeing with his government 's projection of 36 million by 2050 .
Representing the inner Melbourne electorate of Wills , which is made up of 30 per cent immigrants , Mr Thomson believes Australia 's annual intake of migrants should be cut to 70,000 .
Under the Rudd government , migration has jumped to around 300,000 a year compared to 126,000 under the Howard government .
Mr Thomson said tackling population growth was necessary to stop the dreams of owning your own from fading away .
" Rising house prices and rising interest rates are leading to falling housing affordability and make it impossible for young Australians to own a home of their own , " he told reporters .
He said the appointment of Tony Bourke as minister for population was a step in the right direction .
" I believe Australia needs to have a population policy ... but we still have quite a distance to go , " he said .
" We need to take steps to stabilise our population . "
He said the Rudd government should abolish the baby bonus , which costs around $ 1.4 billion annually , and put that money to educating and training young Australians and equipping them with skills .
" The government has not been supporting university places , apprenticeships and TAFEs in the way it needs to for over a decade now , " he said .
" We 've had these things flatlining and we need to put greater investment into these areas . "
In an address to federal parliament last August , Mr Thomson outlined a 14 - point plan for population reform which called for an end to the open door policy which allows New Zealanders to move here .
In the speech he said the open - ended uncapped program made it impossible for Australia or New Zealand to implement a population policy .
He also called for a cut in the skilled migration program , sending overseas students home for two years for a cooling - off period before being eligible for permanent residence and increasing Australia 's foreign aid .
Following up on hints dropped last November , Gorillaz duo Damon Albarn and Jamie Hewlett have finally shared a few details with Vulture on their upcoming opera with Alan Moore , which is shaping up to be one of the most geek - tastic projects of all time .
Albarn confirms that the story will concern the life of famed alchemist John Dee , the 16th - century thinker who blurred the line between science and mysticism with his equal devotion to mathematics and stuff like trying to talk to angels in their own language .
But in addition to his dabbling in the occult , Dee was also a pioneer in navigation , a noted astronomer , served as a political advisor to Elizabeth I , and amassed the largest library in England — in short , he ’s a real nerd ’s nerd , right down to his fascination with the supernatural .
Here ’s what Albarn had to say :
“ It 's based on the life of John Dee , who was a very influential force in Elizabethan Europe , especially England .
He was responsible for creating the concept of the British Empire .
So he affects all our lives in one way or another …
I 've just been reading about Hermetic magic and catalysts and philosophy , which is what all of his stuff is based on — Euclid and Pythagoras and all of that stuff .
It 's a lot .
And it 's been brilliant . ”
Advertisement
Albarn claims this will be an “ opera opera , ” as opposed to the “ popera ” ( or “ flopera , ” as he says ) that was his Monkey : Journey To The West experiment .
But that ’s all hypothetical :
He admits he has n’t written any music yet , so this project is apparently still deep in the planning stages .
And considering the million different places it could go ( and all the research involved ) , it sounds like it will stay there for at least a little while .
Dave Telep evaluates high school basketball players for a living .
While most fans watch the N.C.A.A. tournament to root for their alma mater or to follow their brackets , Telep sees a referendum on his professional opinion .
Too many times , Telep said , he will see a player like Patrick O’Bryant , a 7 - footer who led Bradley on an unexpected run to the Round of 16 in 2006 , and torture himself for not having identified him as a high - caliber prospect .
So Telep , the national recruiting director of Scout.com , decided last summer to execute a semi-scientific evaluation .
Call it a study of Cinderella ’s DNA : what makes up a great midmajor player and why those players were not recruited by traditional powers .
“ You can only do my job for so long before you flip on the N.C.A.A. tournament , look at the guy from Bradley , shake your head and wonder , ‘ How did that happen ? ’ ” Telep said .
“ The whole goal of this study was to lessen my angst during the N.C.A.A. tournament . ”
In her memoir out this week , actress Pam Grier says she and Richard Pryor broke up in part because his cocaine use had led to a dangerous buildup of the drug in her vagina .
Is that even possible ?
Here 's how Grier recounts the conversation with her doctor :
He said , " Pam , I want to tell you about an epidemic that 's prevalent in Beverly Hills right now .
It 's a buildup of cocaine residue around the cervix and in the vagina .
You have it .
Are you doing drugs ? "
" No , " I said , astonished .
" Well , it 's really dangerous , " he went on .
" Is your partner putting cocaine on his penis to sustain his erection ? " " No , " I said , " not that I know of .
It 's not like he has a pile of cocaine next to the bed and he dips his penis in it before we have sex . "
I had a nauseating flash of one of Richard 's famous lines :
Even my dick has a cocaine jones .
" Are you sure he is n't doing it in the bathroom before he comes to bed ? " the doctor asked .
" That 's a possibility , " I said .
" You know , I am dating Richard Pryor . "
" Oh , my God , " he said .
" We have a serious problem here .
If he 's not putting it on his skin directly , then it 's worse because the coke is in his seminal fluid . "
Advertisement
The doctor then asks her if her mouth went numb while performing oral sex on Pryor , which she says it did , and which he links to the Novocaine - like effects of cocaine .
Advertisement
1970s icons aside , is this a real phenomenon ?
At least one doctor is highly skeptical .
We checked in with Dr. Jan Gurley , a physician who works at a public - health clinic for the homeless in San Francisco and , in her spare time , blogs for SFGate.com .
The phenomenon was news to her , but she gamely called the San Francisco Forensic Office , where the first medical examiner she spoke to also had never heard of it .
A request is in to the San Francisco Forensic Office 's Chief Toxicologist and an Ob - Gyn .
But here 's why it 's unlikely from a physiological standpoint : Cocaine is a form of adrenaline , and your body processes it on a temporary basis , Doc Gurley explained .
The speed with which your body processes it depends on the blood flow to the area ; toxicologists testing for cocaine often check the eyeballs or the nose , because those are low blood - flow areas .
The vagina , however , is a high blood - flow zone — Doc Gurley says the Ob - Gyn surgeons ' term of art is that the vagina is " very forgiving . "
( It really is , if you think about it . )
Advertisement
Bottom line : " It 's extremely unlikely that there could be any toxic vagina effect of cocaine , " Gurley says .
The one outstanding question is whether ejaculate can store cocaine , and how fast a woman could " heal " from that after sex .
Advertisement
" All in all , having any doctor tell any patient something like that smacks of either misremembered recall on the patient 's part , or , possibly more likely , a sleazy attempt by a vaguely irresponsible doc to scare someone into making a major life change , " Gurley says .
But , she adds , " This whole topic is yet another morality tale showing yet another reason why it 's so important to insist on a condom . "
Foxy : My Life In Three Acts
Related : Doc Gurley 's Blog [ SFGate ]
Advertisement
Excerpt from " FOXY : My Life in Three Acts " by Pam Grier with Andrea Cagan .
Copyright © 2010 by Pam Grier .
Reprinted by permission of Springboard , an imprint of Hachette Book Group , Inc , NY .
All rights reserved .
APPROVAL
Like a few Canucks fans out there , I am actively rooting for the Flames to miss the playoffs this year .
In all honesty the Flames ' management deserves to be punished for some of its shockingly poor decisions , including :
Signing noted 3 - goal scorer Jay Bouwmeester for $ 6.7 / year over five seasons
Trading for one - quarter of the Toronto Maple Leafs 2009 - 10 opening night roster
Trading away ( almost ) 25 - year old blue - chip defenseman Dion Phaneuf in a knee - jerk attempt to acquire some scoring
Trading for Olli Jokinen last season
Bumping against the cap last season to the point where the team had to dress only 16 skaters due to injuries
Failing to surround Jarome Iginla , one of the best power forwards in the game , with any sort of offensive talent
Until acquiring Vesa Toskola , who has been solid for the Flames since they picked him up , failing to acquire an adequate backup for Mikka Kiprusoff , forcing him to play far too many games ( 76 starts in each of the past two seasons ! )
Okay , I could go on - and believe me I am enjoying this a great deal - but the Flames ' managerial incompetence is not the point of this post .
Because , despite all the karmic justifications for rooting against Calgary , the real reason for my anti-fandom is that AS A VANCOUVER CANUCKS FAN I AM OBLIGATED TO HATE THE CALGARY FLAMES .
APPROVAL
Yes , it 's true - I consider this to be an obligation of Canucks fans .
The Canucks have had limited playoff success , and thus have generated few rivalries through postseason battles .
They have no natural geographic rival .
However , they have a long - standing and bitter rivalry with the Flames .
Every time the two teams play it is a fiercely contested game , with passionate and antagonistic crowd support on both sides .
As has been discussed on this blog before , the Canucks ' biggest rivalry is the Calgary Flames .
Many sports teams have rivals that you just have to hate if you are a fan of that team .
For example , my roommate still gives me a hard time because I had friend come over to our place for a Canucks vs. Senators game in an Ottawa jersey .
And I know many Leafs fans who cheered for the Anaheim Ducks ( i.e. against the Sens ) in the 2006 Stanley Cup Final .
If you are a fan of the Islanders you are raised to hate the Rangers .
And vice versa for Blueshirts fans , who still serenade the Islanders with chants of " Potvin sucks ! "
In the NFL , the Steelers hate the Browns and Ravens , and the Browns and Ravens hate the Steelers .
In the MLB , Red Sox fans ' second favourite team is whoever is playing the Yankees .
You get the idea .
In the 1980s the Canucks , along with the LA Kings and Winnipeg Jets , were essentially Smythe Division doormats for the Edmonton Oilers and the Flames .
Those two teams had epic Battles of Alberta that usually determined the Campbell Conference champion .
However , that rivalry is long since dead in all but name - culminating in the likely possibility that both Albertan team will miss the playoffs this year .
The Canucks / Flames rivalry , meanwhile , has been stoked by seven - game series in 2004 ( Flames won in OT ) and 1994 ( Canucks won in double - OT ) and much bad blood in regular season meetings .
It does n't hurt that the last four times these teams have met in the first round of the playoffs the winner has gone on to the Stanley Cup Final .
The Canucks in 1982 and 1994 , the Flames in 1989 and 2004 .
In fact , the only time either team has made the Final without defeating the other was in 1986 , when the Flames lost the Cup to the Canadiens and the Canucks were eliminated in the first round by the Oilers .
My first taste of Flames / Canucks rivalry came in 1989 , when I was only five years old .
I remember only snapshots from Game 7 of that series .
I remember being in a conflicted state because my 15 year - old brother had convinced me to bet $ 1 ( an absolute fortune to me at the time ) on the Flames , with him taking the Canucks .
I remember overcoming my uncertainty and wanting the win more than the money .
I remember Stan Smyl getting robbed on a breakaway my Mike Vernon in OT .
I do n't remember the winning goal ( by Joel Otto I think ? ) but I remember being crushed as I watched the Flames celebrate their series win right in front of the Canucks ' net .
Of course 1994 was a defining season for any Canucks fans old enough to remember it .
My brother took me to Game 3 against the Flames , a loss to give Calgary a 2 - 1 series lead .
I remember that someone threw a bag of peanuts at Al MacInnis as the players lined up for a faceoff after Calgary slated the victory away with an empty - netter .
I remember not having a ton of hope that the Canucks would come back from a 3 - 1 series lead , and I remember the miracles of Geoff Courtnall and Trevor Linden OT winners in consecutive games .
I remember shrieking in fear when the Flames had a 2 - 0 breakaway in the first overtime period , screaming in excitement after Kirk Mclean made a miraculous save , and shouting my lungs out when Pavel Bure finally won it in the second OT frame .
The rest of the playoffs was a magical Cinderella run that finally struck midnight in Game 7 against the Rangers .
But even though we lost , I could at least hang my hat on the defeat of the Flames and the subsequent playoff run .
And then , in 2004 , I spent the evening watching the Canucks play the Flames in Game 7 from my basement apartment in Toronto .
I chose to watch the game instead of studying for a final exam that I had the next day .
I still do not regret that decision despite the heartbreak that followed a Markus Naslund end - to - end rush that led to a Matt Cooke tying score with a few seconds left , followed by a Martin Gelinas tally for the Flames in OT while Ed Jovanovski sat in the penalty box .
The fact that we played the rest of that season without Todd Bertuzzi and most of that series without Dan Cloutier ( Alex Auld filled in ) , and then the next season was locked - out , made the loss all the more bitter .
It was the last stand for a Canucks squad that played some of the best hockey Vancouver has ever seen .
That moment of heartbreak for Canucks fans is a source of joy for Flames supporters .
My brother used to live in Calgary , and informed me that the Flames seem to revel in Canucks ' misery - following the 2004 series he was subjected , even at games in which the Canucks did not play , to extended videos of Jovonovski celebrating in the penalty box after Cooke tied the game followed by replays of Gelinas scoring the OT winner with Jovo still in the box .
Apparently a highly disproportionate of Flames highlights shown during games involve goals , hit or fights against the Canucks .
Clearly the anti-Canuck sentiment runs deep for Flames fans : witness this circa -2006 Canucks message - board hate , the " Flames Rock , Canucks SUCK Hardcore !!! "
Facebook group , this blog , and more circa -2006 hate on this blog for a small sampling of the Canucks - bashing that runs rampant online .
Admittedly much of this material , particularly the Facebook group and the message - board trash , is not indicative of high - level hockey intelligence .
However , the last link particularly shows a typical Calgary hate - on for Vancouver .
And you know what ?
I am totally fine with these sentiments .
Why ?
Because I feel the exact same way about the Flames .
It does n't matter how many nice guys or great players ( or even mediocre ex- Leafs ) the team has , I just bring myself to like them .
It 's just unnatural .
Can you imagine an Islanders fan cheering for the Rangers to make it into the playoffs ?
Yeah right .
Given the history , both of elation and heartbreak , between these two teams , I think the damage is irreparable .
In the comments on WAACH ' Cast 's post this morning , Chuckles Canuckles says of the Flames : " I hope they tank for 50 years . "
I do n't know if entirely agree with that , because if the Flames never make the playoffs in the next five decades then we wo n't have the satisfaction of watching the Canucks beat them ( and apparently our road to the Stanley Cup runs through Calgary - though hopefully that is not true this year ) .
However , I am quite pleased about the Flames ' current misery .
Which leads me , ultimately , to the point of this post .
Despite defeating the Washington Capitals 5 - 3 this afternoon , Calgary sits four points back of the Avalanche and five points back of the Kings ( each of whom have two games in - hand ) with only eight games left .
The playoff picture looks very bleak for the Flames .
And I for one am really enjoying it .
I hope the Flames miss the playoffs , because , well , no matter what the Canucks accomplish in the postseason at least I can revel in the fact that our bitter , historical rival was already on the golf course by mid-April .
If the Flames do make an improbable run for a playoff spot , they will almost certainly have to run the table .
Their final game of the season is April 10 ... against the Canucks .
Would n't it be sweet if Vancouver could deliver the final knockout blow to the Flames 09 - 10 season ?
If that happens , I am sure I will not be alone amongst Canucks fans in raising a toast - to the Canucks win , yes , but more importantly to the elimination of the Calgary Flames from playoff contention .
And you know , given the reverse situation , that Flames fans would do exactly the same thing .
In 1991 , a 21 - year - old Finnish computer science student named Linus Torvalds got annoyed .
He had bought a personal computer to use at home , but he could n't find an operating system for it that was as robust as Unix , the system he used on the computers at the University of Helsinki .
So he wrote one .
He posted it online , free for anyone to download .
But he required that anyone who figured out a way to make it better would have share the improvement with everyone else who used the system .
Torvalds would later tellWired that his motives were not noble .
" I did n't want the headache of trying to deal with parts of the operating system that I saw as the crap work , " he said .
" I wanted help . "
In his quest to avoid crap work , Torvalds unleashed a monster .
People began to download the system , dubbed Linux , all over the world .
Within a few weeks ,
Torvalds was getting emails from hundreds of users , explaining how to fix bugs and how to add new bells and whistles .
People began to write programs that would only work on Linux computer .
They founded companies around Linux - based software .
Millions of people chose Linux for their computers , and major computer companies like Microsoft and Dell begn to support the system .
Along the way , Linux evolved .
Torvalds 's first version contained 10,000 lines of code .
Linux now holds over 12 million lines .
Those 12 million lines may seem like a hopeless thicket of code , but it actually has a hidden structure .
It 's divided up into chunks , each of which carries out a particular task .
All told , they carry out 12,391 separate functions .
The functions are also connected .
If Linux carries out one function , the system will direct the computer to carry out other functions .
You can think of Linux as a network , with the functions joined together by links of control .
Computer programmers can map out that network as a so - called " call graph . "
Linux bears an uncanny resemblance to the genes in a living cell .
Many genes make proteins that act as switches for other genes .
The proteins clamp onto DNA near a target gene , allowing the cell to read the gene and make a new protein .
And that new protein may , in turn , grab onto many other genes .
Thanks to this hierarchy of switches , cells can respond to changes in their environment and quickly carry out complex behaviors , such as reorganizing themselves to feed on a new kind of food .
A number of scientists have begun to compare natural and manmade networks .
A lot of the same rules appear to be at work in the growth of the Internet , airport connections , brain wiring , ecosystem food webs , and gene networks .
But very often , scientists are finding , it 's the differences between natural and manmade networks that are most revealing , offering clues to the different ways in which people and evolution build complex things .
In the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences this week , Koon - Kiu Yang of Yale and his colleagues present the first detailed comparison of Linux 's network to a gene network .
( The paper will be here . )
Thanks to the open - source nature of Linux , the scientists could look at every line of code in every version of the system over the past two decades , from Torvald 's first primitive stab to its current sophisticated form .
And for a living cell , Yang and his colleagues turned to the living equivalent of Linux - - a biological network they could analyze from top to bottom .
They chose E. coli .
coli , since it is the best - studied species on Earth .
( Why E. coli ?
There 's a certain book that will explain it to you . )
Over the past fifty years , scientists have mapped 1,378 interactions among E. coli genes .
Out of that research , Yang and his colleagues built a microbial call graph .
They assigned each gene to one of three categories .
If a gene switched on one or more genes , but was not itself switched on by another gene , they called it a " master regulator . "
If a gene was switched on by a different gene and then , in turn , switched on other genes , the scientists dubbed it a " middle manager . "
And if the gene was switched on but did not then switch on any other genes , they called it a " workhorse . "
The scientists drew the network of master regulators , middle managers , and workhorses .
The scientists sorted all the functions in Linux by the same rules .
Here is the picture that emerged .
( N.B. : for the sake of clarity , the scientists only used 10 % of the nodes in the full Linux call graph .
But the complete picture would look the same . )
Both Linux and E. coli are organized into hierarchies .
But their hierarchies have different shapes .
E. coli's genome is dominated by workhorses .
Middle - managers and master regulators make up less than 5 % of the total number of genes .
In Linux , by contrast , over 80 % of the functions are in the upper echelons .
Each workhorse in Linux is controlled to many middle managers .
In E. coli , on the other hand , each workhorse gene is typically controlled either by a few genes or just one .
And so in E. coli it 's the higher levels where genes have the most links , not the workhorses .
Once Yang and his colleagues had drawn the two networks , they looked at the paths information takes as it flows from master regulators down to workhorses .
E. coli's genes are organized into relatively distinct modules .
When a master regulator swings into action -- in response , say , to a spike in temperature -- it switches on a set of other genes with relatively little overlap with the genes switched on by other master regulators .
Linux , by contrast , has blurry boundaries .
Four out of five Linux modules overlap , in contrast to 5 % of E. coli's .
The networks in E. coli and Linux do n't just look different .
They also grew in different ways as well .
The oldest genes in E. coli's network -- the ones shared by many other species of microbes -- are its workhorses .
The genes higher up in the E. coli hierarchy have emerged more recently .
Those higher - ranking genes have also been undergoing a lot of evolutionary change since they first emerged .
The old genes , by contrast , have changed little .
The history of Linux has played out differently .
A lot of the oldest functions in Linux are middle managers or master regulators , not workhorses as in E. coli .
And while old genes in E. coli have n't evolved much , programmers have heavily rewritten Linux 's old functions .
Both networks developed , step by step , as increasingly sophisticated systems for operating things -- computers or cells .
But the Linux network was the work of programmers , while E. coli is the product of four billion years of evolution .
The differences in the history and shape of the two networks emerge from the ways in which they developed .
The programmers who built Linux did not have the time to invent entirely new workhorse functions .
It was simpler for them to just use the old workhorse functions in new modules .
But this strategy leaves Linux a lot more fragile than a biological network .
Its modules overlap , so that in many cases , a workhorse function is essential for many different modules at once .
As a result , Linux gets buggy and prone to crashing .
And so as programmers improve Linux , they 've had to fine - tune its all - purpose functions at every step of the way .
E. coli is far more rugged .
Mutations crop up all the time as the bacteria multiply , and yet they generally do n't suffer a catastrophic network crash .
One reason E. coli is so robust is that its modules have evolved to be distinct .
Overlapping modules make cells particularly vulnerable to mutations , because a single mutation can shut down a lot of their essential biology .
Natural selection favors organisms with a more rugged network .
Because E. coli is the product of evolution , rather than of programmers , parts of its genome have changed relatively little over billions of years .
The oldest parts of the network are the workhorse genes -- the ones that encode primitive proteins that do the fundamental work of life , like building new pieces of DNA .
They can tolerate very little change .
It 's much easier instead for E. coli to evolve new ways of controlling those workhorses .
This kind of comparison is very new , and it's not clear yet what scientists will find when they compare Linux to other genomes -- particular to the genomes of more complex species like ourselves .
E. coli has only about 4300 genes .
We have 20,000 protein - coding genes .
A lot of those genes control other genes .
Indeed , a typical human gene has a lot of switches , all of which have to be thrown in order for the gene to make a protein in a certain situation .
The human genome is also packed with thousands of genes that do n't encode proteins , but which may encode RNA molecules that also switch genes on and off .
Scientists just do n't know enough yet about the human genome to map its network the way they 've mapped E. coli .
But it 's possible that when they finally do , it will be a lot more top - heavy , with a lot more overlapping modules and multi-tasking workhorses .
If that turns out to be the case , biologists will have a new question to keep them busy for a long time to come : how did Linus get to be so much like Linux ?
[ Update : Fixed Torvalds 's name and other typos .
Thanks for the proofing ! ]
Here is a shocking statistic that you wo n’t hear in most western news media : over the past nine years , more US military personnel have taken their own lives than have died in action in either the wars in Iraq or Afghanistan .
These are official figures from the US Department of Defence , yet somehow they have not been deemed newsworthy to report .
Last year alone , more than 330 serving members of the US armed forces committed suicide – more than the 320 killed in Afghanistan and the 150 who fell in Iraq ( see wsws.org ) .
Since 2001 , when Washington launched its so - called war on terror , there has been a dramatic year - on - year increase in US military suicides , particularly in the army , which has borne the brunt of fighting abroad .
Last year saw the highest total number since such records began in 1980 .
Prior to 2001 , the suicide rate in the US military was lower than that for the general US population ; now , it is nearly double the national average .
A growing number of these victims have been deployed in Iraq or Afghanistan .
What these figures should tell us is that there is something fundamentally deranged about Washington ’s “ war on terror ” – which is probably why western news media prefer to ignore the issue .
How damning is it about such military campaigns that the number of US soldiers who take their own lives outnumber those killed by enemy combatants .
What is even more disturbing is that the official figures only count victims of suicide among serving personnel .
Not included are the many more veterans – officially classed a civilians – who take their own lives .
Most likely , these deaths are reported in some small - town newspaper in “ a brief ” news item with no context or background as to what drove these individuals to take their own lives .
It is estimated that the suicide rate among veterans demobbed from fighting in Afghanistan and Iraq is as high as four times the national average .
The US Department of Veteran Affairs calculates that over 6,000 former service personnel commit suicide every year .
Many of these men have come home to a country they have fought for only to find no jobs , their homes repossessed by banks that have enjoyed trillion - dollar bailouts and broken relationships .
Meanwhile , President Obama – the erstwhile peace candidate – has taken on the role of Commander in Chief with gusto , telling his countrymen and women that they are fighting a “ just war ” to “ defend American lives ” .
Only a year ago , he was campaigning for the presidency on a ticket to end such wars .
Now , more than his predecessor , George W Bush , Obama is committing to wars without end .
How soul - destroying is that for a grunt holed up in a bunker , with his young family back home probably telling him that they have just signed up for food stamps ?
In their guts , these US soldiers must know – as many other ordinary people around the world do – that these wars are nothing but a desperate , pathological bid by a dying power to salvage its crumbling empire – an empire that enriches a tiny elite and impoverishes the majority .
Is it any wonder that many of them simply lose the will to live ?
Web and mobile apps come under review on new Stanford site
Stanford Law School's M. Ryan Calo helps launch a new site that 's a little bit Yelp , a little bit Wikipedia and a little bit Consumer Reports , to help people figure out just how safe some apps are .
L.A. Cicero M. Ryan Calo
About to download a new application to your smartphone ?
Ready to play a game on Facebook that requires you to join a network ?
All you have to do is share a little bit of personal information , trust the systems are secure , and you 're on your way .
But before you enter your password or click the box allowing access to your profile , there 's probably a moment of wonder :
Who wants to know these things , and why ?
M. Ryan Calo , a residential fellow at Stanford Law School 's Center for Internet and Society , has helped design a website to erase some of that mystery .
What App ? , officially being launched this month at http://www.whatapp.org, reviews web and mobile apps for privacy , security and openness .
The goal is to help guard against computer hacking , identity theft , spam and phishing .
The reviews , now being written by a team of about 15 lawyers , computer scientists , and privacy and security experts from Stanford and other institutions , are about to become the responsibility of those who visit the site .
Think Consumer Reports blended with Wikipedia and Yelp , but focused on the narrow issue of Internet security and privacy .
" People are going online to opine about the security and privacy of apps all the time , " Calo said .
" But none of that discussion is centralized .
What we 're trying to say is that if you 're doing it already , come and do it here . "
The site also reviews web browsers like Firefox and Safari , social networks including Twitter and Facebook and the mobile platforms that run them – Apple 's iPhone , Windows Mobile and Google 's Android .
More than 200 apps are listed on the website now , and dozens have been reviewed .
Calo expects those numbers to grow quickly as users begin adding their evaluations and start requesting reviews on specific apps .
Visitors will have the chance to register as " expert reviewers " and create public profiles that list their credentials .
Calo and his team will verify that new reviewers are who they claim to be , but will leave it to the What App ? community to size up the experts and even rebut their claims .
" The idea is not to be exclusive and create a club , " Calo said .
" If you know something or have an opinion about how good or bad an app 's privacy is , feel free to weigh in . "
Reviewers will be asked to rate an app based on several questions , some of which can be answered after a careful study of an application 's privacy and security policy – the small print of the app world .
The reviews come in the form of written comments and badges that award applications up to five green bars for privacy , security and openness .
Wikis accompany the reviews to summarize what the app does , and the site immediately serves up a list of links to news stories about an app 's privacy and security issues .
The site also allows app developers to sign in and write notes about the privacy and security of their creations .
Again , Calo says the reviewers and other site users will help keep those claims honest .
WhatApp ? shines a strong light on the best and worst of the app world , with a " featured app " on the homepage highlighting a product that can be used to enhance online privacy and a " penalty box " that calls out an app for having a poor privacy policy or substandard security features .
" The entire point is to drive the application market toward better privacy and security practices by rewarding those who do a good job and penalizing those who don't , " Calo said .
" Privacy is about having control over information that pertains to you .
I think we 're rapidly losing that control , and this is a way to monitor what 's being done with information being collected . "
WhatApp ? is funded by a grant from the Rose Foundation .
Media Contact
Adam Gorlick , Stanford News Service : ( 650 ) 725-0224 , [ email protected ]
With a loss in game five , the Devils were officially eliminated from the playoffs .
Now , the offseason duties start for general manager Lou Lamoriello .
While he ’s already said coach Jacques Lemaire will return next year , there are several players Lamoriello will need to decide on .
Below is a list of the players .
While some should return , others have worn out their welcome and need to be shown the door .
Ilya Kovalchuk
After the game five loss , Kovalchuk informed the media that he’d be “ open ” to resigning with the Devils in the offseason .
Today , in a press conference with the media , Lamoriello insisted he ’ll try to re-sign the left - winger .
Kovalchuk earned 27 points in 27 games for the Devils , and that point - per - game production matched only Zach Parise on the team .
Kovalchuk , who excited Devils ’ fans , brings a proven goal - scorer to the lineup .
He also seemed to be meshing with some other players near the end of the season , including Patrik Elias .
With a full season under his belt , and a consistent line to play with , Kovalchuk could probably replicate his numbers from Atlanta .
But that ’s also a big if .
As one of the top free agent targets this season , Kovalchuk can command between eight and 10 million dollars of annual salary .
I believe the Devils would reap the benefits of signing him long term .
But will Lamoriello be willing to break the bank ?
I think it would be worth the risk , but for one Kovalchuk , Lamoriello might be able to take care of other team needs .
Paul Martin
If Kovalchuk is free agent target number one , than Martin is target 1a .
The young Devils ’ defenseman has become one of the leaders on the blue line .
While he spent considerable time injured this season , we ’ve seen Martin mature into an above - average offensive defenseman in this league .
Remember , he and David Hale came up together and were touted as the next Scott Niedermayer – Scott Stevens duo .
Since he came into the league in 2003 - 2004 , Martin has been a dependable player , playing in at least 70 games .
He ’s also increased his offensive output , routinely collecting 30 + points along the blue line .
And , finally , he ’s also solid defensively , only finishing with a negative +/- rating once in his seven - year career .
After Kovalchuk , Martin should be the number one priority for the Devils .
His offensive skills bring an advantage , and he serves as a weapon on the powerplay .
But , more importantly , he ’s an improving young defenseman .
I do n’t think we ’ve seen Martin reach his full potential , and re-signing him should be a priority .
Rob Niedermayer
Niedermayer played his role this year , centering the third line and playing a defensive role on the penalty kill .
Niedermayer also chipped in offensively , putting in 10 goals and tallying 12 assists in 71 games .
While he played well , he ’s also dispensable .
The Devils have young guys , such as Rod Pelley , who can step in and center the checking line ( and for less money than Niedermayer ) .
He played well in a Devils sweater , but he ’s not vital to the team and should n’t be a high priority .
Mike Mottau
Oh , Mr. Mottau .
Mottau was one of the streakiest Devils ’ defenseman in recent memory .
He ’d play well in bursts , and I ’d think that maybe he’d be worth keeping around .
But then we ’d see the terrible routes to the puck , the indecision , and the overall bad play .
While I think he improved this season , I also think the Devils would be better to give younger players , like Mark Fraser , Matt Corrente , or Tyler Eckford the opportunity to play .
Martin Skoula
Skoula was a deadline addition , one of the typical Lou Lamoriello quiet deadline deals .
He improved the depth of the defense , but overall was n’t impressive .
The Devils can live without him .
Yann Danis
The backup did n’t get many starts this year , so it ’s difficult to tell whether or not he should come back .
Since Martin Brodeur will start 90 % of the games , it will be up to Danis if he wants to return .
Other UFA : Ilkka Pikkarainen , Cory Murphy
April 19 , 2010  --
For the last eight years , Nicky has struggled with advanced ovarian cancer , and despite repeated rounds of chemotherapy and radiation , it 's unclear how long she has to live .
" Ovarian cancer has a very bleak outlook -- less than 30 percent make it to five years , " said the 67 - year - old former New York City French teacher .
" I was diagnosed in 2002 , and I was going in to my fourth year and had a recurrence -- which was like the proverbial shoe dropping -- and it frightened me so much . "
" For the moment , there is no pain , " she said .
" The most difficult part is leaving this world early .
I was n't ready to get on that bus . "
Coming of age in the drug - infused 1960s , Nicky , who , for privacy reasons , did not want to use her last name , did n't smoke marijuana and avoided the hippie sub-culture .
" It never interested me , " she said .
" It was n't necessary in my life . "
But last May , Nicky volunteered to take a psychedelic " trip " on psilocybin -- the hallucinogenic compound from " magic mushrooms " -- which has been used for thousands of years by indigenous cultures to reach higher levels of spirituality and consciousness .
Today , even after losing seven friends from her cancer support group in 15 months , Nicky said she is less afraid of death and is living her life more " honestly and authentically . "
Nicky was one of the first terminally ill participants in an ongoing study at New York University on the use of hallucinogens to help those with terminal illnesses .
" I had a wonderful life , a fabulous child and beautiful grandchildren , and here my life was cut short , " she said .
" I thought of my two granddaughters and not seeing them growing up and graduating from college -- it made me profoundly sad .
I wanted to do something for myself , to be able to live more in the moment , rather than worrying about the future and having all these existential thoughts about what life was all about . "
Her " trip " took place under full medical supervision in a warm , living room - like setting with art books , fresh fruit , flowers and soothing music .
She was given a pill in an earthenware chalice and a single rose , then hunkered down on a cozy sofa with eyeshades and headphones .
" I was in a dome and it was all bejeweled with colors , mostly striped , like a kaleidoscope , but not turning , " she said .
" Every once in awhile , the dome would open up at the top and send a luminescence , " she said .
" I was in awe and could feel myself taking deep breaths .
At the same , tears were running down my face , but I was not crying . "
" It was incredible , " she said .
" I wanted to share it .
I could n't believe the world could be so beautiful . "
Researchers at New York University say that in a controlled setting , hallucinogens , which alter perception and cognition , can help patients reduce the anxiety , personal isolation and fear of death .
" I am still not ready to die , " said Nicky , who just returned from trips to Mexico and Bali and boxes with a trainer several times a week .
" It 's definitely improved my interactions with those closest to me and figuring out how I want to live my life . "
" Has my anxiety of dying gone away ?
I would say no , I do n't ever want to die .
Will I be able to walk toward death with a little less fear ?
Perhaps , " she said .
" I know it sounds trite , but I live more in the moment , " she said .
The three - year study , " Effects of Psilocybin on Anxiety and Psychosocial Distress in Advanced Cancer Patients , " is being privately funded by the Zurich - based Heffter Research Institute , which promotes the use of psychedelics for the alleviation of suffering .
Fully approved by the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) , it adheres to rigorous safety guidelines and protocols .
Researchers hope that it will one day lead to reclassification of Schedule 1 hallucinogens so that doctors may prescribe them to patients for palliative care , depression and even addiction .
" It 's daunting working with people in the midst of death , " said principal investigator Dr. Stephen Ross , assistant professor of psychiatry and director of the NYU Langone Center of Excellence on Addiction .
" To help people to have a good death , and not more chemotherapy , to prepare for the final part of life and to die with dignity and do it in a way that they are not frightened , that is one of the most important endeavors as a physician . "
NYU Looking for Participants in Hallucinogen Study
Ross and his colleagues are looking for 32 patients who are willing to participate in the random , double - blind study .
To be eligible , patients must be 18 to 76 years old with the diagnosis of a " potentially life - threatening disease " or advanced or recurrent cancer who are displaying symptoms of acute stress , anxiety or adjustment disorder due to their disease .
Patients are screened carefully -- those with psychotic spectrum disorders , such as schizophrenia , bipolar disorder and severe depression cannot participate .
" Mysticism is really the cornerstone of all major religions going back millennia , " said co-principal investigator Anthony Bossis , professor of psychiatry and anesthesiology at the NYU School of Medicine .
" It is characterized by a sense of unity , transcendence , connecting to the broader universe and a sense of life and the promotion of personal spirituality , " he said .
" It recalibrates how we see our life and gives a sense of sacredness and reshapes how we view death . "
A mystical experience can help root patients like Nicky more in the present , according to Bossis .
" People with cancer can spend their final days and months not anxious and improvement in quality of life is attainable , " he said .
" These experiences have the potential to do that . "
Scientists across the country have shown a renewed interest in the medical uses of hallucinogens .
So far , 80 to 90 patients have had similar experiences in studies on psilocybin at other universities including Johns Hopkins and UCLA .
In a study on 36 patients at Johns Hopkins , researchers looked at the effects of psilocybin on depression .
At the 14 - month follow - up , more than 60 percent of volunteers rated the experience as among the five most meaningful and spiritually significant of their lives ; 58 percent reported a " complete " mystical experience .
" We have come a long way in pain management with the use of opiods , but the sheer anxiety is so hard to address in a medical setting , " said Bossis , a clinical psychologist whose specialty is end - of - life care .
" The heart of this study is to address these levels of suffering and get at the existential [ fear ] of not being here any longer that we all face , " he said .
" We provide an empirical experience where the patient goes into a journey -- his own journey -- and can find resolution and peace and transformation and return back here to integrate it into their lives . "
Psilocybin , an alkaloid compound in the tryptamine family , is produced by hundreds of species of fungi and acts on the serotonin receptors in the part of the brain responsible for non-verbal imagery and emotion .
Its mind - altering effects can last anywhere from three to eight hours .
It is in the same class of chemicals as mescaline , contained in the peyote cactus , which is used in religious ceremonies by Native Americans , and dimethyltryptamine , which is in ayahuasca , used by indigenous South American religions .
The effects are sometimes described as similar to near - death experiences .
Some research has shown that brain activity under psilocybin mimics closely that of Buddhist monks meditating .
" It appears we are hardwired with neuro - circuitry to meditate and have the spiritual experience , " said Ross .
Abuses of LSD Led to a Ban on Hallucinogens in 1966
Psychologist Timothy Leary popularized hallucinogens like LSD in his 1964 book with Ralph Metzner , " The Psychedelic Experience , " which he hailed as a way to " journey into new realms of consciousness . "
" It opens the mind , frees the nervous system of it ordinary patterns and structures , " Leary wrote .
Experiments with LSD took place as early as the late 1940s and 1950s , after it was discovered in an ergot fungus by Swiss chemist Dr. Albert Hoffman .
By 1965 , more than 2,000 papers had described positive results in 40,000 patients with few side effects and a high level of safety in the treatment of psychiatric orders , depression , sexual dysfunction , bereavement and even addiction , according to the British Journal of Psychiatry .
But by 1966 , the drug was made illegal after abuses by the hippie counterculture , scientists distanced themselves and the government cracked down on research licenses .
By the 1970s , under pressure from the U.S. Justice Department , virtually all research ended .
" It got demonized as a most addictive drug , but the irony is that it is not addictive , " said Ross .
" Used in the models we describe , it can actually lead to sustained sobriety . "
Volunteers in the NYU study agree to take part in two full - day sessions , seven weeks apart , where they are administered either a placebo or the psilocybin .
They are monitored for anxiety and outcomes two to four weeks prior to drug administration , then one day prior , then again seven hours , one day and several weeks ' intervals until 26 weeks post administration .
Investigators also measure depression , pain and quality of life as well as attitude toward their disease progression at designated intervals .
Beforehand , they undergo preparation for the experience in psychotherapy .
" We take their life narrative and their cancer narrative and review all the safety parameters -- what happens if X , " said Ross .
When the drug is administered , the patient is paired with a male and female therapist to monitor responses and for comfort .
" Emotional stability optimizes the chance for a good experience , " said Bossis .
" Trust with the monitors is crucial .
If the patient does n't feel safe , we do n't go forward . "
Sometimes the experience is traumatizing , but facing fears is part of the process .
Doctors have an antidote to abort the experience , if necessary , or use valium to calm a patient down .
" We encourage them to go inward , to minimize the communication with us and enter the experience , even if it 's something dark and difficult that comes before them , " said Bossis .
" We tell patients that no matter where they find themselves , they will return to a normal state of consciousness within six hours . "
Two of the three patients in Nicky 's group have already died .
Both reported extraordinary experiences -- " a cleansing of the body and soul of grief and sadness and an increase in the acceptance of the disease and the dying process , " according to Bossis .
The patients said they wanted to give back more -- financially or emotionally – and were able to reconnect with estranged friends and family members .
Both were " peaceful and thankful , " at the end , he said .
As for Nicky , the first hour of her psychedelic journey was awe - inspiring , but the second part was deeper and more emotional .
At several points , she had to sit up and take off her eyeshades and seek the comfort of Ross and her other therapist .
" I became profoundly sad , and I actually had to sit up after 45 minutes and talk to them and I cried a lot , " she said .
" There was another scenario , then I went through the rest by myself . "
In six hours , when it was all over , she stayed and analyzed her experience with the doctors .
" In therapy we had been working on my top five [ issues with death or family ] , " she said .
" During my experience , I reordered the hierarchy of issues to lead a more authentic life emotionally .
I did n't realize my number four was actually number one . "
" It was such an enormous gift , " said Nicky .
" It 's really amazing that a king 's ransom arrived at my door step . "
Today , Nicky said she would take psilocybin again -- " in a New York minute . "
She continues her therapy at NYU and will go on a drug trial soon for late - stage ovarian cancer .
She also hopes that her openness about the psychedelic experience will help others .
" I do n't think people should be so afraid of something that could be so helpful when you are nearing the end of life , " she said .
" I had huge insight into my head .
I can still conjure it up and I tried for very long to relive it -- it was breathtaking . "
Nicky never expected to find God .
" I did n't have that spiritual experience , but my dome was very close , " she said .
" When it opened up several times and let in the light , I would have thought it was my creator if I had been religious . "
For more information on how to participate in the study , contact patient coordinator Krystallia Kalliontzi at 212-998-9252 or kk71@nyu.edu .
Verizon recently pushed the Android 2.1 update to Motorola Droid ’s around America and now its time for the HTC Hero to get its dose of goodness .
Continue crying Droid Eris and Sprint Hero owners … this one is only rumored for the European HTC Hero .
That does n’t mean you wo n’t get it sooner or later , it just means this latest rumor is not associated .
According to HTC Club , an inquiry regarding the 2.1 update for the Hero was sent to HTC who responded with the following :
Thank you for contacting us , Regarding your request , kindly be informed that there are Rom upgrades to the HTC Hero released for the handsets with the following Roms Nordic / Greek / RUS / UKR / SA on the 16th of April .
Rom upgrades for other handsets should follow shortly .
Please note that you can contact us via support line .
For further details , please go to http://www.htc.com/europe/CA_Hotline.aspx, you ’ll find a toll free number that you can dial only from a landline .
Best Regards ,
HTC Team
http://www.htc.com
Just to reiterate those key points :
HTC Hero
Android 2.1
April 16th
Other handsets should follow shortly
This is the kind of stuff we like to hear – let the waiting begin continue !
Oh yeah , and for the record , this is filed as a rumor .
[ Via PhoneArena , GSMdome ]
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
UPDATE : Veggie burger rumors are flying !
Some readers and other news organizations have alleged that the study I wrote about on Monday was funded by the pro-meat , anti-soy group the Weston A. Price Foundation .
But this morning , I spoke with Cornucopia Institute director Mark Kastel , who said that the Weston A. Price Foundation did not contribute any funding to the “ Behind the Bean ” ( pdf ) study .
More here .
On Monday , I wrote about a recent study by the Cornucopia Institute that found that many popular veggie burgers are made with hexane , an EPA - registered air pollutant and a neurotoxin .
Commenters had lots of interesting discussions and good questions , many of which require far more knowledge of the subject than I have to answer .
So I called up Charlotte Vallaeys , the lead researcher on the Cornucopia Institute ’s soy study “ Behind the Bean , ” ( pdf ) to talk about some of the issues readers have raised .
One commenter points out that “ Soy protein , soy protein isolate , and textured vegetable protein all contain processed free glutamic acid ( MSG ) . ”
Is there MSG in most fake meat ?
Vallaeys says many fake meat products do in fact contain ingredients that are made from some of the same compounds as MSG ( and processed free glutamic acid is one of them ) , though the Cornucopia Institute has not investigated the health effects of these compounds .
Mayo Clinic ’s page on MSG is here .
How about other soy products like tempeh and tofu ?
Are they often made with hexane , too ?
Tempeh is rarely made with hexane , and most tofu is n’t either , unless it ’s advertised as low fat or fat free .
“ If the product is made with whole soy beans , which most regular tofu is , that ’s not hexane extracted , ” says Vallaeys .
“ But some tofu companies are now coming out with a low - fat line of tofu , which is often done with hexane - extracted soy . ”
“ I switched to using mostly Quorn products because they are soy free .
Are they bad , too ? ”
Vallaeys says she has n’t looked into Quorn fake meat directly .
I did a cursory search , though , and found that the main ingredient is a mycoprotein , a fungus .
From this explanation of how mycoprotein is made , it does n’t seem like hexane is involved , but man !
Talk about a processed food .
“ If any cooking oils , margarines , or other products that use oils do n’t say ‘ expeller pressed ’ on the ingredient statement , they are likely processed with hexane . ”
True ?
That ’s right , says Vallaeys .
“ It ’s not just soy - based oils either .
Hexane is used to extract oils from corn and other plants , too . ”
“ Hexane ’s boiling point is well below grilling temperature ( 69 C , about 157F ) .
That ’s cooler than even a toaster .
Is there any evidence that the slightest bit remains in a veggie burger ? ”
Vallaeys :
“ The evaporation argument is often used by the companies that make these products .
But what happens to the food when you cook it with this neurotoxic compound ?
Does it react with other substances and create new compounds before it evaporates ?
That really has not been studied .
We think there should be more testing done on what these substances do to the food .
Another commenter referred to a study where researchers fed hens hexane .
Basically , they found that the hens could consume a whole lot of the stuff before experiencing adverse effects .
So does n’t this mean we should n’t worry about the miniscule amounts of hexane residue that may or may not be present in fake meat ?
“ That study is about hens , and as far as we know , there have n’t been any studies done on humans , ” says Vallaeys .
But she also notes that when it comes to human health effects of hexane , the residue issue is n’t the main point .
“ The bigger picture here is that hexane is being released into the atmosphere — since it ’s an air pollutant .
It leads to smog , which is ground - level ozone , which leads to a whole bunch of health problems , like asthma in kids .
These effects are very real . ”
Philip Wolmuth/ reportdigital.co.uk
IT IS hard to believe that such appalling crimes could have been committed by anyone so young .
Two boys in the north of England were subjected to a sadistic attack that caused parents across the country to shudder .
The anguish of the children was awful enough .
But in a grotesque twist , their tormentor was also a child , not yet even a teenager .
The attacks had been carried out “ solely for the pleasure and excitement ” of it , the judge in the case said .
What has society come to when such evil is found in those so young ?
That was in 1968 .
Mary Bell , the daughter of a Tyneside prostitute and supposedly the victim of repeated abuse herself , became Britain 's most famous child - killer when , just 11 years old , she was convicted of strangling two young boys .
Now , a similar case is causing people to wonder again whether society has gone to the dogs .
Two brothers from the South Yorkshire village of Edlington , aged ten and 11 , were convicted on January 22nd of torturing and sexually abusing two younger boys in an ordeal that left one of them close to death .
The case was highlighted by David Cameron , the leader of the opposition , who on the day the boys were sentenced launched a chapter of his Conservative Party 's election manifesto dedicated to dealing with what he calls Britain 's “ broken society ” .
The Edlington case was not “ just some isolated incident of evil ” , Mr Cameron said .
Connecting it to four other infamous examples of callous brutality , he declared that it raised “ deep questions about what is going wrong in our society ” .
Britain is experiencing a social recession to match the economic one , he reckons .
Those good old days in full
Was Mary Bell 's Britain better than today 's version ?
An increasing number of people seem to think so .
Opinion pollsters around the world find that people are usually gloomy about the future , perhaps because it is inherently more uncertain than the past .
But Britons are getting even more downbeat .
When Labour came to power in 1997 , 40 % of the population thought the country was becoming a worse place to live in .
By 2007 that had risen to 60 % .
A year on , and a year into Gordon Brown 's spell as prime minister , the malcontents numbered 71 % — and that was before the financial crash .
There has been a “ surge of nostalgia ” for the good old days , says Ben Page , head of Ipsos - Mori , a polling firm .
Chief among people 's worries is their security .
Under Labour , fear of crime climbed until by 2007 it had become the issue that pollsters identified as the main complaint among voters .
( Since then worries about the economy have eclipsed all else . )
The heightened fears are a puzzle to criminologists , who point out that over the past 15 years Britain has experienced a steady , deep fall in crime .
The statistics are notoriously hard to interpret , but according to the British Crime Survey , the Home Office 's most reliable measure though still far from perfect , crime overall has dropped by 45 % since its peak in 1995 .
A big chunk of that fall is owing to reductions in vehicle theft and domestic burglary , for which alarm manufacturers and increased householder vigilance probably deserve as much credit as the police .
But violent crime has fallen too .
It is now almost half what it was in 1995 , and no higher than in 1981 ( see chart 1 ) .
Looking more carefully , the big fall in brutality has been in domestic violence , which has dropped by a staggering 70 % .
( No one is sure why ; the best guess is that an improving economy has kept men out of the house and given women enough money to escape if they need to . )
Violence at the hands of strangers — the prospect that probably drives fear of crime more than anything else — has fallen by far less , and in fact rose in the most recent reporting period .
Robbery has not gone down as much as burglary , perhaps because personal security has not improved in line with domestic security .
But it too has been falling .
This sort of upbeat , wonkish analysis enrages those who insist that , for ordinary people , Britain is a more frightening place than it once was , whatever official statistics might say .
In parts of the country , and some of the time , that is bound to be true .
Until recently the Home Office crime survey did not interview under - 16s .
Nor does it weight serious crimes more heavily than mild ones , which means that a drop in bicycle theft could cancel out an increase in assaults .
The Conservatives say that this has masked a rise in rare but serious crimes — particularly gun and knife crime .
The evidence is mixed .
Gun crime has in fact been pretty flat nationwide .
Data on knife crime are poor , but some doctors say that they are dealing with more stabbings , and the number of murders involving “ sharp instruments ” ( bottles as well as knives ) has risen slightly .
Murders using guns increased alarmingly during the first few years of Labour 's time in office , but have since dropped back down .
Indeed , the day before Mr Cameron made his “ broken society ” pitch it was announced that the total number of homicides recorded by the police was at its lowest in 19 years .
Children at risk
One of the clearest long - term trends relates directly to the Edlington question .
Parents have probably never been more worried about their offspring , but the truth is that children seem to be less at risk now than in the past .
The number of killings of under -15s has “ collapsed ” since the 1970s , according to Colin Pritchard of Bournemouth University .
Professor Pritchard calculates that in 1974 Britain was the third - biggest killer of children in the rich world .
By his reckoning it is now 17th , following a 70 % drop in child homicides .
To be on the safe side , he did the analysis again , including cases where the cause of death was undetermined ; even then the number of cases had halved .
He credits closer co-operation between police and social services , which kicked off in a big way in 1979 .
Children also seem to be committing fewer serious offences themselves .
Martin Narey , a former Home Office big cheese who now runs Barnardo's , a venerable children 's charity , points out that the number of under - 16s being convicted of the gravest offences is at least a third lower than it was in the early 1990s .
There are fewer Mary Bells about , not more .
If the world outside the front door is safer than it used to be , what of the world within it ?
Families have certainly changed : most obviously , marriage has gone from being the norm to almost a minority pursuit , in line with most of Europe .
The number of couples getting married has halved since the 1950s ; within five years , the majority of British babies are expected to be born to unmarried parents .
Britain 's divorce rate is among the highest in Europe — though it is also at its lowest since 1979 .
The marriage question has become an unexpected flashpoint of the election campaign , with the Conservatives vowing to promote it through a tax break for married couples and gay civil - partners , in contrast to Labour and the Liberal Democrats who refuse to favour marriage over unmarried cohabitation .
Everyone agrees , however , that two nappy - changers are better than one .
Here , Britain has a problem : single - parent families are about three times more common than they were in 1970 , following a big rise in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
At the same time , parents have been getting older .
The average age of first childbirth is now 28 , driven up by people 's desire to settle down later .
Teenage pregnancies have been falling too , though they remain among Europe 's highest .
Despite a small uptick in 2007 , the latest full year for which figures are available , rates of conception among 15 - to 17 - year - olds in England and Wales were almost 11 % lower than in 1998 , and among 13 - to 15 - year - olds they were almost 8 % lower .
Figures for the first three quarters of 2008 confirm the broadly falling trend .
The real eye - opener is a long - term series including older teenagers .
Conception among 15 - to 19 - year - olds has dropped by nearly a sixth since 1969 though there are more girls of that age ( oddly , the number of pregnancies has started to rise again since 2003 ) .
And fewer still are becoming mothers , owing to a steep increase in abortions after they were made legal in 1967 .
Today , only half as many girls between 15 and 19 bear a child in their teens as when their grandmothers were that age ( see chart 2 ) .
Getty Images
An under - reported fracture in the way Britons live has been caused not by fecklessness but by wealth and good health .
Far more people are living alone .
There are twice as many lone pensioners as there were in 1961 , because the elderly are living longer and can afford to keep their home when their partner dies .
The number of younger people who live alone has more than trebled since then because singletons are postponing marriage and earn enough to have their own place until they couple up .
More wealth means less need for sharing accommodation with flatmates , so despite a big increase in unmarried cohabiting , there has been an overall drop in the number of households containing unrelated adults .
Social patterns may indeed have become more fractured , but the biggest changes have been made out of choice .
The vice squad
That may not produce a happier society .
Britons make plenty of appalling decisions in other aspects of their lives , including binge - drinking and drug - taking .
But some bad habits are being kicked .
Smoking is falling , among adults and children , and Britain 's rate is now one of the rich world 's lowest ( see chart 3 ) .
Alcohol consumption rose alarmingly towards the end of the 20th century , even as it fell in many other countries ( see chart 4 ) .
But Britons over 15 still rank a sober tenth in the OECD , and there have recently been tentative signs of a decline in drinking by both adults and children .
That is not the end of the matter : Britons ' penchant for less frequent but more sozzling drinking sessions than most others leads to public disorder and violence .
And years of binge - drinking have left a lasting health problem in the form of increasing cirrhosis of the liver and the like .
But things do seem to be looking up .
Among teenagers an interesting trend is emerging : the number of young people who abstain completely from alcohol is rising , but those who do drink are guzzling more .
Something similar is happening with the consumption of drugs .
Over the past five years there has been a fall in overall drug abuse , driven mainly by declining interest in cannabis .
But consumption of cocaine , a less common but more dangerous drug , has doubled , and it is now more popular in Britain than almost anywhere else in western Europe .
It seems that while the majority are sobering up , a dedicated minority are partying on .
Less crime , less killing , fewer teenage mums , far fewer fags , perhaps a bit less drink and drugs : why is it that the idea of “ broken Britain ” rings true with so many , when it seems far from reality ?
Partly , it is because people 's ideas about the state of society are simply inaccurate : the average voter reckons that four out of ten teenagers have children , for instance , whereas in fact perhaps three in a hundred do .
Official statistics to the contrary are viewed with suspicion after successive governments have relentlessly massaged them .
Another reason is that other countries sometimes seem to be dealing with their problems more quickly than Britain .
It is galling to see Italy , say , cutting back fast on the booze .
In America , too , voices of right - wing doom who once urged the righteous to set up firewalls against contagion from the Sodom and Gomorrah around them are now seeing heartening signs there of social “ re-norming ” .
The view from Witney
Yet Britons refuse to do the same , and for this their newspapers , which seldom look on the sunny side of life , are much to blame .
“ NAME THE DEVIL BOYS — WE MUST NOT LET THEM HIDE ” , roared the Mail on Sunday on January 24th , quoting the parents of the Edlington victims .
Newspapers were no less lurid a century ago .
But there is one big change : a shift in readership from local papers to national ones .
Mr Cameron 's comfortable Witney constituents are dropping the Oxford Mail in favour of national titles or the television , which report the most gruesome stories from across the country , not just the county .
In this way local crises , such as an outbreak of teenage stabbings in London in 2007 and 2008 , become national panics , causing fear even in regions where the problem does not exist .
And bad news travels best : the fact that London 's teenage - murder rate quietly halved last year was not widely reported outside the capital .
Britain has plenty of things to worry about ; it would be absurd to suggest the contrary .
But the big ones are not sex , drugs and rock 'n roll .
There is a statistically small class of people , including a number of underskilled young whites and Caribbeans , who are being left behind in a general march toward the light .
Many of those who were already at the bottom of the pile are finding it impossible to get out from under and join in .
And this is serious .
Household income rose by an average of 2 % a year between 1996 - 97 and 2007 - 08 , but on most measures it ended up more unequally distributed than at any time since at least 1961 , according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies , a think - tank .
The proportion of young people aged 16 to 24 who are not in education , employment or training ( NEETs ) changed little between the end of 2001 and the end of 2008 despite a ( pre-recession ) buoyant labour market and lots of government attempts to help them connect with a job .
Though measured unemployment is relatively low , the number of those who do not look for work because of real or fancied incapacity is very high .
At the root of it all is an education system that has long failed to educate the great mass of children usefully .
It is showing its limitations more than ever now that manufacturing jobs for the unskilled are vanishing .
For all the government fanfare about better - than - ever national exam results ( partly achieved by grading fluffier subjects more sympathetically ) , in international tests the trend is downward .
Data collected for the OECD 's PISA study in 2000 ranked British 15 - year - olds eighth among member countries in maths , with a total point score , 529 , that was well above the average .
In 2006 , with a below - average score of 495 , they came joint 18th .
So too with reading : British pupils were seventh in 2000 with 523 points but joint 13th in 2006 with 495 .
The 2009 data are unlikely to show a radical improvement .
The most sobering aspect is the persistent gap in achievement between the very best and the very worst .
Despite that , in 2007 Britain was educating a smaller proportion of its 15 - to 19 - year - olds than it did in 1995 , on OECD figures .
Of other member countries , only Portugal recorded a drop .
Government can do a lot to improve education , partly by pushing supply - side reforms vigorously .
New Labour started to do this , then flagged ; the Tories , whipped ahead by Michael Gove , the shadow education secretary , are now the ones with the forward - looking ideas about education .
But what about the other things ?
Expectations that the state can improve social behaviour across the board have increased sharply .
Take crime .
Tim Newburn and Robert Reiner of the London School of Economics point out that , hard though it is to imagine now , crime was not widely considered a partisan issue until the 1970s .
It crept into political debate then and gained prominence from Margaret Thatcher 's accusation during the 1979 election campaign that Labour was “ soft ” on crime .
Responding to the Tory challenge , Labour increased sentence lengths and sent more petty criminals to jail , swelling the prison population by a third to 83,000 .
At the same time , the definition of crime has expanded .
Labour has repeatedly vowed to squash not only crime but also “ anti- social behaviour ” , attempting to tackle it with measures such as the “ ASBO ” , a court order aimed at muzzling noisy neighbours and the like .
Alan Johnson , the home secretary , has indicated that he intends to fight this year 's election focusing on the nuisance caused by anti-social youths , a target that a generation ago would have seemed a silly little thing for the national government to be worrying about .
Hooded youths hanging around on street corners and their equivalents have always given people the jitters ; it is only recently that the government has promised to banish them , and disappointed people when it discovered it could not .
Ironically , some government policies have helped the more mobile poor up the ladder at the cost of concentrating deprivation more strongly than before .
The sale of much council - owned social housing , for instance , gave ambitious working - class families the chance to move out of impoverished estates .
But it has simultaneously turned those areas into zones of uniform , concentrated , workless deprivation of a sort that did not exist at the beginning of the 1980s , when more than a third of British homes were council - owned .
It is in these small pockets that the social improvements of recent decades may have been felt least .
Drinking is down overall , but a minority is drinking harder ; most types of crime are down , but certain types of violence persist ; total drug use has fallen , but some of the most harmful drugs are getting more popular .
The evidence supporting the existence of a “ broken society ” is thin indeed : all the more reason to focus on those who languish outside mainstream society altogether .
Austrian economist Eugen von Böhm - Bawerk is known among historians of economic thought for his formidable History and Critique of Interest Theories ( 1884 ) .
Before offering his own explanation of the phenomenon of interest ( in a second volume which appeared five years later ) , Böhm - Bawerk first systematically classified and refuted all previous explanations .
In my own history of economic thought class , I assign several of Böhm - Bawerk 's critiques as reading for my students .
I do this not so much because someone might hold the ( erroneous ) view in question , but rather because Böhm - Bawerk 's arguments are of great pedagogical value .
In other words , the novice can learn a great deal about economics by reading Böhm - Bawerk 's critiques .
In previous articles I have touched on ( what Böhm - Bawerk called ) the " naïve productivity theory " and also the " abstinence theory " of interest .
In the present article I would like to summarize Böhm - Bawerk 's critique of the " exploitation theory . "
The Exploitation Theory of Interest
The exploitation theory could be equally well titled the socialist theory of interest , but Böhm - Bawerk picked the former name because of its greater precision .
After explaining that many writers had advanced various versions of the exploitation theory , Böhm - Bawerk decided to focus on the specific exegesis of Rodbertus , because his was the clearest and most coherent version .
Rodbertus ' explanation of interest is itself based on a labor theory of value , in which the value of a commodity is determined by the amount of ( total ) labor involved in its production .
The fact that the capitalists consume products year after year , even though they may not perform any work themselves , is only possible because the workers collectively are paid less than the full product of their labor .
The actual mechanism by which this transfer is effected is the institution of private property ; the capitalists are in a position to demand that workers submit to their unfair wages because otherwise the workers will starve .
In Rodbertus ' own words :
Since there can be no income , except as it is the result of labor , an excess of proceeds over labor costs depends on two indispensable prerequisites .
First , there can be no surplus proceeds unless the labor at least produces more than is required for the continuation of the labor .
For it is impossible for anyone to draw an income regularly [ , ] without himself doing any work [ , ] unless there is such a margin .
Second , there can be no surplus proceeds , unless [ institutions ] exist which deprive the workers of this margin in whole or in part , and divert it to others who do not work themselves .
For the workers are , in the nature of things , in possession of their product at the outset … .
That this margin is wrested in whole or in part from the workers and is diverted to others , is the result of legalistic factors .
Just as law has from the beginning been in coalition with power , so in this instance this diversion takes place only by the continued exercise of compulsion .
( Rodbertus quoted in Böhm - Bawerk pp. 252–53 )
Böhm - Bawerk 's Critique of Rodbertus
The first objection Böhm - Bawerk raises is Rodbertus ' reliance on a labor theory of value .
It is simply not true that goods derive their value from the total labor used in their production .
Böhm - Bawerk advances several arguments to demonstrate this , but the labor ( or more generally , cost ) theory of value has been exploded in other articles and I will not spend more time on it here .
Böhm - Bawerk too follows this approach .
After demolishing the labor theory of value upon which Rodbertus ' explanation of interest rests , Böhm - Bawerk writes ,
In order not to draw undue advantage from Rodbertus 's first error , I shall , for the remaining pages of this investigation , frame all my presuppositions in such a way as to eliminate completely all the consequences of that error .
I shall [ assume ] that all goods are produced only by the cooperation of labor and free forces of nature … without the intervention of natural material resources having exchange value .
( Böhm - Bawerk p. 263 , italics original ) .
In other words , Böhm - Bawerk will now proceed to show that even if we restrict ourselves to cases where labor is the only scarce resource used in the production of a certain good , the exploitation theory is still faulty .
Labor Is Paid Its " Full Value " !
Ironically , Böhm - Bawerk proceeds by conceding the socialist maxim :
He too agrees that the workers ought to get paid the full product of their labor .
However , the exploitation theorists commit a grave error in the application of this principle :
The completely just proposition that the worker is to receive the entire value of his product can be reasonably interpreted to mean either that he is to receive the full present value of his product now or that he is to get the entire future value in the future .
But Rodbertus and the socialists interpret it to mean that the worker is to receive the entire future value of his product now .
( Böhm - Bawerk pp. 263–64 , italics original )
Once we recognize that present goods are more valuable than future goods — that people would prefer $ 1000 or a pizza pie today rather than $ 1000 or a pizza pie in fifty years — this ambiguity in the exploitation doctrine renders it completely false .
The explanation for Rodbertus ' " surplus proceeds " — the fact that the capitalist gets more by selling the product to consumers than the total amount he paid to workers in producing it — is not exploitation , but rather that the workers were paid before the final product could be sold to consumers .
It is the time difference that explains the interest income earned by capitalists .
An Example
As always , Böhm - Bawerk illustrates his general arguments with specific examples to assure the unsatisfied reader .
He asks us to imagine a steam engine that requires five years of labor to produce , and has a final price of $ 5,500 .
Suppose that one worker labors for five consecutive years to produce one such engine .
How much is the worker due ?
The obvious answer is $ 5,500 , i.e. , the full value of his product .
But notice that the worker can only be paid this " full " amount if he is willing to wait the full five years .
Now what if we have a more realistic situation , where the worker is paid in continual yearly installments ?
In particular , suppose the worker labors for just one year , and then expects to be paid .
How much is he due ?
Böhm - Bawerk answers , " The worker will get justice if he gets all that he has labored to produce up to this point .
If … he has up to this time produced a pile of unfinished ore … then he will be justly treated if he receives … the full exchange value which this pile of material has , and of course has now " ( p. 264 ) .
But now we must inquire further :
What will be the exact dollar value of this unfinished ore ?
A superficial analysis might indicate that , because the worker has produced ( so far ) one - fifth of the labor going into the steam engine , then the worker ought to receive one - fifth of the exchange value of a steam engine , i.e. $ 1,100 .
Yet Böhm - Bawerk declares :
That is wrong .
One thousand one hundred dollars is one - fifth of the price of a completed , present steam engine .
But what the worker has produced up to this time is not one - fifth of a machine that is already finished , but only one - fifth of a machine which will not be finished for another four years .
And those are two different things .
Not different by a sophistical splitting of verbal hairs , but actually different as to the thing itself .
The former fifth has a value different from that of the latter fifth , just as surely as a complete present machine has a different value in terms of present valuation from that of a machine that will not be available for another four years .
( pp. 264–65 )
Because present goods are more valuable than future goods , it necessarily follows that one - fifth of a machine - to - be - delivered - in - four - years is worth less than one - fifth of a present steam engine .
Therefore , the worker cannot possibly be paid $ 1,100 for his first year of labor , if he insists on payment upfront ( rather than waiting until the engine is completed and sold ) .
If we assume a rate of interest of 5 percent , the worker will be paid roughly $ 1,000 for his first year of labor .
Workers Can Always Choose to Lend Their Wages at Interest
Böhm - Bawerk offers yet another argument to convince the skeptic .
If there is any doubt that the worker above is being treated fairly by being paid only the discounted value of his marginal product ( i.e. $ 1,000 ) rather than the eventual present value of his marginal product , Böhm - Bawerk points out that the worker is certainly free to lend his wages out at the prevailing rate of interest of 5 percent per year .
After four years , the worker will have $ 1,200 ( ignoring compounding ) , and there is thus no basis to claim that the institutional framework somehow forces the worker to receive less than the full value of his contribution .
If the worker is willing to wait until the product of his labor actually accrues into a saleable product , then he will have the " full value " that even a socialist analysis would require .
However , if the worker is not willing to wait , and desires an advance in the form of present goods in exchange for his labor ( that will not produce consumable goods until the future ) , then he must be willing to pay the market premium on present goods .
Conclusion
Böhm - Bawerk 's refutation of the exploitation theory is valuable not merely as a critique of an erroneous doctrine , but also as a lucid exposition of subjective value theory .
Even the professional economist would probably benefit from Böhm - Bawerk 's analysis , for he raises many subtle points that I have not included in this article .
Regardless of one 's opinion of Böhm - Bawerk 's own theory of interest , reading his History and Critique of Interest Theories is certainly time well spent .
Even more than buying a house or a car , getting a tattoo is probably the highest involvement purchase you can make .
Because you are stuck with it for life .
But up until now the only way you could try out a tattoo before you had it done for real was using Henna , which I think looks ordinary at the best of times .
Now TatMash has come out with the ability to try out your tattoos online , with just a photo .
You just select the tattoo you like , or upload a design of your own , upload a photo of yourself , and TatMash lets you move the design around to your liking on your own skin .
Then when you are happy with it , TatMash helps you get the opinion of your friends by enabling you to post your new tattoo to a variety of social media sites .
From a marketing perspective
Firstly , TatMash enables customers to try before they buy , which is essential in any high involvement purchase .
This will definitely appeal to Trysumers .
Secondly , it brings in the social element of buying with the ability to ask friends what they think of the tattoo you are thinking of getting .
For more on the link between tattoos and marketing see …
The name tattoo ?
Has personal branding finally gone too far ?
Adidas hits back at Nike by shaving logo into kids heads !
Like this article ?
Please make a donation to help keep this site ad - free .
A daily supplement of 7 milligrams of zinc as zinc gluconate was associated with significant decreases in measures of anger - hostility and depression - dejection , report scientists from Daigaku Junior College and Seitoku University in the European Journal of Clinical Nutrition​ .
On the other hand , multivitamin supplements did not affect the mood state of women who participated in the study .
“ Although our findings are preliminary and should be interpreted with caution , they may prompt further investigations to evaluate the relationship between zinc nutriture and mood states in women , ” ​ wrote the researchers .
Study details ​
Zinc deficiency affects 30 per cent of the world ’s population , and mood swings are reportedly common symptoms of mild zinc deficiency .
In order to test if zinc supplements could affect mood the Japanese researchers recruited 30 young women and randomly assigned them to receive either multivitamins , or multivitamins plus zinc for 10 weeks .
The multivitamins were given to all to avoid vitamin deficiencies , and the supplement provided 50 per cent of the Japanese recommended dietary allowances of vitamins A , D , B1 , B2 , B6 , B12 , niacin and folic acid .
At the end of the study , only women who received the additional zinc supplements showed significant increases in blood levels of zinc and reductions in scores of depression and anger .
Similar studies in lab animals showed that only females experienced increases in aggression levels when zinc deficient , and the new data appears to support this anger - reducing effect in women following zinc supplementation , said the researchers .
“ Our results suggest that Zn supplementation may be effective in reducing anger and depression , ” ​ they concluded .
Source : European Journal of Clinical Nutrition ​
Volume 64 , Pages 331-333 , doi:10.1038/ejcn.2009.158
“ Effect of zinc supplementation on mood states in young women : a pilot study ” ​
Authors : T. Sawada , K. Yokoi
Here are just a few of the exciting applications in the gallery :
AnalyticsApp is an app for Google Analytics on the iPad !
The Referrer Flow visualization shows you what sites link to you and which content works best .
The Keyword visualization displays the most frequently used search keywords and how they are used together .
BTBuckets is a free segmentation and optimization webapp that allows sites to create user segments and take actions upon them in real time .
CallTrackID allows telephone enquiries to be tracked from various traffic routes , including direct , organic , PPC ad , affiliate and offline straight into Google Analytics .
ShufflePoint Studio allows you to associate PowerPoint text , table , and chart placeholders with refreshable Google Analytics data .
The App Gallery makes it easy for customers to find 3rd party solutions that extend Google Analytics in new and useful ways .
We also think it ’s a great way for developers to find new users and attract more customers .
If you ’re a developer and you ’d like to have your application listed in the gallery , we 've created a simple submission form to get your app added .
Finally , if you ’re interested in learning more about how you can integrate with Google Analytics , join us for our presentation : Google Analytics : End - to - End on May 20th at Google IO .
Thanks !
ABOUT THE THORNLESS BLACKBERRY
Using ordinary blackberries , one would need to plant at least 30 to even come close to the amazing Doyle 's Thornless Blackberry ® production .
That many plants take up a lot of garden or yard space and will cost $ 30 to $ 50 .
One of our plants growing on a 7 foot trellis requires only about 9 square feet .
It can even be grown in large containers for patio use .
A bare root plant needs two to four weeks to re-root itself .
Do n't pronounce it dead till it has time to root .
Production is slow in the first year because it is establishing itself .
The 3rd year is when you will see the best production , producing large , sweet and juicy berries .
Some have gotten 3 gallons the first year .
That however , is not usual but it can be done with care and good weather .
It 's outrageously tasty to go out in the morning to pick a large bowl of berries for your cereal or just eat them fresh with cream .
Die Bundesanwaltschaft hat das Verfahren gegen den Bundeswehr - Oberst Georg Klein eingestellt .
Sie hatte im Zusammenhang mit der Bombardierung von zwei Tanklastern in Afghanistan gegen ihn ermittelt .
Weder die Vorschriften des Völkerstrafgesetzbuches noch die Bestimmungen des Strafgesetzbuches seien erfüllt , teilte die Behörde am Montag in Karlsruhe mit .
Auch das Verfahren gegen einen zunächst verdächtigten Hauptfeldwebel wurde demnach eingestellt .
Bei dem Angriff waren bis zu 142 Menschen getötet oder verletzt worden , darunter auch Zivilisten .
Die Bundesanwaltschaft hatte erstmals gegen Bundeswehrsoldaten wegen eines möglichen Verstoßes gegen das Völkerstrafgesetzbuch ermittelt .
Die Anordnung des Bombenabwurfs auf zwei von den radikal - islamischen Taliban geraubten Tanklastzüge erfüllt aber laut Bundesanwaltschaft nicht den Tatbestand verbotener Methoden der Kriegsführung .
Keine Hinweise auf Zivilisten
Die Bundesanwaltschaft kam zu dem Ergebnis , dass Klein und der Offizier nicht davon ausgegangen sind , dass sich zum Zeitpunkt des Luftangriffs Zivilisten auf der Sandbank des Kundus - Flusses aufhielten .
Nach den ihnen zur Verfügung stehenden Erkenntnismöglichkeiten hätten sie keine Hinweise auf die Anwesenheit von Zivilisten gehabt .
„ Vielmehr konnten sie nach gewissenhafter und immer wieder aktualisierter Prüfung aller ihnen zum Geschehensablauf bekannten Fakten und Umstände annehmen , dass ausschließlich Aufständische vor Ort waren “ , hieß es in der Mitteilung der Behörde .
Gather ' round , Android fans , because Google 's Android boss Andy Rubin has done a wide - ranging interview with The New York Times , and we 're guessing you 're going to want to hear what he has to say .
The biggest news to come out of it is word that Android 2.2 , a.k.a.
Froyo , will come complete with full support for Flash , which is far and away the most official confirmation we 've had to date , and slightly contradicts earlier talk that Flash support would n't necessarily be built into the OS .
Why the change ?
Rubin says that sometimes being open " means not being militant about the things consumers are actually enjoying . "
On a similar note , Rubin also said that while he does n't know when the number of Android phones sold would exceed the number of iPhones and BlackBerrys sold , he 's " confident it will happen , " adding that " open usually wins . "
And the hits just keep on coming from there , with Rubin not so subtly working in a mention of North Korea after a discussion about Apple and closed computing platforms , before closing things out with the line : " with openness comes less secrets . "
Hit up the source link below for the complete interview , in which Rubin also address the issue of Android fragmentation , and reveals that he does indeed own an iPad , but naturally has a few things to say about it .
I 'm thinking of an American president who demonized ethnic groups as enemies of the state , censored the press , imprisoned dissidents , bullied political opponents , spewed propaganda , often expressed contempt for the Constitution , approved warrantless searches and eavesdropping , and pursued his policies with a blind , religious certainty .
Oh , and I 'm not thinking of George W. Bush , but another " W " – actually " WW " : Woodrow Wilson , the Democrat who served from 1913 to 1921 .
President Wilson is mostly remembered today as the first modern liberal president , the first ( and only ) POTUS with a PhD , and the only political scientist to occupy the Oval Office .
He was the champion of " self determination " and the author of the idealistic but doomed " Fourteen Points " – his vision of peace for Europe and his hope for a League of Nations .
But the nature of his presidency has largely been forgotten .
That 's a shame , because Wilson 's two terms in office provide the clearest historical window into the soul of progressivism .
Wilson 's racism , his ideological rigidity , and his antipathy toward the Constitution were all products of the progressive worldview .
And since " progressivism " is suddenly in vogue – today 's leading Democrats proudly wear the label – it's worth actually reviewing what progressivism was and what actually happened under the last full - throated progressive president .
The record should give sober pause to anyone who 's mesmerized by the progressive promise .
Wilson , like the bulk of progressive intellectuals in fin-de - siècle America , was deeply influenced by three strands of thought : philosophical Pragmatism , Hegelianism , and Darwinism .
This heady intellectual cocktail produced a drunken arrogance and the conviction that the old rules no longer applied .
The classical liberalism of the Founders – free markets , individualism , property rights , etc. – had been eclipsed by a new " experimental " age .
Horace Kallen , a protégé of Pragmatism exponent William James , denounced fixed philosophical dogmas as mere rationalizations of the status quo .
Sounding much like today 's critical theorists , Mr. Kallen lamented that " Men have invented philosophy precisely because they find change , chance , and process too much for them , and desire infallible security and certainty . "
The old conception of absolute truths and immutable laws had been replaced by a " Darwinian " vision of organic change .
Hence Wilson argued that the old " Newtonian " vision – fixed rules enshrined in the Constitution and laws – had to give way to the " Darwinian " view of " living constitutions " and the like .
" Government , " Wilson wrote approvingly in his magnum opus , " The State , " " does now whatever experience permits or the times demand . "
" No doubt , " he wrote elsewhere , taking dead aim at the Declaration of Independence , " a lot of nonsense has been talked about the inalienable rights of the individual , and a great deal that was mere vague sentiment and pleasing speculation has been put forward as fundamental principle . "
In his 1890 essay , " Leaders of Men , " Wilson explained that a " true leader " uses the masses like " tools . "
He must inflame their passions with little heed for the facts .
" Men are as clay in the hands of the consummate leader . "
Wilson once told a black delegation , that " segregation is not a humiliation but a benefit , and ought to be so regarded by you gentlemen . "
But his racism was n't just a product of his Southern roots ; it was often of a piece with the reigning progressive obsession with eugenics , the pseudoscience that strove to perfect society through better breeding .
Again , Wilson was merely one voice in the progressive chorus of the age .
" [ W ]e must demand that the individual shall be willing to lose the sense of personal achievement , and shall be content to realize his activity only in connection to the activity of the many , " declared the progressive social activist Jane Addams .
" New forms of association must be created , " explained Walter Rauschenbusch , a leading progressive theologian of the Social Gospel movement , in 1896 .
" Our disorganized competitive life must pass into an organic cooperative life . "
Elsewhere , Rauschenbusch put it more simply : " Individualism means tyranny . "
Not surprisingly , such intellectual kindling was easy to ignite when World War I broke out .
The philosopher John Dewey , New Republic founder Herbert Croly , and countless other progressive intellectuals welcomed what Mr. Dewey dubbed " the social possibilities of war . "
The war provided an opportunity to force Americans to , as journalist Frederick Lewis Allen put it , " lay by our good - natured individualism and march in step . "
Or as another progressive put it , " Laissez faire is dead .
Long live social control . "
With the intellectuals on their side , Wilson recruited journalist George Creel to become a propaganda minister as head of the newly formed Committee on Public Information ( CPI ) .
Mr. Creel declared that it was his mission to inflame the American public into " one white - hot mass " under the banner of " 100 percent Americanism . "
Fear was a vital tool , he argued , " an important element to be bred in the civilian population . "
The CPI printed millions of posters , buttons , pamphlets , that did just that .
A typical poster for Liberty Bonds cautioned , " I am Public Opinion .
All men fear me !... [ I ] f you have the money to buy and do not buy , I will make this No Man 's Land for you ! "
One of Creel 's greatest ideas – an instance of " viral marketing " before its time – was the creation of an army of about 75,000 " Four Minute Men . "
Each was equipped and trained by the CPI to deliver a four - minute speech at town meetings , in restaurants , in theaters – anyplace they could get an audience – to spread the word that the " very future of democracy " was at stake .
In 1917 - 18 alone , some 7,555,190 speeches were delivered in 5,200 communities .
These speeches celebrated Wilson as a larger - than - life leader and the Germans as less - than - human Huns .
Meanwhile , the CPI released a string of propaganda films with such titles as " The Kaiser , " " The Beast of Berlin , " and " The Prussian Cur . "
Remember when French fries became " freedom fries " in the run-up to the Iraq war ?
Thanks in part to the CPI , sauerkraut become " victory cabbage . "
Under the Espionage Act of 1917 and the Sedition Act of 1918 , Wilson 's administration shut down newspapers and magazines at an astounding pace .
Indeed , any criticism of the government , even in your own home , could earn you a prison sentence .
One man was brought to trial for explaining in his own home why he did n't want to buy Liberty Bonds .
The Wilson administration sanctioned what could be called an American fascisti , the American Protective League .
The APL – a quarter million strong at its height , with offices in 600 cities – carried government - issued badges while beating up dissidents and protesters and conducting warrantless searches and interrogations .
Even after the war , Wilson refused to release the last of America 's political prisoners , leaving it to subsequent Republican administrations to free the anti-war Socialist Eugene V. Debs and others .
Now , obviously , none of the current crop of self - described progressives are eager to replay this dark chapter .
But we make a mistake when we assume that we can cherry pick only the good parts of our past to re-create .
Today 's progressives still share many of the core assumptions of the progressives of yore .
It may be gauche to talk about patriotism too much in liberal circles , but what is Barack Obama 's obsession with unity other than patriotism by another name ?
Indeed , he champions unity for its own sake , as a good in and of itself .
But unity can be quite amoral .
Mobs and gangs are dangerous because of their unblinking unity .
Hillary Clinton , meanwhile , often insists that we must move " beyond " ideology , labels , partisanship , etc .
The sentiment is a direct echo of the Pragmatists who felt that dogma needed to be jettisoned to give social planners a free hand .
Of course , then as now , the " beyond ideology " refrain is itself an ideological position favoring whatever state intervention social planners prefer .
In Senator Clinton 's case , the most vital intervention is intruding on the family .
Mrs. Clinton proudly follows the " child saver " tradition of Charlotte Perkins Gilman and Jane Addams .
In 1996 , she proclaimed " as adults we have to start thinking and believing that there is n't really any such thing as someone else 's child . "
In her book , " It Takes A Village , " she insists that children are born in crisis , requiring progressive government intervention from infancy on .
She seems to subscribe to Wilson 's view , when president of Princeton , that the chief job of an educator is to make children as unlike their parents as possible .
In a Democratic debate , Clinton famously rejected the word " liberal " in favor of " progressive . "
Should n't we at least ask what that means ?
If Mike Huckabee proclaimed that he prefers the label " confederate " over " conservative , " pundits would rightly denounce his association with such a tainted legacy .
But when it comes to progressivism , there 's no such obligation to account for your ideological heritage .
It seems progressivism is never wrong .
• Jonah Goldberg , National Review Online 's editor - at - large , is the author of " Liberal Fascism : The Secret History of the American Left from Mussolini to the Politics of Meaning . "
Here 's how this will work .
Throughout the day , a game name and password hint will appear .
Once the game fills up , it will start .
The winner will get a key .
The games are created on ICCup and you need the ICCup launcher to participate .
Replays will be posted .
Red means there are slots remaining
Results :
+ Show
+
Crazazyasian1337 , Dr.Dragoon , ocho , excelzerg
Open FFAs :
1. ICCup Launcher Anti-Hack On.2 .
Do n't lag .3 .
Game host reserves the right to kick anyone for whatever reason ( lag , BM , etc ) .
4 .
Be nice !
BM can get you disqualified from future TL events .
Check Roffles ' Channel , he may be streaming this live.gds - replay JadeFist - Roffles VOD
On Demand blabber and De4ngus - replay ejac , semantics , neroin , greenfield , icanflylow , J- DragonGoShox
If you want to hear Chill , Intrigue , and myself " commentate " the last 4 - 5 games of challenge # 3 , it is available in VOD format on demand at Roffles ' Livestream Channel NONE ATM
weekly archive May 15 - May 22 ( 1 ) March 20 - March 27 ( 1 ) March 6 - March 13 ( 2 ) February 20 - February 27 ( 9 ) February 6 - February 13 ( 1 ) January 30 - February 6 ( 8 ) January 23 - January 30 ( 6 ) January 16 - January 23 ( 5 ) January 9 - January 16 ( 3 ) January 2 - January 9 ( 9 ) December 26 - January 2 ( 4 ) December 12 - December 19 ( 10 ) December 5 - December 12 ( 2 ) November 28 - December 5 ( 6 ) November 21 - November 28 ( 6 ) November 14 - November 21 ( 8 ) November 7 - November 14 ( 2 ) October 31 - November 7 ( 11 ) October 24 - October 31 ( 15 ) October 17 - October 24 ( 15 ) October 10 - October 17 ( 3 ) October 3 - October 10 ( 3 ) September 26 - October 3 ( 3 ) September 19 - September 26 ( 6 ) August 1 - August 8 ( 2 ) July 25 - August 1 ( 18 ) July 4 - July 11 ( 3 ) June 13 - June 20 ( 17 ) June 6 - June 13 ( 9 ) May 30 - June 6 ( 12 ) May 23 - May 30 ( 18 ) May 16 - May 23 ( 24 ) May 9 - May 16 ( 18 ) May 2 - May 9 ( 29 ) April 25 - May 2 ( 33 ) April 18 - April 25 ( 31 ) April 11 - April 18 ( 42 ) April 4 - April 11 ( 53 ) March 28 - April 4 ( 32 ) March 21 - March 28 ( 42 ) March 14 - March 21 ( 46 ) March 7 - March 14 ( 57 ) February 28 - March 7 ( 60 ) February 21 - February 28 ( 74 ) February 14 - February 21 ( 65 ) February 7 - February 14 ( 58 ) January 31 - February 7 ( 65 ) January 24 - January 31 ( 61 ) January 17 - January 24 ( 69 ) January 10 - January 17 ( 77 ) January 3 - January 10 ( 68 ) December 27 - January 3 ( 65 ) December 20 - December 27 ( 63 ) December 13 - December 20 ( 70 ) December 6 - December 13 ( 42 ) November 29 - December 6 ( 79 ) November 22 - November 29 ( 76 ) November 15 - November 22 ( 71 ) November 8 - November 15 ( 79 ) November 1 - November 8 ( 79 ) October 25 - November 1 ( 50 ) October 18 - October 25 ( 71 ) October 11 - October 18 ( 33 )
Laptop Scandal School's Own Law Firm : Aside From Those 58,000 Spy Photos , There 's No Evidence Of Spying
from the we - find - ourselves - not - guilty dept
A law firm employed by the Pennsylvania school district caught using student laptop webcams to spy on students at home has released a 72 - page report ( pdf ) on the incident after a 10 - week investigation .
Most of the report 's findings are n't too surprising ; it exonerates most higher - level school officials like any wealthy school district's in - house investigation should , concluding that there 's no evidence indicating that anybody above the IT level " knew how TheftTrack worked or understood that it could collect large quantities of webcam photographs or screenshots . "
The report also confirms reports that the system took some 58,000 images -- a far cry from the 42 images the school originally claimed .
Aside from those 57,958 extra photos and screenshots , e-mails alleging that school administrators found the spy technology entertaining -- and the fact the system was only unearthed in the first place because a student 's at - home behavior was spied on -- the study concludes that " we found no evidence that District personnel used TheftTrack to " spy " on students . "
Still , at least the report slams the school district for being " overzealous " in their use of the technology , and for having a complete disregard for student privacy :
" Although there is no forensic method to determine with certainty how often images stored on the LANrev server were viewed , we found no evidence that any District 3 personnel surreptitiously downloaded images from the LANrev server .
Rather , the collection of images from laptops while they were in the possession of students resulted from the district 's failure to implement policies , procedures and recordkeeping requirements , and the overzealous and questionable use of technology by IS personnel without any apparent regard for privacy considerations or sufficient consultation with administrators . "
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
By and large the study places the lion 's share of the blame on school IT folks , most of whom were already forced to retire .
It does seem rather convenient that the district was allowed to hire their own law firm to investigate ( at least when lawyers were n't working with plaintiffs to allegedly help keep evidence out of the hands of federal investigators ) .
That 's of course the first thing the lawyer for the district 's former IS director Virginia DiMedio complained about .
While the IT folks certainly appear oblivious and culpable , there seems to be plenty of incompetence to go around .
Hopefully higher level administrators are n't entirely immune to the ultimate fallout , given they failed to pay any attention to the fact their district was busily building a little Macbook surveillance state with little to no accountability .
Filed Under : school , spying
No comedian wants to bomb in front of a big crowd .
But Joe Wong , a chemist turned comic , is having a tough time with an audience of 1.3 billion .
When the 40 - year - old Mr. Wong played the " Late Show With David Letterman " last year , people cracked up when he walked out and said , " Hi , everybody … .
So , I 'm Irish . "
That appearance launched him on a tour of clubs around the U.S .
Yet ...
Come across something cute you want to share ?
Looking to advertise on Your Daily Cute ?
Contact us at the same link for more information !
Hey there drug war fans , I got some statistics to throw your way .
While you gringos pay attention to the unemployment rate and foreclosure statistics , we here in Mexico track the national kill count — how many people died , who suffered the losses and where the action went down .
The latest numbers were just released : they are compiled by the federal government , so they are not 100 % accurate .
For starters , the body count should be higher .
But hey , with over 20,000 dead , the situation looks bad enough to me , whether they fudged the numbers or not .
Kill count
22,000 + Killed since start of war against narcotraffic , from Dec. 2006 to Mar. 2010 ( when president Calderon started his term ) .
Killed since start of war against narcotraffic , from Dec. 2006 to Mar. 2010 ( when president Calderon started his term ) .
3,300 + Killed from Jan. to March 2010 .
Arrests w / breakdown by cartel *
121,000 Narco- arrests since 2006 .
Narco-arrests since 2006 .
– 27 % Gulf Cartel / Zetas .
Gulf Cartel / Zetas . - 24 % Pacific / Sinaloa Cartel .
Pacific / Sinaloa Cartel . - 17 % Cartel de Juarez
Cartel de Juarez - 14 % Beltran Leyva
Beltran Leyva - 13 % Arellano Felix
* no specific number given
Shootout count
Violence has been on the rise because of territorial realignment , fragmentation of the cartels and internal restructuring .
Law enforcement agents of all branches ( state , federal , military ) have now become targets for sicarios .
1,286 Firefights counted form December 2008 to March 2010 .
977 Narcos against authorities .
309 Narcos against narcos .
Casualties by region
6,757 Official narco - related deaths in Chihuahua since Calderon started his term
Official narco - related deaths in Chihuahua since Calderon started his term ( 4,324 From the city of Ciudad Juarez alone )
From the city of Ciudad Juarez alone ) 3,136 In Sinaloa , the cradle of narco - traffickers .
In Sinaloa , the cradle of narco - traffickers .
1,826 In Guerrero .
Intelligence : Cartel on Cartel warfare
Cartels team up on the Zetas :
The new phase of the war appears to be an offensive to exterminate the Zetas by an alliance between the Sinaloa Cartel , the Gulf Cartel and the Michoacan Family .
They claim to be doing this because the Zetas corrupted the business and preyed on the civilian population , which brought too much attention and became bad for business .
So they are looking to go back to the old days .
Civilians are getting war - weary and accept do n’t mind this “ social cleansing ” campaign so long as the kidnappings , car thefts and extortions stop .
The Sinaloa Cartel expands territory :
They are taking advantage of the chaos to exterminate their other rivals , like the Beltran Leyva .
In the last couple of months they started turning the Nayarit riviera and Acapulco into the usual macabre circus act of decapitated bodies , bullet - ridden cars and piles of charred bodies .
The DEA is Sinaloa Cartel ’s # 1 admirer and PR Agent and it claims that El Chapo Guzman is winning the war against Vicente Carrillo Fuentes and his Juarez Cartel .
That means Sinaloa is the lord of the routes into the US .
The Sinaloa Cartel appears to be using the violence to consolidate territory , secure and expand shipment routes and some cross - border access — then start moving product into America .
War or no war , they got a job to do .
West side calm :
In the Pacific they have an alliance in Michoacan with the Milenio Cartel and the Family ; And in Jalisco , with the old school capo Nacho Coronel .
But Oaxaca , Guerrero and Nayarit are pretty much controlled by what remains of the Beltran Leyva Cartel .
The importance of the Pacific lies in all of its many ports –this means they can receive container ships full of the necessary ingredients to make synthetic drugs , or receive cocaine from South America .
Control of the Pacific is vital to ensure reliable imports of product into the country .
The in - land routes serve to move the drugs closer to the border , which they do by hiding the goods in trailer trucks masquerading as fruit transport or whatever they think of , whatever regularly goes to and from the border towns .
Of course , the air and the sea can still be used to move drugs inside the country , but the main destination is always the United States : market número uno .
Border cities see the most action :
The jewel cities of the drug trade are the border towns : Tijuana , Ciudad Juarez and Nuevo Laredo .
Border cities are important for the cross - border highway access and non -stop flow of traffic : cars , trucks , tourists and semis — all provide a lot of space to stash dope .
Anybody who controls these cities has a gold mine , and the Sinaloa Cartel is craving them real bad .
That ’s why Ciudad Juarez has been turning into an ever - worsening blood - bath : ever since El Chapo sent his sicarios to capture the plaza in 2008 , it ’s been 2 years of going from bad to worse to worse - than - bad .
( Remember , more than 4,000 people have been killed here over the past two years . )
The last jewel left unsnatched appears to be Tijuana , the main plaza of the Arellano Felix Cartel , which now has total control of the border .
So do n’t be surprised if it starts going to hell again .
It ’s just business , Mexican Drug Cartel style .
Pancho Montana is an eXiled Special Mexican War on Drugs Correspondent .
As a native of Monterrey , Nuevo Leon , located in northern Mexico , Mr. Montana lives in Gulf Cartel territory .
That means the streets belong to the Zetas , a paramilitary organization trained by the Yankees and hired by the Gulf Cartel to keep things civilized and business booming .
Read more of his stuff …
Gas prices are on the rise again .
In many areas of the U.S. gas prices are already hovering around $ 3.00 a gallon .
In fact there are some areas where people are paying as much as $ 3.50 a gallon , and many experts are predicting that gasoline could hit $ 4.00 a gallon by the end of 2010 .
If this nonsense keeps up , how in the world is the average American family supposed to make ends meet ?
Not only is filling up our tanks going to cost a lot more , but the price of gasoline factors into so many other things .
The U.S. economy just cannot handle a major increase in transportation costs at this point .
These increasing gasoline prices come at a time when U.S. consumers are already stretched to the max .
But it is n’t just gasoline prices that are going up .
The price of food is really starting to rise as well .
Rising demand and reduced supply drove supermarket prices for 16 basic foods up 6.2 % in the first quarter of 2010 .
Now , for those Americans who are independently wealthy , a large increase in gasoline and food prices might not mean much .
But for the rest of us who are trying to get our incomes to stretch as far as possible each month , it means a whole lot .
In fact , a record number of working Americans are finding that their paychecks are just not making it and are turning to government assistance programs such as food stamps just to make it .
According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture , approximately 39.4 million Americans , a new all - time record , received food stamps in January .
This was up 22 % from a year earlier .
In fact , the number of Americans on food stamps has hit all - time records for 14 consecutive months .
New all - time records for 14 months in a row ?
How in the world can anyone claim that the U.S. economy is in good shape ?
And it is just not people who are out of work or who are lazy who are applying for food stamps .
The truth is that a lot of hard working Americans who are doing everything they can to better themselves find themselves out of alternatives these days .
Some of those hard working Americans are readers of this site .
One of them recently left a comment that is very timely ….
There are people on food stamps now , that you would never think they were .
For example myself , I just went on food stamps last month .
I am not a welfare mom , unemployed or declaring bankruptcy , I am educated and working as hard as I can to make ends meet .
I hold a Masters degree , and a part time job .
I make minimum wage and if I were scheduled 40 hours a week my pay would just cover my expenses .
Problem is , with retail the number of hours changes from week to week , and it has n’t been near 40 since Christmas .
Luckily I planned ahead and put money aside if I could n’t find a job right out of school , or if I found one and lost it with today ’s economy .
I have been able to cover the bills my paycheck does n’t , but the thing is , my savings has gotten low to that .
I honestly really did n’t want to go on food stamps , I just ca n’t find another job .
Let that be a full time position , or even another part time one .
I ’m applying to everything I ’m qualified for , remotely qualified for , and even over qualified for .
But there really are that few of jobs out there .
I have n’t really told anyone I ’m on food stamps , a good portion of my old friends are still in school and do n’t understand why I can’t find a “ real ” job .
Luckily at my new job there ’s a whole store of people who know exactly what I ’m going through and would never think of judging me for how much I make or where I live .
There are other people too .
Once at work a mother with three kids came in , she had never used food stamps before and had no idea what to do at the register .
She almost came to tears trying to explain she really did n’t want to use them , but her husband lost his job , and all that was left for the family was her part time job , and she was so ashamed they had them .
People really have no idea how many of their neighbors are on food stamps .
—-
Millions of Americans have done everything that the system has told them to do , and now the system is letting them down .
Why ?
Because the system is failing .
The middle class is slowly being squeezed out of existence , and the years ahead are going to be very painful .
Already , it is getting extremely hard to live a middle class lifestyle .
If you have n’t read “ It ’s Impossible to Get By In the US ” by Graham Summers of Phoenix Capital Research , you really need to .
In his article , Summers analyzes the expenses of a typical family making the median U.S. household income of $ 50,300 ( he was using 2008 figures ) .
According to Summers , if a family making that much did everything right financially , they would maybe have a couple hundred bucks at the end of the month for discretionary spending .
But if they overpaid for their house or had any consumer debt then according to his calculations the typical American family would be operating in the red .
The truth is that the day is fast approaching when it will not be possible for the average American family to make it from month to month .
Even now record numbers of American families are failing financially .
In March 2010 , there were 158,000 bankruptcy filings .
That was up 19 % from March 2009 ’s number , and it was also up 35 % from February 2010 ’s number .
Things are getting scary out there .
But if all of that was n’t bad enough , now state and local governments across the United States are either implementing or are considering substantial tax increases .
State and local governments all over the U.S. are facing unprecedented shortfalls , and they are looking for new sources of revenue .
But you just ca n’t get blood out of a stone .
Unfortunately , they are likely to keep finding ways to impose new taxes on us anyway .
So is there any good news ?
No , not really .
The United States is heading for a complete economic collapse and everyone is going to feel the pain one way or another .
Just make sure that you and your family are as prepared as possible for the years ahead .
“ The way to crush the bourgeoisie is to grind them between the millstones of taxation and inflation . ”
- Vladimir Lenin
A reader writes :
Please keep prodding the mainstream news organizations on their total failure to vet Palin - - not , as you say , because of her specifically , but because their incredibly , inexcusably timid practices are a real threat to democracy in America .
If there 's one thing l feel like I 've realized after the Bush years , it 's that there is n't much standing between us and the collapse of our way of political life .
One of those things is supposed to be the press , which is why it was honored in the First Amendment .
But the current practices of the press do n't convince me that under the right circumstances they would n't basically ( to use a Simpsons reference ) " welcome our new [ adjective ] overlords " if it would win them sweeps week .
Because Abraham Lincoln was right when he called America the " last best hope , " and we need to protect our democracy .
I will never forget the conversation I had with a leading journalist as I asked him about the Palin Trig story in the middle of the last election campaign .
His view was that there were many unanswered questions but I should leave the matter be , because it would " hurt your reputation " to pursue it .
This remains the prevailing narrative among Washington 's MSM .
They care much much more about their reputations and their money than with getting at the truth .
And they know who they are .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
- video encodings still in process -
Extraordinary singing from a " regular " guy .
Freddy Amigo 's amazing performance of ' Granada ' at " Sweden 's Got Talent 2010 " ( with English subtitles ) .
Sorry if its a repost .
I do n’t know WTF is going on here , but I want to know what this guy is eating .
I want some too .
Japan is certainly a country I can’t understand , but when I think about them , I ’m happy .
Voici une vidéo où un type fait des actions étranges comme se déshabiller en écartant les bras , se renverser de l’eau sur la tête etc … le tout sur une musique insupportable en fond sonore .
Bien sûr , cette vidéo nous vient du Japon .
Il y a longtemps que j’ai arrêté d’essayer de comprendre ce pays .
Et , je suis franchement heureux de savoir qu’un tel pays existe dans le monde .
Related posts :
An anonymous reader writes
The MPAA would also like to have its rent paid a bit by Congress , with a ban on what seems to me like a useful tool ( for those in as well as outside the film industry ) , the recently - discussed futures market for box - office receipts
Man , if only books were like CDs , and we could just slide them into our computers and have them perfectly ripped into e-books within minutes .
Not since the CD was launched have we been faced with buying all our content over again , just to use it on a new device .
For those willing to put in a little effort , though , a book - ripper can be made for pennies .
At Instructables you can learn how to make a " portable , paperless , digital copy machine " from a few metal strips and rods and an old digital camera .
The principle is simple :
To scan properly , you need to have a clear picture , and the pages need to be flat .
This method uses a rectangular frame to press the open book flat without putting glossy , reflective glass over the top .
The corners are connected by rods to the camera , keeping it parallel to the paper - plane , and making sure you get sharp , shake - free images .
You do n't need a dedicated camera :
The project details a wooden platform onto which any camera can be screwed .
If you have a spare old digicam , though , you can make a permanent scanning station , which means you 're more likely to use it .
After that , you can either keep the JPEGs or run them through some OCR ( optical character recognition ) software to turn the images into proper , searchable , resizable text .
Mac users might try out an application called Prizmo ( $ 40 ) , which cleans , straightens and OCRs images all in one package .
PC users have a far better selection , some of which are detailed on the Instructables page .
Get to it !
Clear some shelf space , and give yourself a fun weekend project , too .
New & Improved Portable , Paperless , Digital Copy Machine [ Instructables ]
See Also :
Or : What I ’ve Learned about Writing from Gone with the Wind .
I read this book at about this time every year , so often that the ink of my copy is rubbing away like the text of a newspaper .
Every time I read it , I spend more time than I care to admit wondering whether I ’m more Scarlett or Melanie … unfortunately , this year , I ’ve come down on the Scarlett side .
Again .
Someday I ’ll make it to Melanie , though .
But in addition to my sad , pseudo - pop - psychology analysis , reading it so frequently has also taught me a number of things about writing .
Warning : what follows is a very long , pedantic essay .
1. Characters are people , not plot devices .
Although way too much time has been spent studying the archetypes in Gone with the Wind , dwelling on that analysis takes something away from the characters as individuals .
Call me crazy , but characters — my own and my favorites in other novels — are real ; I talk to them , admire them , interact with them … maybe I should consider this in my improvised self - analysis , eh ?
But if you spend too much time looking at them as archetypes , thinking about the inherent plot arcs and predetermined actions , you lose sight of some of the novel ’s more touching moments .
For instance , when Rhett lets his concern for Scarlett show , on a very few occasions , she responds meekly and lets him care for her… causing him , naturally , to tease her about it and her to demand his immediate departure .
Still , those are lovely moments , made all the more special because it ’s unexpected to see such gentleness in a so - called seductress .
My own protagonist , Eva , is cast in Scarlett ’s mold , but I work very hard to create a childlike faith and stubbornness to make her more than a skeletal archetype .
This lesson has a part B. Midway through the novel , at the Scarlett ’s lowest point , when she simply cannot carry the weight of the crumbling Tara and her collapsing family , Will Benteen comes on the scene .
“ Cracker ” - born Will takes much of the burden from Scarlett ’s frustrated shoulders , and , bluntly put , serves as the plot device that allows her to flit off to Atlanta and pursue marriage and money …
But for Scarlett , those two things are redundant .
Every time I read Will ’s entrance I cringe , because he has no purpose as a person .
He does nothing but enable the plot .
I ’m currently writing a character who I fear falls into this category .
I may have to backtrack and introduce her sooner to avoid the Will Benteen fallacy .
2. Sometimes telling is good , too .
Basic writing lesson :
Show , do n’t tell .
But Gone with the Wind might just be the exception .
I could gush about Margaret Mitchell ’s descriptive ‘ telling ’ passages , proof that skillful omniscient narration can work as well as showing through action or dialogue .
The opening paragraph speaks for itself :
“ Scarlett O’Hara was not beautiful , but men seldom realized it when caught by her charm as the Tarleton twins were .
In her face were too sharply blended the delicate features of her mother , a Coast aristocrat of French descent , and the heavy ones of her of her florid Irish father .
But it was an arresting face , pointed of chin , square of jaw .
Her eyes were pale green without a touch of hazel , starred with bristly black lashes and slightly tilted at the ends .
Above them , her thick black brows slanted upward , cutting a startling oblique line in her magnolia - white skin — that skin so prized by Southern women and so carefully guarded with bonnets , veils and mittens against hot Georgia suns . ”
In one paragraph , Scarlett ’s appearance and personality meld , showing you not quite the whole woman but enough to compel interest .
This style may not be in vogue anymore , but it sure as hell is effective .
Careful choice of detail leaves no doubt of who a character is and where she came from .
3 . Try to look at things in a new way .
This is the most revolutionary lesson , and the one most likely to earn me some hate mail .
Gone with the Wind won the Pulitzer in 1937 , not in part because of its treatment of the post - Civil War South .
Although contemporary with Southern Renaissance writers and Southern Gothic writers like the far - more canonized William Faulkner and Flannery O’Connor , Mitchell stands apart from those genre writers because , instead of focusing on the defeat and corruption of the South , she examines the perceived glorious past and the perpetuation of the Confederate identity .
Gone with the Wind has long been criticized for its racist treatment of the slaves and former slaves and of African - American identity generally .
“ Good negroes ” stay with their masters after being freed , and they take pride in their service .
The bad , “ free issue ” former slaves are encouraged by the Yankees into violence or indolence .
This characterization is not okay , but it ’s interesting because it makes us question if these attitudes ever existed .
Were “ good slaves ” in the 1860s glorified by a long life of service ?
Is this attitude a relic of pre-civil rights era America , when Mitchell was writing ?
Furthermore , the Yankees are portrayed as evil conquerors , while the Southerners are noble and unfairly downtrodden .
This is not history as most of us learn it .
But it ’s an intellectual exercise , and one good for the moral constitution , that makes us consider a reviled point of view .
“ History is written by the victors , ” after all .
If the South had ( infeasibly ) won , what attitude would now prevail ?
I think good fiction should make us consider an issue from another point of view .
It should tell a story , but , more than that , it should turn that story inside out and make us think hard about the world it portrays and the world around us .
This is what I ’m trying to do with my own writing , although I make no claims to the importance of racial rights and American history ’s most turbulent times .
Still , it ’s a way of effecting change through words .
Happy reading and writing , all .
Edgar Wallace c. 1898 –1902
Richard Horatio Edgar Wallace ( 1 April 1875 – 10 February 1932 ) was a prolific British crime writer , journalist and playwright , who wrote 175 novels , 24 plays , and countless articles in newspapers and journals .
Over 160 films have been made of his novels , more than for any other author .
He is credited as the author of King Kong , and co-creator of the original 1933 movie .
Quotes [ edit ]
Her uncle drove a taxi which he had purchased on the ' never never ' system .
You pay $ 80 down and more than you can afford for the rest of your life .
Novel More Educated Evans ( 1926 ) [ 1 ]
The day Mr. Reeder arrived at the Public Prosecutors ' Office was indeed a day of fate for Mr. Lambton Green , Branch manager of the London Scottish and Midland Bank .
The Mind of Mr J. G. Reeder ( 2000 ) , opening words
What is a highbrow ?
He is a man who has found something more interesting than women .
New York Times , 24 January 1932 , sec.8 , p. 6
Dreamin ' of thee !
Dreamin ' of thee !
" T. A. in Love " , Writ in Barracks ( 1930 )
I love everything about cheese : the food , the texture , the smell .
Unfortunately , it 's the only food I eat – unless you count bread and potatoes , which I can only just stomach if they 're smothered in layers of cheese .
Whenever I tell anyone this , the first thing they do is blame my mum and dad for allowing me to have such a limited diet , but really there was only so much they could do .
They always ate very healthily and wanted me to try what they ate , but from the start I did n't like the smell or the taste or the texture of food – except for cheese .
My parents did what any parents would do in their position : they told me I could n't leave the table until I cleared my plate .
But their power became limited as I got older .
I started hiding meals , throwing them away , or flushing bits down the loo .
Then I 'd fill myself up on bread and cheese in secret .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Telling someone that you only eat cheese inevitably elicits a bad reaction .
People usually think I 'm a freak .
Some try to psychoanalyse me , to uncover what made me this way , before attempting to change me ; it 's often assumed that I simply have n't ever tried good food , but that 's just not true .
For most people eating is a real pleasure and trying new food is an adventure , but for me it is something of a nightmare .
I can't stand the texture or the taste , so every day is like " Groundhog Day " .
I eat three meals and no snacks .
For breakfast , I have cheese on toast ; lunch is a cheese sandwich with cheese - flavoured crisps , and for dinner I 'll either have a jacket potato with cheese or a plain cheese pizza .
With that I 'll have fizzy water , or wine in the evenings .
Ironically , my husband adores trying new food .
If someone put a grub in front of him , he'd have a go .
He is a fantastic cook , and loves to eat out , but we can't go to a restaurant together because we 'll inevitably end up having a huge row .
When we do , I sit there with just a drink , watching my husband eat his meal , and every time the same old argument flares up .
My food phobia is the bane of my life .
I have to avoid any social occasions involving food , and my eating causes big problems for our family .
It 's not that I 'm concerned it will have an adverse affect on my child 's own habits , as some have suggested .
My daughter has a great appetite and loves every type of food .
But I can't be in the same room as her and her dad when they 're eating , so they eat together in one room , and I eat in another .
It means we miss out on proper family time .
It 's also a real pain having to explain myself all the time .
The only occasion I did n't feel guilty about what I ate wa s at my wedding because it was my day and I could behave how I liked .
My husband organised a big feast , with beef Wellington for the guests and I had a baked potato with cheese .
Everyone there knew me so well that no one thought anything of it .
As the night went on , I drank rather a lot of wine but obviously did n't have much in my stomach to soak it up .
My mother - in - law , bless her , whisked me upstairs and pulled out of her bag a picnic she 'd made me especially .
It was a really classy moment – there 's a picture of me in my wedding dress , on a chaise - longue , eating cheese crisps and a sandwich .
At times like this I have to laugh at my condition , but other times I feel like it 's ruining my life .
It 's a bit like being an alcoholic : I have to take each day as it comes .
I would love to change my attitude towards food .
Sometimes it feels like I 'm turning a corner , but the next moment it seems as if I 'll be like this for ever .
At times like this I have to laugh at my condition , but other times I feel like it 's ruining my life .
It 's a bit like being an alcoholic : I have to take each day as it comes .
I would love to change my attitude towards food .
Sometimes it feels like I 'm turning a corner , but the next moment it seems as if I 'll be like this for ever .
firstperson@independent.co.uk
Lingerie and Yandy are synonymous with sexy .
Check out trendy lingerie pieces such as babydolls , rompers , chemises , teddies , and crotchless lingerie guaranteed to keep your boudoir looking hot and fresh !
Oh , and we totally beat our competitors on price .
Why Buy Lingerie From Yandy
Lingerie is the most intimate and sexy of apparel .
Every modern woman knows that lingerie can make you feel gorgeous inside and out .
Women of the past knew it too - with undergarments that were sexy , functional , and always fit with the everyday fashions .
From its
French beginnings over 300 years ago to the billion dollar industry of our modern world , lingerie has transformed from tight and restrictive to flattering and provocative .
Babydoll -
The babydoll features a flattering , dress - like silhouette with a tight top and a flowing , skirted bottom .
Bodystocking -
The bodystocking is a full body one piece made of a netted or sheer fabric that covers the torso , legs , and even arms .
Chemise - A chemise is a form - fitting lingerie dress with intricate details and can be made in a wide variety of materials and designs .
Corset -
The modern corset typically includes lace detailing and built - in boning , while gently imitating its historical predecessor .
Fortunately , it no longer harms the shape of your body .
Teddy -
A teddy is a form - fitting one piece that covers the torso and crotch , and can be made in a wide variety of materials and designs .
Depending on style and fabric , they are able to worn as clothing as well .
Following the announcement that Hans Pandeya is having a second shot at buying The Pirate Bay after last year 's failed attempt , it appears he has a rival bid .
Media reports state that the GGF boss will now buy the site for $ 10 million , but Torrent Freak has managed to get $ 11 million together and will buy the site tomorrow afternoon at 3 pm .
According to a press release yesterday , Business Marketing Services Inc. has agreed to pay $ 10 million for the name and assets of BitTorrent monster The Pirate Bay .
CEO Hans Pandeya , who most people know from his Global Gaming Factory fame , will relaunch the the site on June 30th this year as a “ paid legal content site ” .
“ The technology out there to deliver entertainment is from the stone age , ” Pandeya said .
Pandeya says that the new site will be just like the old site except that it will only offer content that has been licensed by Business Marketing Services Inc .
In an amazing similarity to last year ’s announcement that GGF would buy The Pirate Bay , Pandeya says that the site will run on some new hot file - sharing technology .
Apparently , BMSV have assurances from a party that they will receive $ 10 m to make the purchase , so that means that they absolutely have the money and everything is going legal at The Pirate Bay in 2 months time .
So , to make sure this does n’t happen , Torrent Freak has spoken to the admins of a few torrent sites who , while assuring us they were absolutely serious and not at all drunk or having fun at our expense , promised they would give us $ 11 million so we can buy The Pirate Bay instead .
To come up with some cool new technology , the writers on TF have been studying Visual Basic since last night and can now assure our readers that we have some awesome things lined up for the site .
Of course , absolutely nothing you ’ve read so far in this article has a single grain of truth in it .
A Pirate Bay insider told TorrentFreak that there is no deal with Pandeya and that the whole thing is a complete fabrication .
Apple 's iPad will be capturing the imaginations of millions around the world this week .
But when you consider what you 're getting for your money , well , buying one may not seem like such a great idea .
Advertisement
We 've taken what 's shaping up as the most popular version of Apple 's book - reading , web - browsing and game - playing device , broken down how much it costs , then shown you what else you could get for your $ 499 .
Advertisement
If you 're looking at it as a games machine , that iPad does n't look like such a great idea now , does it ?
If you 're just in the market for some moustache wax while browsing the app store , though , well , we 're glad we could help .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Click the image above to embiggen it .
A quick note , the games for the four consoles listed ( PS3 and 360 included ) are just a rough guide .
Yeah , you could get more for your $ 499 , but I figured it 's better to go conservative than start splitting hairs .
Earlier Friday a Coast Guard official said that oil was not spilling from the deep - water well off the coast of Louisiana , apparently easing concerns of a potential environmental disaster days after the explosion left a one - by - five - mile sheen of oil on the Gulf of Mexico .
“ It does not appear that oil is emanating from the hole , ” said Katherine McNamara , a fireman with the Coast Guard .
Ms. McNamara said the assessment was made by using a remote - controlled device equipped with a camera and sonar .
Officials with the Coast Guard and BP , the company leasing the rig , said they were still trying to determine why oil was not escaping from the well , and whether that remains a possibility .
Image Smoke and a trail of oil were already causing concern on Wednesday , a day before the rig sank into the Gulf of Mexico .
David Rainey , a vice president for Gulf of Mexico exploration for BP , said Thursday : “ If there is any other oil that ’s coming from the well , it would be coming from the subsurface , so it would be coming from below the seabed .
The well was just over 18,000 feet deep , and we do n’t know from where in that 18,000 feet it would be coming . ”
Pentagon officials announced today that for the first time since the 2003 invasion of Iraq , there are more troops in Afghanistan than Iraq , officially making Afghanistan the ‘ Big War ’ and Iraq ‘ that other war . ’
Given President Obama ’s campaign pledges to escalate the war in Afghanistan and withdraw from Iraq , it is a wonder that it took over 16 months to reach this point , but a snail ’s pace in the Iraq drawdown coupled with logistics problems in the latest Afghanistan escalation conspired to make it a long , difficult road .
Indeed , were it not for the endless surges into Afghanistan this day might never have come at all , as 92,000 troops remain in Iraq and the numbers are still not dropping in any sort of serious way .
Rather Obama started with only 30,000 troops in Afghanistan but is rapidly approaching 100,000 , with more expected all the time .
Though much was made of the Obama Administration “ transitioning ” troops from Iraq to Afghanistan , they actually have tens of thousands more troops deployed between the two war zones today than they did when he took office .
For the military this means continued strain and more deployments , with no real end in sight .
by
In these days of extra large hard disks many try to copy large files from a DVD but find that ca n’t even though there is plenty of free space on the hard disk .
Why not ?
The most likely cause for this is not some sort of copy protection but that the file being copied is too large for the file system to handle .
Windows XP allows you to format a hard disk in two different file system formats : FAT32 and NTFS .
These file systems differ in the size of file they can handle .
FAT32 , for example , can only handle files up to 4GB in size .
When it was developed , that size file was almost unheard of but now , a DVD can have files that large or larger routinely .
So , if you are trying to copy a movie from a DVD onto your FAT32 - formatted hard drive it likely wo n’t copy as most full - length movies are files larger than 4GB .
FAT32
The original File Allocation Table ( FAT ) file system was introduced in 1977 and generally applied to floppy disk storage .
It was later modified to work with hard disks and other removable media .
FAT had a problem however ; it could only manage spaces up to 2GB in size .
As Windows came into being and programs became larger , the 2GB barrier became a serious problem .
Thus , in 1996 , with the OEM Service Release 2 ( OSR2 ) of Windows 95 ( also known as Windows 95 b ) came a FAT enhancement known as FAT32 .
The two major features of FAT32 that improved upon the original FAT ( or FAT16 as it ’s sometimes known ) are the disk efficiency and size of the disk supported .
Files are stored in clusters on the disk .
The size of the clusters depends on the size of disk .
Under FAT , drives over 1.2GB used clusters that were 32 K in size as the file allocation table itself could not track more clusters because of it ’s 16 - bit structure .
The 32 - bit structure in FAT32 allows disks of that size to use 4 K per sector .
This improves efficiency as a file , no matter how small , will always use at least one cluster and the space in the cluster not used is wasted .
FAT32 does n’t start to use 32 K clusters until the disk goes over 60 GB in size and can handle disks up to 2TB ( terabyte or trillion bytes ) ; though not all operating systems can deal with disks that size even if the file system can .
There are many other features changed between the two but these are the major ones to be concerned with .
The problem that many encounter now is one of the limits of FAT32 that ’s being run into : file size .
The original FAT ( FAT12 ) had a maximum file size of 32MB , FAT16 has a maximum file size of 2GB , and despite the much larger hard disk size supported by FAT32 , the maximum file size only doubled to 4GB .
This is largely why a movie file larger than 4GB in size might not be able to be copied to a hard disk with lots of space .
The hard disk is probably formatted using FAT32 .
There is no quick solution short of converting the hard disk to the NTFS file system .
NTFS
The New Technology File System ( NTFS ) was introduced in Windows NT ( mid-1993 ) and is available in different forms in all following products : Windows 2000 , Windows XP , Windows Server 2003 , and Vista .
It replaces FAT and FAT32 although some operating systems allow you to format disks as either FAT32 or NTFS .
You can convert FAT32 disks to NTFS with little problem however going back from NTFS to FAT32 may not be possible due to FAT32 limitations that NTFS does away with ( e.g. , file size as seen above ) .
NTFS makes a number of improvements over FAT - based file systems .
It uses advanced data structures , has a B + tree directory structure , has improved reliability and use of disk space , allows for extensions such as security control , and has both a hard disk and file size of 16 EiB ( EiB = exbibyte ; a contraction of exa binary byte , and equaling 1,152,921,504,606,846,976 bytes ) .
So , if you need to copy files larger than 4GB , you need to make certain that the file system on the hard disk you are copying to is NTFS and not FAT32 .
Unfortunately , many portable USB hard disk drives come formatted as FAT32 in order to interface with the maximum number of operating systems .
[ Added from comments ]
You can use a Windows Command Prompt command to convert a FAT volume to NTFS .
Open a Command Prompt window ( Start | type CMD and Enter into the search dialog to open a window ) .
To see the full syntax of the command and to verify that the command is present in your version of Windows type ( no quotes ) “ CONVERT /? ” at the command prompt and hit Enter .
This should give you the help and if it comes up you have the command available to use .
The command to convert any drive from FAT to NTFS would then be : CONVERT d : /FS : NTFS where d : is the drive letter of the disk / volume you wish to convert .
If you want to watch the details add a / V ( for verbose ) to the command .
Also , to enable all users to access the drive , just in case you might want to also add / NoSecurity to the command line .
These latter two are optional and usually not needed .
Also , this procedure does not erase the disk so files should be safe .
As in all things computer , having a backup of important files is critical no matter what and I ’d be careful if the disk is almost full as FAT and NTFS disks likely have different sector sizes and therefore hold different amounts of information .
More Information
Comments from Original Article :
# 4
anand
Said this on 2009 - 12 - 21 At 10:42 pm
very nice article
the command for converting fat32 to ntfs is as follows
Start > Run >
Cmd
convert d : /fs:ntfs
where d : is the drive letter of the external disk .
# 6
Vicky
Said this on 2010 - 01 - 02 At 09:00 am
In reply to # 4
Thanks anan , this info was extremely helpful .
When I tried to do Format it showed only FAT32 option but with this command it converted to NTFS .
Now I can copy large files !
# 8
clubber
Said this on 2010 - 01 - 17 At 11:34 pm
In reply to # 4
“ the command for converting fat32 to ntfs is as follows … ”
Thanks Anand .
Worked perfectly , was trying to copy an 8gb movie to a 16gb usb stick and kept getting the disk is full ( brand new and freshly formated ) .
After I ran that it copied no problems .
# 24
ashish
Said this on 2010 - 04 - 26 At 12:08 am
In reply to # 8
thats EXACTLY the prob i was facing !
though my USB was 8 GB .
solved now after i stumbled upon the solution given here .
many thanks 🙂
# 49
gazza
Said this on 2010 - 09 - 10 At 07:52 am
In reply to # 4
legend .
worked first time
# 7
ripple
Said this on 2010 - 01 - 14 At 03:50 am
Microsoft has provided the recommended solution for this issue here : http://support.microsoft.com/kb/307881
# 9
capicar
Said this on 2010 - 01 - 19 At 02:40 am
Thanks 1000 for your precious informations , very easy and understandable !
You solved my problem with huge files .
# 11
darkunderscorestar
Said this on 2010 - 01 - 23 At 12:02 pm
That microsoft article didnt have my problem ‘ the drive is not clean ’ so i couldnt convert it .
I ran chkdsk like prompted ( it even ran it in the initial process ) and to no avail it was a - okay .
So I just went ahead and opened up admin tools via control panel then formatted my terabyte portable HDD over night…its been seven hours and its at 89 %
# 12
DaBoss
Said this on 2010 - 01 - 23 At 02:42 pm
In reply to # 11
Sometimes a full format is the only way to change a drive but , frankly , I ’m a bit surprised that a drive as large as that was FAT formatted to begin with and not NTFS formatted .
The world of computers constantly throws curveballs . 🙂
# 13
Robin Hood
Said this on 2010 - 02-07 At 02:26 am
Hi , I think it is happening again .
MS has win7 out and xp must go , so
they do the same thing as with win98se , when it was at its end of life , and xp took over .
It is the big file copy / delete etc that was then crippled .
And now its the same with xp .
Damn M$ .
# 14
davide
Said this on 2010 - 02 - 16 At 06:41 am
thank you very much ! by far the best answer on the internet !
I was wondering if now my macor the PS3 at home will be able to read this file from the usb .
# 15
DaBoss
Said this on 2010 - 02 - 16 At 10:05 am
In reply to # 14
AFAIK the PS3 game system uses FAT32 and cannot read NTFS disks .
So , it is limited to files smaller that about 4GB .
# 59
farhang
Said this on 2010 - 12 - 04 At 03:12 pm
In reply to # 15
HEy U can use winrar
It help u to convert your file to Something like 5X700 …………
# 17
George
Said this on 2010 - 02 - 23 At 03:40 pm
Thanks i needed this information for an external disk which came with FAT32 format , now i can move large files into it thanks again !!
weed4all
Said this on 2010 - 03 - 10 At 11:19 am
THNX man !
U saved my life !
Cheers !
# 21
dave
Said this on 2010 - 03 - 23 At 06:20 pm
1 . How can i tell if my drive is FAT32 or NTFS ?
is there a dos command ?
2. if i convert from fat32 to NTFS do i loose the data on the drive >?
txs in advance
# 22
DaBoss
Said this on 2010 - 03 - 23 At 08:54 pm
In reply to # 21
Right click on the drive and select Properties .
In that dialog it should tell you what the drive format is .
In Vista all you have to do is click on the drive in the My Computer window and down at the bottom it should say what the file system is .
In general , there wo n’t be any data loss when converting from FAT32 to NTFS however a backup of critical data is always a prudent thing to do ; particularly when the disk is almost full .
If the sector size changes and the disk is almost full with lots of small files then the spare space at the end of the sectors could add up to trouble .
But , if you ’re changing the file system to put on a large file then that situation is very unlikely .
# 25
max
Said this on 2010 - 05 - 06 At 10:24 pm
Excellent Article !
If You have to transform FAT32 in NTFS , You may format the drive into NTFS !
Right cklick on the drive
You want to convert in Windows Explorer , than Format , on options
You choose NTFS , and click Quick Format !
But ,
You loose all the data on the formatted drive !
# 26
tony
Said this on 2010 - 05 - 12 At 10:06 am
SUPURB ARTICLE !
I am having the same issue .
My brand new 1TB drive is FAT32 formatted and I can’t move my backups ( 17 + GB ) to it .
The issue I am having is that I have created several “ manual ” backups where I copied the files / directories over manually as the backup file ( DNA ) would not work with the drive .
If I run the CONVERT D : / FS : NTFS command , will it overwrite / destroy my “ manual ” backups that I already have on the drive or will it convert the files in the process of converting the drive ?
Thanks in advance ,
TONY B .
# 27
DaBoss
Said this on 2010 - 05 - 12 At 10:19 am
In reply to # 26
The CONVERT program will take care of moving the files into the NTFS structure with ( usually ) no data loss .
I say usually because if the disk is quite full before the conversion strange things sometimes happen .
But , if it ’s not particularly full then all should be OK .
I would not try the command if the disk is almost full .
I ’d move some things , do the command , and then move them back .
# 29
muteki
Said this on 2010 - 05 - 27 At 02:17 pm
if i already have files on the portable drive will i lose those files when i convert it to ntfs ?
# 30
DaBoss
Said this on 2010 - 05 - 27 At 04:31 pm
In reply to # 29
No .
At least not unless the drive is almost full .
In that case it ’s remotely possible that one or more files might not be converted properly but this usually happens more when going from NTFS back to FAT rather than FAT to NTFS .
That said , it ’s always good to have a backup when messing with the lower levels on a drive . 🙂
# 32
WTF
Said this on 2010 - 06 - 22 At 09:19 am
VERY GOOD ARTICLE .
i just bought a USB drive and i couldnt copy files larger than 4g and i didnt know why !!
i searched google , found this article and in 2 minutes i made it work !!
thank you
# 33
Jeremy
Said this on 2010 - 06 - 28 At 03:04 pm
Thanks for this post , I ’ve learned a lot .
However , I found the post whilst searching for an answer to a related problem .
I have a mini cam on which I filmed a long AVI video – shows as just under 4 GB ( 4193258 KB – maybe somehow the cam capped the file size ? ) – however I am not able to open / play the movie .
I converted the memory card to NTFS ( so I wo n’t have the issue again ) but am still unable to view this movie .
Any ideas what I can do to rescue my movie ?
Thanks ,
Jeremy
# 34
DaBoss
Said this on 2010 - 06 - 28 At 03:16 pm
In reply to # 33
Your theory about the camera capping the file size is likely correct .
As to viewing the file , I ’m sorry but I ’m not a video file format expert .
It ’s possible that the file is simply not correctly terminated by the software in the camera .
Search for video recovery software ; there should be a free version of something out there ( be careful you do n’t get any junkware with ads , etc. in it though ) .
BTW , if you reformatted the memory card to NTFS it ’s quite possible that the camera will not be able to write to it at all .
Most devices are programmed to write to the FAT file system .
You might want to try the card in the camera before you commit to filming anything important .
You may just have to reformat the card again and content yourself to shooting shorter sequences and then edit them together .
# 35
wcat1319
Said this on 2010 - 06 - 29 At 10:56 pm
Thanks for the great write - up .
I recently bought a 32 GB USB flash drive to copy large PST files and could n’t because the USB was FAT32 .
Read your article and ran the convert command to make the USB NTFS , and voilla , I can now copy the files .
Thanks !
# 37
baz
Said this on 2010 - 07- 06 At 02:53 am
i have win xp and ntfs file system in the both drivers
but when i try to copy big file whuch size ( 28 GB or more ) it gives me ca n’t copy , not enough space , Despite Having Larger Free Space
idont know why ??
# 38
DaBoss
Said this on 2010 - 07- 06 At 04:59 pm
In reply to # 37
28G should not be a problem ( other than the time it will take ! ) for NTFS formatted media .
The max file size allowed is just shy of 16 Terrabytes .
Narasimha
Said this on 2010 - 07 - 21 At 01:27 pm
I have the same problem .
I wanted to copy a movie file that is aprox .
7GB to a external HD of 320 GB and it has a free space of 10 GB .
so now my question is if I convert the HD file system , does my existing data be erased or it would remain as it is .
please I am waiting for your response .
[ Previously answered .
The conversion is SUPPOSED to keep your data intact .
Every now and again it might not .
With so little space left on the drive I ’d likely back some of that up and take it off the drive during the conversion and then put it back so the conversion routines have enough free space to work with .
There is no absolute answer to your question .
– DaBoss ]
# 42
Damien Grant
Said this on 2010 - 08 - 21 At 01:11 am
Is there any way that a file greater than 4gb can be watched on the PS3 ?
im trying to convert my dvd library , but i want the files to be the best quality they can be .
if i cant move a file that is greater than 4gb , but i need my hard drive to be NTFS to move files to it , but the PS3 wont recognize NTFS – what do i do ??
Damien Grant .
# 43
DaBoss
Said this on 2010 - 08 - 21 At 10:29 am
In reply to # 42
The PS3 only recognizes FAT32 .
You ’ll have to break the movie up into smaller sections .
# 45
Bob Kight
Said this on 2010 - 08 - 28 At 05:51 pm
I have been using Adobe Photoshop Elements 2 for many years now and have only recently found the following bug .
I have no problem when saving a file from this program to a terabyte size hard drive ( which is really around 930 GBs ) .
But after attaching an external 2TB Hard drive , I ’ve found that this program will not save to this drive , because it is full – and according to My Computer it has more than a terabyte of room ( ? ) .
Apparently , this program has a maximum limit to saving files to a 1TB hard drive .
If I save any file created to any other drive ( equal to or less than a terabyte ) – no problem .
Then I can drag and drop it into the 2TB Drive – no problem .
I can only guess that the software people imagined that this early program would NEVER save files to more than a TeraByte – “ surprise – surprise – Sgt Carter ” !!!!!
# 46
DaBoss
Said this on 2010 - 08 - 28 At 05:58 pm
In reply to # 45
Actually , it ’s probably not the program but the operating system .
I ’ll bet you are using Windows XP .
That ’s a limit of XP .
The larger than 1TB disks start writing data at a different location that requires multiple sectors to be read and written for each single sector call and Vista and beyond can easily handle this this but XP cannot .
I have an article in writing about this but it got delayed by my 99.5 - year - old Mother ’s passing and my moving to a new city .
I ’ll be getting back to that shortly .
Note that some disk makers provide a program that can make XP work with the larger disk but it does so by moving data on the disk to a different series of locations and so the disk might not be able to be read if later moved to a different operating system .
# 98
Alex DeBongo
Said this on 2011 - 11-05 At 04:37 pm
In reply to # 46
Hi – – DaBoss :
Wrongo !
This is a problem with nearly ALL PSE programs up to 7 or 8 .
They will NOT write to a Terabyte sized HDD .
Once above 1TB , you ’re cooked .
You can open , but not save .
Adobe , in it ’s vast wisdom , has only recently realized that the TB barrier would likely be broken with people still using PSE - 2 thru 7 .
What we need is a crack to disable the remaining disk - space check .
OBTW – – I am running Winblows Vista ( which sux – Shades of WinME ) .
[ Actually , righto as far as it goes .
The terabyte limit ( and it ’s usually around 2T but can vary by device ) is something else having to do with 256 byte FAT versus 4096 byte FAT design ; not as easily solved as you ’ve found .
Vista and above wo n’t be bothered but XP and outside devices will .
There are workarounds for XP but these wo n’t work with external devices like the Playstation .
– DaBoss ]
# 48
lounisproduction
Said this on 2010 - 09 - 07 At 08:48 pm
If I convert my External Hard Disk to NTFS will this erase all my file in it ???
Also when I try on Command Prompt it says :
” Acces denied as you do not have sufficient privileges . ”
[ As answered before multiple times , generally no to the file loss .
As to the privilege item , right click the command prompt icon and select Run As Administrator .
If asked , give the proper password and then you should be able to continue .
– DaBoss ]
# 50
Gary
Said this on 2010 - 09 - 28 At 01:42 am
There ’s a lot of useful information in this article , but the original premise is flawed :
“ if you are trying to copy a movie from a DVD onto your FAT32 - formatted hard drive it likely wo n’t copy as most full - length movies are files larger than 4GB . ”
That ’s not correct , if you ’re talking about the DVD video standard ( as in the movie DVDs you buy or rent ) , the maximum .vob FILE size is 1 Gb , which FAT32 happily supports .
The TOTAL amount of video data does , as you say , far exceed 4 Gb , but that is achieved by breaking the video data into multiple files .
Unless you ’re creating a .iso image file , FAT32 is n’t a problem .
Dealing with the DVD encryption is far more of a problem .
# 51
DaBoss
Said this on 2010 - 09 - 28 At 08:34 am
In reply to # 50
Most people try to get the ISO file as they do n’t know about the chapters and DVD encryption was broken a long time ago .
Even the master Blue Ray code was leaked not long ago so that will be less and less of a problem over time now .
# 52
Janet
Said this on 2010 - 10 - 20 At 12:59 pm
Hi .
I have XP w / Nero .
I tried to copy a 2.17 GB file to a 4.7 GB DVD and received the message my file was too big for the disk , & was required to select “ use 8.3 file names for back - up . ” I tried your formula above – Start > Run >
Cmd convert d : / fs: ntfs & received the message “ cannot convert volume on this device . ”
Am I doing something wrong ?
I am backing up some large picture and music files and it seems wasteful to have to use 3 - 4 almost 5 GB disks for only 8 GB of files .
Thanks for your help .
# 53
DaBoss
Said this on 2010 - 10 - 20 At 01:14 pm
In reply to # 52
I would contact Nero .
You ca n’t use the conversion on a disc but you should not have to .
Sounds like a program limitation to me ; particularly with the need for 8.3 names .
Have not needed those for a long time now .
There are special ( obscure ) rules for CD / DVD file naming but 8.3 is not one of them .
# 56
dnv
Said this on 2010 - 11 - 20 At 10:29 am
Thanks for the article , very informative .
1 Question though :
If my external hard drive is 320 GB in size , and only 28 GB is free and I want to copy a 6GB file over without losing any of the data ; can you assure me that converting from FAT32 -> NTFS that I will not lose any data ?
Thanks .
# 57
DaBoss
Said this on 2010 - 11 - 20 At 01:24 pm
In reply to # 56
Absolutely assure ?
No .
Nothing in life is absolutely certain .
But , under the conditions you describe I see no problems .
You have enough space to spare so the conversion should leave you with pretty much what you have free and that ’s plenty to do the copy you want to do .
As always however it there are critical files on the drive they should be backed up somewhere and this is true even if you were not contemplating a conversion .
Drives fail .
That ’s a rule you can pretty much count on .
# 58
Ammar
Said this on 2010 - 11 - 21 At 09:16 pm
u dont have to use this method .
there is an easy way .
U just have to right click on your drive and click format and change the settings from fat into ntfs and click format and then u will be able to transfer large files easily .
[ The point is that people want to KEEP what ’s already on the drive .
Formatting will erase all that stuff .
But , yes , if you do n’t care about what ’s on the drive then by all means format it as it ’s faster .
– DaBoss ]
# 59
Jugal
Said this on 2010 - 12-05 At 11:50 pm
Does the drive get formated by this method ???????
[ Not exactly but sort of :-) .
The drive is incrementally changed to NTFS format so that ’s the ultimate result but , in the process , the data is preserved where it ’s not when you format the drive .
– DaBoss ]
# 64
Wing Tat Chan
Said this on 2011-01-09 At 06:13 pm
Do I have to backup my files in my external drive while the windows is converting my external drive from FAT32 to NTFS ?
[ The answer is in the article and following comments .
I ’m tired of typing the same thing over and over so please READ what ’s written .
Thank you .
– DaBoss ]
# 65
darren
Said this on 2011 - 01 - 10 At 12:32 am
By converting my external hard disk from FAT32 to NTFS will my data stored be erased ?
[ The answer is in the article and following comments .
I ’m tired of typing the same thing over and over so please READ what ’s written .
Thank you .
– DaBoss ]
# 68
Jacob Norgaard
Said this on 2011 - 01 - 17 At 10:03 am
Nice article , but sadly it never tells you what to do if you want to see a movie via your extern harddrive .
As far as i understand the only format that tv , soundbars etc can read is the fat32 .
So what to do if you want to watch a movie on your extern .
The only way to get the movie to the extern is to make it NTFS , but then your tv wont be able to read it ..
# 69
DaBoss
Said this on 2011 - 01 - 17 At 12:04 pm
In reply to # 68
While not explicitly stated the answer is implicit in the article .
To play on an external device you basically need to make the file less than 4 gigabytes in size .
Use your favorite editor to either re compress the file to a smaller size or split the file into multiple files .
# 71
Janis
Said this on 2011 - 02 - 17 At 06:48 am
Is there anyway at all you could transfer files larger than 4gb on a WD My Passport Hard Drive on a macbook ?
apparently people have problems using nfts on mac operating systems .
[ Sorry , I ’m not a Mac person .
Anyone ? - DaBoss ]
# 72
Jeremy
Said this on 2011 - 02 - 22 At 10:39 am
I just tried this to an external HD and now it ’s telling me my drive is unformatted and / or corrupted .
Any suggestions as to my next step in troubleshooting ?
[ Without being there to see the situation and understand what happened simply trying now to format the drive would be my suggestion .
If that does n’t work then I ’d contact the manufacturer and try to find out what makes their drive so special that it wo n’t take simple Windows commands .
– DaBoss ]
# 74
kw_s_in@yahoo.com
Said this on 2011 - 03 -06
At 10:08 am
Hi THIS IS COMMON PROBLEM WITH WIN XP AND WIN VISTA when transfering or copying files esp above 4 GB .
I ’ve simple solution attach pen drive or memory card to ur usb port open Windows Explorer / My Computer .. now right click on the drive letter SELECT OPEN AS “ PORTABLE MEDIA DEVICE ” .. THIS OPENS NEW WINDOW .. DRAG AND DROP OR COPY PASTE THE HUGE FILES INTO THIS WINDOW .
NO NEED TO FORMAT OR CHANGE PARTITION TYPE !!
NOTE THIS IS SLOW AS NOW COMPUTER WILL TREAT AS PORTABLE DEVICE INSTEAD OF USB .
[ This will work but pay attention to the last part .
As a portable device the USB device will not look like a standard file system to Windows or the Mac and can ONLY be used as a portable media device .
If NTFS formatting is used then the device can store media and other files .
The down side of either is that the computer or other device you plug the USB drive into must either support portable media devices in one case or NTFS in another .
That ’s not always the case so know what your devices support .
– DaBoss ]
# 76
Joel
Said this on 2011 - 03 - 21 At 02:31 pm
i did all the steps and then it was calculating the size for the conversion with a bunch of numbers …….
THEN after waiting it gave me a message saying this .
” Data error ( cyclic redundancy check ) ”
HELP ME ???????
[ Sounds like maybe one or more sectors on the drive have become corrupted in some way .
I ’d back everything up by copying to another disk and then after you know the backup is good ( test it ) I ’d just reformat the initial disk and start over with it .
– DaBoss ]
# 77
deviant
Said this on 2011 - 04-09 At 07:20 pm
This does not fix the problem .
Cuz my TV cant read from NTFS structure , but it support H264 ( I flashed firmware on LG ) .
Thats really sucks !
FAT32 sucks .
[ That ’s what happens when you live at the convergence point of technology .
Often , the old is n’t good enough and the new is n’t well supported .
Until the TV maybe gets a new operating system update that does support NTFS best you can do is either reduce the resolution to fit everything into the proper size or break the video apart into properly - sized sections .
– DaBoss ]
# 79
Spencer
Said this on 2011 - 06 - 10 At 02:17 pm
I think this question come about in this scenario .
You have a 20gb hard disk with only 500 mb free , you try to copy or move a 3 gb size file to another drive .
The copy process is halted because you need a certain amount of caching area on the disk your copying from for the data to be written for the simple reason if the copy or move fails you already have a duplicate of the duplicate in a temp file form .
I find depending on the file being moved you need an equal size amount of free space to produce the same temp file your copying .
Confused OK let me simplify I had a drive C : with only 20 mb free so I though “ I know I will move a large video file say 700 mb to get me more space WRONG error says your do n’t have free space on the drive your copying TO ( seems weird ) even though you have GB ’s free .
Solution move loads of lesser than 20 mb files to create enough cache or temp space to copy the large file in my case only 2 lesser than 20 mb then with now 60 mb approx freed up moved 50 mb files and so on until I had 400 mb then any size file was movable …. phew …hope that helps if even a little .
[ Actually , a valid observation but it does not relate to the specific topic here which has more to do with the overall limits of the file system instead of quirks in how Windows copies files .
🙂 – DaBoss ]
# 81
Nag . .
Said this on 2011 - 06 - 20 At 09:45 am
Hi ,
My DBA ’s & server ’s support team trying move one large Sharepoint Content DB file ( around 100 GB ) backup file from Prod to QA ..
But they always recieve the error “ Cannot copy the db : Not enough storage is available to process this command ” .
Server : Windows 2003 SE SP2
Please can you advice on how to avoid this error , and copy the file properly from one server to another ..
[ Sorry , no experience with this specific task .
However , as a general comment , make certain there is at least double the size of the file you want to copy free on both drives .
Some network systems will , in order to prevent conflicts , make a temporary copy of the file , copy that and then delete the copy .
Likewise , on the receiving end , the file may be copied to a temporary file , copied over to the actual file name and then the temporary file deleted .
These actions require the double free space .
But , that ’s just a guess .
– DaBoss ]
# 83
Timmy
Said this on 2011 - 07 - 13 At 09:58 am
When I ’ve done the above convert commands I get the message :
the type of file system is FAT32 and does n’t go any further in the process .
Any ideas please ?
[ Sounds like the conversion did not process correctly and so you still have FAT32 instead of NTFS .
– DaBoss ]
# 85
max
Said this on 2011 - 07 - 18 At 04:29 am
Thanks for the info .
You have resolved 75 % of my problem .
I have to external disc driver both in NFTS .
And I can not transfert big files from one to an other .
ERROR COPYING FILE OR FOLDER CANNOT COPY FILE .
why ?
Thanks .
[ Sorry , no way knowing from that error message .
Could be one of a great many reasons .
– DaBoss ]
# 89
Tommy
Said this on 2011 - 08 - 22 At 04:59 am
A very good article .
But no solution ?
[ Please consider reading it again .
Solution is convert to NTFS .
– DaBoss ]
# 90
Julie G
Said this on 2011 - 11 - 25 At 04:30 pm
Followed the instructions and it says is not available for raw drives , I have a 120 GB ipod hooked up , what am I doing wrong ?
[ You are trying to apply a Windows command to a non-Windows - formatted device .
Wo n’t work on Apple stuff .
Sorry . – DaBoss ]
# 105
NOman
Said this on 2011 - 12 - 11 At 06:02 am
DON ’T DO THIS FOR MEMORY CARD !
U HAVE TO FORMAT ALL OF UR DATA HUH OTHERWISE IT WILL CONVERT IN TO S***.
[ Yes .
This is just for USB drives and not for things like SD cards that might fit into a camera .
The memory cards carry their own FAT - style formatting but it ’s a bit different than the disk FAT .
– DaBoss ]
# 107
sibipaul
Said this on 2011 - 12 - 26 At 06:28 am
your article is so helpfull for us , ut itz not complete …….. some file system type u didnt xpossed , eg : exFAT , its a file sytem can u give the information about this ???????
[ It ’s not really an article about file systems as such ; just a way to get more onto a removable device .
But , I ’ll think about it .
– DaBoss ]
The US navy is set to be both green and mean with the dawning of an new eco-friendly assault force that will mind its carbon footprint as it destroys its enemy .
It is to launch ' great green fleet ' , a fighting force of ships , submarines and planes powered entirely by biofuels .
The first group will be tested in 2012 , and the navy plans for it to be operational by 2016 .
The push for greener fighting forces runs across the Pentagon .
The military accounts for nearly 80 % of the US government 's energy consumption and the two wars in Afghanistan and Iraq have made strategists acutely conscious of both the massive cost and serious security risks of the gas - guzzling ways of the past .
By the time it arrives in the war zone , a gallon of gas can cost up to $ 400 , according to a study by the Pew project on national security , energy and climate .
The US military is also anxious to cut down on fuel convoys to reduce troops ' exposure to roadside bombs and other risks .
While a large proportion of Americans remain sceptical about global warming , the Pentagon does not .
Its long - term strategic review earlier this year officially recognised global warming as a security threat .
" The department of defence takes climate change seriously , " said Amanda Dory , deputy assistant secretary of defence for strategy .
The Pentagon has committed to procuring 25 % of its electricity from renewable sources by 2025 .
It is also looking to convert its fighting machine to greener sources of fuel .
On Thursday , the navy will test an F / A - 18 Super Hornet – the biggest gas - guzzler in the US air fleet – powered by a 50 - 50 mix of jet fuel and camelina , an oil seed grown in Montana .
The army is also investing in portable wind generators and working to take its huge base in Fort Irwin California off the public electricity grid in the next decade , using a 500 MW solar panel array .
The Marine Corps , meanwhile , has a 10x10 campaign aimed at reducing energy and water use over the next 10 years .
The navy has a head start on the other branches of the military .
About 17 % of its craft - aircraft carriers and submarines — are already fuelled by nuclear power .
Aside from the green strike fleet , the navy hopes to get half of its energy consumption , on - shore and afloat , from alternative energy .
But the military 's idea of the plus sides advantages of going green may still not entirely chime with those of environmental campaigners .
" The over - riding reason was to make us better war fighters , " said the navy secretary Ray Mabus .
When Metro transit cop Cedric Mitchell volunteered for a special pickpocket detail near the start of his career , in 1988 , he figured it would just be a good opportunity to get out of his uniform for a while .
Growing up in Clinton , Md. , Mitchell had exposure to pickpockets only through Charles Dickens ’ Oliver Twist in high school , and his inexperience made for a frustrating training period .
His lieutenant would point out pickpockets with ease , seemingly able to dip his hand into the blur of passengers and come up with a live , wriggling thief with every try .
“ Did you see him , Mitch ? ” he would ask .
“ What about him ? ” Mitchell had no idea what he was talking about .
I just see people , he would think .
What am I missing ?
Why am I not seeing what he sees ?
After a few months , he finally began to notice things : the incongruity of someone wearing a coat with another one draped over an arm ; a dry- cleaning bag containing a soiled , wrinkled shirt ; running shoes with a suit ; the way someone moved against the current of riders .
One day while scanning the streams of subway riders at Metro Center , he noticed an irregularity in the pattern .
A man walked through the crowd , casing passengers and staying in constant motion but not going anywhere — a pickpocket .
I got one !
Mitchell thought .
Mitchell watched his suspect , primed to make his first pickpocket arrest .
His pulse quickened as the man walked up behind a woman , but Mitchell did n’t see his hands go into her purse .
Then the man backed off and walked away .
Mitchell figured the guy missed ; he followed the man up the escalator , but he made no more attempts .
He saw the same man in the subway a few weeks later , sizing up another woman and stepping behind her .
This time , Mitchell saw where his hands were — in his pockets , fondling himself .
“ There ’s another criminal that moves exactly like a pickpocket , except for the end result : perverts , ” explains Mitchell .
“ They both go into and out of a crowd .
They both have to find the right person that works for him or her .
The only difference between a pervert and a pickpocket is how they stand .
Pickpockets stand off - center , off to the side , so they can get in and out .
A pervert will be right here . ”
Mitchell stands directly behind an imaginary mark , leading with his groin .
Those first few months on his own , every potential pickpocket turned out to be a pervert .
Mitchell says he became so familiar with them that he would see a fondler leaning against a wall , watch a beautiful woman walk past , and think , Oh , she ’s a nice one .
Why is n’t he going for that ?
And when he did make his move , on someone much less attractive , he ’d wonder , Why her ?
“ But we all have that person who moves us , ” says Mitchell .
The pervert detours were among many turns that Mitchell , 46 , has taken in his quest to rid the subway of pickpockets .
Yet they were also instructive , helping shape him into a better pickpocket detective .
For in order to do his job well , Mitchell needs a quick mind , a calm , nonconfrontational demeanor , a keen sense of observation , oodles of patience , and platinum nerves — the very attributes of a good pickpocket .
Washington ’s Metrorail system comprises 106 miles of track and 86 stations , and it moves 750,000 passengers on an average weekday .
Patrolling the hole , as Mitchell and his officers call it , for the handful of pickpockets that might be working on any given day is no easy task .
Just about every American city with a subway system has pickpockets , as the venue provides everything they desire : many victims , constant movement of people , display and exchange of money , and crowds in which to hide .
When Mitchell works the hole , he often munches food or sips a soda pop ; perps are unlikely to suspect that the guy breaking Metro laws is a cop .
Sometimes rookie officers will tell him to toss out the drink .
Even so , Mitchell readily admits that catching pickpockets often comes down to pure luck .
During President Clinton ’s first inauguration , Metro officers noticed two women milling around the Smithsonian station platform wearing full - length fur coats .
The cops stopped them , took them to a back room , and then asked the magic question : Could they look in their purses ?
Inexplicably , the women agreed .
( “ I do n’t know why people let the police look in their bags , ” says Mitchell .
“ I guess they think if they say yes , they ’ll just let them go . ” )
Inside the purses , the officers found seven wallets , none of them belonging to the women .
“ Oh , we ’re from Chicago , ” one of them explained with a wave of her hand .
“ We heard all the problems you all had with pickpockets so our girlfriends asked us to carry their wallets for them . ”
The officers looked at each other .
“ OK , what are their names ? ” one asked .
Busted , the women spilled the goods .
They were just mules , they said .
In fact , they claimed , the guy they were working with was probably waiting right outside the door .
The officers opened the door , found the leader , and arrested all three .
Mitchell met them at the station , where the man asked if he could call his lawyer .
The officer laughed .
“ You ’re in D.C. , ” he said .
“ No long - distance phone calls . ”
“ I have a lawyer in D.C. , ” said the man .
Sure enough , he had a lawyer in Washington .
On K Street .
Mitchell called the office and left a message with the answering service .
Ten minutes later , the lawyer called back , and the first thing Monday morning , he showed up to get his client out of jail .
Before he left town , the alleged pickpocket had the gall to ask for his fur coats back .
Mitchell later found out that the man had an attorney in every major city from California to New York , all on retainer .
Such is the life of a “ cannon , ” the highest echelon in the pickpocket hierarchy .
“ That ’s the great thing — he knew the system , ” says Mitchell .
“ If you get locked up for the first time in some place , they ’ll most likely let you go on personal recognizance . ”
The system does n’t place a high value on pickpocket collars .
The Metro - cop shop , for instance , has 423 total officers , a fraction of whom serve on pickpocket details ; at any given time , there are less than 10 officers working on pickpockets .
Nor is D.C. Police Chief Charles Ramsey going to declare a pickpocket state of emergency anytime soon .
According to spokesperson Officer Darron Jackson , the D.C. Police Department does n’t have a single person dedicated to pickpocket crimes .
Nor is pickpocket - busting part of the training curriculum , leaving Mitchell , who made detective in 1993 , as the de facto head of anti-pickpocket efforts in the city .
Because a skilled pickpocket leaves his victims thinking they just lost or misplaced their wallets , pickpocket statistics tend to be soft .
So Mitchell must use other types of information to help him figure out where to deploy his details .
Instead of reported pickpocketings , he analyzes reports of lost wallets , as well as eyeglass cases or other things that pickpockets , navigating by feel , sometimes mistake for wallets .
When he identifies a rash , he tries to isolate the hot spot .
Sometimes he ’ll drop undercover officers there — other times , he ’ll just use highly conspicuous police officers , though the better pickpockets are n’t dissuaded by uniformed officers on their turf .
In fact , Mitchell says they often prefer having them around , because it means their victims will have their guards down .
The cannons have so much confidence in their abilities that they might sting someone just to prove a point .
Mitchell estimates that there are about 100 pickpockets working in Washington , a figure that increases when out - of - towners descend on the city during big events : March Madness , the NBA playoffs , presidential inaugurations .
Some die off and some quit the game , but few give it up for good .
It ’s just too lucrative and the jail times are so low .
“ The average bank robber gets $ 3,000 to $ 4,000 , ” says Mitchell .
“ However , if you walk into a bank and even imply you have a gun , and you get caught , you ’re getting five years for the gun , plus a federal charge .
That ’s 10 years , at least .
If I pick your pocket , steal your identity , and take out a $ 50,000 loan , and I get caught , I do a year .
Who ’s the smarter man ?
Now , I do n’t condone any criminal — that ’s why I have this job — but if you ’re going to be a criminal , be a smart criminal . ”
While the basic crime has n’t changed since Dickens ’ day , pickpockets have become increasingly sophisticated over the years in terms of how they exploit the contents of a wallet .
Identity theft has opened up all sorts of new avenues for pickpockets , whether making purchases with stolen credit cards or using them to open new credit cards ( just about every department store these days offers instant credit ) .
Debit cards are particularly valuable , as they tell the pickpocket where the victim banks , and with a good fake ID , a crook can not only clean out the account but also take out loans in the victim ’s name .
If pickpockets do n’t want to play the credit cards , they can always sell them off .
According to Mitchell , a regular credit card sells for between $ 75 and $ 100 ; a platinum card fetches a bit more .
Mitchell has noticed that pickpockets use stolen credit cards to rent cars , the most common type being minivans , because they have multiple cigarette lighters .
Pickpockets can pull into a parking lot , plug in all the computers and printers and equipment they need to forge identification , and drive to the bank or store to use the cards .
If it ’s been more than 30 minutes since they ’ve stolen the wallet , they ’ll head to a gas station and swipe the card at the pump to check whether or not the card has been canceled .
And then there are the Robber Hoods , as Mitchell calls them , pickpockets who will pinch a wallet , copy down all the credit card numbers and personal information , and then mail the wallet back to the victim .
The victim , grateful for the good Samaritan , goes on with life .
The Robber Hood warehouses the information for six months , maybe a year , and then gets to work .
By the time the victim starts receiving bills and past - due notices , the pickpocket has moved on to another wallet — such is the thief ’s familiarity with credit - card billing cycles .
“ They have it all worked out , man , ” says Mitchell .
“ It ’s all there .
Everything that we do to make life easier for us , with this criminal , we make it easier for them . ”
Mitchell estimates that he ’s made fewer than 100 pickpocket arrests in his career .
His first came in the fall of 1988 , and it went down just as he had been taught it would .
He spotted a man at Metro Center with a dry- cleaning bag draped over his arm ( a classic “ shade , ” or something that hides a pickpocket ’s hand action ) talking with a woman .
At first , he figured the man was just chatting her up , but then he noticed that when the train pulled in , he would stop his conversation and start looking over the crowd .
Mitchell walked past the man to get a look at his dry cleaning .
In the bag was a woman ’s blouse .
Mitchell followed him to Union Station , excited and nervous , thinking that the pickpocket would surely notice the tail , but he did n’t .
As they got off the train , the man dropped his shade to his side , and fell in step behind another woman .
On the escalator , the man gave one final look around , not noticing Mitchell , who was hiding about four people back , and made his move .
Like a shark closing its eyes when it opens its jaws to bite , pickpockets step into what Mitchell calls “ the zone ” just before they strike , a momentary state of such deep concentration that they briefly become dissociated from their surroundings .
It lasts for only a second or two , but that ’s when they are vulnerable , and that ’s when Mitchell , watching intently the whole time , made his first pickpocket collar .
“ Man , I wish I had one of them video cameras , because this was perfect , ” says Mitchell .
“ And that ’s how you catch them .
You just have to be patient . ”
A Navy brat , Mitchell grew up in Prince George ’s County , where as a youngster , he loved gangster movies , particularly the first two Godfather films .
“ I think the whole criminal thing excited him , ” says Clifton Douglas , a childhood friend with whom he now coaches youth basketball .
“ And now being able to match wits with them excites him . ”
Mitchell was a sharpshooting swingman on the Gwynn Park basketball team and earned a scholarship to Shenandoah College in Winchester , Va. , but found out when he arrived on campus that the school had eliminated his scholarship .
He went home and started working , first as a runner for a bank and then as a security guard at Northern Virginia Community College .
That job led to similar appointments at the Treasury Department and the Library of Congress .
In 1985 , at the suggestion of some retired D.C. police officers , he joined the Metro police .
He figured there was a reason why he kept applying for positions in law enforcement and kept getting the jobs .
His first few months as a Metro officer were difficult .
Patrolling the streets wearing a gun and a bulletproof vest was a far cry from the relatively easy pace of policing the Bureau of Printing and Engraving .
The first time he got into a scrap while trying to arrest an unruly suspect , he wondered if he had made the right choice .
“ I just stayed prayed - up , ” he says .
“ ‘ Lord , please do n’t let nothing happen to me . ’ ”
Nothing did , and his prayers were answered when Lt. Anthony Montgomery , the house pickpocket expert , came looking for volunteers for his detail .
Montgomery and Mitchell spent countless hours together chasing pickpockets , and growing pains aside , Montgomery was impressed with Mitchell ’s aptitude for the job .
“ Cedric had a lot of talents that other people did n’t have , ” says Montgomery .
“ A lot of people , it ’s just a job and they go home , but he tried to learn everything he could about the culture , and that made the difference .
He became the person I relied upon the most , and he made me look good .
There ’s no question that he was the heir apparent . ”
When Montgomery moved on to a different assignment in 1996 , Mitchell was crowned as successor .
Pickpockets , he realized , were his niche .
Part of the allure was just how little attention pickpockets received .
It was also the curious , almost quaint set of rules by which pickpockets live .
“ They ’ve got a lot of game , ” says Mitchell .
“ I do n’t think law enforcement gives them their due .
They ’re so smart .
“ It ’s a little sneaky , it ’s a little edgy , but it ai n’t the violent edgy , ” Mitchell continues .
“ It ’s more of a brain thing .
You ’re trying to outthink .
You ’re trying to plot their next move .
The game is all psychological .
That ’s what hooked me . ”
The game is also exceedingly difficult .
Two plainclothes officers , Jamal Anderson and Tracie Saunders , have a combined eight years of experience on the force and just a single pickpocket arrest to show for it .
They ’ve seen dozens more , but they ca n’t arrest pickpockets just for coming into the hole .
Officers are hamstrung until the thief completes the act .
Anthony M. Montgomery , a K - 9 officer and son of Lt. Montgomery , worked on some of Mitchell ’s details early in his career .
By then , Mitchell had become the expert and Montgomery the hapless rookie .
“ Except for my father and Cedric , ” says Anthony Montgomery , “ nobody can say they ’re good at catching pickpockets . ”
“ People always say , ‘ Mitch , you had to have been a pickpocket , ’ ” laughs Mitchell .
“ Nope .
You ’ve just got to have the right mentality for it . ”
The job is more lifestyle than profession .
When Mitchell walks by a fancy hotel , he sizes up the clientele for easy marks , and he considers the marquee listing the day ’s events as a veritable menu for pickpockets .
Every spring he and his buddies take a trip to watch the NCAA men ’s basketball tournament somewhere — Indianapolis , Charlotte , New Orleans — and instead of watching the games , Mitchell finds himself scanning the crowds for pickpockets .
He usually gets his friends to start looking , too .
Sometimes he ’ll recognize faces from Washington .
Even when he ’s out with his family , taking in a basketball game at Verizon Center , he ’ll notice something about a person ’s eyes or hands or posture and point them out as a pickpocket .
“ To me , they stand out like they got on a red suit , ” he says .
“ My kids always joke , ‘ Do you ever stop ? ’
I ca n’t help it .
It ’s just part of me . ”
When he visits a public bathroom , he wonders why the stall dividers do n’t reach the floor , because john workers like to snatch purses set on the floor from the next stall .
Security people at the Baltimore harbor once called Mitchell in to help them with john workers .
Mitchell went into the bathrooms and immediately saw the problem .
“ Take the hooks off the backs of the doors , ” he said .
That way , thieves would n’t be able to snatch coats or purses hung from the hooks .
Mitchell returned to Washington thinking he ’d solved the problem .
But pickpockets are creatures of habit , and if a play works , they ’ll do what they can to ensure that it keeps working .
A few months later , Mitchell received a phone call from Baltimore harbor security : Apparently , some enterprising pickpockets had replaced the door hooks .
Pickpockets act as an indicator species .
They were onto identity theft long before hackers started stealing PIN numbers .
When women began getting picked , it was because they ’d become more equal - wage earners and had better credit .
There ’s a reason that pickpockets still prefer to sting whites and Asians rather than blacks , says Mitchell .
“ Society tells us that blacks have the least , ” he explains .
“ We ’re poor , we have bad credit , and culturally , we have a thing about space .
We ’re confrontational if we feel you ’re invading our space . ”
It ’s this kind of profiling that intrigues Mitchell the most .
For years ,
Mitchell tried to get pickpockets to talk when he arrested them , but he always seemed to ask the wrong questions .
When he pressed them for their accomplices , he was met with a steely glare .
“ That ’s your job , ” was the usual reply .
“ You figure it out . ”
Then he locked up a pickpocket for the third time .
On the way to booking , he remarked , “ Man , when are you gonna quit ? ”
For some reason , the man decided to talk .
“ Oh , I do n’t know , ” he said .
“ Well , how ’s this game played ? ” Mitchell asked .
“ School me . ”
“ What do you want to know ?
I ’m not just gonna tell you everything .
You got to ask the questions . ”
Mitchell thought .
“ You see thousands of people every day , ” he said .
“ How did you decide this woman was the one worthy of getting picked ? ”
The pickpocket laid it out for him :
Though her clothes appeared unremarkable , he could tell right away that they were very expensive .
The problem with most officers , he explained , was that they did n’t know what to look for .
They were too easily fooled by a nice - looking suit .
Meanwhile , the pickpocket is scoping the man dressed in a polo shirt and tennis shoes , because he ’s the one wearing a Rolex .
Matter of fact , the pickpocket told Mitchell , that other man ’s suit is probably cheap .
Rich people , except for athletes and young movie stars , do n’t bling .
“ It was just intriguing to me that they pay that …close … attention … to … detail , ” says Mitchell , snapping his fingers to punctuate each word .
“ They know if it ’s a Coach bag , and how much that bag costs .
They go up to New York and study the fakes .
When they ’re in the department stores using stolen credit cards , they ’re feeling the material on the clothes so they can tell a Versace suit from a Men ’s Warehouse one .
They spend all this time to learn their trade .
And that ’s what it is .
It ’s their trade . ”
When she was 19 , “ Mercedes ” began working with one of the better crews in the city , attracted by the money and the travel .
She mentions traveling cross-country twice with the same pride that accompanies stories of her biggest picks .
Mercede ’s specialties were stalling ( holding up the victim , often by asking for directions , so that the picker could make the play ) and forging signatures .
The first time Mitchell ever met her was when he locked her up in 1992 , and the conversation was n’t very friendly .
He was young and Mercedes decided to test him .
But Mitchell was never adversarial with her , even though he seemed to keep arresting her .
One day , she learned Mitchell ’s first name and decided to give him a nickname , calling him “ Ced . ”
“ Some officers like to stick it to [ suspects ] —
‘ You ’re the scum of the earth ’ and all that , ” says Mitchell .
“ But I always treated her with respect .
Not too tight with the cuffs , never led her by the cuffs . ”
Each time she was arrested for pickpocketing , Mercedes did minimal time .
Then , she was picked up at Pentagon City mall with traces of heroin in her purse and went away for four years .
Mitchell visited her from time to time to talk about pickpocketing .
After her release , Mercedes went straight , enrolling in college and getting a job .
In her free time , she helps Mitchell out when he gives talks about pickpockets .
“ I ’ve known her for about 12 years , ” says Mitchell .
“ We go way back .
She ’s a different person than when I first met her , and I have no problem calling her my friend .
Some law enforcement may not feel that ’s right .
But that ’s the great thing about life .
People can change .
“ It ’s not my job to rehabilitate you , but if you ’re trying to get your life together , I ’m pulling for you , I ’m going to support you , ” Mitchell continues .
“ Some people think that ’s crazy , but the way I look at it , that ’s one less criminal on the street I ’ve got to worry about .
If more people looked at it this way , we ’d probably be better off .
Because that ’s what it ’s all about : getting criminals off the street . ”
Pickpockets talk to Mitchell all the time these days .
They ’ll even call his cell phone , usually to needle him .
Sometimes they ’ll ask why he was n’t at the Redskins game last weekend , because they tore the place up .
( As a transit detective , FedExField , RFK Stadium , and all but the Metro station of Verizon Center are outside of Mitchell ’s jurisdiction ) .
Or they ’ll tell him they saw him on television , giving a sound bite during some segment on pickpockets , and joke that he needs to keep quiet , because they would prefer staying under the radar , thank you very much .
“ Dang you , Mitch , you need to stay off TV , ” one good - naturedly told him after spotting him on Good Morning America .
“ You ’re putting too much light on us .
Nobody talks about this but you . ”
“ What are you doing up that early in the morning , anyway ? ” Mitchell asked .
“ Mitch , we get up early , man , ” the man laughed .
“ The early bird gets the worm , baby . ”
Mitchell suspects that deep down , some of them secretly enjoy the notoriety of having their profession discussed on the news .
After all , if Mitchell ’s talking about them on national television , they must be important .
As with all highly skilled tradesmen , from athletes to surgeons , pickpockets have outsized egos .
They have to .
How else could you find the nerve to walk right up to someone big enough to pound you into jelly , stick your hand in his back pocket , and take his wallet ?
That takes confidence that your brains can best any brawn .
“ Most criminals are tense when they ’re about to do something , but pickpockets are smooth , ” says Anderson .
“ They focus on the wallet like it ’s already theirs and they ’re just trying to take it back . ”
Mitchell says there are pickpockets who do n’t bother with women , not because women still tend to earn less than men or have less of a credit history but because going into a purse is n’t a challenge .
One pickpocket was downright offended when Mitchell mentioned that he had watched him set up a woman victim .
“ Man , I ’m a professional , ” the man said .
“ I do n’t hit ladies . ”
Pickpockets will call Mitchell just to let him know that they know he ’s put out a detail , and when an officer on Mitchell ’s detail pulls an amateur move like wearing combat boots while “ undercover , ” that ’s an insult .
Mitchell once appeared on the news to advise men to carry their wallets in their front pockets and promptly received a phone call from a pickpocket who figured he might want to know that they “ had the front pocket down pat . ”
( Mitchell , by the way , carries his wallet either in his coat , keeping the coat buttoned , or in his back pocket , but positioned horizontally , or “ lying in bed . ”
“ You ca n’t steal it like that , ” he says . )
The elder Montgomery says that Mitchell ’s relationships with pickpockets are a testament to the respect they have for his abilities .
“ Pickpockets have a lot of pride in what they do , ” he explains .
“ So if they come across an adversary who is able to detect what they ’re doing , they tend to see you as almost on their level … and they ’ll give you all the trade secrets in conversation .
If [ an officer ] has a pickpocket ’s respect , then [ he ] is really doing a good job . ”
So , all the attention that Mitchell brings to pickpockets is just part of the give and take with his quarry .
“ It ’s a game , ” says Mitchell .
“ Sometimes they win , sometimes I ’ll win , or Jamal or Tracie will win .
But they always win more than us .
They ’ll pick more pockets than we ’ll lock up . ”
“ Hey , it ’s job security , ” he says .
“ It does n’t bother me anymore . ”
On the street , however , pickpockets know that going into the hole is far riskier now than it used to be .
“ When I was out there , Metro was a haven , ” says Mercedes .
“ We teared it up !
But word is out about what [ Mitchell ’s ] doing .
Now , Metro is n’t even a quarter of what it used to be up [ until ] , oh , 1995 . ”
Putting pickpockets in jail , and keeping them there , might be even more difficult than catching them .
Just about everything in someone ’s wallet is replaceable , and by targeting tourists and visitors , pickpockets lessen the odds that the victim will bother to come back to the city for the court date — no victim , no case .
When pickpocket cases actually do reach sentencing , the punishment often gets knocked down to “ fit the crime . ”
Mitchell ’s first collar , the man on the escalator , might have benefited from the shadowy nature of his own craft .
The prosecutor thought they had a strong case , but the grand jury decided not to indict on the pickpocket charge .
They just could n’t believe that Mitchell could have been so close to have seen the pickpocketing take place .
“ With the risk–reward of pickpockets , it ’s a no- brainer , ” says Mitchell .
“ You keep doing it .
If they go away , they say , ‘ I needed a break , anyway . ’
That ’s their way of cycling off drugs .
This crime is the best crime in the world .
I think any criminal who does anything but pick pockets is a stupid criminal .
I ’m amazed more people do n’t do it .
It ’s not hard to pick a pocket . ”
Plus , there are no informants for pickpockets , which has less to do with not wanting to be a snitch than the realities of the court system .
“ To get someone to talk , you have to be able to offer them something , ” says Mitchell .
“ But [ pickpockets ] are more than likely going to beat the charge .
So what can you give them ? ”
One perp was so carefree that she actually broke out in laughter during questioning .
During the debriefing , Mitchell first thought the woman was having a breakdown .
“ You all think you did something , do n’t you ? ” she managed to choke out between laughs .
“ Well , now you are the one who ’s locked up , ” Mitchell replied , a bit miffed .
“ Yeah , you got me for $ 40,000 , ” she said , wiping away tears .
“ On a good day , I can get $ 100,000 . ”
Once the woman had told the prosecutor everything she knew — which was n’t much more than the aliases of her partners — they let her go .
The woman had been part of a multistate crew that targeted elderly women — the pickpockets were from D.C. , the forgers were from New York , and she was brought down from Connecticut to pose as the victims in order to access their bank accounts .
But while at the bank , she got flustered , and when the teller went off to find a manager , she lost her nerve and got herself arrested .
Amid the confusion of the bust , one of her accomplices walked up to the teller , told her that he was a police detective , and said , “ I believe the woman we just arrested left some things here . ”
The teller let him walk off with all the stolen cards and fake identification .
“ Gutsy , ” says Mitchell , shaking his head with what can only be described as admiration .
These days , Mitchell is happy to let his peers grapple with D.C. ’s criminal geniuses .
Instead of prowling the trains , he spends more and more time assembling details and training officers .
He even investigates fraud cases , such as counterfeit Metro cards .
He has n’t personally made a pickpocket arrest since 2004 and has just four more years before he becomes eligible for retirement .
He ’s recently begun work on a memoir of his work with pickpockets .
“ I know I ’ll miss it , ” he says .
“ It ’s just in me .
It ’s in my blood .
“ God forbid I ever fall on hard times , ” says Mitchell with a playful smile .
“ I already have a second career .
” CP
Art accompanying story in the printed newspaper is not available in this archive : Darrow Montgomery .
It is the super - yacht for the carbon - conscious billionaire .
Instead of polluting the Caribbean and Mediterranean with clouds of diesel smoke , oligarchs and sheikhs are being offered the chance to sail zero- carbon , with everything from their on - board plasma televisions and champagne fridges to the main propellor being powered by the sun .
A 24 - year - old British boat designer has drawn up plans for what is thought to be the world 's first carbon - neutral super - yacht , and has received inquiries from wealthy potential clients after unveiling the designs at recent yacht shows in Monaco and Abu Dhabi .
Alistair Callender , from Chichester in West Sussex , is promoting the idea of " eco-luxury " with plans for Soliloquy , an electricity - powered craft covered in photovoltaic film that harnesses the power of the sun .
Fixed sails will double as solar panels to produce enough energy to propel the 58 - metre - long boat at a cruising speed of eight knots , and even the hull will be made of sustainable timber instead of the usual more energy - intensive aluminium .
According to Hein Velema , one of the most prominent yacht brokers based in Monaco , his richest clients are intrigued by the idea of that their next floating mansion could be zero-carbon .
" I was sceptical at first , but I have spoken to a few clients who are willing to spend a serious amount extra to go green , " he said .
" In the current climate we are unlikely to see as many yachts as large as the Eclipse , but people will want to be first in other ways , such as being the first with a green yacht . "
Last June , the world 's largest private yacht , the 163 - metre Eclipse , owned by Roman Abramovich , was launched complete with a military - grade missile defence system and an escape submarine .
Callender said he intends his £ 40 m vessel to appeal to the super - rich who until the global economic crisis competed to own ever larger , and often more polluting , yachts .
The global craze peaked in 2008 when 260 yachts longer than 30 metres were launched .
The royal families of the UAE and Oman have spent hundreds of millions of pounds on yachts that look more like cruise ships and burn thousands of litres of diesel an hour .
A conventional yacht of the same size as Soliloquy powered on the usual marine diesel can burn up to 2,000 litres an hour travelling at 35 knots , according to Yacht Carbon Offset , a company that provides carbon offsetting for clients including Sir Philip Green , the retail magnate .
A two - hour journey at that speed creates 12 tonnes of carbon dioxide .
Such a craft can use a further 1,000 litres a day just to power the air - conditioning and electrical systems .
" These giant gin palaces use a huge amount of fuel and produce so much pollution , I wanted to prove the point that eco-luxury no longer needs to be an oxymoron , " Callender said .
" Even if billionaires do n't want to be green , they can save money .
There are at least 100 families around the world worth £ 200 m or more who have invested in green technologies and businesses or made hefty financial commitments to the environment . "
That list includes the likes of Sir Richard Branson and Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin .
Soliloquy will feature three fixed sails rising up to 17 metres .
They have been designed with solar panels built in by Solar Sailor , which has built solar - powered ferries operating in Sydney and Hong Kong and is currently helping the US navy develop unmanned solar - powered boats .
The sails will be able to power the boat in winds up to 40 knots .
The superstructure of the boat above the waterline will be clad in energy - gathering photovoltaic cells , giving it a sleek , black appearance .
Together with the sails , the solar panels will fuel four cells that will work in conjunction with diesel engines beneath deck when there is not enough solar power .
Callender predicts the engines will only need to be fired on rare occasions , because super - yachts are mostly used in sunny climes .
The interior is likely to feature recycled leather , natural fibre upholstery and wood only from sustainable forests .
Yesterday , one of Oprah 's ex-employees sent us her tale of woe working at her media company , Harpo .
Now a few more readers have come out of the woodwork to share their stories and sightings .
Working Out with Winfrey
Scott says he often spots the showbiz queen jogging near the lake .
Sometimes , I go bicycling along Chicago 's lakefront early in the morning , and I see Oprah while she 's jogging .
She usually has one or two assistants with her who are wearing reflective gear .
Encountering " Jogging Oprah " for the first time is amusing because she looks so unlike her TV self without makeup .
You see this large woman in a pink sweatsuit plodding along — head thrust forward in grim determination like an old bull — and you think : " Waaaaait ...
Could that be Oprah ? "
And then you get closer and you think : " Oh my God !
It is Oprah ! "
And then you think : " That 's too bad ... "
Getting Hired at Harpo
This Gawker reader once interviewed at Harpo .
It did n't go well , clearly :
I had the strangest interview with the Oprah senior staff about 12 years ago .
If it 's possible to have a passive aggressive interview , then this was it .
I got the call to fly to Chicago to meet with the Executive Producer , Dianne Atkinson Hudson .
So the Oprah staff arrange for my travel , putting me on an 11 am flight from NYC to Chicago .
After I land , I take a cab over to the studios , where I wait for about an hour .
They bring me in to meet Diane , who was a very serious person — I mean , an awful , " I 'll - cut - your - throat " kind of serious .
She tells me she wants me to meet someone else , but never specifies who this person is .
This person is a senior producer - type and proceeds to interview me , but at no time does she introduce herself to me or does anyone give me an indication of what this lady 's name is .
As we say our goodbyes back in Diane 's office , and I ask her what her name is , the silence just sliced right through me .
She coldly tells me her name , and as I slither away , I know I am not getting a call back .
Oprah Goes Shopping
In the mid '90s , Susan waited on Oprah in a Chicago department store .
Winfrey was worried her purchases would n't be expensive enough .
So , from 1990 - 95 , I worked as an assistant manager at Marshall Field 's State Street store in downtown Chicago .
Oprah's " home store " was Water Tower Place , so I was quite surprised when O and her entourage ( her hairdresser , and about 3 other hangers - on ) showed up on my floor late on a Thursday afternoon .
A little background : When Oprah first arrived in Chicago , Field 's supplied the wardrobe for her show .
So , she had a lot of loyalty to us , and particularly a saleswoman in the " 28 Shop " ( higher - end / designer women 's department ) .
She was a very tiny , older Asian lady , and as I was briefed by the store manager , she would get any / all commissions on whatever Oprah purchased .
Even though this lady had no idea about our ordering procedures .
So basically , me and my people were going to have to do all the work , and get no credit for it .
This rubbed me the wrong way immediately , but I had to roll with it .
I was told she was looking for a complete tablesetting ( china , crystal , and silver ) for , I think , 40 people .
She came in and swanned around , surrounded by store brass , looking at stuff .
Her underlings , especially the hairdresser , seemed to be having a lot more fun than she did , running around with stuff like kids in a candy store .
I was asked to hover discreetly in case Oprah had any questions about an item , but not to try and engage her .
At one point , I observed that she was holding a $ 1,000.00 St. Louis crystal pitcher , which is very fancy indeed , with lots of 24 K gold applied to it .
As she was chatting with the store muckety - mucks , she was swinging the pitcher casually by the handle , dangerously close to a display table .
I stepped up and said , " Ms. Winfrey ?
Excuse me , but that pitcher is the only one of its kind in stock , and if it should break , the lead time is about nine months .
Would you mind if I put it aside for you ? "
I thought the store manager was going to die , right there .
Anyway , she regarded me for a moment or two , then handed me the pitcher without a word .
Meanwhile , her peeps had put together the following setting for her to look at : - Bernadaud ( high - end French ) china , name of which escapes me , which was white with a multi-colored border of various fruits and a gold rim ;
- A modern stemware pattern by Mikasa ( low - end Japanese ) which consisted of three sizes ( water , wine , champagne flute ) each in a different pastel color ; and
- A very traditional , very ornate silver pattern .
By themselves , there was nothing objectionable about any of it ; but combined , I have to say it looked like ASS .
Nothing matched , style - wise , and each element was competing for attention .
The hairdresser guy ( Andre ? ) was especially enamored of the china , which Oprah called the " Tutti - Frutti " pattern , repeatedly .
My gay male counterpart in the china section , who was also told to stay close to answer questions , took that as a gay slur .
Anyway , she never bought the pitcher , and we were given instructions to write up a drop - ship rush order for 40 or so , with accessories , of the Frankenstein table setting .
Since it was so late , we could n't contact the buying office until the next day , so my fellow sales leader ( Glenn — he was also a great friend , and he died of AIDS complications a few years ago , otherwise he'd love to he telling you this as well ) and I stayed a little late to write everything up .
As we were leaving for the night , I made a bet with him that the order would be cancelled the next morning .
I won .
Oprah and her pals wasted several hours of our time , got one person extremely hyped over a possibly huge commission , and made a bunch of middle - aged men ( the store bosses ) clench their ass - cheeks , all for nothing .
Glenn and I also had a theory that she was trying to drum up gossip that she would be hosting her wedding to Steadman at her Indiana farm soon ( the items were to have been shipped there , and this was during the height of the " Oprah - Steadman engagement " period . )
Then about two weeks later , I was walking through the floor , and I hear a voice call my name .
I turn , and see a really frumpy - looking African - American woman in a velour tracksuit .
Her hair was pulled back and really frizzy and her skin looked like crap .
Very bad acne / acne scars .
Once she started speaking to me , I realized it was Oprah .
Honestly , she is unrecognizable without the spackle / wig .
Anyway , she was very nice , and asked me if I would offer my opinion on a china pattern she was looking at for her house .
It was Villeroy and Boch ( German , middle - range ) " Petite Fleur . "
Very cute , kind of French - country , with a small , scattered floral design .
I said , " What 's not to like ? "
Oprah responded , " Well , it 's not that expensive , and I do n't want people who come to my house to think I 'm cheap . "
I was kind of stunned by that , and said something to the effect of : " I know that you could buy this entire store if you wanted to .
Why on earth would you care what people think ?
If you like the design , it makes you happy , buy it .
If not , do n't . "
I almost offered to charge her more , if it would make her feel better , but I kind of sussed that the lady has NO sense of humor , especially about herself .
Our encounter ended there .
( I think I said I had to pee , or had some pressing tabletop business to attend to , and told her to have a nice day ) .
' In a Whirl , She Was Gone '
In 1993 , Oprah sponsored a benefit for an educational development organization called Facing History and Ourselves .
Winfrey enlisted local schoolchildren to participate in a fundraising event and this tipster — then only 13 - years - old , but still afraid of Winfrey 's reach — was among those picked to tape a TV spot promoting the fundraiser .
Five kids were driven over to Harpo with our teachers and FH & O leaders .
We were excused from school to tape .
We arrived in the studio , which I remember being smaller than I thought , but this was back in 1993 and I was 13 .
We were instructed to wear red and not hug Oprah .
We could only shake her hand if she ventured to us first .
Mind you , this was a bunch of 7th and 8th graders .
So there we were , waiting for O to arrive , while an entire camera crew slouched and sloughed .
She was 45 minutes late .
And let me tell you , when she hit that stage with her people , you would have thought the Queen of England arrived .
I 've never seen so many people jump to their feet and alter their crumbly behaviors into sweet sycophants .
The effect was incredible to my 13 year old mind .
She also has really bad skin , tons of acne scars , and wore tons and tons of makeup .
There were spray colors in her hair so it illuminated on TV correctly .
We taped the spot in two takes .
Afterwards , her team tried to shuffle her out .
But , she said she wanted hug us .
They screeched to a halt .
Yes , I got a hug .
Not to sound weird , but it was warm at first and then very cold and reserved .
She pulled back after you hugged her .
In a whirl , she was gone .
I came away thinking to myself that even with us kids , she was n't as nice as on TV .
Oprah's Golden Jubilee
This ex-Harpo staffer says Oprah made some interesting comments at her birthday bash a number of years ago .
At her 50th birthday party in the back studio with Stevie Wonder she made a speech and I 'll paraphrase the lovely racist remark that caught my ear : " I know I 've made it because I have all these white people working for me ! "
The other thing I 'll say is that Harpo is one of the best and most consistent shows in town and you 're lucky if you can work there , but they ain't union .
One of my bosses worked there for 15 years , was married with two kids and worked an average of 65 hours a week before he was salaried with full benefits .
This was not uncommon and divorce is incredibly common over there .
The Harrowing Tale of Harpo Hell
Finally , the pièce de résistance :
This reader says she was fired for " not having the Harpo spirit , " but not before accumulating some memorable moments from her time in Oprah 's employ .
I worked at Harpo for about 3 / 4 years late ' 90s - early 2000s and I can corroborate the part of this story that alleges that the producers are all wickedly insane bitches .
I vaguely remember Carla but never worked with her directly so I am not entirely sure how true it is that she never worked all of the overtime she was paid for , but it would n't surprise me .
I started as a viewer mail processor , opening incoming mail , sorting the wheat from the chaff , throwing most of it in the shredder , helping myself to the books people sent in for O to read , the afghans people knitted her , a lot of scented candles , and got to eat the hell out of some delicious chocolate - covered strawberries some California company sent in hoping to get on her favorite things show ( Sorry , dudes ) .
After a year , I was laterally promoted to the research department and a year or so after that they retooled the department so each researcher was assigned to a specific production team .
I lobbied hard to be put on the Book Club team , but that position went to a brown - nosing asshat from some southern state who wore her accent like a badge and did n't know what they meant when they asked her to create a list of " classic literature . "
She came to me and asked , " I honestly just do n't understand what they mean by ' classic . '
What makes a book a ' classic ? ' "
I ended up putting the list together for her and , of course , she got the credit .
Long story short ( ish ) I ended up being uncerimoniously fired for " not having the Harpo Spirit . "
Something to do with me not wanting to stick around and work late hours and on the weekends for the production team who seemed to only want me around to order pizzas , get them coffees , and pick up dry cleaning .
As it was the very first time anyone had ever fired me from anything , I was heartbroken .
But as the years have gone on , I realize I am much better off and much saner and probably less addicted to drugs and drinking than I would be if I still worked there .
I was super pissed when she started taking everyone and their families on vacations , though .
All I ever got was one lousy Christmas party and a Tina Turner concert out of her ...
Oh , and all that free stuff ...
Right .
And also , yeah , Oprah is just not right .
I ran into her once on my way to get coffee one early morning and it was just me , her and her dog walker in the stairwell .
I politely said " Good Morning , Ms. Winfrey , I hope you had a good break , " and she could n't be bothered to acknowledge my existence ( which really did n't surprise me as her security goons used to have to clear the hallways any time she was going anywhere because she did n't ever want to come into contact with any of us ) .
Got a better story ?
Please send in your tale or post it in the comments below .
We want everything you 've got !
Related :
Excerpts From the Biography Oprah Does n't Want You to Read , Part 1
Excerpts From the Biography Oprah Does n't Want You to Read , Part 2
Ex -Employee Dishes on Life Inside Oprah's Empire
Oprah Winfrey Does n't Care Who Her Bio-Dad Is
The Coachella Scavenger Hunt
Despite its original intention of being a Woodstock - esque music festival , where people could frolic in the sun while listening to a wide array of music in the vast Indio Valley , Coachella weekend has turned into every other holiday during the year : an excuse to drink ungodly amounts of alcohol , drop acid , and dress like a whore .
Being a certified judgmental asshole , I have collected a list of sights that you will without a doubt witness during the coming weekend , if you were lucky enough to get tickets before they sold out .
I know you ’re thinking , “ I just want to go enjoy the music , ” but hey , if someone can turn Schindler ’s List into a drinking game , then I can turn Coachella into a scavenger hunt .
Good luck .
The peace sign / duck face combo pose
Let it be known , any female who is going to Coachella has been meticulously trying to get down to a frightening , Skeletor - rivaling weight .
However , with the weekend a mere 2 days away , they will have failed at doing so , probably due to their tri-weekly , self - loathing drinking binges .
To compensate for their inability to look like a meth addict , they will pull out the same pose in every photo .
Huge glasses , awkward duck face , peace sign , and Stephen Hawking - level muscular dystrophy slouch .
This is a tradition at Coachella which dates back to the early 2000s , when genuine music appreciation died forever .
Someone who paid over $ 500 for their ticket
If you ’ve been on Craigslist over the past 24 hours , you ’ll note that due to the selling out of the festival , people are offering disgusting amounts of money for tickets , along with tear - filled , my - mom - died - that ’s - why - I - did n’t - get - tickets pleas that are kinda super hilarious .
On a side note , last year I walked in without showing my ticket .
I imagine that if this happens to someone who sold their soul for a ticket , the anger that will erupt will cause some sort of spontaneous combustion .
( Double points if you get blood on your shirt )
A “ celebrity ” , followed by 16 - year - olds taking pictures of them
Celebrity is a term I use loosely .
Usual suspects are the cellulite - ridden Mischa Barton , creepy face Chloe Sevigny , or Nicole Richie , who , incidentally , is the super gross inspiration for all the duck face / peace sign retards .
However , there will be someone snapping shots of them , so it ’s in your best interest to try and photobomb one of these pictures .
Tits , ass , or dick
Triple points if they are all on the same body .
Someone with a compound fracture
Did you know they ’re putting a roller skating rink up at Coachella this year ?
Awesome right ?
I mean , what could go wrong with having a room where thousands of people tripping balls on their drug of choice can try to move in a circle on SHOES with WHEELS on HARD WOOD even though they have n’t attempted this activity since they were SEVEN ?
Anyway , I can guarantee there will be a plethora of broken bones , but it only counts if the bone is poking through the skin , sort of like the gopher in Caddyshack .
Someone having a shitty acid trip
Hint : look for the 18 - year - old whose friends pressured her into it .
She will be crying , and probably gripping handfuls of grass for dear life .
A baby
Just because Coachella is technically an all - ages show , you should have to have actually reached a whole number to come .
These babies will generally be on someone ’s shoulders getting a sunburn and a massive contact high .
Someone throwing up from heat stroke
It ’s the desert .
It ’s hot .
It ’s dry .
There ’s barely any shade .
However , this will not stop the extremely retarded person from declining water in favor of beer .
Somewhere around 5 or 6 pm , you ’ll notice that guy standing over a trashcan ( or not ) , vomiting like he ’s training for the Red Berets , when really he ’s just been smoking a shit ton of pot and eating Philly cheese steaks all day .
The first - annual Coachella scavenger hunt winner must provide photos of each of these phenomena , and will win a poke from yours truly .
ON FACEBOOK YOU DICKHEAD .
If you ’d like follow Nicole , you can add her on Facebook or check out the booty call blog she writes for .
Workers in the private sector are due to join them on Wednesday for a nationwide general strike that is expected to shut down all services across the country , grounding flights and halting public transport .
Shop owners have said they will also walk off the job and close their businesses for the day .
Auf dieser PokéWiki - Spezialseite kannst du zusätzliche Extras für deine Pokémon - Spiele freischalten .
Keines dieser Extras wurde je offiziell außerhalb Japans verteilt und auch dort ist die Verteilung inzwischen beendet .
Aus diesem Grund bieten wir an dieser Stelle unseren Geheimcode - Generator an .
Um deinen persönlichen Geheimcode und eine Freischalt - Anleitung für dein Spiel zu erhalten , fülle einfach folgende Felder aus und klicke auf „ Berechnen “ .
Arab generosity not keeping up with Arab prosperity
What are oil - rich Arab states doing with their money ?
A new database called AidData allows for new insights into the aid activities of such “ non-traditional ” international donors .
A recent conference at Oxford featuring papers using AidData has drawn attention in the blogosphere to trends in aid from Arab states .
Among the largest non-traditional contributors tracked in the AidData dataset are Arab countries : Kuwait , Saudi Arabia , and the United Arab Emirates .
The database provides an interesting glimpse into the flow of money from these oil - rich states and while the numbers do n’t capture full picture , they suggest that the national aid organizations of key Arab donors ( particularly Kuwait and Saudi Arabia ) have become less “ generous ” during the past decade by not increasing their giving in line with their rapidly growing wealth .
Wealthy Arab states began to provide substantial foreign aid after the 1973 oil embargo and resulting soaring prices generated windfall profits for these countries .
AidData offers one of the first detailed looks at how that aid has been disbursed .
There is much about Arab aid that we still do not know , though .
While the three main bilateral Arab donors report the aid they give through their national aid organizations , they also make unreported transfers .
Saudi Arabia gives a particularly large amount of its aid in such an undisclosed manner .
Since the figures from AidData come from national aid organizations , any aid given by Arab leaders directly ( for instance , during times of crisis like the earthquakes in Haiti and Pakistan ) which are n’t included in these organizations ’ reports wo n’t be reported .
Some countries ( like Kuwait ) are more reliable and consistent at reporting their bilateral aid than others .
We are encouraged by the UAE ’s establishment of a Foreign Aid Coordination Office in 2009 , tasked with collecting data on Emirati governmental and non-governmental aid , which should improve UAE ’s reporting in the future .
So what does it mean to say that these Arab donors have become less “ generous ” ?
Following convention , generosity measures a country ’s aid as a percentage of its gross national income ( GNI ) .
In 1970 , the United Nations called on all states to give a minimum of 0.7 percent of their GNI as official development assistance , and Arab donors generally have compared favorably with the established donors which are members of the OECD ’s Development Assistance Committee in terms of their aid generosity .
We find that the decline in the generosity of bilateral Arab aid since 2000 is due not to a decline in aid levels ( which have remained relatively flat ) but to soaring GNI as Arab countries have harvested tremendous profits from oil sales .
Simply put , generosity seems to have fallen because Arab donors have n’t increased their aid commensurate with their ascending national wealth .
This makes the recent period different from the 1980s , when aid from Arab countries declined along with state revenue , diminished by lower oil prices .
The data from Kuwait ( for which records are the most complete ) graphically demonstrates this trend :
There is another , intriguing trend .
Arab recipients , who receive a majority of the aid contributed by Arab donors , have experienced a surge in contributions from non-Arab donors since the start of the 2003 Iraq war .
During the five - year period from 1998 - 2002 , aid to members of the Arab League from non-Arab donors totaled just over $ 41 billion with an average yearly total of $ 8.2 billion .
In the next five - year period from 2003 - 2007 , aid to members of the Arab League from non-Arab donors increased to $ 99.3 billion , with an average yearly total of almost $ 20 billion .
As these numbers show , aid from non-Arab donors to Arab states more than doubled after 2003 .
Meanwhile , Arab aid to Arab recipients totaled $ 11.3 billion from 1998 - 2002 , and $ 10 billion from 2003 - 2007 .
However , the aid was responsible for 22 percent of aid to Arab recipients during the first period , and 9 percent of aid to Arab recipients in the second — despite rising GNI .
Why has the relative generosity of aid from key Arab donors declined ?
One answer may be that Arab donors are choosing to give more of their aid through multilateral channels .
Indeed , we do find that aid commitments by four multilateral aid organizations that receive most of their aid from Arab donors — the Arab Fund for Economic and Social Development , the Islamic Development Bank , the OPEC Fund for International Development , and the Arab Bank for Economic Development in Africa — have grown steadily since the late 1980s .
The choice by Arab donors to give more of their aid through multilateral organizations is an interesting one , given both declining norms of Arab solidarity at the political level and our own finding that Arab bilateral and multilateral donors display similar preferences for allocating aid to infrastructure projects in the transportation , energy , and water sectors .
Regardless , while aid commitments by Arab multilaterals have increased , they have n’t gone up enough to compensate for the shortfall in bilateral Arab generosity .
So what have Arab donors done with their increased national wealth , if they have n’t been allocating it to foreign aid ?
In part , they have spent these funds at home , substantially increasing government expenditures on domestic matters .
In Kuwait , for instance , domestic expenditures have grown more rapidly — and began their increase earlier — than GNI .
From 2001 to 2007 , Kuwaiti government expenditures roughly doubled , and since 1975 , these expenditures have grown by about twelve - fold .
Possibly concerned with the fate of their regimes during periods of growing opposition , leaders in the oil - rich Gulf countries may have calculated that it is wisest to distribute national wealth at home in order to increase their odds of political survival .
To those concerned with democracy promotion , the fact that Arab generosity has n’t kept up with Arab prosperity may not be an altogether bad thing .
Sarah Bermeo finds support for the proposition that aid from oil - rich donors is less likely to foster democratization in recipient countries than is aid from donors whose wealth does not result primarily from oil .
Bermeo argues that donor intent affects whether foreign aid is likely to produce political reform .
During the Cold War , the United States and its allies tolerated friendly authoritarian regimes more than they have in the post - Cold War era .
As a result , the passing of the Cold War has shepherded an age in which aid is more likely to promote democratization .
But Bermeo hypothesizes that oil - rich states are less interested in fostering regime change , and she finds that “ oil aid ” actually decreases a recipient ’s likelihood of transitioning to democracy , while aid from other sources increases that prospect .
Much remains to be learned about Arab foreign aid .
The addition of data from other significant Arab donors , such as Qatar and Libya , would help in the effort .
Recent work using AidData takes initial steps toward broadening our understanding of global aid flows by highlighting the contributions of non-traditional donors who have been overlooked for too long .
Debra Shushan is an Assistant Professor of government at the College of William and Mary .
Christopher Marcoux is a Mellon Postdoctoral Research Associate at the Institute for the Theory and Practice of International Relations at the College of William and Mary .
While Google called a cyber - attack against its network last January a highly sophisticated and targeted attack , security experts said the techniques show the attackers to be nothing more than amateurs .
According to a report that cybersecurity firm Damballa released Tuesday , the China - based Aurora hackers who targeted Google were more varied in their tactics and less advanced than early reports indicate .
The report could be a blow to Google 's efforts to classify the attack as state - sponsored , giving it considerably less leverage as it attempts to negotiate with China about its continued operations in the country .
Damballa links the attacks to a group of botnets -- collections of computers compromised with hidden software -- that used software it said were over 5 years old , and deploying techniques it described as old school .
The threat originally disclosed by Google ... has frequently been associated with state - endorsed attacks and many vendors have explained the operation using a military vernacular , said commented Gunter Ollmann , vice president of research for Damballa .
Based on a thorough analysis of deeper data surrounding the attacks and examination of both malware and CnC topologies used by the criminals behind the attacks , it appears that Aurora can be best classified as just another increasingly common botnet attack and one that is more amateur than average .
On January 12 , Google said the hackers had compromised their networks and tried to access the Gmail email accounts of Chinese human rights activists .
It has since threatened to stop censoring its search results in China , and even pulling its operations out of the country .
Google 's threats imply the hacking was state - sponsored , but Damballa believes the methods were too crude to be employed by a state actor .
This botnet has a simple command topology and makes extensive use of Dynamic DNS ( DDNS ) [ command and control ] techniques , the report reads .
The construction of the botnet would be classed as ' old - school ' , and is rarely used by professional botnet criminal operators any more .
Reliance upon DDNS CnC is typically associated with new
and amateur botnet operators .
Citing company policy , Google would not comment on the on - going investigation .
FUCK YES !!!
Our favourite busty British babe has finally done a hardcore video !
That ’s right …
These are Dors Feline ’s cum covered tits !!!
In a recent set on her official site , she gives her boyfriend a fantastic handjob and then he shoots his hot cum all over her massive 34 K punk rock tits !
He drenches her natural bouncy tits in man goo !
I just love the thick white cum on her skin , contrasting with all the bright colours in her ink and hair .
This curvy tattooed goddess looks fantastic covered in jizz and I can’t wait to see more !
Dors Feline needs to do more hardcore !
Check out the full gallery here !
Republican Party recruitment poster ?
Listed on the report in the category of " office supplies " are purchases from a New England winery and a Capitol Hill liquor store , as well as more than $ 3,800 from a Florida clothing store .
The category of " meals " also seems to extend to the sartorial , with a $ 450 purchase from a high - end Manhattan boutique -- one that has no restaurant or take - out shop on the premises -- falling into that category , as listed on the RNC 's reports to the FEC .
That purchase , as well as one for more than $ 500 from the Florida clothing store , are attributed to RNC Deputy Finance Director Debbie LeHardy , who , according to the report , was reimbursed for them .
LeHardy also received reimbursement for more than $ 2,800 in " tips " between December 2009 and February 2010 , according to the reports ...
[ T ]he RNC made purchases totaling $ 3817 at Fugate's .
On its report , the RNC labels the purchase as " office supplies , " but Fugate 's general manager Nancy Blank says her store does n't sell office supplies .
Fugate 's sells men's and women 's clothing and accessories , Blank told AlterNet .
" We 're a specialty department store , " she said ...
In December , RNC reimbursed LeHardy for $ 453 worth of " meals " from Henri Bendel , a posh boutique on New York 's Fifth Avenue .
Bendel 's is an upscale source for costume jewelry , handbags and make - up .
The store bills itself as a " Girls ' Playground for trendsetting young women from around the world . "
" [ W ]e do not have a restaurant in the store so I do n't know how she would have spent $ 450 on meals , " spokesperson Jodi Mellman wrote in an e-mail .
... Even before news broke this week that the Republican National Committee spent nearly $ 2,000 at a bondage - themed Hollywood strip bar , RNC Chairman Michael Steele had been sharply criticized for extravagant spending .
AlterNet 's review of RNC campaign finance records suggests a pattern of reporting irregularities within an institutional culture of over - the - top extravagance .
suggesting insisting that we would one day break our chains of poverty .
It 's the first time I realized he 's mentally ill -- or the system he was part of is pathological .
I 'll always remember one of my artists , a household name worth easily tens of millions of dollars , fretting about having to end his life residing in a cardboard box .
He never tipped anyone .
Another friend just last week was worried that he would never have the resources he needs to retire , although he was just in the process of cashing in nearly $ 10 million in stock options , a significant part of his financial net worth ( though certainly nowhere near all of it ) .
As out - of - touch as this must sound , I wrote an answer to a comment on my Facebook page yesterday that illustrates exactly what I 'm trying to get at -- basically how fucked up the corporate environment is that the GOP emulates .
Rather than quote it word for word , let me make it a bit more precise .
When I first got that corporate job at Warner Bros. , my first boss , whose salary and perks were way over a million dollars annually , showed me -- proudly -- how he would go to tailors in Italy and charge hundreds of dollars in suits as meals .
It 's actually a significant part of the reason he used to trek religiously to Midem ( a music convention in Cannes ) every year .
When I told him that the practice was disgusting and that I would never do it and that he had to stop immediately , we had a huge fight , which resulted in me getting to go over all his expenses before they could be turned in to corporate headquarters .
He had so many tricks to steal money from the company that was already lavishing immense wealth on him -- and I do not mean to imply that he did n't represent real value for Warner Bros . ; he did -- that it was breathtaking .
When I would scold him , he claimed " everyone " did it .
When I was hired at Warner Bros .
it was as a vice president ( after CBS , now SONY , bought our label ) , I was shocked by my salary , more than my father had ever made , and I was shocked by my expense account allotment , more than I had ever spent in a single year in my entire life .
I was also shocked , and horrified , by a feeling of greed and entitlement inside the corporate culture , more at the corporate headquarters in New York than at Warner Bros .
Records in Los Angeles , where I worked most of the time .
But I 'll never forget a friend of mine in the company , making nearly double the extravagant salary I was at the time , insisting that we would one day break our chains of poverty .
It 's the first time I realized he 's mentally ill -- or the system he was part of is pathological .
I 'll always remember one of my artists , a household name worth easily tens of millions of dollars , fretting about having to end his life residing in a cardboard box .
He never tipped anyone .
Another friend just last week was worried that he would never have the resources he needs to retire , although he was just in the process of cashing in nearly $ 10 million in stock options , a significant part of his financial net worth ( though certainly nowhere near all of it ) .
As out - of - touch as this must sound , I wrote an answer to a comment on my Facebook page yesterday that illustrates exactly what I 'm trying to get at -- basically how fucked up the corporate environment is that the GOP emulates .
Rather than quote it word for word , let me make it a bit more precise .
When I first got that corporate job at Warner Bros. , my first boss , whose salary and perks were way over a million dollars annually , showed me -- proudly -- how he would go to tailors in Italy and charge hundreds of dollars in suits as meals .
It 's actually a significant part of thehe used to trek religiously to Midem ( a music convention in Cannes ) every year .
When I told him that the practice was disgusting and that I would never do it and that he had to stop immediately , we had a huge fight , which resulted in me getting to go over all his expenses before they could be turned in to corporate headquarters .
He had so many tricks to steal money from the company that was already lavishing immense wealth on him -- and I do not mean to imply that he did n't represent real value for Warner Bros . ; he did -- that it was breathtaking .
When I would scold him , he claimed " everyone " did it .
But that was never true .
For one thing , people who made less than $ 100,000 a year did n't have that kind of leeway .
So we 're only talking about people who are by any reasonable standard already gigantically wealthy .
For another thing , I feel confident in saying that most of the senior executives there felt enough gratitude and responsibility that they had no desire to cheat the company whatsoever .
This guy , my old first boss , is worth at least $ 50 million ... but still cheating on his expenses .
I always said that he was only a Democrat -- and a very conservative one , by the way -- because his father was a corrupt machine pol in the Bronx who got a judicial appointment , and he felt that being a Democrat was something you inherited from your family , like being Jewish or being , well , self - serving -- as well as , odd as it seems , genuinely charitable .
In California we have fatally flawed candidates for governor and senator , Meg Whitman and Carly Fiorina , who are spending immense sums from the corporate loot they pocketed to persuade voters that their experience running eBay and Hewlett Packard qualify them to run California .
I think there 's a better case to be made that their experiences disqualify them .
Fiorina failed so dismally that she was fired after destroying nearly half the company 's value .
Whitman took a much - loved and admired company and made it into an object of widespread public hatred .
all Republicans share that sense of entitlement .
They really do believe that God shows
His love for the rich by making them rich , and that therefore they should also rule .
It 's the way the wealthy and powerful responded to Jesus ' remark comparing the chance of a rich person not spending eternity roasting in Hell to the ability of a camel getting through the eye of a needle .
A CEO is , in effect , a dictator ; a successful politician had better be a consensus builder .
The Republican model has always failed in politics .
It causes depressions and recessions and a redistribution of wealth away from 90 % of the population into the hands of the wealthiest and most connected ( and avaricious ) families .
There is nothing worse in politics than people with a sense of entitlement .
And there are plenty of Democrats with that sense -- as well as plenty with a sense of service .
ButRepublicans share that sense of entitlement .
They really do believe that God shows
His love for the rich by making them rich , and that therefore they should also .
It 's the way the wealthy and powerful responded to Jesus ' remark comparing the chance of a rich person not spending eternity roasting in Hell to the ability of a camel getting through the eye of a needle .
The political party that would like the nation to be run like a corporation has the ethics of one .
No , I 'm not about to launch into another sordid story of the C Street corruption scandal .
This is another sordid story of Michael Steele and the RNC .
If I was n't so painfully aware of how incapable of anything like this Rahm Emanuel actually is , I 'd be easily persuaded Steele is a Democratic mole , a plant inside the GOP hierarchy whose only motivation is to wreck the party from within .
Yesterday 's most amusing news came from Lindsay Beyerstein at Alternet , Trendy Fashion Buys Reimbursed as " Office Supplies " to RNC Finance Officials .
It struck uncomfortably close to home .
I 'll explain after a sample of Beyerstein , who has been dissecting the RNC 's public FEC filing .
And that 's the point : " an institutional culture of over - the - top extravagance . "
That 's corporate America to a tee .
How do I know ?
I was at the top of one corner of it , president of a division of AOLTimeWarner , running Reprise Records .
But I did n't start in the record business as the president of Reprise -- or even at AOLTimeWarner .
I started a small indie punk label , 415 Records , with my friend and fellow music enthusiast Chris Knab .
Neither of us expected to make a dime when we released our first record , " Decadent Jew " b/w " Suicide Child " by The Nuns .
And we did n't .
We really never made anything for years and eventually managed to scrape out a meager living .
I think my top salary as president of the company was $ 10,000 a year .
No expense account .
I did n't even have a credit card at the time .
Labels : corporate governance , Michael Steele , Rachel Maddow , RNC
Look , I know movies and TV shows are pretend , but the level of green - screening here is mind - boggling .
Ugly Betty does n’t even use real bus stops ?!
Congratulations , demo reel from visual effects company Stargate Studios , now I do n’t have anything to believe in .
Monday , April 12th and Thursday , April 15th , Attack of the Show on G4 will be revealing Mattel ’s San Diego Comic Con exclusives and displays , which will no doubt mean a look at some of the upcoming Ghostbusters Classic figs .
Mattel has confirmed the segments and air - dates , but only hints at a DCU and Avatar figure .
The complete list , with additional reveals , will be on the Matty Collector website on Friday the 16th .
G4 video often ends up on their website after , so worse comes to worse , we ’ll see about embedding it here .
Okay , everyone , we just got official confirmation that our SDCC product reveals are going to air on Attack of the Show on the G4 network April 12th and April 15th !
Why two nights ?
Because the stuff we ’re revealing is so good , it could n’t be done in a single show !
Attack of the Show will sneak peek four products each night .
We ’ll finally put to rest some of the rumors about what we ’ll have at SDCC and there are exclusives from some of our most popular collector lines .
No , we ’re not telling you anything beforehand — you ’ll just have to tune in to find out what they all are !
You can check your local listings for channels / times , but there ’s one thing to keep in mind .
Although we ’ve been given these dates , it ’s not a guarantee our segments will be aired .
If another big story comes along , Attack of the Show has every right to bump us ( which they ’ve done in the past ) , just like any news show .
It ’s not likely , but if this does happen , we ’ll let you know the minute we hear .
But that ’s not the big news – the big news is that an Attack of the Show promo for the upcoming shows , well , shows a Real Ghostbusters style figure .
There ’s a screengrab floating around and no doubt online video will follow shortly .
The figures are not a complete surprise , as they said they were working on such a line at last year ’s SDCC .
But it ’s still awesome .
Labeled as part of a “ Retro Action ” line of toys , it ’s possible the figures will not comprise an entire line , but only a handful of figures in a larger line .
And yes , the jumpsuit is from the movie – being SDCC , it may be an exclusivity twist by Mattel .
I would not call it an oversight , given their previous attention to detail ( normal human detail I mean , not pantlegs tucked in detail ) , rather it is likely calculated .
As well , the figure talks !
Also note the other three busters are shown on the package , which means we ’ll at least get all four ( and Winston will not be overlooked ! )
A reader writes :
After seeing the shock on my face when my dad ( now gone over 10 years ) told me of the abuse he suffered by a priest while in a Hartford Catholic school during the early 30's , he said " I think it happened to most of the boys .
It was like a rite of passage . "
He was trying to diminish the impact of the crime for me by normalizing it .
He went from being a young man headed for the priesthood , to a troubled alcoholic .
Thankfully he overcame his demons , but not without a lot of work .
The man behind Mega Man is very busy these days .
Not because of his 1987 creation and the more than 50 games it spawned since .
No , Keiji Inafune 's work is sadly free of the blue humonoid robot and his endless battles .
Nowadays Inafune spends most of his time traveling the world keeping an eye on Capcom 's other creations .
Advertisement
As the game maker 's new head of global production , Inafune says he has only one goal :
To make sure that all of Capcom 's games have that , to borrow a French phrase , je ne sais quoi .
" It 's a common comment I hear that games created in Europe are n't really Capcom games , that games created in Japan are true Capcom games , " Inafune recently told a gathering of journalists at their annual Captivate event in Hawaii .
" I want to put an end to that , basically saying that whether games are created in America or Japan or anywhere in the world , I will be the one overlooking it and so it will have that Capcom flavor that fans know and love . "
Advertisement
The news comes after a mixed year for Capcom .
The past 12 months or so saw the publisher help to reinvigorate the fighting genre with the release of Street Fighter IV to consoles and the continued success of their Resident Evil franchise , but it also saw a few flops including Bionic Commando and January 2010 's Dark Void .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Capcom 's biggest disappointments of the past 12 months have to be Bionic Commando , which received middling reviews , and Dark Void which was perceived , at best , as forgettable .
Both were products of a new initiative by the Japanese developer to try and blend the aesthetics , artistry and mechanics of Western and Japanese game design .
That initiative was announced at the 2009 Captivate event in Monte Carlo .
At the time Inafune said that Capcom knew it needed to figure out how to climb out of what he called a pit that had Capcom at the bottom of the industry .
The key , he realized , was to focus on globalization .
The first result of that effort was the widely acclaimed Dead Rising , a game that other developers , he noted , said looked Western but felt Japanese .
Advertisement
Capcom Goes West
There was a time when the heart of video game design was inarguably in Japan .
But increasingly game Read more
So last year they decided to push things further west , perhaps a bit too far west .
Advertisement
Now , Inafune says the company is working to perfect this idea of collaboration not only between studios , but cultures .
Dead Rising 2 , for instance , is being created by Canadian studio Blue Castle Games , but Inafune is making sure that the game will still have that Capcom feel .
Advertisement
" One of the biggest things we do is have more staff visits , " he said .
" We have a deeper collaboration through the sheer amount of communication , a lot more meetings , a lot more emails .
" Rather than have the development team do what they want to do by themselves , Capcom is trying to inject the Capcom flavor into it . "
Advertisement
And , judging by what I saw earlier this month , it seems to be working .
Dead Rising 2 feels like a game that has found the sweet spot between Western and Japanese game development .
Advertisement
While Inafune may have been overstating things last year when he said that Japanese game development has one foot in the grave , he 's right to be worrying over his own company 's health in an increasingly global gaming market .
Advertisement
The key , though , will be for Capcom and other Japanese developers to find a way to make games that appeal to a broad spectrum of gamers without losing a sense of where they came from and who they are .
And that means being willing to make some bad games and learn from those mistakes .
The coming year should show whether Capcom is able to put into practice the lessons that Dark Void and Bionic Commando seems to have taught them and produce a game that is the best of two worlds .
Advertisement
Well Played is a weekly news and opinion column about the big stories of the week in the gaming industry and its bigger impact on things to come .
Feel free to join in the discussion .
So after a very bad 1 of 4 midweek set of picks , I did much better on the Saturday matches ( but I was shocked by the margins in some of the matches ) :
My Picks Actual Results KC Wizards 2 - DC United 1 DC United 2 - KC Wizards 1 Chivas USA 2 - New England 2 Chivas USA 4 - New England 0 Houston 2 - FC Dallas 1 FC Dallas 1 - Houston 0 LA Galaxy 3 - Colorado 2 LA Galaxy 1 - Colorado 0 Saturday Matches LA Galaxy 2 - Seattle Sounders 1 LA Galaxy 4 - Seattle 0 Chicago Fire 1 - Toronto FC 1 Toronto 4 - Chicago 1 Columbus 2 - New England 1 Columbus 3 - New England 2 FC Dallas 1 - DC United 0 FC Dallas 1 - DC United 0 * San Jose 2 - New York 1 San Jose 4 - New York 0 Chivas USA 3 - Houston 2 Houston 2 - Chivas USA 0 Real Salt Lake 4 - Philadelphia 1 Real Salt Lake 3 - Philadelphia
0
So I got 5 of 7 right and nailed the score on the FC Dallas match .
I do n't think anyone saw the margin of victory in the Galaxy , Toronto , or San Jose matches but they sure did cause some havoc and improve their goal differentials .
LA now sits as the top scoring team ( 15 goals for - despite no goals from Buddle this week ) and the best defense with just 2 goals allowed .
My Power Rankings
16 . DC United (-)
It might have been easy to move United up after their first win of the season but they went down to Dallas and lost to the other team that had won their first match on Wednesday .
While they have stopped leaking goals , but you have to wonder if the win was more a bad show by KC ?
It will take more than one win to move DC out of the cellar .
15 . Philadelphia Union (-)
I stick by my original prediction that the Union would end up much more like a typical MLS expansion team than the success of last year 's Sounders squad .
I do give Union head coach Peter Nowak a lot of credit , he does n't have his team trying to bunker and go for ties , they come out to play every match and I have a feeling they will find more wins before too long .
The rest of the power rankings after the jump :
14 . New England ( - 1 )
The shame is that the Rev's could have gone up the rankings if they had found a way to play with 11 men against Chivas , or if they had been able to close out the match against Columbus .
Injuries and the missing Sharlie Joseph , have the team lacking direction and teams they face are taking advantage of it .
Next up they have to face the red hot Earthquakes .
13 . Chivas USA ( - 1 )
It is easy to win matches when you have two man advantage , but failure to get a win at home when it matters against a conference foe is enough to keep Chivas at the bottom of the rankings .
They are a solid team , and I expect that they will do much better as the season goes along , but they have to head to Ohio to face Columbus who have found a way to keep on winning .
12 . Seattle Sounders ( - 3 )
There is far too much talent on this team for them to be ranked this low but the reality is they are having issues finding the back of the net and once steady Kasey Keller and Sounder defense are looking more like Swiss cheese , in fact no team in the West have allowed more goals than the Sounders .
Now they have to head to New York and face the Red Bulls , a team that beat them at Qwest field earlier this year .
11 . FC Dallas ( +3 )
Two big wins for Dallas have them moving up the rankings , the win against Houston was impressive as they played a solid game plan .
When DC United came to Dallas , they did n't play very well but they were able to get the win and hold onto it , but a win over DC is n't very impressive .
There is talent on this team but there are still some things missing , if they can get a win in Philly next weekend it will go a long way towards helping them crack the top 10 .
10 . Kansas City Wizards ( - 3 )
The Wizards found a way to score for the first time in 4 matches , but still ended up on the losing end to DC United .
With just one goal in their last 4 matches , they will need some help as the face the Fire who are coming off their worst lost of the year .
9. Chicago Fire ( - 4 )
Wow to get beat by Toronto at BMO field is nothing to get down about , but to play as badly as the Fire did and get beat that badly is enough to drop them almost out of the top 10 , next up will be KC at Toyotoa Park .
Their 2 - 3 - 2 record does n't seem that bad but for a team that was picked to be at the top of the East by most experts , their adjustment to a new coach seems to be more rocky than some expected .
8. Toronto FC ( +3 )
In MLS a lot comes down to how well you can do at home and for Toronto FC a 4 - 1 over the Chicago Fire is impressive .
The question will be can they figure out a way to get some points on the road , there will be no tougher task for them going to LA to face the unbeaten Galaxy .
If they can get a result it would be very impressive .
7. Colorado ( - 1 )
A tough midweek loss to LA has dropped the Rapids a spot , but they could have fallen further as their effort against LA was n't very impressive .
I have a feeling this team is still trying to get used to the new faces that make up a large part of their lineup .
They will have a chance to pick up a 3rd road win of the early season as they head to DC to face a United team that is still the worst in MLS .
6. Real Salt Lake ( +4 )
While several early season results did n't go their way , RSL have shown why at home they are the toughest team in MLS , a 3 - 0 win over a very game Philadelphia Union team on top of last weeks win over Toronto FC .
While the first half was less than impressive , the second half was solid .
For RSL this weeks match against Houston will be a huge test that could propel them into the top 5 of the power rankings .
5. San Jose Earthquakes ( +3 )
Since their opening day loss , the Quakes are 4 - 1 and their convincing win over New York will now have everyone paying attention to the Quake's .
Striker Ryan Johnson got his first goal of the year , and Wondolowski got his 4th in 4 matches and everything seems to be clicking for San Jose .
4. New York ( - 2 )
You simply never know what is going to happen with the Red Bulls , they look to be one of the best teams in MLS and then they give up 4 goals to San Jose .
This is the second loss in California for New York and they have to be thankful that they only have one more match in the state that is anything but golden for them .
They have to be happy they are heading home for their next match against the struggling Sounders .
3. Houston ( +1 )
It is hard to move Houston up after they dropped a match at home , but they were the better team against FC Dallas and it took an incredible short handed goal to beat them , but then Houston headed to the Home Depot Center and took care of Chivas USA and while losing at home is tough we all know that wins on the road over conference foes is one of the hardest things to do in MLS .
The question is can Houston do it twice as they head to Salt Lake City for a Thursday showdown .
2. Columbus Crew ( +1 )
Well if anything is true in the early portion of the MLS season , it is that the Crew are the luckiest team in the league .
Mystery PK's , goals taken off scoreboards , and now a solid last minute goal , all have helped the Crew remain the second unbeaten team in MLS at 3 - 0 - 2 .
Next up for the Crew will be Chivas who has done well facing Eastern Conference teams on the road .
1. Los Angeles Galaxy (-)
When you are the number one team in the power rankings , how do you stay at the top ?
Go on the road for two matches against conference foes and beat them both .
First was a midweek win over Colorado 1 - 0 in a match that LA dominated , and then was the thrashing of Seattle 4 - 0 .
You have to imagine that returning to Qwest field was enough to fire up the Galaxy who lost MLS Cup the last time they were there .
Next up for the Galaxy is Toronto FC coming to the HDC , and LA should be able to keep their place at the top for another week .
The One Skill that Matters : Teaching entrepreneurs how to think .
​
This publication explains our Methodology , the evidence behind our approach and how Socratic Method can teach anyone to design and execute new business models .
God of War fans –
I ’m pleased to share some exciting news involving our favorite Spartan warrior .
Fresh off his incredible run in God of War III , Kratos will be coming back to PSP and PSPgo in God of War : Ghost of Sparta !
The last time we saw Kratos on the portable platform was in God of War : Chains of Olympus , a game that coupled stunning visuals with stellar gameplay and is still the highest rated PSP title of all - time on Metacritic.com .
So what can you expect this time ?
First of all , it ’s developed by Ready At Dawn Studios , in close collaboration with SCEA ’s Santa Monica Studio , so we have the same talented team that brought you Chains of Olympus — they know the franchise and know what it takes to create an amazing game .
I can also tell you from
first - hand experience that we are pushing the limits of what PSP can do with state - of - the - art visual technologies , higher resolution environments , and greater depths of scale .
We ’re also providing over 25 % more gameplay , an improved weapon system , and new magical powers — all enjoyed anytime , anywhere .
Here are a few screens to give you a taste of the action …
As for the storyline , this new adventure will serve as a prequel of sorts , picking up where God of War left off .
Ghost of Sparta tells the story of Kratos ’ ascension to power as the God of War .
In his quest to rid the nightmares that haunt him , Kratos must face his dark past to prove his worthiness to the Gods — a journey that will reveal the origins of lost worlds and finally answer long - awaited questions about Kratos ’ tattoo , scar , and family .
Well , that ’s all I can tell you right now , but we ’ll have plenty more to share as we move closer to E3 and our release later this year , so stay tuned for more God of War : Ghost of Sparta news and be sure to keep an eye on SpartansStandTall.com and http://forums.godofwar.com for updates .
Bicara soal makanan penambah energi , mungkin pikiran kita langsung tertuju pada atlet , dewasa , atau pekerja kantoran yang kerap bekerja lembur .
Faktanya , makanan penambah energi bukan satu - satunya monopoli Anda .
Padahal , anak - anak juga bisa mengonsumsi makanan tersebut .
“ Jangan berhenti , jangan lari dari sini ke sana ” , mungkin inilah ungkapan yang banyak digunakan ibu ketika anak tidak bisa diam .
Nyatanya , para ibu seharusnya sangat senang melihat anaknya bergerak secara aktif .
Alasannya sederhana : menjadi aktif lebih baik daripada diam .
Anda tidak percaya ?
Coba baca penjelasan singkatnya di buku Spark : The Revolutionary New Science of Exercise and Brain , yang ditulis oleh Dr. John Ratey , seorang spesialis klinis dan psikiatri di Harvard Medical School .
Keluarga
Menurut pakar tersebut , aktivitas fisik yang dilakukan anak - anak , seperti melompat dan berlari , dapat membantu melepaskan protein yang disebut Neurotrophic Factor Berasal dari Otak .
Nah , protein ini bisa membantu menjaga sel otak sekaligus meningkatkan kecepatan sinyal sel otak dan kesehatan neuron .
Hasilnya , anak akan lebih mudah berkonsentrasi , memproses informasi dengan cepat , dan memiliki kemampuan memori yang lebih baik .
Keluarga Bahagia
Pertanyaannya adalah : makanan energi apa yang baik untuk dikonsumsi anak - anak ?
Gandum
Oat bisa menjadi salah satu sumber energi terbaik untuk dipilih .
Makanan penambah energi ini cocok untuk anak - anak yang masih dalam masa pertumbuhan .
Serat dan karbohidrat gandum menyediakan sumber energi yang konstan dan tahan lama .
Selain itu , kandungan kalsium , protein , zat besi , asam folat , zinc dan magnesium pada oat mampu memenuhi kebutuhan nutrisi dan menjaga kesehatan tubuh .
Menariknya , oatmeal bisa diolah menjadi lauk atau lauk utama .
Kehidupan keluarga harmonis
pisang
Ternyata banyak anak yang kekurangan kalium .
Mau tahu dampaknya ?
Kekurangan kalium dalam tubuh dapat menimbulkan berbagai masalah , pada umumnya tubuh terasa lelah dan timbul masalah memori .
Nutrisi penting yang terkandung dalam pisang ini dapat membantu tubuh mengatur sistem saraf dan otot tubuh .
susu
Susu sejauh ini merupakan cara termudah untuk meningkatkan energi anak agar tetap aktif .
Selain itu , selama masa pertumbuhan , anak harus mendapat makanan yang seimbang .
Nah , susu sendiri bisa melengkapi kebutuhan asupan tersebut .
Read More : 5 Pilihan Cemilan Sehat Dan Baik untuk Bekalnya Si Anak
Susu mengandung karbohidrat sebagai sumber energi yang diperlukan anak dalam menjalankan aktivitasnya .
Nah , dari sekian banyak produk susu yang beredar di pasaran , susu Nestlé – Nutren Junior merupakan susu yang bisa dipilih bunda .
Nutren Junior kaya akan protein dan beberapa jenis vitamin yang dapat memberikan energi tambahan , serta melengkapi kebutuhan gizi anak .
Ibu dan anak
Kacang dan biji-bijian
Anda juga bisa memilih kacang - kacangan dan biji-bijian sebagai makanan penambah energi untuk anak .
Kedua makanan tersebut bisa menghilangkan rasa lelah dan mengatasi rasa lapar .
Kacang dan biji-bijian mengandung banyak nutrisi , sekaligus sumber energi yang sehat .
Jadi usahakan untuk memasukkan dua makanan ini dalam menu harian anak Anda .
Anda bisa memilih almond sebagai contoh .
Kacang almond mengandung banyak nutrisi penting , seperti magnesium dan vitamin B. Kedua nutrisi tersebut dapat membantu tubuh mengubah makanan menjadi energi .
Hati-hati , kekurangan vitamin B pada anak bisa melelahkan tubuh dan menurunkan tingkat konsentrasi .
Lebih banyak energi dengan Whey Protein
Dari berbagai jenis protein , whey protein merupakan jenis protein yang berkualitas tinggi .
Protein whey mengandung asam amino lengkap yang dibutuhkan tubuh .
Ingatlah bahwa protein adalah nutrisi penting yang dibutuhkan tubuh anak .
Bingung cara mendapatkan asupan protein whey ?
Caranya mudah , bunda bisa mendapatkan nutrisi tersebut dari berbagai makanan atau susu .
Contohnya Nestlé - Nutren Junior yang banyak mengandung whey protein dan nutrisi lain yang dibutuhkan tubuh anak .
Dari protein , omega 3 , hingga berbagai vitamin .
Junior Nutren cocok dimasukkan ke dalam menu hari ini untuk melengkapi gizi dan gizi yang dibutuhkan anak di masa pertumbuhannya .
Menariknya , Nutren Junior juga dapat digunakan sebagai penambah energi alternatif untuk anak Anda .
UN Appoints George W Bush As UK Election Observer
Production by Crispin Holland Dubya : Andrew Harrison
After allegations of cash for questions , expenses fiddling and a history of postal voting irregularities , the UN has appointed former President George W Bush as Election Observer for the 2010 UK General Election .
Ah , George , we missed you .
Copyright material , published in association with the producer .
Credits : Dubya - Andrew Harrison of Actorum .
Production by Crispin Holland of : Crisptv UK
More UK Satire
" Marks and Spencers " Name Change Shock
Snooker 's Hurricane Higgins dropped from charity event
Other Satire News
Obama to read from Waffle House menu
Swine Flu Over the Cuckoo's Nest
Atheist Sees Image of Big Bang in Slice of Toast
Texans against Jesus in Public Schools
So - called Hero Pilot Refuses to Lands Plane in Chicago River
Local Walmarts Fear Rise of Super - Walmart
or Click here for all our Satire News Stories
Thanks for visiting !
WASHINGTON , D.C. -- WikiLeaks , the self - proclaimed " whistle - blowing " investigative Web site , released a classified military video Monday that it says shows the " indiscriminate slaying " of innocent Iraqis .
Two days later , questions linger about just how much of the story WikiLeaks decided to tell .
At a press conference in Washington , D.C. , WikiLeaks accused U.S. soldiers of killing 25 civilians , including two Reuters journalists , during a July 12 , 2007 , attack in New Baghdad .
The Web site titled the video " Collateral Murder , " and said the killings represented " another day at the office " for the U.S. Army .
The military has always maintained the attacks near Baghdad were justified , saying investigations conducted after the incident showed 11 people were killed during a " continuation of hostile activity . "
The military also admits two misidentified Reuters cameramen were among the dead .
WikiLeaks said on Monday the video taken from an Army helicopter shows the men were walking through a courtyard and did nothing to provoke the attack .
Their representatives said when the military mistook cameras for weapons , U.S. personnel killed everyone in sight and have attempted to cover up the murders ever since .
The problem , according to many who have viewed the video , is that WikiLeaks appears to have done selective editing that tells only half the story .
For instance , the Web site takes special care to slow down the video and identify the two photographers and the cameras they are carrying .
More On This ... Video Appears to Show U.S. Forces Firing on Unarmed Suspects in Baghdad
However , the Web site does not slow down the video to show that at least one man in that group was carrying a rocket - propelled grenade launcher , a clearly visible weapon that runs nearly two - thirds the length of his body .
WikiLeaks also does not point out that at least one man was carrying an AK - 47 assault rifle .
He is seen swinging the weapon below his waist while standing next to the man holding the RPG .
" It gives you a limited perspective , " said Capt .
Jack Hanzlik , a spokesman for U.S. Central Command .
" The video only tells you a portion of the activity that was happening that day .
Just from watching that video , people cannot understand the complex battles that occurred .
You are seeing only a very narrow picture of the events . "
Hanzlik said images gathered during a military investigation of the incident show multiple weapons around the dead bodies in the courtyard , including at least three RPGs .
" Our forces were engaged in combat all that day with individuals that fit the description of the men in that video .
Their age , their weapons , and the fact that they were within the distance of the forces that had been engaged made it apparent these guys were potentially a threat , " Hanzlik said .
Military officials have also pointed out that the men in the video are the only people visible on those streets .
That indicated something was going on and that these individuals still felt they could walk freely , one official told Fox News .
Julian Assange , a WikiLeaks editor , acknowledged to Fox News in an interview Tuesday evening that " it 's likely some of the individuals seen in the video were carrying weapons . "
Assange said his suspicions about the weapons were so strong that a draft version of the video they produced made specific reference to the AK - 47s and RPGs .
Ultimately , Assange said , WikiLeaks became " unsure " about the weapons .
He claimed the RPG could have been a camera tripod , so editors decided not to point it out .
" Based upon visual evidence I suspect there probably were AKs and an RPG , but I 'm not sure that means anything , " Assange said .
Nearly every Iraqi household has a rifle or an AK .
Those guys could have just been protecting their area . "
The military has said Army units on the ground were experiencing RPG fire before calling in close air support .
And although it could be argued AK - 47 rifles are common household items , RPGs are not .
Assange said video evidence of the cameras was much clearer than it was of the weapons and that military statements about the presence of weapons had already been widely distributed .
But critics say those watching the video online or on television for the first time may not have had any knowledge of those statements .
" It 's ludicrous to allege that we have taken anything out of context in this video , " Assange told Fox News .
Another point of contention comes later in the video when U.S. Apache helicopters open fire on two men in a van who had arrived at the courtyard to carry away one of the wounded .
It was later learned that the wounded man was one of the photographers .
WikiLeaks argues that attack violated the Army 's rules of engagement .
However , the military says that because the van had no visible markings to suggest it was an ambulance or a protected vehicle , it was fair game under Army rules .
According to Assange the assault on the van was the most damning piece of video evidence .
" I 'm very skeptical that was done under the rules of engagement ; and if it was legal , the rules of engagement must be changed , " Assange said .
So far the rules of engagement in Iraq have not changed .
Hanzlik called the death of the Reuters photographers " incredibly unfortunate . "
That sad part is , he said , they were n't wearing any markings or jerseys that would have signaled to U.S. forces they were members of the media .
WikiLeaks has another classified military video in their possession they plan to release in about a month .
This time , Assange said , the public will see what happened during the controversial May 2009 NATO airstrike in Farah province , where Afghan officials say at least 150 civilians were killed .
MCVEIGH BREW
Some fret that MSNBC ’s decision to air Timothy McVeigh ’s confession for the Oklahoma City bombing 15 years ago is an attempt to link that crime with the “ tea party ” movement .
Hosted by Rachel Maddow , “ The McVeigh Tapes : Confessions of an American Terrorist ” airs Monday night and includes McVeigh ’s “ chilling confession ” in his own words for the first time , with “ insight into how a decorated American soldier became a dangerous , anti-government terrorist , ” the network says .
“ Maddow ’s message is that tea party fervor and an anti-Washington mood are precursors to domestic terrorism akin to Oklahoma City bombing , ” says Colin Hanna , president of the grass - roots group Let Freedom Ring .
“ This special is the culmination of a yearlong campaign attempting to link the tea party movement to fringe violence , starting with a federal government report tagging principled conservatives as violent extremists , ” Mr. Hanna continues .
“ These smears have been bubbling up for months in the mainstream media .
Every fringe lunatic , every tragic killing is attributed to conservative ideas or boisterous media personalities . ”
The phenomenon has been building .
Just more than a year ago , an intelligence report from the Department of Homeland Security warned law enforcement officials about a rise in “ right - wing extremist activity , ” blaming the trend on economic recession , the election of America ’s first black president , disgruntled war veterans and people opposed to abortion or immigration .
At the time , American Legion chief David Rehbein called the report “ incomplete , and , I fear , politically biased , ” among other things .
“ The evidence is clear that as the tea party message has taken hold , liberals are growing increasingly desperate and the tired slogans are n’t sticking , ” says Mr. Hanna , who already has challenged Ms. Maddow to debate the topic .
“ Instead of engaging the tea party movement on the issues of economic freedom , government intrusion and individual fiscal responsibility , MSNBC ’s primetime star is turning one of the nation ’s great tragedies into a cheap political talking point . ”
JUST SO YOU KNOW
The big fat federal bank bailout has morphed into a cultural phenomenon :
It ’s become a tool to gauge political trustworthiness .
Fifty - seven percent of Americans would trust a lawmaker who voted against the bailouts more than a member of Congress who favored them , says a new Rasmussen Reports survey of 1,000 likely voters conducted April 14 and 15 .
Twenty - one percent would trust the bailout - friendly lawmaker .
But wait .
A classic Ronald Reagan - ism is still viable .
Fifty - six percent also say they agree with Mr. Reagan ’s statement , “ Government is not the solution to our problem ; government is the problem , ” made Jan. 20 , 1981 , during his first inauguration speech .
The phrase , by the way , is available as a cell - phone ring tone from Myxer , a “ mobile entertainment and device personalization ” company .
Preview it here : www.myxer.com/ringtone:1603833/
BUMPER PATROL
“ What Washington needs is adult supervision . ”
( Bumper sticker spotted in Arlington , Va . )
ROMNEY AND RUBIO
The growing wave of support for Marco Rubio could turn into a tsunami .
The conservative challenger to Gov. Charlie Crist for the U.S. Senate seat in Florida has picked up the endorsement of Mitt Romney - who will appear with the young hopeful in Tampa on Monday .
“ From his humble beginnings as the son of working - class Cuban exiles , Marco Rubio ’s meteoric rise - first to Florida Speaker of the House , and now to a candidate for the U.S. Senate — is the embodiment of the American Dream , ” says Mr. Romney .
“ While I respect Governor Crist , Marco Rubio ’s proven record of conservative , principled , and idea - driven leadership is what Florida needs now .
Marco Rubio will be a reliable spokesman against the Washington culture of higher spending , higher taxes and higher debt . ”
Mr. Romney ’s Free and Strong America PAC is making a maximum $ 5,000 primary election contribution to Mr. Rubio ’s campaign .
The pair will hold a press conference in late morning ; stay tuned .
LOWER THE BOOM
Like arming airline pilots in the cockpit ?
Maybe .
A top Navy commander suggests commercial vessels arm themselves to ward off pirates while traveling the seas off the Somali coast .
Americans simply can’t police it all .
“ We could put a World War II fleet of ships out there and we still would n’t be able to cover the whole ocean , ” says Navy Adm .
Mark P. Fitzgerald , commander of U.S. naval forces in Europe and Africa and of NATO ’s Allied Joint Task Force Command Naples .
Another problem — this one probably centuries old — has surfaced .
What to do with a gang of captured pirates ?
“ Catch and release is not a very good option .
How do we deal with this ?
We ’ve got to come to some kind of solution , ” Adm . Fitzgerald adds .
POLL DU JOUR
• 69 percent of Americans say they are “ absolutely certain ” they will vote in 2010 midterm elections .
• 56 percent are “ frustrated ” with the federal government , 21 percent are “ angry ” with it .
• 52 percent say the U.S. political system is “ fine ” but the lawmakers “ are the problem . ”
• 50 percent say the government runs its programs inefficiently .
• 50 percent want smaller government with fewer services , 39 percent favor bigger government with more services .
• 43 percent say the federal government has a negative effect on their daily life , 38 percent say the effect is positive .
Source : A Pew Research Center poll of 2,505 adults conducted March 11 to 21 and released Sunday .
• Comments , rants and erudite press releases to jharper@washingtontimes.com
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Chelsea FC will be the most represented club at the 2010 World Cup Finals in South Africa .
Even with the recent exclusion of Germany midfielder Michael Ballack due to injury , Chelsea has 15 players in the World Cup .
Barcelona are a close second with 14 and Liverpool and Arsenal are sending 12 each .
The Chelsea players in the World Cup will represent seven different countries including , England , Ghana , France , Ivory Coast , Nigeria , Portugal , Serbia , and Slovakia .
[ picapp align = ” left ” wrap= ” true ” link=” term=ashley+cole&iid=8810179 ″ src=”c/2/1/7/Ashley_Cole_Chelsea_83af.JPG?adImageId=12987028&imageId=8810179 ″ width = ” 234 ″ height = ” 297 ″ /]
Ashley Cole ( England ) : Considered by many as the best left - back in the world and I am inclined to agree .
Making a comeback from a seemingly devastating ankle injury , Ashley Cole was an integral part of a largely make - shift Chelsea defense .
Though not known for his goal - scoring , he has shown flashes of brilliance in front of goal .
His lack of size makes him vulnerable in the air and is a bit of a hothead at times which leads to some rash tackles .
He is able to shut down the the left side of the field and has the pace needed to shut down world - class players like Cristiano Ronaldo .
He is vital in all phases of the game and his attacking runs create pressure and open up many options in the England attack .
[ picapp align = ” left ” wrap = ” true ” link=” term=john+terry&iid=8750345 ″ src=”c/a/b/6/John_Terry_Chelsea_11a9.JPG?adImageId=12987053&imageId=8750345 ″ width = ” 234 ″ height =
” 300 ″ /] John Terry ( England ) : The Chelsea captain was recently stripped of his England captaincy due to some off the field issues with former Chelsea and international teammate Wayne Bridge and his baby mama .
Unfortunately these issues affected Terry ’s play during a very important stretch of the club season , but it seems that is all behind him .
Also , with Bridge declining Capello ’s invite to the World Cup squad , that distraction should be left at home .
Terry is still one of the best center backs in the world and his ability to read games and match up one on one with any team ’s striker is unparalleled .
He is excellent in the air and despite being somewhat exposed by a striker with pace , he will defend with every ounce of his will and is definitely first - rate .
[ picapp align = ” left ” wrap= ” true ” link=” term=joe+cole&iid=8477478 ″ src=”f/4/d/1/Joe_Cole_Chelsea_29c9.JPG?adImageId=12987059&imageId=8477478 ″ width = ” 234 ″ height = ” 282 ″ /] Joe Cole ( England ) : Joe Cole was hardly featured in the Chelsea attack this year having only started 14 games and making 12 appearances as a substitute .
However this was largely because of a knee injury and an already crowded midfield at Stamford Bridge .
He only contributed 2 goals this season but one was against Manchester United and was extremely vital to the Blues ’ title hopes .
Cole has a top -rate passing range and rare technical ability that can unlock defenses which is largely lacking in this England side .
His inclusion in the squad is a bit of a surprise considering his lack of minutes this year but he is a rare substitute that Capello can bring on that has extensive experience at the international level .
[ picapp align = ” left ” wrap = ” true ” link=” term=frank+lampard+england&iid=8480011 ″ src=”f/1/4/9/Sports_News_bc95.jpg?adImageId=12987066&imageId=8480011 ″ width = ” 234 ″ height = ” 272 ″ /]
Frank Lampard ( England ) :
The consummate professional and a great example of everything a modern footballer should be .
Lampard was the calming presence and held Chelsea together during a very contentious period .
He is one of the most consistent midfielders in the Premiership with incredible goal - scoring ability and can score from long - range as well .
His passing ability is excellent and makes him one of the best .
There are very few weaknesses to his game and its rare to see him lose possession in the middle of the pitch .
Lampard is also an excellent defensive player and his discipline make him extremely hard to beat .
[ picapp align = ” left ” wrap= ” true ” link=” term=michael+essien&iid=7272939 ″ src=”9/e/b/f/Michael_Essien_Chelsea_65af.jpg?adImageId=12987515&imageId=7272939 ″ width = ” 234 ″ height = ” 275 ″ /]
Michael Essien ( Ghana ) :
Its hard to say what to expect from Essien during these finals as fitness has been a major issue for him the past few years .
In fact it may even be an issue in South Africa .
Essien started 13 games this year and made one appearance as a substitute and only scored three goals .
When he is healthy though , he is one of the best holding midfielders in the world .
He is a fearsome tackler with great versatility in attack and can play any position in the midfield .
He has excellent power and has a great motor and tons of heart .
His only weakness is his lack of aerial prowess but his strength and work - rate more than make up for that .
If Ghana are to advance out of their group , which is very likely , then it is vital for Essien to raise his game once again to his usual world - class level .
[ picapp align = ” left ” wrap= ” true ” link=” term=florent+malouda&iid=8746219 ″ src=”d/e/0/2/Florent_Malouda_Chelsea_ee27.JPG?adImageId=12987493&imageId=8746219 ″ width = ” 234 ″ height = ” 210 ″ /]
Florent Malouda ( France ) : Malouda was labeled a bust in many circles but the arrival of Guus Hiddink revitalized the French winger .
Malouda burst back on to the Premiership scene this year with an excellent overall performance and it could be argued that he was the best player in the squad for much of the season .
He is one of the most versatile players on this France squad as he is an outstanding left - winger but tracks back very well owing to his experience playing left - back in his days at Lyon .
He did an excellent job of providing through balls and dangerous crosses to both Didier Drogba and Nicolas Anelka during the club season and its vital that he do the same for Thierry Henry .
[ picapp align = ” left ” wrap= ” true ” link=” term=nicolas+anelka&iid=8813467 ″ src=”8/b/a/1/Nicolas_Anelka_FA_7080.JPG?adImageId=12987529&imageId=8813467 ″ width = ” 234 ″ height = ” 254 ″ /]
Nicolas Anelka ( France ) : Anelka is one of the most talented French players and has proven to be a prolific goalscorer on the club level , however there is not much good to say about his international career .
He has also had quite the attitude problem and earned himself the nickname “ The Incredible Sulk ” before his days at the Bridge .
Since he signed with Chelsea midway through the 2007/08 season he has matured greatly and even took on a secondary striker role .
His rare combination of power , pace , technique , and finishing ability make him the prototypical modern striker but he has yet to display his wonderful talents on a stage as grand as this .
France snuck in to the Finals thanks to some clever handiwork by Henry but they should advance out of a relatively easy group with Anelka leading the charge .
[ picapp align = ” left ” wrap= ” true ” link=” term=didier+drogba&iid=8810178 ″ src=”6/c/4/2/Didier_Drogba_Chelsea_096f.JPG?adImageId=12987560&imageId=8810178 ″ width = ” 234 ″ height = ” 321 ″ /]
Didier Drogba ( Ivory Coast ) : The 2010 Premier League Golden Boot winner is the best goalscorer in the Premiership and quite possibly the world .
Before the Rooney supporters get crazy , I said best goalscorer , not best player .
Yes he could do a better job of tracking back and he could stop being petulant and selfish , but perhaps its that mean streak and self - serving attitude that has propelled Drogba to the top of the footballing world .
Besides a slight lack of pace and a propensity to dive , there is no weakness in this man ’s game .
He is one of the strongest players in the world and can bully opposing defenders and he rarely loses 50 - 50 balls .
His strength and height make him an excellent aerial threat .
Drogba and what is known as the Ivory Coast ’s “ Golden Generation ” is Africa ’s best chance at a World Cup victory despite being placed in the so - called Group of Death .
[ picapp align = ” left ” wrap= ” true ” link=” term=salomon+kalou&iid=8746134 ″ src=”2/2/b/e/Salomon_Kalou_Chelsea_7cee.JPG?adImageId=12987571&imageId=8746134 ″ width = ” 234 ″ height = ” 180 ″ /] Salomon Kalou ( Ivory Coast ) : Still relatively young for a player of such experience , Salomon Kalou has been a bit inconsistent on the club level since signing to Chelsea in 2006 .
He has plenty of pace and has no problems running at defenders to put the pressure on and create chances but he seems to have lost his confidence in front of goal .
A couple of brutal misses did the trick , particularly the epic failure against Portsmouth in the FA Cup Final .
It also could be that Chelsea look to him as more of a provider rather than a scorer .
His pace and fearlessness make him a perfect player in the Ivory Coast ’s counter - attacking style and he looks to have a bright future in both his club and international shirt .
[ picapp align = ” left ” wrap=” true ” link=” term=john+obi+mikel&iid=8477489 ″ src=”d/d/f/8/John_Obi_Mikel_f4f6.JPG?adImageId=12987617&imageId=8477489 ″ width = ” 234 ″ height = ” 230 ″ /] John Obi Mikel ( Nigeria ) :
There really is not much you can say about John Obi Mikel , neither positive or negative but he is just that type of player .
His role in his team ’s success is often understated and underrated by the casual fan .
Mikel is fearless in defense and does a very good job at his holding midfielder position and managed 21 starts for Chelsea but rarely gets much attention or publicity .
Mikel burst on to the scene at a very young age and was targeted by Manchester United before he agreed to sign with Chelsea .
He is expected to be a superstar at the international level after playing well for the Super Eagles at both the 2006 and 2008 African Cup of Nations and is one of Africa ’s bright young stars at the age of 22 .
[ picapp align = ” left ” wrap= ” true ” link=” term=paulo+ferreira&iid=8477484 ″ src=”e/2/7/e/Paolo_Ferreira_Chelsea_3d46.JPG?adImageId=12987623&imageId=8477484 ″ width = ” 234 ″ height = ” 340 ″ /]
Paulo Ferreira ( Portugal ) : Paulo Ferreira is an excellent defender but has struggled to hold down a place in the starting line - up at Chelsea ever since the Mourinho days came to an end .
He was , along with Carvalho and Deco , a member of the Porto side that won the Champions League and joined Chelsea the following summer .
Despite the loss of his starting position , he has remained an integral part of the club ’s success as a substitute at every defensive position .
His versatility came very much in handy this season due to injuries to Ricardo Carvalho , Ashley Cole , Branislav Ivanovic , and particularly Jose Bosingwa at some point or another .
In fact , Bosingwa ’s injury has kept him out of the World Cup and has given Ferreira a much larger role on the Portuguese squad than expected .
[ picapp align = ” left ” wrap=” true ” link=” term=ricardo+carvalho&iid=7260959 ″ src=”d/c/c/1/Chelsea_defender_Ricardo_bc51.jpg?adImageId=12987631&imageId=7260959 ″ width = ” 234 ″ height = ” 349 ″ /]
Ricardo Carvalho ( Portugal ) :
When he is healthy , Ricardo Carvalho is one of the finest center backs in the Premiership and in Europe .
He has had some injury issues in recent years and there are some concerns that a striker with pace would give him some problems .
Thats the usual knock on aging center backs but he still has several great years ahead of him .
Much like John Terry though , Carvalho is savvy enough and has enough international experience to neutralize most offensive threats .
Especially in the World Cup where the pressure is so immense , experience can prove more vital than natural ability .
The center back also adds toughness to a Portugal squad that is known more for its attacking finesse and its divas ( Ronaldo , Nani ) than for lock - down defense .
Carvalho is extremely physical , powerful in the air , and is better on the ball than your average center back .
[ picapp align = ” left ” wrap= ” true ” link=” term=deco&iid=8477335 ″ src=”6/e/3/f/Deco_Chelsea_200910_021c.JPG?adImageId=12987638&imageId=8477335 ″ width = ” 234 ″ height = ” 278 ″ /]
Deco ( Portugal ) : Anderson Deco was born in Brazil but is a naturalized Portuguese citizen and chose to play for Portugal rather than his native land .
Deco is definitely not as effective as he once was but can still be a threat because of his skill and finishing ability .
He will not be looked at to score goals for Portugal but rather to provide the through balls to unlock opposing defenses .
His creativity has been vital for the Portuguese attack since his international debut in 2002 .
He was largely forgotten at Chelsea for much of the year under Ancelotti , and Hiddink unfortunately , but made a push late in the season and started several important matches down the stretch run .
Deco ’s best years are behind him and he is not as mobile as he once was and has a tendency to disappear from games , but when he is in good form , he is still very effective .
[ picapp align = ” left ” wrap= ” true ” link=” term=branislav+ivanovic&iid=8813317 ″ src=”a/f/9/a/Branislav_Ivanovic_FA_30d5.JPG?adImageId=12987647&imageId=8813317 ″ width = ” 234 ″ height = ” 316 ″ /] Branislav Ivanovic ( Serbia ) : Branislav Ivanovic transferred to Chelsea in January 2008 for a reported fee of 9 million pounds but he did not make his first appearance for the club until about 8 months later .
The move was largely overlooked because Ivanovic was a relatively unknown commodity .
His first goal came in a brace against Liverpool in the Champions League that etched his name in Chelsea lore .
He made a name for himself at the club level with his versatility by playing all four defensive positions and stepping in admirably at left back after Bosingwa ’s injury this year .
Though he lacks the pace and creativity of Bosingwa or a Glen Johnson , his no nonsense approach is vital to any side .
His already excellent international reputation is slowly being matched by a growing reputation at Stamford Bridge .
He may only be a part - time or second - choice player at Chelsea , but he is one of Serbia ’s premier performers and forms part of an excellent back line with United center back Nemanja Vidic .
[ picapp align = ” left ” wrap= ” true ” link=” term=miroslav+stoch&iid=3980786 ″ src=”b/7/4/5/PicImg_Football__Watford_2061.JPG?adImageId=12987655&imageId=3980786 ″ width = ” 234 ″ height =
” 300 ″ /]
Miroslav Stoch ( Slovakia ) : Miroslav Stoch , at 20 years old , is part of a generation of youngsters at Chelsea who have shown great promise at both the club and international level .
I could easily see him being the creative inspiration of the Chelsea attack in the years to come , but one more loan spell to a lesser club would do him some good .
Rather than being just another player at the end of the Chelsea bench , Stoch was loaned out in 2009 / 10 to Dutch Eredivisie side FC Twente and was instrumental in helping that club win its first title .
He is a brilliant attacking midfielder and has plenty of upside .
He possesses great ball skills and is a threat to score from distance .
Stoch ’s brilliance must be on full display if Slovakia is to advance out of a weak group .
Ye Olde Krusader .
Ye Olde Krusader .
Ten years ago a simple twin panel file manager was released .
It had a few small glitches like showing rrr instead of rwx for permissions , had some compatibility issues with Debian and Solaris , did not save keyboard settings , but it was , in spite of many bugs , sort of usable for everyday work .
Ten years ago Krusader started on the path to becoming a top file manager for a large range of operating systems and users .
It started with young developers Shie and Rafi , over some falafel .
In spite of academic duties they kick started an application which became a very popular Total Commander like file manager for the Free Desktop .
On January 1st 2002 , version 1.0 was released by the Krusader Krew .
Krusader pioneered many innovations for file management , like tabbed file browsing , advanced bookmarking functionality and a highly customizable interface .
The Krusader website has the full story written by Matej Urbančič .
Today version the first beta for 2.2.0 is released , codenamed ' DeKade ' .
It features better trash integration , many new tabs actions , queued packing and unpacking and much more .
You can find it on the Krusader Downloads page .
Frank Schoolmeesters , long time Krusader supporter and Documentation Master , uses this memorable day to call out to Free Software enthousiasts :
" We are still calling for new developers .
" Currently we have only one ( new ) active developer , all the other developers are basically ' retired ' , and one developer is not enough to do stable releases , so currently we only do beta releases . "
You can contact him and the Krusader team at the Krusader website , and they 'll help you getting involved !
The Krusader code can be found in the Extragear / utils repository .
Why should you have to pay a fee to find out if one of our lawyers is the best choice for resolving your legal matter ?
At Purcell , Krug & Haller , we offer complimentary 30 - minute consultations to people just like you who are confronted with a range of legal issues , from the very simple to highly complex .
We are a full - service law firm with several experienced attorneys , a staff of over 25 members and a 60 - year history of providing high - quality representation to clients throughout Pennsylvania .
Seasoned Lawyers And Dedicated Representation
With offices in Harrisburg and Hershey , we offer convenience , personalized service and unparalleled representation to individuals , families and small businesses .
Our firm has been named one of the top law firms in the country by U.S. News & World Report and Best Lawyers .
Our commitment to your legal matter (s ) is fulfilled in each of our specialized practice areas :
Family law —
We help individuals and families facing divorce and divorce - related issues ( e.g. , child custody , child support , spousal support and other family - related legal issues ) consider the benefits of resolution through alternatives to litigation , but we are committed to protecting your best interests through the means that make sense in your unique circumstances .
Bankruptcy —
We help consumers and small businesses obtain relief from overwhelming debt , discussing their financial situations , goals and options .
We help you make informed decisions to achieve debt relief .
Estate planning and probate —
We help you plan for the future , protect your assets and settle the final affairs of a loved one 's estate .
We will also represent you in any litigation matters that may arise .
Personal injury —
If you have been injured due to the negligence of another person or entity , we will work tirelessly to help you and your family get the maximum compensation you deserve to recover and move forward .
Real estate —
We work with individuals , buyers , sellers , lenders , mortgage holders and others statewide on a range of matters such as leases , foreclosures and real estate owned ( REO ) services .
Creditors representation —
We represent individuals , businesses , banks and mortgage companies statewide in matters such as plan objections , relief from stay motions and discharge claims .
Schedule A Free Consultation With Our Attorneys
In Harrisburg Or Hershey
Please email us or call today to discuss your legal concerns , legal options and our firm 's customized services .
Call us at 717-260-3485 or toll free at 866-586-6058 to schedule a meeting with an attorney .
|||I 1938 SKREMTE Orson Wells millioner av lyttere med sin radioversjon av « Klodenes kamp » .
Folk trodde virkelig marsboere invaderte jorda .
Regien har vært like effektfull i vårens teater hvor små , grønne menn er erstattet av aske .
Overskrifter som « dødsskyen » og « Hele Norge vil dekkes av aske » har preget tabloidene .
Verre er det at en liten vulkan stengte luftrommet til en hel verdensdel .
Som andre naturfenomener er vulkaner noe luftfarten må ha stor respekt for .
Ingen liv har gått tapt , men det har vært noen svært alvorlige vulkanrelaterte hendelser .
På 80 - tallet var det to dramatiske episoder med midlertidig stans på alle motorer .
Akkurat som luftfart krever gode værmeldinger , er det derfor nødvendig med et varslingssystem for vulkansk aktivitet .
Men i alle kjente hendelser har imidlertid flyene vært inni , eller i umiddelbar nærhet av selve vulkanspruten .
Riktignok har fly blitt pepret av relativt store objekter tidligere også .
Slik en tordensky kan spytte opp hagl med nedslagsfelt på utsida , kan vulkaner gjøre det samme med størknet materie .
Men tyngdekraften burde tilsi at vulkanen er irrelevant gitt vår avstand fra Island .
De som ut fra egen dømmekraft mente det var trygt å fly , ble møtt med forklaringer om partikler som ingen måler kunne registrere , og de var heller synlige for det blotte øye .
APROPOS PARTIKLER .
I lufta vrimler de fra ymse kilder , ørkensand og havsalt virvles opp av stormer .
Pollen og forvitringsstøv , fra industri , jordbruk , transportmidler , skogbranner og aktive vulkaner , er alle bidragsytere i en sandblåsingsprosess på skrog og slitasje på motorer .
Vedlikeholdssystemer tar tilbørlig høyde for denne effekten som påskynder luftfartøyenes aldringsprosess .
Så hva gjør Eyjafjallajökull spesiell ?
Partiklene i den såkalte askeskyen har et smeltepunkt som er lavere enn jetmotorenes indre temperatur , men hva har vel ikke det ?
Ta asfaltstøv som florerer ved inn- og utflygingstraseene ved storbyene .
Ingen stilte heller spørsmål ved flysikkerheten rundt Hammerfest da Snøhvitanlegget spredte aske og sot over byen .
Det er det heller ingen grunn til , så lenge skitten blåses ut like fort som den kommer inn .
Først ved en tetthet som i den virkelige askeskyen rundt vulkanen at det blir farlig .
Det som eventuelt ellers måtte sette seg fast , ivaretas gjennom vedlikeholdet .
Er historiene som verserer en bekreftelse på en overhengende fare , eller bare symptomer på et hysteri ?
Sansene er ekstra skjerpet i disse tider , og sjansen for å se spøkelser ved høylys dag er tilsvarende store .
« Bevisene » har da også blitt dementert , eller så har de forsvunnet fra mediebildet .
EN SØKEN ETTER å eliminere helt perifer risiko , kan virke mot sin hensikt .
At en fantomsky stoppet livreddende ambulansefly er et grelt eksempel i så måte .
Det er paradoksalt at luftfarten , som har et himmelhøyt sikkerhetsnivå , skal lide for dette .
Hadde man tenkt slik om biltrafikken , ville veiene blitt tomme .
Vi har alle respekt for autoriteter , og myndighetene i de involverte land har respekt for hverandre gjennom internasjonale konvensjoner .
Få opponerer av frykt for å bli stemplet som useriøse hva gjelder flysikkerhet .
Hvem er så den egentlige autoritet i askesaken ?
Er det en datamaskin i England ?
I et moderne mediesamfunn synes enhver potensiell krise å bli hauset opp .
Askesaken er enda et tilfelle hvor det blir ropt « ulv » uten grunn .
Myndighetene bør erkjenne at kriteriene for stenging var gale .
Vi kan ikke risikere at respekten er borte den dagen ropene er reelle .
Commercial Linux distributor Red Hat is reaching towards its goal of hitting $ 1bn in sales .
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010 , the company had double digit revenue growth and posted record billings for the services backing its Enterprise Linux and related products , and it finished off the year with overall sales up 14.7 per cent , to $ 748.2 m , and net earnings up 10.8 per cent , to $ 87.3 m .
Not too shabby considering the global economy was melting down during the first half of Red Hat 's fiscal year and is only now showing some signs of stability .
For the fiscal fourth quarter ended February 28 , Red Hat had subscription sales of $ 169.2 m , up 21.4 per cent , while training and services revenues actually declined a smidgen to $ 26.7 m .
Total sales came in at $ 195.9 m for fiscal Q4 , and despite all of its costs rising and a drop in interest income , the company nonetheless was able to boost net income in the quarter to $ 23.4 m , up 46.3 per cent .
Since last year , Red Hat has shifted more of its cash pile into debt and equity securities , but still has $ 970.2 m in cash , equivalents , and securities in the bank .
The company ended the quarter with $ 646 m in deferred revenues , up 19 percent from a year ago .
What a contrast Red Hat makes with Novell , which might bring in more money each quarter but whose Linux business is much smaller and has just hit break - even in its fiscal 2010 first quarter ended in January .
Novell has close to $ 1bn in the bank and has rejected what amounts to a $ 940 m takeover deal ( net of cash ) from hedge fund operator Elliott Partners .
Red
Hat is the better buy , but with a market capitalization of $ 5.7bn and a multiple that probably makes it worth at least $ 10 bn the way Wall Street thinks , Elliott does n't have the cash to buy Red Hat .
And maybe no one else does either .
In a conference call with Wall Street analysts , Jim Whitehurst , Red Hat 's president and chief executive officer , said that the quarter saw the telecommunications sector pick up , with strong attach rates for maintenance tools , an increase in embedded Enterprise Linux sales , and traction gaining for the Enterprise MRG real - time and grid variant of the company 's Linux distro .
The JBoss middleware business picked up too , and the company closed a multi-million dollar deal for JBoss products with a big bank in the quarter .
Whitehurst said that Red Hat only renewed 24 of the top 25 deals that came up for renewal , and they renewed at 130 percent of the value of the contracts in the prior year among those 24 accounts .
Comically , Red Hat was sad to lose a deal at that one big account ( an unnamed technology company ) , but Whitehurst said that it had already signed a six - figure deal with another division of that same company .
So there .
With some of the major stock exchange wins in the past year - including the Tokyo Stock Exchange last week - about half of the volume of equity trading in the world now touches Red Hat Linux in some way , according to Whitehurst .
Charlie Peters , Red Hat 's chief financial officer , said that the company inked 18 deals worth over $ 1 m in the fiscal fourth quarter , and it had three deals worth more than $ 5 m .
And some 60 per cent of the top 30 deals done by Red Hat in the quarter had Enterprise Linux Advanced Platform - the more expensive version of the server Linux from Red Hat with unlimited virtualization - as a component .
In the past year , this percentage has ranged from 60 to 70 per cent .
Peters said that the Red Hat direct sales force closed some big deals in Q4 , which shifted the percentage of revenues coming from direct sales up to 44 per cent , compared to 38 per cent in fiscal Q3 .
Channel partners accounted for the remaining 56 per cent , but this has been trending up in past quarters .
By geography , 59 per cent of Red Hat 's revenues in Q4 came from the Americas , with 26 per cent from EMEA and 15 percent from Asia / Pacific .
This is consistent with past quarters .
During the fiscal 2010 year , Red Hat bought back 10 million of its shares , and this month spent the last $ 10 m of a $ 250 m share repurchase authorization to get a few more .
In conjunction with the earnings announcement this afternoon , Red Hat 's board announced that it was allocating another $ 300 m for the company to buy back shares , which are used to compensate employees and to prop up per -share earnings numbers .
Looking ahead to fiscal 2011 , Whitehurst said that the uptake of JBoss middleware and the Linux Advanced Platform would be as important to the growth of Red Hat as improving server sales .
What will also help Red Hat 's commercialized KVM virtualization hypervisor is the desire to see a second alternative to VMware 's ESX Server , and the company wants its Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization , which launched in November 2009 , to be that alternative .
" Most customers do n't want one platform , " Whitehurst said , referring to virtualization platforms , not operating systems .
" They want two .
Frankly , we do n't see Microsoft all that often .
It 's not that customers do n't like VMware - a lot of them are high on VMware - but they do n't want to get stuck with just one vendor and they want us to be the alternative . "
Peters put some numbers on the future to give Red Hat something to shoot for .
In the first quarter of fiscal 2011 ending in June , Red Hat expects revenues of between $ 202 m and $ 204 m , and non-GAAP earnings per share of between 17 and 18 cents .
For the full fiscal 2011 year , Red Hat is projecting sales of between $ 835 m and $ 850 m , which would represent a 12 to 14 per cent increase over the year just ended , and non-GAAP EPS of between 71 and 74 cents .
That 's the same or slightly less profits on a non-GAAP basis with revenue growth , which seems to imply that costs are going to rise somewhere this year .
Most likely having to do with the development and marketing of the upcoming Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6 , due around mid-year . ®
The JooJoo exists .
With all of the recent media coverage of the iPad , we ’ve had a chance to hear some interesting discussion and heated debates .
Usually the more tech savy and the hackers are most upset about the “ closedness ” of the hardware and software .
We have heard of many alternatives , but usually they ’ve been pretty clunky .
The JooJoo( originally “ crunch pad ” ) by Fusion Garage gets mentioned , but we ’ve been avoiding it since the company had been having so many set backs , we doubted it would actually exist .
Well , it does .
The shipped the first ones at the same time as the iPad .
What is so special about it ?
well , heres what you ’ll find when you open it up ( yeah , with screws ) .
a RAM slot , 1 GB provided
2x mini pcie slots
1x ssd slot
a 3g sim slot
Nvidia ’s new ion graphics chip
An atom n270 processor
With 4
Gb of storage , bluetooth , wifi , a camera , external USB ports , a screen boasting 1366 ×768 resolution , and a slick interface which supports flash , we ca n’t help but get excited .
It costs $ 499 .
We think this could be a fantastic hacking platform .
We are n’t going to just run out and buy one yet , but if it takes off , we expect to see people hacking these like crazy .
Too bad they could n’t have gotten a little more press to compete with the iPad .
On Sunday , Cuban television broadcast the first episode of an 8 - part miniseries on the various assassination attempts on Fidel Castro .
Just another jolly night on Cuban prime - time !
Called He Who Must Live , the miniseries covers the " 638 " attempts on El Supremo 's life , including some that took place even before he came to power .
It is expected to do for ruthless dictators what " Roots " did for slavery .
Cubans instantly took to the streets when the state newspaper announced the show would pre-empt the newest episode of " Lost . "
Just kidding .
Cubans do n't watch " Lost . "
They 're better than that .
Actually , though , Cuban dissidents have in fact been quietly protesting for two weeks now over the death of Zapato Tamayo , a dissident who starved himself to death to protest government repression .
Earlier this week , another protester , Guillermo Fariñas , refused to accept an invitation from Spain to flee Cuba and vowed to see his own hunger strike through until some political prisoners are released .
According to Granma , the state newspaper , the mini-series is a mammoth production that cast 243 actors , some 800 extras , and has been filming for three years .
After that long in production , why unleash it now ?
No , the mini-series is not El Jefe 's attempt to disprove our death meter .
It 's just the latest in a series of public relations attempts at reminding the country and the world that he 's still HBIC - head bitch in charge .
Last week , Newsweek reported that Fidel took back the country 's reins from his brother Raul , whom he 'd personally picked to succeed him .
The take - back is all very Jay Leno - Conan O'Brien .
Expect Raul to join Twitter next week .
There was a time in Cuba when even talking about Fidel 's mortality was sacrosanct .
But now , here he is bragging about the 638 times
he 's cheated death .
638 !
He 's like the Wilt Chamberlain of
assassinations .
In light of the political unrest on the island , the series '
message seems to be : if he can make it through the first 638 , you can
survive some paltry hunger strike .
Granma says the series is a " vertiginous ride " through time that will combine a hodgepodge of genres .
That can only mean one thing : at some point America 's Best Dance crew will perform an interpretative dance number on the Bay of Pigs .
The Spanish news agency EFE also says some plots in the movie " seem to be taken from science fiction . "
So , we were right after all .
What kind of assassination attempts have been made on Fidel , anyway ?
Granma says they have included " classic ploys " with bombs and snipers , and less orthodox ones like poisoned cigars and milkshakes . "
The last episode of the series - spoiler alert !
- will chronicle Luis Posada Carriles ' failed attempt at killing Castro at a 2000 conference in Panama .
Update : The Cuban Interwebs are failing , so we can't embed the video .
For now , you can watch the trailer here .
I do n't know about you guys , but I smell Oscar !
Bolivians mobilise .
`` If our government officials are to be wise , they must be pushed by popular initiatives so that the people can feel they are doing it themselves .
The state 's paternalism , in building socialism , may help at first , but we must create popular protagonism . ''
Photo by Ben Dangl .
Marta Harnecker interviewed by Edwin Herrera Salinas , for the Bolivian newspaper La Razón .
Translation by MRZine 's Yoshie Furuhashi .
Posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with permission
[ Click HERE for more articles by Marta Harnecker . ]
March 28 , 2010
Edwin Herrera Salinas :
What is the characteristic of the Latin American left today ?
Marta Harnecker : Twenty years ago , when the Berlin Wall fell , there was no revolution foreseeable on the horizon .
However , it did n't take long before a process began to emerge in Latin America with Hugo Chávez .
We have gone on to form governments with anti-neoliberal programs , though not all of them are putting an anti-neoliberal economics in practice .
We have created a new left .
A majority of victories are not due to political parties , except in the case of Brazil with the Workers ' Party .
In general , it has been due to either charismatic figures who reflect the popular sentiment that rejects the system or , in many cases , social movements that have emerged from resistance to neoliberalism and that have been the base of these new governments .
The governments that have done most to guarantee that there be a real process of change to an alternative society are the ones that are supported by organised peoples , for the correlation of forces is not idyllic .
We have a very important enemy who is far from dead .
It is preoccupied by the war in Iraq , but the power of the empire is very strong and is seeking to hold back this seemingly unstoppable process .
And what is happening to political thought ?
What 's happening is a renovation of left - wing thought .
The ideas of revolutions that we used to defend in the 1970s and 1980s , in practice , have not materialised .
So , left - wing thought has had to open itself up to new realities and search for new interpretations .
It has had to develop more flexibility in order to understand that revolutionary processes , for example , can begin by simply winning administrative power .
The transitions that we are making are not classical ones , where revolutionaries seize state power and make and unmake everything from there .
Today we are first conquering the administration and making advances from there .
Would you say that we are riding a revolutionary wave ?
I believe that , yes , we are in a process of that kind .
That there will be ebbs and flows , too , is true .
It 's interesting to look at the situation in Chile .
Here we lost , but it was one of the least advanced processes .
Chile always privileged its relation with the United States ; the socialist left was not capable of understanding the necessary links that we have to have in this region and betted on bilateral treaties .
During the era of [ dictator ]
Augusto Pinochet national industry was dismantled , and the left did n't know how to work with people .
The left went about getting itself into the leadership , political spaces , the political class , while the right went to work among people .
What role do you assign to Bolivia in this context ?
I was in Bolivia a year and half ago .
The situation was completely different then : people were in struggle and there were regional battles .
Now I think you have made an enormous advance , when it comes to conquering the spaces of administrative power .
The correlation of forces in the Plurinational Legislative Assembly , the forces of separatism that were defeated , and the success of moderate and intelligent economic policy have demonstrated to the people that , with the nationalisation of basic resources , it is possible to build social programs and help the most defenceless sectors .
There is also something cultural , moral .
The Bolivian people is what often does n't show up in statistics : a people achieving dignity .
Here , it 's like Cuba , where many journalists were expecting to see the fall of Cuban socialism through the domino effect , which did n't happen because dignity matters to the Cuban people more than food .
I heard of improvements in Bolivia , but there still remain large pockets of poverty .
Nevertheless , even the poorest citizens feel dignified thanks to the type of government that has had to understand , given Evo Morales ' style , that its strength lies in organised people .
For me , it 's like a symbol of what our governments ought to be in the face of difficulties .
Instead of compromising and turning the process into top - down decision making , the government receives support from the organised power of people who give it the strength to continue advancing .
We must understand that popular pressure is necessary to transform the state , which means we must n't be afraid of popular pressure , we must n't be afraid just because there sometimes are strikes against the bureaucratic deviations of the state .
Lenin , before his death , said that the bureaucratic deviations of the state were such that the popular movement had the right to go on strike against it , to perfect the proletarian state .
This type of pressure is different from destructive strikes .
Social movements must understand their constructive role and , if they choose to apply pressure , do so to build , not to destroy .
Do you believe that Bolivians can conquer power , not just the administration ?
I believe that they will , as they are gaining ground and , well , power is also in the hands of organised people .
The socialism we want , which can be called socialism , communitarianism , full humanity , whatever , is a search for a fully democratic society , where individuals can develop themselves , where differences are respected , where , through the practice of struggle , through transformation , the culture of thought will change .
One of the greatest problems is that we are trying to build an alternative society with an inherited individualistic and clientelistic culture .
Even our best cadre are influenced by this culture .
So , it 's a process of cultural transformation .
Human beings change themselves through practice , not by decrees .
It is necessary to create spaces , or recognise already existing spaces , of participation , because the big problem of failed socialism was that people did n't feel themselves to be builders of a new society .
They received grants , education , health care from the state , but they did n't feel that they were themselves building such a society .
What weaknesses do you see in the Bolivian process ?
One of the problems is reflected in the leadership of cadre , accustomed as they are to thinking : when we take office , we change .
We are democratic while working in a movement , but when we take office , we become authoritarian .
We do n't understand that , in the society we want to build , the state has to promote protagonism of people , rather than supplant their decision making .
It happens in some left - wing governments : government officials think that it's up to them to solve problems for people , rather than understand that they must solve problems together with people .
If our government officials are to be wise , they must be pushed by popular initiatives so that the people can feel they are doing it themselves .
The state 's paternalism , in building socialism , may help at first , but we must create popular protagonism .
Can this weakness derive from not having cadre ?
Of course it can .
In my latest book , this idea is developed in the last chapter , called " El instrumento político que necesitamos para el siglo XXI " ( The political instrument we need for the 21st century ) .
The idea behind the term " political instrument " always seemed interesting to me .
I insisted in 1999 that we use the term " political instrument " because " the party " , in some cases , is a worn - out term .
We were interested in creating an agency that is in accordance with the needs of the new society , rather than copying the schemas of already obsolete parties .
The party , classically , has been a group of cadre who , at bottom , are seeking to prepare themselves for taking political office , winning elections , with methods of work that we copied from the Bolshevik Party , which were democratic , not clandestine .
We mechanically translated that structure .
The results of renovation of what used to be our political parties , or rather social movements that participate in this political construction , are now instruments that belong to social movements , like the Movement Towards Socialism ( MAS ) [ in Bolivia ] or Pachakutik in Ecuador , which are instruments created by social movements themselves .
The leading instrument is not a party -- varied as situations are -- but a popular national front .
It must n't be forgotten that we come from the processes in which the left was in opposition , not in government , and one of the things that we are learning , with each local or national electoral victory , is that it 's one thing to be the left in opposition and it's another thing to be the left in government .
Therefore we think that political instruments , whether they are fronts or whatever , must be the critical consciousness of the process .
What happens often , or almost always , is that there arises a fusion of cadre in the government and cadre of the party .
This is due to the shortage of cadre .
We , as a group , are advocating in Venezuela for the necessity of public criticism which serves as a warning .
If there are deviations , we have to have a chance to criticise them .
What , in your opinion , does public criticism consist of ?
Even a little while ago , the left , including myself , thought that we should just wash our dirty laundry at home .
In Cuba , for example , that was always the case , and when we talked to the press , it was said : " Listen , be careful , do n't say things that give ammunitions to the enemy . "
What happened in reality is that political education was greatly endangered , even in Cuba .
In other words , the state , the political authority , corrupts if there is no control over it .
Therefore , I very much believe in communities exercising control .
The absence of that means easy money and government officials , given various rationalisations , beginning to have a life apart , whether receiving a bigger salary , which does n't happen often , or receiving a lot of gifts .
In Ignacio Ramonet 's interview with Fidel , Cien horas con Fidel Castro ( One hundred hours with Fidel Castro ) , the former Cuban president said : " In our country criticism and self - criticism are practiced in small groups , but it has grown stale .
We need to practice criticism in classrooms , in public squares ...
The enemy will exploit it , but the revolution will benefit from it more than the enemy . "
I am convinced that our government officials should see public criticism as something healthy .
To be sure , norms of criticism should be made clear , too : for example , there should be major penalties for unsubstantiated criticisms , since in Venezuela the accusation of corruption is used against any political enemy , people getting destroyed without any evidence .
What is needed is a fundamental criticism , a criticism that presents a proposal .
It is easy to criticise , but what is your own proposal ?
Each individual who criticises should have a proposal .
Otherwise , what 's the point ?
Also , internal spaces should be exhausted first .
If the government is open to hearing criticism and capable of reacting promptly , then there is no need to make it public .
There should be a clear awareness in our countries that , if you are not behaving well , someone will expose your bad behaviour .
It 's like a moral pressure .
Our history shows that being on the left does n't make us saints .
We have weaknesses , we can go astray .
The people must be alert , and critical intellect is very important .
Intellectuals are not capable of mediating the correlation of forces : they have their schemas and sometimes are utopians at present ; nevertheless , they reflect possibilities , and history often bears them out .
We are in an information world , and there 's no hiding things .
If we know how things are , so does the enemy .
It would be better for us to be the first to bring up solutions to problems ; that way , we deprive the enemy of a weapon .
It seems to me that public criticism does us good , and our officials had better understand that , too , for sometimes they do n't understand it ; public criticism will help the process greatly , it will go a long way to combating corruption and bureaucratism .
Who can better watch whether something is going well or badly than the service user ?
For example , at a bakery , who can be a better watchdog than people who eat its bread and know how the bakery works ?
That is to say , people should have their say and chances to make local decisions .
Has there been an opportunity to talk about this issue of public criticism with our government officials ?
I have not been able to talk with Evo. I 'll talk to him about it as soon as I can .
In any case what I said is in my latest book .
In Venezuela , I 'm part of a group making efforts in that direction .
We were n't well understood by many , but we understand that the president has understood it .
We are in agreement on public criticism , though there was a moment when it seemed as if our heads could roll .
Now it looks like they have understood us and are giving us another kind of possibilities , and I think that this is important .
The socialism of the 21st century that we want to build is an immensely democratic society that has no fear of criticism .
We offer public criticism out of pain , not out of hatred or a desire to destroy .
We do so because we want a society in which the revolutionary process triumphs , and when we see deficiencies , it pains us , because we want to build something better .
It 's not the same as right - wing criticism that seizes upon our weaknesses to destroy us .
No .
We criticise to be constructive , to solve problems .
The most marvelous thing that has happened to us is that , when we made our criticisms public in Venezuela , the people felt completely identified with us , a group of critics , because it was exactly what they were feeling but did n't know how to express .
Who benefits from public criticism ?
When I was editor of political journal Chile Hoy ( Chile Today ) , I did a kind of public criticism .
Sometimes intellectuals ' or journalists ' criticism is disliked because we are sometimes a little arrogant .
But in Chile Hoy , we gave the microphone to organised people and communicated what they saw was going wrong with the process .
Our journal put out the government 's communiqués , too , but my passion was to get out the opinions of copper miners and organs of workers ' power ( cordones industriales ) .
So , I 'm pleased to hear Evo Morales say , in his interview with Wálter Martínez of TeleSur , that it is necessary to learn to listen , for sometimes government officials do n't listen or listen to only those around them , which can only lead to the government officials getting a false picture of the country .
I do n't know if it 's happening in this country , but in Venezuela , when Chávez announces that he is going to visit a place , they beautify the streets and houses where the president will pass , or turn on air - conditioning in the school that he will visit , and then , on the following day , they will come and get things back to what they were .
Only an organised people and a society open to criticism can put a stop to these things .
Is public criticism accepted ?
I 'd be happy to have an argument about this topic .
If there are compañeros who think that this is wrong , I 'd be happy to hear them say so .
But I know historical experiences .
You know that Mao Zedong , for all his life , was concerned about bureaucratic deviations and corruption .
He organised six or seven campaigns that did n't bear fruit because people who led them came from the party apparatus .
They were bureaucrats who were trying to do things without getting criticised .
Then came the Cultural Revolution , which was an opening for public criticism , but a book by a Chinese man , who experienced the Cultural Revolution , went to the United States , and then later returned to China has an analysis of how sectors of the party took the words of the leader to an extreme , caricatured his thought , and made it possible for it to be rejected .
They did terrible things , such as cutting people 's hair .
They were the ones who wanted to destroy the process .
That is why there should be clear norms : we can't engage in an anarchic criticism , which is destructive .
I learned from a Venezuelan community group who invited me to a meeting , where they said to me : " No one has the right to speak or propose unless the person takes responsibility for the proposal . "
That does away with blowhards who just love to talk on and on at meetings and never do anything .
The great virtue of Che , more than his guerrilla war and bravery in the face of imperialism , was the consistency between his thought and action .
And that , for example , is what attracts the European youth .
I was amazed , when I went to Europe for a commemoration of Che in 1987 , to see how much he appealed to the youth .
The secret was n't that they loved to be guerrillas , too , but Che 's consistency between thought and action .
[ Marta Harnecker Cerdá , born in Chile , is a sociologist and popular educator .
She has published more than 80 works .
The focus of her current work is socialism of the 21st century and organising people in power .
Her most widely read book is Los conceptos elementales del materialismo histórico ( Fundamental Concepts of Historical Materialism ) .
In 2008 , she wrote a book on Bolivia 's Movement Towards Socialism ( MAS - IPSP ) , the political instrument led by Evo Morales , which emerged from social movements .
Since the 1960s , she has collaborated with social and political movements of Latin America .
She is now an advisor to the government of Venezuela .
The original interview " ' Hay que tomar en cuenta la crítica pública , conviene y ayudaría al proceso ' " was published by La Razón on March 28 , 2010 .
Translation by Yoshie Furuhashi for MRZine . ]
Here ’s a story about how one missing letter , an M , can wreck a whole month ’s worth of climate data .
It is one of the longest posts ever made on WUWT , I spent almost my entire Saturday on it .
I think it might also be one of the most important because it demonstrates a serious weakness in surface data reporting .
In my last post , we talked about the a curious temperature anomaly that Jean S. found in the March GISS data and posted at Climate Audit :
The anomaly over Finland has an interesting signature to it , and the correction that GISS posted on their website confirms something I ’ve been looking at for a few months .
The data shown between 4/13 and 4/15 were based on data downloaded on 4/12 and included some station reports from Finland in which the minus sign may have been dropped .
With some work I started back in late December and through January , and with GISS putting stamp of approval on “ missing minus signs ” I can now demonstrate that missing minus signs are n’t just an odd event , they happen with regularity , and the effect is quite pronounced when it does happen .
This goes to the very heart of data gathering integrity and is rooted in simple human error .
The fault lies not with GISS ( though now they need a new quality control feature ) but mostly with NOAA / NCDC who manages the GHCN and who also needs better quality control .
The error originates at the airport , likely with a guy sitting in the control tower .
Readers who are pilots will understand this when they see what I ’m talking about .
I ’ve seen this error happen all over the world .
Please read on and be patient , there is a lot of minutiae that must be discussed to properly frame the issue .
I have to start at the very bottom of the climate data food - chain and work upwards .
First , a discussion about the root of error and the differences between the surface and satellite dataset .
I should mention that in the satellite image from NASA ’s Earth Observations ( NEO ) , we do n’t see the same error as we see in the GISTEMP map above .
NASA NEO March 1- 31 2010 day satellite measured temp anomaly – click for larger image
Why ?
Better sensors , maybe , but mostly it has to do with a different data gathering methodology .
In the surface data sets , including land and ocean data , most every datapoint is touched by a human hand , even airport data that gets done by automated airport sensors sometimes gets transcribed manually ( often in third world and technologically stunted countries ) .
In the surface data , thousands of sensors are spread across the globe , many different designs , many different exposures , many different people with different standards of measurement and reporting .
The precision , accuracy , and calibration of the vast surface network varies , especially when we have broad mix of instrumentation types .
For example in the US Historical Climatological Network the equipment varies significantly .
In satellite data , the data is measured at a single point with one sensor type , the Microwave Sounder Unit on the satellite , calibrated to a precision source on - board .
On - board redundant precision platinum resistance thermometers ( PRTs ) carried on the satellite radiometers .
The PRT ’s are individually calibrated in a laboratory before being installed in the instruments .
The satellite data is automatically measured and transmitted .
In contrast to the surface temperature record , no human hands touch the data gathering or data reporting process .
Satellite data generation is far more homogeneous than the mish - mash of surface data .
I think it would be safe to say that the chances of human error in raw surface data are at least an order of magnitude greater ( if not several ) than error in raw satellite data .
Post measurement processing is another issue , but for the purposes of this essay , I ’m focusing only on raw data gathering and transmittal .
As mentioned in the recently updated compendium of issues with the surface temperature data by Joe D’Aleo and myself , there has been a move in the Global Historical Climatological Network ( GHCN ) to rely more and more on airports for climate data .
This , in my opinion , is a huge mistake because in addition to those issues
E.M. Smith aka “ Chiefio ” reports that in GISS ( which uses GHCN ) worldwide , there has been a wholesale migration towards airport weather data as a climatic data source .
In an email sent to me on Jan 20 , 2010 he says that
Look at :
http://chiefio.wordpress.com/2009/08/26/agw-gistemp-measure-jet-age-airport-growth/
which as a fairly good descriptions of the problems in the data , we have a global report for GHCN as of that August data .
There is more deail in the link , but I think you care about “ now ” :
Percentage of sites that are AIRPORTS NOW , by decade of record Year S.P S.C S.T S.W EQ .
N.W N.T N.C N.P Total 1909 0.0 42.0 15.1 28.2 29.2 36.7 22.8 33.3 44.4 25.4 1919 0.0 36.4 12.8 23.5 25.1 37.7 20.9 35.0 39.8 24.1 1929 0.0 37.0 11.9 27.4 27.7 32.7 20.4 35.9 56.4 24.1 1939 0.0 43.9 17.6 32.0 33.8 29.1 20.2 36.2 51.0 25.1 1949 0.0 32.3 24.4 37.6 44.4 31.8 23.3 39.3 60.9 29.1 1959 0.0 24.0 35.0 50.0 59.4 39.4 30.9 41.0 62.9 37.3 1969 0.0 18.1 39.3 53.2 63.2 40.2 31.4 41.1 61.5 39.0 1979 0.0 17.9 39.1 52.0 64.2 40.7 28.8 41.1 62.3 37.7 1989 0.0 20.7 41.5 52.5 67.8 41.9 29.1 40.8 64.9 37.7 1999 0.0 21.0 53.5 57.4 68.0 53.0 32.6 49.0 59.0 41.6 2009 0.0 17.9 74.0 64.7 66.5 51.5 30.2 45.4 57.3 41.0
This is by major climate latitude band , the total is 41 % for the globe ( and rising daily 😉
Also in :
I do break outs by continent and by some countries .
For the USA , I further do a specific with / without USHCN ( the older version , not the USHCN.v2 put in 15Nov09 ) and findFor COUNTRY CODE : 425
But it masks the rather astounding effect of deletions in GHCN without the USHCN set added in :
LATpct : 2006 3.7 18.3 29.5 33.2 14.4 0.0 0.4 0.3 0.1 0.1 100.0 AIRpct : 1.3 4.0 6.3 6.7 3.2 0.0 0.4 0.3 0.1 0.1 22.4 LATpct : 2007 8.2 17.2 28.4 26.9 11.2 0.0 3.7 3.0 0.7 0.7 100.0 AIRpct : 8.2 15.7 27.6 23.1 9.0 0.0 3.7 3.0 0.7 0.7 91.8 LATpct : 2008 8.8 16.9 28.7 26.5 11.0 0.0 3.7 2.9 0.7 0.7 100.0 AIRpct : 8.8 15.4 27.9 22.8 8.8 0.0 3.7 2.9 0.7 0.7 91.9 LATpct : 2009 8.1 17.8 28.1 26.7 11.1 0.0 3.7 3.0 0.7 0.7 100.0 AIRpct : 8.1 16.3 27.4 23.0 8.9 0.0 3.7 3.0 0.7 0.7 91.9 DLaPct : 2009 4.3 18.4 29.5 32.5 13.6 0.0 0.7 0.9 0.2 0.1 100.0 DArPct : 2.1 5.7 8.8 8.9 3.7 0.0 0.6 0.8 0.2 0.1 30.7
That in the YEAR 2009 the USA has almost 92 % airports in GHCN .
So clearly , airports make up a significant portion of the climate data .
On the issues of airports as climate station , obvious issues with siting , UHI , failing ASOS instrumentation , and conflicting missions ( aviation safety - vs- climate ) aside , I ’m going to focus on one other thing unique to airports : METAR
What is METAR you ask ?
Well in my opinion , a government invented mess .
When I was a private pilot ( which I had to give up due to worsening hearing loss – tower controllers talk like auctioneers on the radio and one day I got the active runway backwards and found myself head - on to traffic .
I decided then I was a danger to myself and others . )
I learned to read SA reports from airports all over the country .
SA reports were manually coded teletype reports sent hourly worldwide so that pilots could know what the weather was in airport destinations .
They were also used by the NWS to plot synoptic weather maps .
Some readers may remember Alden Weatherfax maps hung up at FAA Flight service stations which were filled with hundreds of plotted airport station SA ( surface aviation ) reports .
The SA reports were easy to visually decode right off the teletype printout :
Note that in the example above , temperature and dewpoint are clearly delineated by slashes .
Also , when a minus temperature occurs , such as - 10 degrees Fahrenheit , it was reported as “ - 10 ” .
Hang on to that , it is important .
The SA method originated with airmen and teletype machines in the 1920 ’s and lasted well into the 1990’s .
But like anything these days , government stepped in and decided it could do it better .
You can thank the United Nations , the French , and the World Meteorological Organization ( WMO ) for this one .
SA reports were replaced by METAR in 1996 .
From Wikipedia ’s section on METAR
I ’ve always thought METAR coding was a step backwards , for reasons I ’ll discuss shortly .
But first , quick !
Spot the temperature and dewpoint in this METAR report :
The following is an example METAR from Burgas Airport in Burgas , Bulgaria , and was taken on 4 February 2005 at 16:00 Coordinated Universal Time ( UTC ) .
METAR LBBG 041600 Z 12003MPS
310V290 1400 R04/P1500N R22/P1500U +SN BKN022 OVC050 M04/M07 Q1020 NOSIG
9949//91=
Could you read this and know what the weather is in Burgas ?
I can , only becuase I ’ve looked at hundreds the past few months , but I still have to pick through the report to find it .
The reason is that METAR is a variable field reporting format .
Data is n’t always in the same position .
In the report above .
The temperature and dewpoint is : M04/M07
M04/M07 indicates the temperature is − 4 °C ( 25 °F ) and the dewpoint is − 7 °C ( 19 °F ) .
An M in front of the number indicates that the temperature / dew point is below zero ( 0 ) Celsius .
Notice also that the entire METAR report is visually more complex .
This is fine if you are having computers code it , but many METAR reports are still hand coded by technicians at airports , and thus begins the introduction of human error into the climate data process .
Complexity is not a good thing when manual labor is involved as it increases the likelihood of error .
Here is where METAR coding departs from normal numeric convention .
SA reports did not have this problem .
In the METAR report above , instead of using the normal way we treat and write negative numbers , some policy wonk decided that we ’ll use the letter “ M ” to report a negative number .
Only a bureaucrat could think like this .
So instead of a below zero Centigrade temperature and dewpoint looking like this :
-04/-07 in the “ new and improved ” METAR coding , it looks like this : M04/M07
OK not a problem you say ?
Well I beg to differ , because it forces technicians who manually code METAR reports for transmission to do something they would not do anywhere else , and that ’s write down an “ M ” instead of a minus sign .
Using an M is totally counter - intuitive and against basic math training , and increases the likelihood of error .
It gets worse .
Let ’s say the technician makes a boo - boo and puts a minus sign instead of an “ M ” in front of the numbers for temperature / dewpoint .
You ’d think this would be alright , and the system would correctly interpret it , right ?
Let ’s put the METAR report from Burgas Airport into an online METAR decoder .
http://www.wx-now.com/Weather/MetarDecode.aspx
Here ’s the report with the easy to make mistake , using minus sign instead of M for the temperature .
METAR LBBG 041600 Z 12003MPS
310V290 1400 R04/P1500N R22/P1500U +SN BKN022 OVC050 -04/M07 Q1020 NOSIG
9949//91=
The output from the online METAR decoder reads :
Hey look at that , the temperature is 39 °F ( 3.8 °C ) .
Minus signs are discarded from METAR decoding .
Note that decoded METAR temperature also comes out the same if the “ M ” is missing in front of the 04/-07 or 04/M07
If it had been decoded correctly we would have gotten :
( - 4 ) degrees Celsius = 24.8 degrees Fahrenheit
A whole 14.2 degrees F difference !
Reference for METAR decoding :
http://www.met.tamu.edu/class/METAR/quick-metar.html
Also note that METAR data has no year stamp component to the data , so the METAR decoder has no way of knowing this was a report from 2005 , not 2010 .
Since each METAR report is essentially disposable within 24 hours , this presents no problem for pilots , they do n’t care .
But if you are tracking climate over years using METAR data , not having a year time stamp increases the likelihood of error .
Also the temperature error itself in this case has no bearing on a pilot ’s decision to takeoff or land .
Unless they are worried about density altitude on hot humid days , the temperature is a throwaway datum .
They are mostly concerned about winds , sky conditions , and barometer ( altimeter setting ) .
In fact cool / cold days are far better for aviators ; see AOPA ’s Why Airplanes Like Cool Days Better .
My point here is this :
If a pilot or tower controller sees an erroneous METAR report like this :
METAR LBBG 041600 Z 12003MPS
310V290 1400 R04/P1500N R22/P1500U +SN BKN022 OVC050 -04/M07 Q1020 NOSIG
9949//91=
Or this :
METAR LBBG 041600 Z 12003MPS
310V290 1400 R04/P1500N R22/P1500U +SN BKN022 OVC050 04/M07 Q1020 NOSIG
9949//91=
Pilots / controllers / dispatchers are n’t likely to care , since current temperature and dewpoint are not important to them at these cooler temperatures .
They also are n’t likely to call up the tower and holler at the technician to say “ Hey , the temperature is wrong ! ” .
Further , since the METAR report may be reissued sometime within the hour if somebody DOES spot the error , problem solved .
Point is that updates / corrections to METAR data may not be logged for climate purposes , since they are likely to be seen as duplicate reports because of the hourly timestamp .
So , in the case of M’s and minus signs , the propensity exists for erroneous METAR reports to not get corrected and to stay logged in the system , eventually finding their way into the climate database if that airport happens to be part of GISS , CRU , or GHCN datasets .
Maddeningly , even when egregious errors in aviation weather data are pointed out and even acknowledged by the reporting agency , NOAA keep them in the climate record as was demonstrated last year in Honolulu , HI International Airport when a string of new high temperature records were set by a faulty ASOS reporting station .
NOAA declined to fix the issue in the records :
The key sentence from that story from KITV - TV :
The National Weather Service said that is not significant enough to throw out the data and recent records .
Hmmm , look at another nearby station and compare the differences .
You be the judge .
Does NOAA consider this a climate reporting station ?
Yes according to NCDC MMS database , it is part of the “ A ” network , designated for climate :
Clearly , NOAA simply does n’t seem to care that erroneous records finds their way into the climatic database .
OK back to the METAR issue .
The problem with METAR reporting errors is worldwide .
I ’ve found many examples easily in my spare time .
Let ’s take for example , a station in Mirnvy , Russia .
It is in Siberia at 62.5° N 113.9° E and has an airport , is part of GHCN , and reports in METAR format .
Weather Underground logs and plots METAR reports worldwide , and these METAR reports are from their database on November 11th , 2009 .
It shows a clear error in the 12:30 PM ( 330Z ) and 1 PM ( 400Z ) METAR report for that day :
http://www.wunderground.com/history/airport/UERR/2009/11/1/DailyHistory.html?req_city=NA&req_state=NA&req_statename=NA
UERR 010330Z 22005G08 MPS
9999 -SN 21/M23 Q1026 NOSIG RMK QFE738 24450245 UERR 010400 Z 22005G08 MPS
9999 -SN SCT100 OVC200 20/M22 Q1025 NOSIG RMK QFE737 24450245 UERR 010430 Z 21005G08 MPS
4000 -SN SCT100 OVC200 M20/M22 Q1024 NOSIG RMK QFE737 24450245 UERR 010430 Z 21005G08 MPS
4000 -SN SCT100 OVC200 M20/M22 Q1024 NOSIG RMK QFE737 24450245 UERR 010500 Z 21005G08 MPS
4000 -SN SCT100 OVC200 20/M22 Q1023 NOSIG RMK QFE736 24450245
Note the missing ” M ” on the 12:30 PM ( 330Z ) and 1 PM ( 400Z ) .
It happens again at 2 PM ( 500Z ) .
Of course it is n’t very noticeable looking at the METAR reports , but like the GISS plot of Finland , stands out like a sore thumb when plotted visually thanks to Weather Underground :
Mirnvy , Russia
The effect of the missing “ M ” is plotted above , which coincidentally looks like an “ M ” .
Put those METAR reports in this online METAR decoder : http://www.wx-now.com/Weather/MetarDecode.aspx and you get 70 F for 12:30 PM and 68 F for 1PM
What do you think 70 degree F spike this will do to monthly averaged climate data in a place where the temperature stays mostly below freezing the entire month ?
http://www.wunderground.com/history/airport/UERR/2009/11/1/MonthlyHistory.html?MR=1
Does NOAA log METAR data from Mirnvy Russia ( ICAO code UERR ) ?
Yes , they do .
Plus many other METAR reporting stations discussed here .
Does NCDC classify it as a climate station ?
Yep , it is part of the “ A ” network .
Which means it either directly reports climate data and / or is used to adjust data at other stations , such as GHCN stations .
List of GHCN stations :
http://www1.ncdc.noaa.gov/pub/data/ghcn/daily/ghcnd-stations.txt
It is not however , part of GHCN .
But there are plenty stations that have this error that are part of GHCN .
Yakutsk , Russia , also in Siberia is part of GHCN and has a METAR reporting error .
Here ’s an example what one off - coded hourly reading will do to the climate database .
The city of Yakutsk , one of the coldest cities on earth , reported a high of 79 ˚F on November 14th with a low of - 23 ˚F .
Weather Underground seems to have done some quality control to the METAR reports , but the erroneous high temp remains in the daily and monthly report :
http://www.wunderground.com/history/station/24959/2009/11/14/DailyHistory.html
http://www.wunderground.com/history/station/24959/2009/11/14/MonthlyHistory.html
A month later , it happened again reporting a high of 93 ˚F on December 14th with a low of - 34 ˚ F
And the erroneous 93 F high temp remains in both the daily and monthly reports , but has been removed from the METAR report , so I ca n’t show you the missing “ M ” I observed back in January .
I wish I had made a page screen cap .
http://www.wunderground.com/history/station/24959/2009/12/14/DailyHistory.html
http://www.wunderground.com/history/station/24959/2009/12/14/MonthlyHistory.html
When the temperature data was calculated with that error then , this was found :
The average for the day , 30 ˚F , was some 67 ˚ F above normal , pushing the anomaly for the month of December from 3.6 ˚ F above normal to 5.9 ˚ F above normal … quite a shift !
More examples :
Here ’s an example of a properly coded METAR report from Nizhnevartovsk , Russia , for December 11 , 2009 , but the data is wrong .
I ’m thinking it was supposed to be M30 but came out M13 .
The dewpoint value M16 is also erroneous .
Nizhnevartovsk , Russia Dec 7 , 2009
METAR USNN 111230Z 00000MPS P6000 SCT026 OVC066 M27/M29 Q1014 NOSIG RMK QFE755 SC062 METAR USNN 111300Z 12005G08MPS
P6000 SCT066 OVC200 M13/M16 Q1035 NOSIG RMK QFE772 SC063 METAR USNN 111330Z 12005G08MPS
P6000 SCT066 OVC200 M13/M16 Q1035 NOSIG RMK QFE772 SC063 METAR USNN 111400Z 00000MPS P6000 SCT020 OVC066 M28/M29 Q1014 NOSIG RMK QFE755 SC065
And it was not a one time occurrence , happening again on Dec 25th as shown in the Monthly graph :
Nizhnevartovsk , Russia , December 2009
http://www.wunderground.com/history/airport/USNN/2009/12/25/MonthlyHistory.html
The daily graph and METAR reports , notice it happened about the same time ( 1300Z ) and in the same way ( M27 then M13 ) , perhaps pointing to the same technician on duty making the same habitual mistake again .
Maybe too much Vodka having to work the Xmas night shift ?
Nizhnevartovsk , Russia Dec 25 , 2009
METAR USNN 251230Z 11006MPS 2200 - SN SCT014 OVC066 M27/M30 Q1015 NOSIG RMK QFE757 SC055 METAR USNN 251300Z 35002MPS 6000 - SN SCT015 OVC066 M13/M15 Q1010 NOSIG RMK QFE752 SC03 METAR USNN 251330Z 12006MPS 4100 - SN SCT015 OVC066 M27/M29 Q1014 NOSIG RMK QFE756 SC055
http://www.wunderground.com/history/airport/USNN/2009/12/25/DailyHistory.html
It did not appear initially to be in the GHCN list or on the GISS list , but I ’ve found that some of the names on Weather Underground are different from the place names in the GHCN and GISS lists .
It turns out that if you search in Weather Underground for the station ALEKSANDROVSKOE it will point you to use the data from Nizhnevartovsk .
ALEKSANDROVSKOE is a GHCN / GISS station .
I found other instance of METAR errors for that station , this one was quite pronounced on Jan 16th , 2009 , lasting for 7 hours before it was corrected .
Nizhnevartovsk , Russia Jan 16 , 2009
Here ’s the METAR reports
METAR USNN 151800Z 23002MPS P6000 BKN066 OVC200 M22/M24 Q1009 NOSIG RMK QFE751 SC038 METAR USNN 151830Z 23002MPS 2900 - SHSN SCT020CB OVC066 22/M23 Q1009 NOSIG RMK QFE751 SC038 METAR USNN 151900 Z 23002MPS 2100 - SHSN SCT019CB OVC066 21/M23 Q1009 NOSIG RMK QFE751 SC038 METAR USNN 152000 Z 24001MPS 5000 - SHSN SCT022CB OVC066 21/M22 Q1009 NOSIG RMK QFE751 SC038 METAR USNN 152030Z 24002MPS 4300 - SHSN SCT020CB OVC066 21/M22 Q1009 NOSIG RMK QFE751 SC038 METAR USNN 152100Z 24002MPS 6000 - SHSN SCT018CB OVC066 20/M22 Q1009 NOSIG RMK QFE751 SC038 METAR USNN 152130Z 25002MPS P6000 SCT020CB OVC066 20/M22 Q1009 NOSIG RMK QFE751 SC038 METAR USNN 152200Z 28002MPS P6000 SCT022CB OVC066 20/M22 Q1009 NOSIG RMK QFE752 SC038 METAR USNN 152300Z 27003MPS P6000 - SHSN SCT016CB OVC066 M19/M21 Q1010 NOSIG RMK QFE752 SC038
http://www.wunderground.com/history/airport/USNN/2009/1/16/DailyHistory.html
The monthly report shows the event :
Nizhnevartovsk , Russia , January 2009
http://www.wunderground.com/history/airport/USNN/2009/1/16/MonthlyHistory.html
It happened twice on Feb 2nd , 2007 , and with a space added between the M and 09 on the 0300Z report , it is a clear case of human error :
METAR USNN 020100Z 11010G15MPS
0500 R03/1200 +SN + BLSN VV002 M09/M11 Q1003 TEMPO 0400 +SN + BLSN VV002 RMK QFE748 QWW060 MOD ICE MOD TURB S METAR USNN 020200Z 12009G14MPS 0500 R03/1200 +SN + BLSN VV002 M09/M10 Q1001 TEMPO 0400 +SN + BLSN VV002 RMK QFE747 QWW060 MOD ICE MOD TURB S METAR USNN 020300Z 11008G13MPS 1100 R03/1200 SN + BLSN BKN004 OVC066 M 09/M10 Q1000 NOSIG RMK QFE745 QRD120 MOD ICE MOD TURB SC045 ...
METAR USNN 021200Z 18009MPS P6000 - SHSN DRSN SCT017CB OVC066 M07/M09 Q0989 TEMPO 2000 SHSN RMK QFE736 MOD ICE MOD TURB SC042 METAR USNN 021300Z 16009 MPS P6000 DRSN SCT016CB OVC066 08/M11 Q0989 NOSIG RMK QFE736 MOD ICE MOD TURB SC042 METAR USNN 021400Z 16008 MPS P6000 DRSN SCT016CB OVC066 M08/M11 Q0989 NOSIG RMK QFE736 MOD ICE MOD TURB SC042
http://www.wunderground.com/history/airport/USNN/2007/2/2/DailyHistory.html
The monthly data shows the double peak :
http://www.wunderground.com/history/airport/USNN/2007/2/2/MonthlyHistory.html
I ’m sure many more can be found , I invite readers to have a look for themselves by looking for such events at Weather Underground
It is not just Russia that has METAR reporting errors
Lest you think this a fault of Russia exclusively , it also happens in other northern hemisphere Arctic site and also in Antarctica .
Svalbard , Oct 2 , 2008
METAR ENSB 020550Z 13012KT 6000 - SN FEW010 SCT015 BKN030 M04/M06 Q1013 TEMPO 4000 SN BKN012 METAR ENSB 020650Z 14013KT 9000 - SN FEW010 SCT018 BKN040 03/M06 Q1013 TEMPO 4000 SN BKN012 METAR ENSB 020750Z 15011KT 9999 - SN FEW015 SCT025 BKN040 M03/M07 Q1013 TEMPO 4000 SN BKN012
http://www.wunderground.com/history/airport/ENSB/2008/10/2/DailyHistory.html
Eureka , Northwest Territory , Canada March 3 2007
It hit 109.4 F ( 43C ) there on March 3rd 2007 according to this METAR report .
Eureka is the northernmost GHCN station remaining for Canada .
It ’s temperature gets interpolated into adjacent grid cells .
CWEU 031600 Z 14004KT 15SM FEW065 BKN120 M43/M45 A2999 RMK ST1AS2 VIA YQD SLP150 CWEU 031700 Z 15005KT 10SM FEW065 BKN012 43/46 A3000 RMK SF1AS1 VIA YQD SLP163 Decoded : 11:00 AM 109.4 °F 114.8 °F 100 % 30.01 in 10.0 miles SSE 5.8 mph - Mostly Cloudy CWEU 031800 Z 11003KT 15SM FEW050 FEW065 OVC130 M43/M46 A3001 RMK SF2SC1AS1 VIA YQD SLP164
http://www.wunderground.com/history/airport/CWEU/2007/3/3/DailyHistory.html
In these cases below for Antarctic stations Dome C and Nico , the METAR reports seem to have all sorts of format issues and I ’m not even sure how where the error occurs , except that Weather Underground reports a spike just like we see in Russia .
Dome C station Dec 9 , 2009
AAXX 0900 / 89828 46/// /////
11255 36514 4//// 5//// 90010 AAXX
0901 / 89828 46/// ///// 10091 36514 4//// 5//// AAXX 09014 89828 46/// /1604 11225 36480 4//// 5//// 9014
http://www.wunderground.com/history/station/89828/2009/12/9/DailyHistory.html
Nico Station , University of Wisconsin Dec 9 , 2009
AAXX 0920 / 89799 46/// /////
11261 4//// 5//// 92030 AAXX
0920 / 89799 46/// /////
11103 4//// 5//// 92040 AAXX
0921 / 89799 46/// /////
11270 4//// 5////
http://www.wunderground.com/history/station/89799/2009/12/9/DailyHistory.html
Admusen Scott Station Jan 14th , 2003
Here ’s generally properly formatted METAR data , but note where the technician coded the extra space , oops !
NZSP 131350Z GRID36007KT 9999 IC SCT020 BKN060 M31 / A2918 RMK SDG / HDG NZSP 131450Z GRID36007KT 9999 IC FEW010 FEW020 SCT035 SCT050 M3 1 / A2918 RM K SDG / HDG NZSP 131550Z GRID10008KT 9999 IC BCFG FEW010 SCT020 BKN050 M31 / A2919 RMK VIS E 2400 BCFG E SDG / HDG
http://www.wunderground.com/history/station/89009/2003/1/14/DailyHistory.html
And I ’m sure there are many more METAR coding errors yet to be discovered .
What you see above is just a sampling of a few likely candidates I looked at over a couple of hours .
Missing M’s – Instant Polar Amplification ?
It has been said that the global warming signature will show up at the poles first .
Polar Amplification is defined as :
“ Polar amplification ( greater temperature increases in the Arctic compared to the earth as a whole ) is a result of the collective effect of these feedbacks and other processes . ”
It does not apply to the Antarctic , because the Southern Ocean acts as a heat sink .
It is common to see it stated that “ Climate models generally predict amplified warming in polar regions ” , e.g. Doran et al .
However , climate models predict amplified warming for the Arctic but only modest warming for Antarctica .
Interestingly , the METAR coding error has its greatest magnitude at the poles , becuase the differences in the missing minus sign become larger as the temperature grows colder .
Eureka , NWT is a great example , going from - 43 °C to +43 °C ( - 45.4 °F to 109.4 °F ) with one missing “ M ” .
You would n’t notice METAR coding errors at the equator , because the temperature never gets below 0°C .
Nobody would have to code it .
In middle latitudes , you might see it happen , but it is much more seasonal and the difference is not that great .
For example :
M05/M08 to 05/M08 brings the temp from - 5 °C to +5 °C , but in a place like Boston , Chicago , Denver , etc a plus 5C temperature could easily happen in any winter month a - 5C temperature occurred .
So the error slips into the noise of “ weather ” , likely never to be noticed .
But it does bump up the temperature average a little bit for the month if uncorrected .
But in the Arctic and Antarctic , a missing M on a M20 / M25 METAR report makes a 40 °C difference when it becomes + 20 °C .
And it does n’t seem likely that we ’d see a winter month in Siberia or Antarctica that would normally hit 20 °C , so it does not get lost in the “ weather ” noise , but becomes a strong signal if uncorrected .
Confirmation bias , expecting to see polar amplification may be one reason why until now , nobody seems to have pointed it out .
Plus , the organizations that present surface derived climate data , GISS , CRU , only seem to deal in monthly and yearly averages .
Daily or hourly data is not presented that I am aware of , and so if errors occur at those time scales , they would not be noticed .
Obviously GISS did n’t notice the recent Finland error , even though it was glaringly obvious once plotted .
With NASA GISS admitting that missing minus signs contributed to the hot anomaly over Finland in March , and with the many METAR coding error events I ’ve demonstrated on opposite sides of the globe , it seems reasonable to conclude that our METAR data from cold places might very well be systemically corrupted with instances of coding errors .
The data shown between 4/13 and 4/15 were based on data downloaded on 4/12 and included some station reports from Finland in which the minus sign may have been dropped .
4/15/10 http://data.giss.nasa.gov/gistemp/
That darned missing M , or an extra space , or even writing “ - ” when you mean “ M ” ( which is counterintuituve to basic math ) all seem to have a factor in the human error contributing to data errors in our global surface temperature database .
To determine just how much of a problem this is , a comprehensive bottom up review of all the data , from source to product is needed .
This needs to start with NOAA / NCDC as they are ultimately responsible for data quality control .
It has been said that “ humans cause global warming ” .
I think a more accurate statement would be “ human error causes global warming ” .
Note :
In this post I ’ve demonstrated the errors .
In a later post , I hope to do some data analysis with the numbers provided to see how much effect these errors actually have .
Of course anyone who wants to do this is welcome to leave links to graphics and tables .
- Anthony
See these weather underground sites : Yakutsk ( Jakutsk )
http://www.wunderground.com/history/station/24959/2009/11/14/DailyHistory.html?req_city=NA&req_state=NA&req_statename=NA&MR=1
http://www.wunderground.com/history/wmo/24266/2009/11/13/DailyHistory.html?MR=1 and this one , is particularly interesting , because it shows a clear error in the 12:30 PM and 1 PM METAR report for that day http://www.wunderground.com/history/airport/UERR/2009/11/1/DailyHistory.html?req_city=NA&req_state=NA&req_statename=NA
12:00 PM - 5.8 °F - 9.4 °F 84 % 30.33 in – SW 11.2 mph 17.9 mph N/ A Clear UERR 010300Z 22005G08 MPS CAVOK M21/M23 Q1027 NOSIG RMK QFE738 24450245 69.8 °F - 9.4 °F 4 % 30.30 in 6.2 miles SW 11.2 mph 17.9 mph N/ A Unknown 12:30 PM4%inSWN / A Unknown UERR 010330Z 22005G08 MPS
9999 -SN 21/M23 Q1026 NOSIG RMK QFE738 24450245 68.0 °F - 7.6 °F 5 % 30.27 in 6.2 miles SW 11.2 mph 17.9 mph N/ A Unknown 1:00 PM5 % inSWN / A Unknown UERR 010400Z 22005G08 MPS
9999 -SN SCT100 OVC200 20/M22 Q1025 NOSIG RMK QFE737 24450245 - 4.0 °F - 7.6 °F 85 % 30.24 in 2.5 miles SSW 11.2 mph 17.9 mph N/ A Snow Light Snow 1:30 PM85 %inSSWN / A Snow Light Snow UERR 010430Z 21005G08 MPS
4000 - SN SCT100 OVC200 M20/M22 Q1024 NOSIG RMK QFE737 24450245
Note the missing ” M ” on the 1230 and 1 PM reports 21/ M23
Put that in this online METAR decoder : http://www.wx-now.com/Weather/MetarDecode.aspx and you get 70 F for 12:30 PM and 68 F for 1 PM man made global warming thanks to hand coded teletype report .
Reference for METAR decoding http://www.met.tamu.edu/class/METAR/quick-metar.html
Pilots will know its wrong and disregard , they mostly worry about baro pressure / altimeter and winds .
Temps on the ground are never as extreme as what aircraft experience in the air .
No incentive to correct this …not a big deal to aviation .
Here is what I think is going on : 1 ) Russian METAR is hand - coded from airports , thus prone to error .
put in a minus sign for M or make an M+space + temp / dp and you get the same thing .
example : UERR 010330Z 22005G08 MPS
9999 -SN -21/M23 Q1026 NOSIG RMK QFE738 24450245 gives 70 F in the online decoder above , later systems may strip the minus sign as being an invalid character in the report which is why we may not see it …or they just forget to add “ M ” either way , all we need is one of these per month .
2 ) or …character formatting western / cyrillic may contribute to missing or badly formatted characters in automated decoding .
Either way , there ’s our spurious Russian warming , and why we seem to have a permanent red spot there .
Here ’s what one off reading will do .
The city of Yakutsk , one of the coldest cities on earth , reported a high of 94˚F on December 14th with a low of - 35 ˚ F .
The average for the day , 30 ˚F , was some 67 ˚F above normal .. pushing the anomaly for the month of December from 3.6 ˚F above normal to 5.9 ˚F above normal … quite a shift !
It also happens in Antarctica : Dome C station http://www.wunderground.com/history/station/89828/2009/12/9/DailyHistory.html
Nico University of Wisconsin http://www.wunderground.com/history/station/89799/2009/12/9/DailyHistory.html?req_city=NA&req_state=NA&req_statename=NA
Admusen Scott Station http://www.wunderground.com/history/station/89009/2003/1/14/DailyHistory.html?req_city=NA&req_state=NA&req_statename=NA
Here is the list of sites with GHCN WMO numbers per this list : http://cdiac.ornl.gov/ftp/ndp041/temp.statinv
WMO number Station Name Day / Month / Year of error 24959 Yakutsk ( Jakutsk )
14/11/2009 http://www.wunderground.com/history/station/24959/2009/11/14/DailyHistory.html?req_city=NA&req_state=NA&req_statename=NA&MR=1 24266 Verhojansk
13/11/2009 http://www.wunderground.com/history/wmo/24266/2009/11/13/DailyHistory.html?MR=1 23955 ALEKSANDROVSKOE
11/12/2009 http://www.wunderground.com/history/airport/USNN/2009/12/11/DailyHistory.html?req_city=NA&req_state=NA&req_statename=NA
and also 01/16/2009 http://www.wunderground.com/history/airport/USNN/2009/1/16/DailyHistory.html?req_city=NA&req_state=NA&req_statename=NA and 02/02/2007 http://www.wunderground.com/history/airport/USNN/2007/2/2/DailyHistory.html?req_city=NA&req_state=NA&req_statename=NA
Sponsored IT training links :
Ultimate VCP - 410 practice files formulated by top experts to help you pass 220 - 702 and 640 - 822 exam in easy and fast way .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Employment Lawyer , Sexual Harassment and Disability Discrimination Attorney
If you have a disability and are being discriminated against at work , or if a supervisor has suggested a job - related benefit in exchange for sexual favors , our experienced lawyers can help .
If a co-worker continually subjects you to unwanted sexual overtures , stories , images , jokes or other sexual references , we also help .
Sexual harassment may be severe at times and may even include being a victim of sexual assault , battery or even rape .
If it happens at work or revolves around a work function , we can help you .
We put our experience and skills to work for you in every case .
We will provide top - notch representation in employment areas such as :
By By Andrew Moran Apr 4 , 2010 in Politics Hartford - Republican Senatorial candidate Peter Schiff criticized the current student loans program in the United States and believes the President 's latest bill will make the problem much worse .
The student loans overhaul , which was included in the recently signed health care reform legislation , will remove commercial banks from providing loans to students who attend a college or university .
Proponents of the measure say the bill will save $ 68 billion in taxpayers ’ money over the next 10 years .
However , the 47 - year - old author of “ Crash Proof 2.0 ” disagrees because the President ’s solution , says Schiff , to the government created problem will be exacerbated and a lot worse .
“ Loaning directly to students while reducing the amount a student is required to repay will actually encourage colleges and universities to increase tuitions even faster , as students will be more willing to assume larger debts which they are not legally required to repay , ” said Schiff .
Schiff , who foresaw the current economic collapse in the U.S. , added that the costs of student loans will rise and the cost to taxpayers will substantially increase as they pay for inflated tuition costs and take on losses on defaulted loans .
Despite being third place in recent polling for the Republican nomination in Connecticut , behind Linda McMahon and Rob Simmons , Schiff , reports the “ Scott Brown was a longshot .
Who thought he was going to win ? "
Peter Schiff , Senatorial candidate for the state of Connecticut and President of Euro Pacific Capital , does n’t think it was a good idea for President Barack Obama to overhaul the student loans program , according to the Hartford Courant
The student loans overhaul , which was included in the recently signed health care reform legislation , will remove commercial banks from providing loans to students who attend a college or university .
Proponents of the measure say the bill will save $ 68 billion in taxpayers ’ money over the next 10 years .
However , the 47 - year - old author of “ Crash Proof 2.0 ” disagrees because the President ’s solution , says Schiff , to the government created problem will be exacerbated and a lot worse .
“ Loaning directly to students while reducing the amount a student is required to repay will actually encourage colleges and universities to increase tuitions even faster , as students will be more willing to assume larger debts which they are not legally required to repay , ” said Schiff .
Schiff , who foresaw the current economic collapse in the U.S. , added that the costs of student loans will rise and the cost to taxpayers will substantially increase as they pay for inflated tuition costs and take on losses on defaulted loans .
Despite being third place in recent polling for the Republican nomination in Connecticut , behind Linda McMahon and Rob Simmons , Schiff , reports the Greenwich Times , would put a “ million bucks ” on himself “ 20 to 1 .
” “ Scott Brown was a longshot .
Who thought he was going to win ? "
More about Peter schiff , Obama , Student loans
More news from peter schiff barack obama student loans
No Value Added : The Mismeasurement of Teaching Quality
Last summer , the Obama administration announced the Race to the Top competition , and planted the seeds for some serious changes in American public school systems .
This spring , those seeds are bearing a bitter fruit , with state legislatures around the country rushing to enact reforms that are aligned with the new federal priorities .
American teachers find themselves battered and weary already in a reactionary and defensive mode after nearly a decade 's worth of No Child Left Behind , we 're now in a fight to preserve our profession .
The worst part of it , as we see it , is that the dollars our states are chasing will do little to improve teaching or schools .
Why are many teachers so angry ?
We 're tired of being the scapegoats for the failures of an entire system .
An echo chamber of major media outlets and pandering politicians have inflated real problems into existential crises , using " shock doctrine " to pave the way for favored , simplistic solutions .
Teachers are frustrated that the supposed solutions are reforms selected without a basis in research , touted without proven results , and legislated without teacher input .
Secretary of Education Arne Duncan strikes many of us as particularly tone deaf on some of the key issues of the day , including the use ( and misuse ) of standardized tests .
" Data - driven " is the mantra in education today regardless of the quality of the data or how contorted the use of it .
And one of the cornerstones of Race to the Top is the mandate to link student achievement data to teachers , for purposes of teacher evaluation .
Woe to the teachers who dare point out the problems with this approach .
We are branded defenders of the status quo , obstructionists operating out of self - interest rather than looking out for the children .
Yet one the clearest admonishments against using test scores for teacher evaluation comes not from teachers , but from a joint statement by the American Educational Research Association , the American Psychological Association , and the National Council on Measurement in Education :
Tests valid for one use may be invalid for another .
Each separate use of a high - stakes test , for individual certification , for school evaluation , for curricular improvement , for increasing student motivation , or for other uses requires a separate evaluation of the strengths and limitations of both the testing program and the test itself .
Additional studies have found that if one attempts to rank teachers by using their students ' test scores , even using value - added measurements , the rankings shift depending on the test used and the rankings fluctuate in unpredictable ways over time .
None of this surprises teachers , because we live every moment of our teaching lives in an environment far too complex for bubble tests and silver bullets .
I have come to believe that our greatest obstacle in education reform is a kind of willful denial of that complicated reality .
Attempting to puncture that bubble of blissful ignorance , I recently wrote a series of blog posts at InterACT , a group blog produced by Accomplished California Teachers .
In our efforts to advance good teaching , ACT will soon be publishing a policy brief that contains numerous recommendations for improving teacher evaluations , but at the moment , it is also urgent that we expose the flawed assumptions about the use of state tests for teacher evaluation .
A Lack of Understanding
My arguments on the InterACT blog have been built around a series of questions for policymakers and others who call for greater use of standardized tests :
Do you understand my job , my students , or my school ?
Regarding my job , state standards instruct me to develop students ' skills in four broad areas : reading , writing , listening , and speaking .
The state tests claim to measure some of the reading standards and some of the writing standards , so even if we take that claim at face value , tests could only possibly assess my teaching in portions of two out of four broad standards areas .
But I do not accept the test 's claims .
Asking students multiple choice questions about reading is an assessment approach with only marginal value , and it is just plain preposterous to claim we can assess student writing without the students actually writing .
So are advocates really suggesting that my work can be properly evaluated based on an obscured glimpse at a fraction of my job ?
It appears so .
And do policymakers really understand my students ?
The policies they advocate require acceptance of a huge and totally unwarranted assumption that student performance on state tests reflects their understanding .
There are struggling students who resent and distrust tests , and fill in random answers , and there are more capable students who simply tire out or lose focus after an hour , or two , or three , or four , or nine .
There are highly capable students who work themselves to exhaustion on homework , but rush through state tests and settle for whatever score they 'll get .
And why not ?
The tests have no meaning or consequences for students , and the data devotees have no way of controlling for this all - important variable .
Policymakers who ignore the problem or believe it does n't matter are kidding themselves , and doing all of us a disservice .
I dedicated two blog posts to the question , " Do You Understand My School ? "
Here ’s my argument :
Two of the most important tenets in the use of tests , and in conducting research , relate to sample size and randomization .
If standardized tests have any value at all , it is partly due to their sample size .
Give fifty students a test and you can't be sure that their performance will be representative of the larger group of students their age in their state .
Give the same test to 50,000 students and you might be able to draw some conclusions .
State tests are designed to work on that much larger scale .
In my group of fifty sophomores , each student represents two percent of the total .
So slight differences can add up to significant percentages ; if five of my students share a cold or flu virus around the time of the test , ten percent of " my " scores are affected .
To protect against test flaws , there are also many different versions of the tests , but no measures to ensure that those versions are evenly distributed among my small group of students .
Of course , referring to any group as " my " students overlooks the fact that they have many other teachers and classes , where students read texts and practice reading skills that relate to the test they 'll take in " my " subject area .
Some students also have academic support classes or tutoring .
So - called value - added measures supposedly distinguish my influence from all these others , but only with enough data .
If we can't even identify , let alone quantify all the influences of various teachers , tutors , and curricula , we cannot reliably determine how much data is enough , nor should we infer causation from any observed trends in the data .
Unreliable Measures
Another challenge for value - added measurement is that I do n't teach a random fifty sophomores .
I teach students whose schedules worked out so that they ended up in my class .
Depending on the placement of honors or remedial classes elsewhere in the schedule , my sophomores might be clustered on either side of the median skill level for their grade .
I might have more or less than the average number of students with learning differences , depending on a number of scheduling or administrative factors .
Small sample sizes that are n't randomized prevent us from assuming that my sophomore classes match those of my colleagues , or that my sophomore classes this year resemble my sophomore classes last year .
And yet policymakers seemingly ignore these issues , forcing us to accept evaluations based on a deeply flawed process .
An even more egregiously faulty assumption is that schools are similar enough from year to year to permit value - added measurements of state tests .
Next year 's changes at my school will include the following : a new principal , new assistant principal , new district administrator (s ) for curriculum and instruction , expanded block scheduling ( from two days to four ) , new time allotted for student tutorials and studying , new time allotment for professional development , new technology resources , and major new construction at multiple parts of the campus , displacing almost a fifth of our classes .
How could we possibly disentangle the effects of all these changes when we 're examining test results ?
Furthermore , to use those results for teacher evaluation , you must assume that these school changes do not affect teachers , or affect all teachers equally .
Otherwise , you 're running a chemistry experiment in variable conditions using a half - dozen unknown compounds and telling me the results are still valid .
If you concede that next year is an exception and maybe we should n't rely on those scores , then I have to ask which year can be considered " normal " and serve as a benchmark ?
Do we have a reliable measure of institutional stability ?
To those who argue that I make too much of exceptional circumstances , I respond that in education , exceptions viewed collectively are the rule .
No student , class , teacher or school is without exceptional elements .
Use the tests at the state level and it 's possible to even those things out .
Use state tests at the school level , ignoring the purpose for which they were designed , and you stumble over one exception after another .
I would like to assume that Secretary Duncan is familiar with this information .
I would like to know why it does n't seem to matter to him , or to any of the state - level policymakers and think tank analysts who insist on going down this path of bubble test mania .
To give Duncan some credit , I 've heard him say that we need much better , more robust tests .
But some of those tests already exist , so Duncan would be more credible on this issue if he would take steps to promote their use , rather than propel us towards fatally flawed teacher evaluations based on what he seems to admit are inferior measures .
Web Only
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Back to Top
Gpu Vs Cpu Supercomputing Security Shootout ( Shmoocon 2010 )
Description : < div style = " text - align : justify ; " >
This is the video of the presentation titled " < span style = " font - weight : bold ; " > GPU vs CPU Supercomputing Security Shootout </ span > " given by Collin Brack at Shmoocon 2010 .< br > < br >< span style = " font - weight : bold ; " > Abstract </ span > :
You have the fastest Intel / AMD processor in a 500 mile radius thanks to your custom built quad - core , liquid nitrogen cooled , overclocked 5.0 Ghz CPU monster .
Prepare to be summarily beat down , computationally speaking , by the kid next door who just bought the latest Nvidia GPU to play WOW at 80 fps .
Video cards , fueled by the gaming industry , have leap - frogged ( pun intended ) the processing power of the general purpose CPU for certain computational tasks .
The rise of the multi-processor based general purpose GPU ( GPGPU ) platform is taking academia by storm due to its low costs and low barrier to entry into modern day supercomputing .
The security community has already embraced the GPU for heavy lifting as have other fields especially when coupled with the sleek marketing efforts by Nvidia and their CUDA development environment , and competing GPU computing platforms from ATI and OpenCL .
This 20 minutes session will chronicle the rise of the GPU in high performance computing and will highlight GPU vs. CPU benchmarks of well known security tools including : aircrack ( 10 x speed - up ) , Pyrit ( 8x ) , CUDA Multiforcer , BarsWF MD5 cracker ( 3x ) , RainbowCrack multi-GPU CUDA version , and more .
Finally , links and tips regarding implementing CUDA in Back | Track 4 are shared .< br >< br style = " font - weight : bold ; " >< span style = " font - weight : bold ; " > Author Bio< / span > : Collin Brack is a healthcare informatics and medical imaging consultant with experience in computational clusters .
He works in academia where he focuses on high performance computing with medical physics researchers .
His latest cluster is based on high - end graphics processors to achieve performance gains previously only available to multi-million dollar big iron .
He has published and presented on the topics of system design , grid computing , and disaster recovery .< br >< br > You can download the high resolution video here .
< br >< br> Below is the embed of the presentation .
< br >< br >< div style = " width : 425 px ; " id=" __ss_3343182 " >GPU vs CPU Supercomputing Security Shootout < object height = " 355 " width = " 425 " >< param name = " movie " value= " http://static.slidesharecdn.com/swf/ssplayer2.swf?doc=shmooconpresentationgpushootout-100305071203-phpapp02&rel=0&stripped_title=gpu-vs-cpu-supercomputing-security-shootout " >< param name= " allowFullScreen " value = " true " >< param name= " allowScriptAccess " value= " always " >< embed src= " http://static.slidesharecdn.com/swf/ssplayer2.swf?doc=shmooconpresentationgpushootout-100305071203-phpapp02&rel=0&stripped_title=gpu-vs-cpu-supercomputing-security-shootout " type=" application/x-shockwave -flash " allowscriptaccess =" always " allowfullscreen = " true " height = " 355 " width = " 425 " ></ object >< div style= " padding : 5 px 0pt 12 px ; " > View more presentations from SecurityTube .
Net.</div></div><style type =" text /css " > body { background : # FFF ; } </style > </div >
Tags : fun ,
Disclaimer :
We are a infosec video aggregator and this video is linked from an external website .
The original author may be different from the user re-posting / linking it here .
Please do not assume the authors to be same without verifying .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Joel Sartore 's photograph of gentle Bryn is a permanent record , but she has been lost forever .
The Columbia Basin pygmy rabbit died in 2008 shortly after the picture was taken .
She was the last of her kind .
Sartore , who has worked for the National Geographic Society for two decades , called the brief shooting session with the doomed rabbit a " solemn occasion , " knowing she would not be around much longer .
Bryn is one of dozens of animals profiled in a new book , " Rare : Portraits of America 's Endangered Species , " by the award - winning photographer .
See more portraits
Sartore , a Nebraska native , traveled the country to get glimpses of 69 species -- red wolves , Hawaiian orchids , hellbenders ( a prehistoric - looking salamander ) , and sea turtles -- all now or once hanging on the verge of extinction .
As the United States celebrated Earth Day on Thursday , Sartore talked with CNN recently about his passion for raising awareness about preserving the variety of animal and plant life before it is too late .
CNN : This may be the only chance for most readers to see these beautiful , rare creatures .
Joel Sartore :
Whatever press these animals get is really minimal .
Even some of the animals we call " charismatic mega - fauna " -- like whooping cranes , California condors -- they do n't get enough press , so can you imagine the Pyne 's ground - plum or the Mount Graham red squirrel -- what odds to they have to ever get even their 15 minutes of fame nationally ?
The goal is really to get people first aware of these always amazing plants and animals and to get them to care , before it 's too late .
A lot of the things that are going away are very small , little plants and invertebrates .
CNN : This book expanded on a National Geographic magazine feature from several years ago .
Why do an entire book ?
Sartore : I was always interested in endangered species , mainly why we let it happen .
If we wo n't save our own plants and animals , how can we expect poorer nations to do that ?
So it 's always been a bit of an outrage to me that we can let things disappear into extinction .
CNN : You decided not to shoot your subjects in the wild , in their natural habitats .
Instead you chose simple indoor backgrounds .
Was that a practical or artistic consideration ?
Sartore : I needed to drive the point home that the small things are as important , if not more so , than the big things , and I figured by putting them on black and white backgrounds , it would make a rare butterfly as " impactful " as a polar bear .
It is a great equalizer , and I tried to capture the intimacy and essence of each plant or animal .
It 's really hard to show something like an Iowa Pleistocene snail in a dramatic way when it 's the size of a pencil lead and it lives in a kind of in a crack in a rock .
If I shot in the wild , I would have had to pass on a lot of small creatures because I could n't figure out a way to make the picture sexy enough .
CNN : Does taking them out of their natural habitats remove some of the connection with the reader , that these animals exist in a larger wild environment ?
Sartore :
That really was n't a concern .
I 'm desperate to get somebody to care , right now .
I have to make as dramatic a picture as I can .
The American public cares a lot more about what 's on TV and the price at the pump .
That 's sometimes all they care about , so my job is to get people to stop and think in any way I can that we 're talking about a matter of life and death .
There 's such a disconnect now between humans and the natural world , and it gets worse every year .
CNN : Many of these rare animals exist near human habitation , accessible to people who might want to seek them out .
Sartore :
That 's true , but it 's sad the disconnect from nature is so great that guys like me are having to turn the volume up any way we can on images to try to get people to care before all these species go away .
We lost five birds in the turn of the last century , including the passenger pigeon .
I 'm seeing this acceleration I never thought would happen in my lifetime -- I thought I 'd have a lot more time -- for literally thousands of species , and it 's just very hard to get anybody excited about it , which stuns me .
CNN : You shot an ocelot , a neotropical wildcat that ventures into extreme south Texas and Arizona .
Sartore :
It would n't stay still .
It was trained to walk on a leash at the San Diego Zoo , and we got seven minutes with him before he got full .
He 'll stay in a certain area and not get antsy if you give him treats .
The moment he fills up , he 's done .
For the grizzly bear , we painted an exhibit area white at the Sedgwick County Zoo in Wichita .
That bear was pacing the whole time , so we took pictures of him as we could .
Most of the time , the animals are n't happy about it , but this is the only chance they 'll get to be seen and so the ends justify the means .
Most of the time , it 's a really quick process .
CNN : What surprises readers most ?
Sartore :
The one comment I get from people is :
Wow , I had no idea that these things exist and that they 're intricate , interesting and beautiful .
And they did n't know they are on the edge of not existing .
I 'm hoping these pictures give a voice to the voiceless , that they allow some of these things that are living in forgotten marshes or some breeding facility that does n't have enough funding , that they allow these species to be heard at least once before they go away .
CNN.com : The American burying beetle is not well known , but nevertheless is important to the planet .
Sartore : The St. Louis Zoo has a successful breeding program .
That 's an insect that was thought to go into extreme decline after the passenger pigeon went away because it's an animal that will actually bury the carcass of a dead bird or a rodent , and then create a nest chamber near it and then the parents shovel food back and forth to the young .
So when billions of passenger pigeons were shot and disappeared , there went the carcasses , ( and ) the beetle was taken down with it .
They 've been rediscovered in a few states , but having undisturbed habitat is critical for this animal .
CNN.com :
Why should people care , and what can they do about it ?
Sartore : Many of the stories we tell are sad ones -- not all .
There are many stories of hope -- the California condor , whooping crane , black - footed ferret , bald eagle , and the American alligator .
So people can and have done good things .
We can make great choices every day to help our planet .
Every time we spend money we can help the planet , if we act responsibly .
But if we do n't turn things around , things are going to get very uncomfortable .
My job is to make great pictures and get people to see what 's going on .
It 's not hopeless , we can turn things around , but we have to first realize there 's a problem .
Hopelessness does n't get us anywhere .
It 's just a matter of getting people to realize what 's at stake .
Most of these species are failing because their habitat is being chewed up .
It 's folly to think that as animals ourselves , we can let the rest of the world go to hell but we 'll be just fine .
We 're all interconnected .
When I first meet a training , or coaching client , I normally ask , “ How much would you like to change your weight ? ”
Most of them pause , shrug their shoulders , and then reply , “ I ’m not sure , maybe … ” then take a guess at how much weight they want to lose .
The amount of weight you want to lose ( or gain ) does n’t have to be a guessing game .
There ’s a formula to calculate your goal weight more precisely so you can have that magic number in your head that motivates you to eat well and train hard .
Old Ideal Body Weight Formula : BMI
The most common method of measuring your ideal weight is using the Body Mass Index ( BMI ) , which measures the relationship between your weight and your height .
Do you notice anything wrong with the traditional BMI calculation , which is used in almost every weight loss study ?
It does n’t take into account your body fat percentage !
In fact , Ancel Keys is given credit for popularizing BMI in a 1972 paper , but he explicitly stated BMI was appropriate for population studies , NOT individual diagnoses .
Using BMI , just about every NFL football player is considered obese , even though most have very low body fat percentages .
Conversely , the number of “ overfat ” Americans is believed to be higher than what BMI predicts .
You do n’t have to be overweight by the BMI Index to be considered “ overfat ” on a body fat basis .
BuiltLean.com Ideal Body Weight Formula
It turns out there ’s a MUCH better way to calculate your ideal weight that takes into account your body fat percentage .
Here it is :
Lean Body Mass / ( 1 – Desired Body Fat Percentage )
where Lean Body Mass ( LBM ) = Your Body Weight – ( Your Body Weight x Your Current Body Fat Percentage )
Just to be clear , your LBM is your “ fat free ” mass , in other words , everything in your body that ’s not fat : your bones , blood , muscle , and organs .
Let me give you an example of this ideal body weight formula in action so you can see why it ’s so useful .
Let ’s take Jake who is 200 pounds and has 22 % body fat .
Using this information , we know that his LBM is 156 pounds and the amount of body fat he has is 44 pounds .
So what should Jake ’s ideal weight be ?
Well that ’s really up to him .
For most men , a mid double digit body fat percentage of say 15 % is considered pretty good .
Here ’s a chart for your reference :
So now , here ’s the important part .
We are going to assume Jake does n’t lose any muscle because he has been following all the tips I ’ve discussed so far on BuiltLean.com .
So keeping his LBM at 156 pounds , Jake needs to drop 16 pounds of fat to reach his desired body fat percentage of 15 % .
His ideal weight is 184 pounds in this scenario .
Here ’s how Jake ’s ideal body weight calculation looks :
156 / ( 1 – 0.15 ) = 184 pounds
See how valuable this is now ?
Your body weight does n’t have to be a guessing game anymore .
I ’ll be following up with some articles on the various ways to calculate your body fat percentage .
For now , I advise going to your local gym and having one of the trainers do a skin fold body fat measurement , or you can grab an Accu- Measure Personal Body Fat Caliper for $ 6 at Amazon.com and do it yourself ( it ’s surprisingly accurate for most people ) .
I hope this has cleared up some confusion for you and highlighted the importance of thinking about your weight in terms of your body fat percentage .
Insurgents in Afghanistan think last year was their most successful year of operations since 2002 , according to a new Pentagon report .
That perception stems from a plentiful supply of weapons , including roadside bombs , and money , and also from the narrative in Washington for the last several years that the US was losing the Afghanistan war .
But armed with the confidence that comes from a surge of 100,000 American forces , US officials now believe they are on the cusp of change , and that insurgent perceptions of their own strength will begin to change , too .
“ We have the beginnings for the potential for real change , ” says a senior defense official , who spoke on background to reporters at the Pentagon .
The defense official spoke as the Pentagon released a progress report on Afghanistan that the defense official characterized as a “ serious and sober ” illustration of the challenges the US faces there .
Six months ago , the Pentagon issued a similar report that showed that security was stable , not declining , but “ fragile . ”
Today it appears as if the military is still in wait - and - see mode .
The trends are mixed .
Insurgents losing popular support
For example , insurgent groups are losing favor among the Afghan people , says the report .
And according to a poll taken last month , 52 percent of Afghans believe insurgents are the greatest source of insecurity .
On the other hand , only about 24 percent of the population supports the government of Afghanistan in 121 of the districts that are critical to turning the country .
“ The establishment of effective governance is a critical enabler for improving development and security , ” the report says .
Meanwhile , the number of attacks against coalition forces is up , too .
For example , since President Obama announced the surge in December , insurgents have staged hundreds more roadside bomb attacks over last year .
In the southern region , for example , where the violence is the highest , there were roughly 550 roadside bombs – bombs that exploded or devices that were found and cleared with detonating – in October 2009 .
Last month , there were nearly 800 .
Overall , the number of roadside bombs or bomb discoveries increased 236 percent over last year .
There were a total of 4,617 incidents between October 2009 and March 2010 .
“ The overall Afghan insurgent strategy going into 2010 is to counter ISAF [ International Security Assistance Force ] expansion and cause casualties to international partner forces with the expanded use of [ roadside bombs ] and suicide bombings , while undermining efforts by the Afghan government to improve governance and increase influence around the urban centers of Kandahar and Kabul , ” according to the report .
The report on Afghanistan , mandated by Congress every six months , shows that the insurgency can boast a number of strengths .
These range from the speed of its “ information operations ” – exploiting attacks against coalition forces to convince the population that the US is losing , for example – to the insurgents ’ ability to intimidate that population through “ targeted killings and threats . ”
Increasingly sophisticated attacks
The report also noted that “ insurgents ’ tactics , techniques and procedures for conducting complex attacks are increasing in sophistication and strategic effect . ”
But the trends will favor the US and NATO in coming months as the number of American troops Mr. Obama ordered to Afghanistan arrive there and more of the population centers can be protected , defense officials say .
At the same time , the strength of the Afghan national security forces , including the army and police , will improve over time .
Insurgent groups are so decentralized , and command - and - control sometimes so difficult , that they are often less effective than they can be , according to the report .
And , few groups are on the same page : “ Persistent fissures among insurgent leadership persist at the local levels , ” the report says .
Pakistani officials have made a series of high - profile , recent arrests of top Taliban and other insurgent leaders in Pakistan .
That has triggered “ concerned chatter ” among intelligence sources about the future of the insurgency .
But it has as not yet translated to an insurgency that is significantly degraded , the defense official said .
Related :
Precedent suggests Afghanistan Taliban could win : report
Afghanistan war : How Taliban tactics are evolving
Although I 'm not a lifeguard , I can tell a blue sky from a thunderstorm .
Following a series of astonishing revelations over recent weeks , which have further demolished common misperceptions regarding the structure of the global gold and silver markets , you do n't have to carry a whistle or dab zinc on your nose to know that investors need to climb out of the unallocated gold pool .
Scores of investors attempt to procure gold and silver exposure through unallocated bullion holdings , often referred to as pooled accounts .
Touting lower storage or administrative fees than allocated accounts , these unallocated holdings are generally presented as similarly secure , with the major difference being that investors stake claim merely to a given quantity of bullion , rather than specific numbered pieces ( as in allocated accounts ) .
Check for water before you dive in
Here 's where the storm clouds begin to appear .
Back in 2008 , around the same time that I was documenting a palpable shortage of physical supply in the marketplace , investor Harvey Organ 's son , Lenny , noticed a huge discrepancy between spot prices for silver and the substantial premiums being charged for physical bullion at the time .
Concerned for his family 's bullion holdings , and despite reassurance from his father that the metal had to be there , Lenny sought access to the main bullion vault of ScotiaMocatta , a division of Bank of Nova Scotia ( NYSE : BNS ) .
On Sept. 3 , 2008 , Lenny and his bullion broker were reportedly granted entry into the only official bullion bank storage facility in Canada .
According to Lenny , the unallocated portion of the vault 's holdings was minimal , permitting a simple visual inventory that suggests a present - day market value beneath $ 100 million .
In an interview with King World News , Harvey and Lenny Organ last week revealed that this was why Harvey had been invited to testify at last month 's landmark hearings in Washington , D.C. , conducted by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) .
Empty vaults mean empty promises
Digging further into this breaking story , I spoke with Adrian Douglas , the GATA ( Gold Antitrust Action Committee ) board member who assisted Harvey Organ at the CFTC hearing .
Douglas explained :
It highlights that unallocated is n't what most people think it is .
I think most people would be shocked .
They 're buying this gold and silver expecting it to be a low - risk investment , when in fact it 's a high - risk investment .
It 's an unsecured investment , backed only by the assets of the bank .
The stinging irony here , of course , is that investors seek out precious - metals exposure precisely to escape the sorts of shenanigans that have proven so very prevalent among other sorts of financial instruments over the past few years .
Douglas continued :
This is not to say that all unallocated storage is like this , but investors need to do their due diligence and find out .
Otherwise , investors are essentially making interest - free loans to the bank , with which they might buy gold and silver if they see fit .
Actually , it 's a negative interest rate , because you have to pay them so - called storage and insurance fees .
A troy ounce of context
The presumed sanctity of unallocated gold and silver holdings was called into serious question last month , when commodity consultant Jeffrey Christian insinuated that supply in the over - the - counter ( OTC ) metals market is leveraged 100 - to - 1 over the actual physical supply of underlying metal ( see the first link above ) .
At the same hearing , GATA chairman Bill Murphy presented allegations of gold and silver price - suppression by bullion banks such as JPMorgan Chase ( NYSE : JPM ) and HSBC ( NYSE : HBC ) .
Revelations from London metals trader ( turned whistleblower ) Andrew Maguire heaped additional corroboration onto evidence that GATA has been building for more than a decade .
As a result , I urged investors to give careful consideration to their choice of bullion investment vehicles , and pointed out that the custodians of popular proxies like the SPDR Gold Trust ( NYSE : GLD ) and the iShares Silver Trust ( NYSE : SLV ) are the very same bullion banks alleged by GATA to maintain massive short positions on the COMEX .
Keep your head above water
If you hold unallocated gold or silver bullion certificates issued by one of the major bullion banks , I urge you to consider that this segment of the market may collectively lack an adequate physical supply of metal to satisfy claims , in the event that any significant proportion of investors tender their paper certificates for physical bullion .
If the alleged leverage pervading the over - the - counter ( OTC ) markets and the futures exchanges is ground to a halt by increasing physical demand , the scarcity of supply will become more pronounced still .
Just as the banks essentially wagered that mortgage values would never decline , it seems that a similarly dangerous wager may yet be on the table : a bet that gold and silver investors will never call the bluff of a massive paper - based shell game .
James Gosling , the creator of the Java programming language , has resigned from Oracle , he announced in a blog entry on Friday
Gosling resigned on April 2 and has not yet taken a job elsewhere , he reported .
" As to why I left , it 's difficult to answer : just about anything I could say that would be accurate and honest would do more harm than good , " he wrote .
Gosling was the chief technology officer for Oracle 's client software group and , before that , the chief technology officer of Sun 's developer products group .
In 1991 , heled a small group of engineers in a project , then called Oak , to build an object - oriented programming language that would run on a virtual machine , which would allow programs to run on multiple platforms , such as television set - top boxes .
This work evolved into Java , which took off in conjunction with the growing use of the Internet , thanks in part to its inclusion into the Netscape browser .
Gosling follows a number of other noted ex-Sun employees out the door since Oracle 's purchase of the company was finalized in January , including CEO Jonathan Schwartz , and XML co-inventor Tim Bray .
Less than a month ago , Gosling had stressed the importance of Java to Oracle .
" Oracle has certainly been incredibly committed to keeping Java and the whole ecosystem as strong and as healthy as can be , " he said , during a talk at a Java symposium in Las Vegas .
But around the same time he also expressed dismay over the growing politicization of the Java Community Process .
Fellow ex-Sun alumni
Bray tweeted that he was " astounded that Gosling held on so long . "
The Olympic stadium at Sochi is being built to tight deadlines
By Richard Galpin
BBC News , Moscow
A senior scientist has told the BBC he has fled Russia to avoid arrest after warning of a possible disaster in the run-up to - or even during - the next Winter Olympics .
The games are due to be held in the southern Russian city of Sochi in 2014 .
Dr Sergei Volkov , a former consultant to the Sochi Winter Olympics , is in hiding in southern Ukraine because he fears being detained by Russian authorities on trumped - up criminal charges .
He says he refused to keep quiet after discovering that the massive construction programme was forging ahead without essential research into the region 's complex geology and ecology .
" It 's a potentially dangerous area , " said Dr Volkov , a geologist by profession .
Dr Sergei Volkov says landslides are a possibility
He gave the interview in a small room where he now lives with just a laptop , an internet connection and a few books and files .
" There have been big landslides in the past and there are large deposits of mercury , uranium and other potentially dangerous minerals .
But all scientific advice is being ignored , " he said .
He believes the government took the political decision to hold the games before they had thought through how much preliminary work was needed in the area .
Shortly after arriving in Ukraine , Dr Volkov wrote an open letter to Russian President Dmitry Medvedev warning him of the dangers .
He sent his letter after a storm destroyed a new cargo port being built in Sochi for the Olympics .
" Not a particularly strong storm destroyed this important infrastructure project , " he wrote .
" At least $ 14 m [ of work ] was washed away by the sea , to say nothing of the lives of [ three ] seamen .
" And this serious catastrophe with the loss of human life is just the start of similar accidents which will follow , " he warned .
Warnings ' ignored '
What happened at the port is evidence , Dr Volkov believes , of his worst fears coming true .
In pictures : Sochi Olympic project
He says building work began last year without basic research into local geology and weather patterns .
He had warned that it was not a suitable place for a port , but says he was ignored .
Now one of his biggest concerns is an $ 8bn ( £ 5 bn ) project for a new road and rail link between Olympic venues being built on the Black Sea coast near Sochi and venues in the mountains .
It is supposed to be a centre - piece of the infrastructure development in the area .
Pile - drivers , cranes , bulldozers and cement - mixers are transforming a long , beautiful valley containing the Mzymta River into a frenetic industrial landscape .
It is one of the main reasons the Worldwide Fund for Nature ( WWF ) warned in February that " preparation for the Olympics is out of control , construction is of poor quality and vast damage to the environment has already been done " .
I pray to God that there will not be any consequences .
The only thing we can do is pray and hope
Sergei Avdeev , mayor of Krasnaya Polyana But Dr Volkov 's main worry is not for the environment .
He fears the builders are cutting a swathe through the valley up towards the mountains without taking into account how unstable the area is geologically .
He refers to a massive landslide in the late 1960s and warns there could be a repeat .
" The road is being built and tunnels dug in this same district , " he says .
" This is seriously affecting the mountains . "
Active landslide Driving along the old road between the coast and the high peaks , we found an active landslide being cleared by excavators to protect traffic passing beneath .
Higher up next to the ski slopes Sergei Avdeev , mayor of Krasnaya Polyana - the village nearest the Olympic sites - told us he shared Dr Volkov 's worries .
He said he had considered resigning over the issue .
" When the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) awarded the games to Russia , they knew full well that Russia did not have enough time to do proper research and build all the facilities in line with international environmental and construction standards , " he says .
" I pray to God that there will not be any consequences .
The only thing we can do is pray and hope . "
In answers e-mailed to the BBC , the IOC dismissed these concerns .
" Construction of the facilities , related infrastructure , and safety issues are the responsibility of the Russian organisers and the government , " it said .
" We are confident in the research they did prior to the start of construction and the work they are undertaking now . "
Allegations that corners are being cut in the rush to meet deadlines are also strongly denied by the main state - owned Olympic construction company , Olimpstroi .
" It 's not a secret that Sochi has a very tough geological landscape , " says Alexandra Kosterina , the main spokesperson .
" But all necessary research has been done ... and we are building everything in line with international standards and with recommendations from the IOC . "
The Sochi 2014 project is Russia 's first experience of hosting the Winter Olympics .
The prestige of the country is at stake and it cannot afford to make any mistakes .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
by
Softbank , Japan ’s largest broadband provider announced the launch of “ HTC Desire ( X06HT ) ” for the late April 2010 .
Softbank ’s first Android smart phone will come along with Android 2.1
HTC Desire X06HT ( SoftBank / HTC ) :
via Weekly ASCII ( Japan )
Softbank X06HT
Specs
3.7 ” AMOLED touchscreen with a WVGA resolution .
5 Mpix CMOS Camera module with AL & LED Flash
W- CDMA & GSM
GPS , Bluetooth , HTC Sense
1GHz Snapdragon CPU
60 x 119 x 11.9 mm 135g
“ … the Japanese HTC Desire is the very same as its foreign brother ” via Akihabara News
HTC Mobile is a Taiwanese cell phone manufacturer that has been making a lot of noise with the introduction of interesting new Smartphones in the last few years , and HTC is always good for its remarkable technical specifications such as the case of the HTC Desire .
Check this video about the
HTC Desire ( X06HT ) with voice search for Google Maps
By reducing the file size of your CSS , JavaScript and images , as well as the number of unnecessary browser requests made to your site , load time of your applications pages can be drastically reduced , not to mention the load on your server .
Yahoo have created a list of the 35 best practices to speed up your website , a recommended read for any web developer .
I wanted to summarize a few I recently implemented in a Django application .
In a nutshell :
Serve compressed static media files .
This one is obvious , the smaller the file size , the quicker it is to download .
Once a browser has already downloaded the static media , it should n't have to download it again .
This is what actually happens , as the server will respond with 304 Not Modified , which means that the cached file is still up - to - date .
However , the HTTP request is still sent .
This is unnecessary and should be avoided by setting the HTTP Expire header to a date in the future .
When files are updated , you need to give them a new URL so the browser will request them .
This is referred to as versioning .
A common scheme is to use the modification time / date of the file in its URL , either as part of the name or in the query string .
This is obviously tedious and error prone , so automation is required .
Django - Compress ( CSS / JS compression and auto-versioning )
django - compress provides an automated system for compressing CSS and JavaScript files , with built in support for auto-versioning .
I was pleasantly surprised by the ease of integration , and was up and running within a couple of minutes .
Installation
Firstly , django - compress depends on csstidy , so lets install it .
apt - get update apt - get install csstidy
Now , grab the latest tarball from github .
wget http://github.com/pelme/django-compress/tarball/master
Unpack and add it to your site ( or the Python path ) .
tar - zxf pelme - django - compress -*.tar.gz cp - a pelme- django - compress -*/ compress /path/to/django/apps/compress
Update settings.py to enabled django - compress , auto - updates , and versioning .
# settings.py COMPRESS = True COMPRESS_AUTO = True COMPRESS_VERSION
= True ...
INSTALLED_APPS = ( ... ' compress ' , )
Configuration
Configure which CSS and JavaScript files to compress and auto-version .
# settings.py COMPRESS_CSS = { ' screen ' : { ' source_filenames ' : ( 'css/style.css ' , 'css/foo.css ' , 'css/bar.css ' ) , ' output_filename ' : ' compress/screen.?.css ' , ' extra_context ' : { ' media ' : ' screen , projection ' , } , } , } COMPRESS_JS = { ' all ' : { ' source_filenames ' : ( 'js/ jquery - 1.2.3.js ' , 'js/jquery-preload.js ' ) ' output_filename ' : ' compress/all.?.js ' , } , }
Note : The ' ? ' will be substituted with the epoch time ( I.e. , the version ) .
I hate hardcoding , it 's just too error prone and not scalable , so I used this primitive helper function to auto - generate the required configuration .
# utils .py import os # generate config for django - compression # alpha-numeric ordering for customization as required def compress_cfg ( media_root , dir , output ) : files = os.listdir(os.path.join(media_root , dir ) ) files.sort ( ) return {' source_filenames ' : tuple ( os. path .join( dir , f ) for f in files ) , ' output_filename ' : output}
Using the above helper function , the hardcoded files can be replaced with the following for auto - generation ( after MEDIA_ROOT is defined ) .
# settings.py from utils import compress_cfg ...
COMPRESS_CSS = {' screen ' : compress_cfg(MEDIA_ROOT , 'css ' , ' compress/screen.?.css ') } COMPRESS_JS = {'all ' : compress_cfg( MEDIA_ROOT , 'js ' , ' compress/all.?.js ' ) }
Usage
Now you can update your templates to use the compressed auto- versioned files , for example :
{ % load compressed %} < html > < head > { % compressed_css ' screen ' %} { % compressed_js ' all ' %} </ head > ...
Image optimization and versioning
With regards to image optimization , take a look at Liraz 's post on PNG vs JPG : 6 simple lessons you can learn from our mistakes .
It would be great if django - compress supported image versioning , but it currently does n't .
I found this nice snippet which provides a template tag for asset versioning , such as images , but it only solves half the problem , the other half being images specified in CSS .
If you need to go the image versioning route , a more complete solution is django - static , which also does CSS / JS compression , though I prefer django - compress .
Currently , I have not implemented image versioning .
Its just not worth the complexity as I do n't have too many images , and have no plans to change them , often , hopefully .
The Expires Header is good enough for now .
( Pre-mature optimization is the root of all evil ) .
HTTP Expire header
As discussed above , without an Expires header , the browser will request media files on every page load , and will receive a 304 Not Modified response if the cached media files are up - to - date .
Setting a Far Future Expire is possible , and recommended , now that you have versioned CSS and JavaScript files .
In the following examples I have set images to expire 2 hours after they are accessed , but you can tweak this to your specific use case .
CSS and JavaScript ( basically ) never expire .
Depending on your media server , add your custom configuration , enable the expire (s ) module , and reload the webserver .
Apache2
ExpiresActive On ExpiresByType image / jpg " access plus 2 hours " ExpiresByType image / png " access plus 2 hours " ...
ExpiresByType text / css " access plus 10 years " ExpiresByType application / x- javascript " access plus 10 years "
Lighttpd
server.modules = ( " mod_expire " , ... $ HTTP [ " url " ] =~ " \.( jpg|png|gif|ico ) $ " { expire.url = ( " " => " access plus 2 hours " ) } $ HTTP [ " url " ] =~ " \.( css|js ) $ " { expire.url = ( " " => " access plus 10 years " ) }
Lastly , do n't forget to enable compression ( gzip ) on your media server for an extra load - time performance gain .
Health officials in New Jersey are sounding the alarm about an uptick in COVID cases , as the positive test rate in the state is now around 3 percent .
2 hours ago
EAST LONGMEADOW , Mass . ( AP ) — A Roman Catholic priest from western Massachusetts who 's been a longtime critic of the church 's handling of the clergy abuse crisis has called on Pope Benedict XVI to step down .
The Rev. James Scahill of St. Michael 's in East Longmeadow in his sermon on Sunday also demanded greater protection of children and greater accountability from church hierarchy .
The pope has been subjected to intense criticism recently for the way he has dealt with some abuse cases .
Scahill said because he has violated an important tenet of faith by not being truthful , the pope should step down .
Parish Council president Thomas LaMondia tells
The Boston Globe the congregation was largely generally supportive of Scahill 's message .
A spokesman for the Diocese of Springfield called Scahill 's statement 's " unfortunate . "
By Dick Morris - March 20 , 2010
If the House Democratic majority passes Obama 's health care proposals , one of two things will happen by Election Day , 2010 -- and neither one will be healthy for the Democrats seeking re-election .
Either the Medicare cuts will take effect or they will be postponed by a terrified Congress .
If they take effect , physicians ' fees will be slashed 21 percent and hospital reimbursements for Medicare patients will be cut by $ 1.3 billion .
Tens of thousands of doctors and thousands of health care institutions -- hospitals , hospices , outpatient clinics and such -- will refuse to treat Medicare patients .
Entire cities will be without one doctor in important specialties who will take care of the elderly on Medicare .
Particularly in fields like G.I. care or arthritic and joint pain , doctors will simply refuse to accept the low reimbursement rates they are being offered and hospitals will refuse all but emergency care to Medicare patients .
In effect , the elderly will experience a doctors ' strike against Medicare patients .
Congress , faced with this massive revolt coming right on the verge of the election , may back down and postpone the cuts .
Originally , doctor reimbursement rates were scheduled to drop on March 1 of this year , but Congress postponed it until the fall .
Now the Democrats in Congress will face not only cuts in doctors ' fees but in all forms of Medicare reimbursement -- the so - called " market basket " of cuts programmed into Obamacare .
Congress , being Congress , will probably seek to postpone the cuts until after Election Day .
But in doing so , they would expose the deficit - reduction and cost - containment features of Obama 's bill for the fraud that they are .
The news media headlines would blare that Congress just voted to add tens or hundreds of billions to the deficit , and the big - spending , high - borrowing image of Congress will worsen .
All pretense that Obamacare is not a reckless spending bill will be stripped away , and we will be face to face with the reality that it will add hugely to the deficit .
All this will come at precisely the time that House and Senate Democrats are scrambling to rebut the attacks of their Republican challengers over these very issues .
If Congress votes to postpone the Medicare cuts , as a former secretary of health and human services predicted to me , they will have to answer for their fiscal irresponsibility right before the election .
Either poison -- the cuts or the deficit -- will be enough to eradicate an entire generation of House and Senate Democrats .
And these cuts will take place against a backdrop of continuing increases in health insurance premiums , no expansion of coverage ( it does n't kick in until 2013 ) and no tangible benefit from the Obama bill .
This is the prospect the House and Senate Democrats who vote for Obamacare will face in the fall of 2010 .
This is the record they will have to defend .
Or , they could save their political lives and vote no .
Dr Roberts died after a long bout of pneumonia
The " father of the personal computer " who kick - started the careers of Microsoft founders Bill Gates and Paul Allen has died at the age of 68 .
Dr Henry Edward Roberts was the inventor of the Altair 8800 , a machine that sparked the home computer era .
Gates and Allen contacted Dr Roberts after seeing the machine on the front cover of a magazine and offered to write software for it .
The program was known as Altair - Basic , the foundation of Microsoft 's business .
" Ed was willing to take a chance on us - two young guys interested in computers long before they were commonplace - and we have always been grateful to him , " the Microsoft founders said in a statement .
" The day our first untested software worked on his Altair was the start of a lot of great things . "
Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak told technology website CNET that Dr Roberts had taken " a critically important step that led to everything we have today " .
' Fond memories '
Dr Roberts was the founder of Micro Instrumentation and Telemetry Systems ( MITS ) , originally set up to sell electronics kits to model rocket hobbyists .
The company went on to sell electronic calculator kits , but was soon overshadowed by bigger firms .
In the mid-1970's , with the firm struggling with debt , Dr Roberts began to develop a computer kit for hobbyists .
The result was the Altair 8800 , a machine operated by switches and with no display .
It took its name from the then - cutting edge Intel 8080 microprocessor .
The $ 395 kit ( around £ 1,000 today ) was featured on the cover of Popular Electronics in 1975 , prompting a flurry of orders .
It was also sold assembled for an additional $ 100 charge .
Amongst those interested in the machine were Paul Allen and Bill Gates .
The pair contacted Dr Roberts , offering to write software code that would help people program the machine .
The pair eventually moved to Albuquerque - the home of MITS - where they founded Micro - Soft , as it was then known , to develop their software : a variant of the Beginners All - purpose Symbolic Instruction Code ( Basic ) .
" We will always have many fond memories of working with Ed in Albuquerque , in the MITS office right on Route 66 - where so many exciting things happened that none of us could have imagined back then , " the pair said .
Dr Roberts sold his company in 1977 .
He died in hospital on 1 April after a long bout of pneumonia .
CB radios are n’t simply excellent pleasure to have about the road , however an essential device for drivers and boating enthusiasts to own some time vacationing .
CB stands for " Citizens Band " radio .
CB radio solutions had their beginning in a time when there was n’t any internet or tablets that are portable , from the ’ 60 s .
The only way folks can stay in contact with their loved ones was as a result of the CB radio .
Although they employed to function professionals serving at the emergency solutions , CB radios have become far more widespread since .
They have been applied as a replacement for more than the usual couple of communication devices that we accustomed to employ .
They might not be as flexible because mobile phones , nevertheless they can be used for moderate to long - range communication .
Here ’s a look at some of the ideal CB radios .
Qualities to Consider in Good CB Radios
The CB radio is really just a transceiver that can be properly used by anybody for company or private reasons .
Transceiver means the CB can be used to send and receive messages .
It should n’t be confused with all HAM operators , or even the Amateur Radio Service , the CB radio has been used the world over as ways to convey by way of employing 40 channels within the band .
CB radios can transmit only a single channel at one moment .
Which means that if they are conversing , you listen must sit back and wait for the turn .
Along with many others , for this reason , CB users have created their particular language that they utilize to convey with one another on the street .
Types of CB Radios
CB radios might be categorized into four distinct categories the following .
Cell CB Radio
This could be definitely the most frequently encountered type of all CB radio band that comes in many distinctive dimensions .
It looks like a microphone and a box with abundant knobs .
Therefore choose the features are supported by also the brands and also the versions .
Vehicles such as using the versions that are all - in - handset and the mobile .
All - in- Handset CB Radio
Formed such as an telephones , these apparatus really are streamlined and ergonomically designed to feature most of the controllers into a little space .
They are so easy to operate , and you can control all of the dials .
These would be the selections for places where it will likely be tough to mount a full - size unit or for vehicles .
Handheld CB Radio
All these are styled such as walkie - talkies and run on batteries .
Some designs come with battery packs when you could be mobile therefore they can be used by you .
Nevertheless , you are able to use them because many of the models have a cigarette cable and jacks to get an adapter and also a CB antenna .
The response to the Top Ten Reasons You Should Quit Facebook was huge , although not without objections or doubts .
Here are the some definitive answers from Dan Yoder that you should share on your Facebook walls ... before disabling your account .
Advertisement
It 's no exaggeration to say I 've been overwhelmed by the response to my post on why you should quit Facebook .
Advertisement
To those of you who shared your stories about leaving , or took the time to clarify some of the reasons for doing so , thank you .
Apparently , I was hardly alone in making the decision to quit , or at least seriously considering it .
It has been nothing short of inspiring to read your comments and realize how many of you cared enough to take action , whether it was actually deleting your account or simply taking the time to share your thoughts .
I thought I 'd try to respond to some of the more common objections :
What 's the big deal ?
I do n't care if someone has access to my photos or status updates
Tens of millions of people provided personal information to Facebook with the understanding that this information was being shared only within their social network .
Then Facebook changed the rules and this information was unexpectedly shared with perfect strangers .
That is , simply stated , a profound invasion of privacy .
In the United States , the Fourth and Ninth Amendments to the Constitution , along with numerous landmark Supreme Court cases , have established privacy as a fundamental right .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Consider the example of the government tapping your phones .
You conduct phone conversations thinking that they 're just between you and the person you 're speaking with .
The government can't tap your phone and listen in on the conversation without a warrant .
This is because your privacy is a right protected by law .
Now take this example a step further , and suppose your cell phone provider one day sends you an updated privacy policy that states that they can tap your phone any time they want .
Would you still use their service ?
Of course not !
And , in fact , they wo n't do this because it 's actually against the law for them to do so .
In other words , it 's such a big deal , we passed laws to prevent it from happening .
Advertisement
Social networks involve not only voice conversations , but images , video , links , and text .
Not only that , but there are frequently many recipients of this data .
According to Facebook 's original privacy policy , these rich " conversations " were supposed to be private .
Later , they changed their minds .
This certainly breaks the spirit , if not the letter , of privacy laws , not only in the U.S. , but all over the world .
I have n't even touched on the various reasons people might want to keep these conversations private .
They range from the profound , like avoiding workplace discrimination , protecting political dissidents or avoiding an abusive husband , to the banal , like cheating on your wife .
But it really does n't matter .
It is not for any of us to decide on behalf of someone else what information should be considered private .
Advertisement
Most people just want control over what they 're sharing and with whom .
They have a right to make that choice .
And many Facebook members did make that choice , only to find that , after the fact , Facebook made a different choice on their behalf .
In the telecom industry , that 's illegal .
Yet in the social networking space , where far more information is being shared , it 's not a big deal ?
Just do n't share your personal information .
Or , if you do , do n't use any applications and learn to use the privacy settings .
Advertisement
Maybe that works for you , you fabulous geek , you .
But are all of your family and friends as clever as you are ?
What are the odds that the majority of Facebook members will do these things ?
I do n't trust Facebook , either , so I just use fake data
Uh , okay .
Somewhere between not sharing personal information and actually using fake data , we cross a line into " what 's the point ? "
Advertisement
Facebook works just fine for marketing purposes
That 's true .
Of course , that 's true for any social network with a critical mass of people on it .
But it 's a circular justification .
Once people switch to another network , it 's useless for marketing .
Advertisement
I 'd leave except that I have too many family and friends still on there
This is a tough one .
I wrote my original post for exactly this reason - to try and convince them to leave .
I felt that by continuing to use Facebook , I was passively endorsing it .
Advertisement
I 'd leave except that there are n't any real alternatives
I am not aware of any good solutions for privacy in social media .
Facebook has expressly moved away from providing one .
But there are plenty of good opt - out solutions .
Twitter works fine for status updates .
For photos , we 've had Flickr for years .
For video , YouTube .
For link sharing , Digg .
I 've picked these because they are all independent companies , but there are dozens of solutions for sharing social media .
Advertisement
The nice thing about decentralizing control over your data is that you are n't at the mercy of any one company .
In fact , you could make a pretty good argument that the Web itself is the real social network .
If the allegations against Zuckerberg are " dated and unproven , " they 're irrelevant
Click to viewI 'm not trying Mr.Zuckerberg in court , I 'm selecting a service provider .
The burden of proof is on Facebook here .
If the head of a major bank is accused of embezzling or a teacher is accused of molesting a student , they 're usually summarily fired .
They may have been entirely innocent , but the standard for holding a position of responsibility is much higher than that for simply not going to jail .
Mr. Zuckerberg has been accused of reading people 's private emails , and he runs a social networking company .
Also , keep in mind , Facebook also settled out of court in a related case for a significant sum of money , lending some weight to the allegations .
If Facebook and Mr.Zuckerberg wanted to clearly establish their innocence , they could have chosen not to settle out of court .
Advertisement
Dan Yoder is a serial entrepreneur and the VP of Engineering at Border Stylo , a Hollywood - based social media startup .
He can be reached on Twitter as @dyoder .
Disclosure by Dan Yoder : I 'm the VP of Engineering for a Hollywood - based social media startup , BorderStylo .
The opinions expressed here are purely my own and are not in any way endorsed by my employer .
While I do not see our applications as directly competitive to Facebook , nor have I presented them as such , it would be disingenuous not to mention this .
PHILADELPHIA — David Krejci will miss the rest of the season after suffering a dislocated right wrist in last night ’s first period .
“ Brutal , ” a source close to Krejci noted of the news .
Krejci was injured when he was blasted in open ice by Mike Richards , seconds before Miroslav Satan gave the Bruins a 2 - 1 lead .
Krejci has four goals and four assists through nine playoff games , third - most behind Satan and Patrice Bergeron .
Krejci underwent surgery last night at Baltimore ’s Union Memorial Hospital .
Dr. Thomas Graham , surgeon - in - chief , performed the procedure .
Krejci is expected to return for the 2010 - 11 preseason , part of which the Bruins will spend in his native Czech Republic .
Advertisement
Krejci had been centering Satan and Milan Lucic on the team ’s most dangerous offensive line .
Krejci was also the quarterback on the No. 1 power - play unit on the left - side half - boards , while also seeing plenty of penalty - killing time .
Krejci is the second top - six forward to be knocked out of the playoffs during the second round .
Marco Sturm tore the ACL and MCL in his right knee in Game 1 .
Either Trent Whitfield or Brad Marchand , who have been healthy scratches throughout the playoffs , will replace Krejci .
Comcast Sportsnet Philadelphia first reported the injury last night .
Corrected from broken wrist to dislocation .
Her tattoo was supposed to be beautiful - literally , with the word inked into her arm .
But it turned out to be anything but for Nova Scotia resident Amy Ullock - in fact , it turned out to be " beatiful . "
Ullock 's misfortune began with the tattoo request which was typed onto a computer , shown to her and stenciled on her , according to CNN affiliate CBC .
When she finally got a look , that 's when she noticed there was a letter missing in the tattoo .
It led to a fight in the store and eventually landed her and the tattoo artist in small claims court .
On Thursday , Amy Ullock got her answer from a judge on who was responsible in the form of that same missing letter -
You , adding people having nobody else to blame if they do n't catch the error .
The judge ruled Ullock was an " author of her own misfortune " and denied her restitution .
Ullock is n't the first to end up with messed up ink ( even Heroes star Hayden Penatierre suffered the same fate ) .
And a quick Google search shows a variety of unfortunate tats including : one that would be extreme , if only they 'd spelled it that way .
The other takeaway ?
There are slew of tattoos out there with the word tomorrow spelled out in a variety of incorrect ways .
Perhaps spell - check has its downsides after all .
A proposal from the European Union and Palau to protect porbeagle sharks squeaked by with a vote of 86 to 42 , with 8 abstentions — a winning margin of a single vote .
All of the votes were by secret ballot .
Image An Ivorian fisherman carried a hammerhead shark to a market in Abidjan , Ivory Coast .
Credit ... Kambou Sia / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
“ We will continue to pursue our efforts to protect sharks from eradication by the decadent and cruel process of shark - finning , ” Stuart Beck , Palau ’s ambassador to the United Nations , said in a statement .
“ I am sure that , properly prepared , bald eagle is delicious .
But , as civilized people , we simply do not eat it . ”
China , by far the world ’s largest consumer of the cartilaginous fish , for sharkfin soup , and Japan , which has battled to keep the convention from being extended to any marine species , led the opposition .
“ This is not about trade issues , but fisheries enforcement , ” Masanori Miyahara , Japan ’s top fisheries negotiator , was quoted by The Associated Press as telling delegates .
“ Poaching is a big problem . ”
Juan Carlos Vásquez , a spokesman for the United Nations convention , said that the votes on the hammerhead and the porbeagle — a close relative of the great white shark that is prized for its meat — could be reopened on Thursday and possibly overturned at the final session of the conference because the margin of passage was so narrow .
Or at least an amazing recreation of 1940s era porn .
But I 'm leaning to it being authentic .
In any case it 's awesome , and hilarious .
Published by vintageporno
Information processing circuits in digital computers are static .
In our brains , information processing circuits -- neurons -- evolve continuously to solve complex problems .
Now , an international research team from Japan and Michigan Technological University has created a similar process of circuit evolution in an organic molecular layer that can solve complex problems .
This is the first time a brain - like " evolutionary circuit " has been realized .
This computer is massively parallel :
The world 's fastest supercomputers can only process bits one at a time in each of their channels .
Their circuit allows instantaneous changes of ~300 bits .
Their processor can produce solutions to problems for which algorithms on computers are unknown , like predictions of natural calamities and outbreaks of disease .
To prove this unique feature , they have mimicked two natural phenomena in the molecular layer : heat diffusion and the evolution of cancer cells .
The monolayer has intelligence ; it can solve many problems on the same grid .
Their molecular processor heals itself if there is a defect .
This remarkable self - healing property comes from the self - organizing ability of the molecular monolayer .
No existing man-made computer has this property , but our brain does : if a neuron dies , another neuron takes over its function .
The work is described in Nature Physics .
It is coauthored by Ranjit Pati , of the Michigan Technological University Department of Physics .
Lead author is Anirban Bandyopadhyay , National Institute for Materials Science , National Institute of Information and Communication Technology , Japan .
The only thing that makes me sad about the announcement of the new 10213 Shuttle Adventure set is that the Space Shuttle program itself is ending this year .
I ’ll take some small consolation from swooshing this new set around my house .
The set includes 1,200 pieces , costs 100 USD , and ships in June .
I ’ve uploaded a full set of pictures to Flickr :
Here ’s the official announcement from LEGO :
10213 Shuttle Adventure Ages 16 +
1,204 pieces
US $ 99.99 CA $ 129.99 UK £ 79.99 DE 89.99 € Blast off on an outer space mission !
Standing 17.5 ″ ( 44 cm ) tall and 10 ″ ( 25.5 cm ) from wing tip to wing tip , this detailed and realistic space shuttle is ready to count down and blast off on its next exciting mission into space !
You can take off from the launch pad , separate the detachable fuel tank and booster rockets , and deploy the satellite with unfolding antenna and solar cell panels .
Shuttle model features realistic engines , retractable landing gear , an opening cockpit with seats for 2 astronauts , opening cargo compartment with a crane that can hold the satellite and a ground maintenance vehicle .
Includes 3 minifigures : 1 male and 1 female astronaut , as well as 1 service crew member .
Includes 3 minifigures : 1 male and 1 female astronaut as well as 1 service crew member !
Features realistic engines , retractable landing gear , opening cockpit with seats for 2 astronauts and even a ground maintenance vehicle !
Take off from the launch pad !
Separate the detachable fuel tank and booster rockets !
Deploy the satellite with unfolding antenna and solar cell panels !
Open the cargo compartment to reveal the crane that can hold the satellite !
Shuttle Adventure stands 17.5 ″ ( 44 cm ) tall and measures 10 ″ ( 25.5 cm ) from wing tip to wing tip !
Baghdad , Iraq ( CNN ) --
At one of Baghdad 's two female juvenile prisons , the young Iraqi girls live in limbo , sadness and desperation permeating every aspect of their interrupted lives .
Some face punishment for prostitution .
Others are charged with ties to terrorism .
And then there are the victims , also behind bars .
Fifteen - year - old Zeina 's sad journey to prison began two years ago when she says was sold into sex slavery .
" My father came and took me to go visit my grandfather in Syria , " says Zeina , " and I went with him . "
The family trip turned out to be a cover story , and Zeina found herself faced with the most horrific possible reality .
She says she was then forcefully taken from Syria to the United Arab Emirates and sold into sexual slavery .
But Zeina refused to surrender to such a horrendous fate .
And when the opportunity presented itself , she ran away .
" I 'm proud of myself , " explains Zeina .
" I turned myself into the police and decided not to stay in that situation . "
Authorities in Dubai helped her return to Iraq , but more cruelty awaited her in Baghdad .
The only way Zeina could make it home was to travel on a forged passport -- a very serious crime in Iraq .
After escaping her ordeal , Zeina found herself being prosecuted , rather than being comforted .
As punishment , she 's now serving two years in jail .
A prison official confirmed her story .
Iraqi women 's rights activists are outraged .
" She refused to accept that her body had been sold .
So this is how they reward her ? " said Dalal Rubaie with the Organization for Women 's Freedom in Iraq , " To put her in jail for two years ?
Where 's the justice ? "
Trafficking is a growing problem in Iraq .
Some vulnerable women , desperate to support their families , are tricked into it by accepting fake marriage proposals .
Many young girls , their parents facing dire economic circumstances , are just sold outright .
" In some ways , their fate is worse than death , " explained Samer Muscati from Human Rights Watch .
" Once they 've been trafficked , there 's a stigma even though they 're the victims in this horrific situation .
They 've been exploited and they 've been trafficked to another country with no real recourse . "
According to Muscati , even if the girls do manage to escape the cruelty of their circumstances , it will be very difficult for them to escape the judgment of their families .
" When they do come back to Iraq , if the family does accept them it's very difficult because they 've brought great shame to the family , they 're subjected to honor crimes .
And we 've come across cases where young women have preferred to stay in prison or custody than to be released and to face tribal justice , " Muscati said .
Rubaie puts it even more bluntly when discussing what little future awaits trafficked girls who manage to return home .
" I'm sure the girl 's family wo n't take care of her , " said Rubaie .
" I 'm sure that neighbors and relatives and society will judge her , they 'll know that the girl had been a prisoner and the family will be ashamed of her .
" I 'm sure they wo n't let her travel .
I 'm sure she wo n't be able to complete her education , if she had been studying .
Or they will force her to marry a cousin so they can exert control over her .
Any cousin .
They 'll end her life . "
A sense of injustice pervaded every story told by the prisoners .
Some inmates had actually discovered they were to be trafficked and tried to stop it .
When Fatin found out her father was attempting to sell her , she immediately sought help from the law .
" I ran away from Najaf and escaped to Baghdad where I found my mother and asked her if she knew what my father was planning , " says 22 - year - old inmate Fatin , " So she took me to court in Baghdad , we got a lawyer and brought a case against my father . "
Months passed and the lawsuit was never heard .
While awaiting justice , Fatin says her father raped her .
After the attack , she killed him , was tried , and is currently serving the fifth year of a 15 year sentence .
Muscati , who 's studied trafficking extensively in Iraq , ca n't understand why Iraqi officials are n't doing more to stop it .
" Why is the Iraqi government not prosecuting the traffickers ? " Muscati asked .
" There has n't been a case of prosecution against a trafficker that we 're aware of .
Why is the Iraqi government not passing a law to make it more difficult for trafficking ? "
At 22 , Fatin , like several of her fellow inmates , is too old to remain in a juvenile facility .
She 'll soon have to serve out the rest of her term in a prison for adults , a much harsher environment .
Qassim Abdul Ameer , warden of the juvenile prison , is worried for Fatin and other inmates in the same situation .
" Of course she will find it difficult there , " Abdul Ameer says about Fatin , " because the environment will be difficult there .
In the adult prisons , they usually take advantage of the younger girls . "
Fatin does fear the transfer , but it's her eventual release still a decade away that she 's even more afraid of .
" Yes , there is freedom outside , " says Fatin , " but people do n't forgive .
They do n't have mercy . "
Image caption
The Klan is one of the oldest and most infamous hate groups in the US
A teacher in the US state of Georgia has been suspended after allowing students to dress in mock Ku Klux Klan robes for a project .
The teacher had asked four students , none of whom were black , to re-enact scenes from history for a class film .
Officials said the teacher had used poor judgement .
Georgia has a history of violent racial tension and students and parents were upset by the incident .
The teacher , who is white , acknowledged it was a mistake to film the scene .
" It was poor judgement on my part , " Catherine Ariemma told the Associated Press news agency .
The class at Lumpkin County High School near Atlanta included no black children , and the school system is roughly 90 % white .
The Ku Klux Klan is one of the oldest and most infamous hate groups in the US and was known for the white robes and cone - shaped hoods members wore at rallies .
You can't discuss racism and not include the Klan Catherine Ariemma , Teacher
Founded as a vigilante group amid the turmoil after the US civil war , the Klan violently opposed civil rights for African Americans , although the group also turned its ire toward Jews , Catholics and immigrants , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center , which tracks hate groups .
Its membership and influence have waned in recent decades .
Ms Ariemma told US media she had asked the students to film scenes from American history for a course combining US history with film study .
For the scene in question , the students were exploring American racism .
" This is a film about racism and we have to discuss racism in our society , " she said .
" You ca n't discuss racism and not include the Klan . "
Ms Ariemma , a teacher for nearly six years , said the students had brought in bed sheets and cone - shaped party hats to make their costumes .
Other students observed four of their robed classmates walking through the cafeteria to another location in the school where another student filmed the scene .
Some African - American students and parents complained to school administrators and Ms Ariemma was suspended .
She could face further disciplinary measures .
" We determined , obviously , that she used extremely poor judgment , " school system superintendent Dewey Moye told the Atlanta Journal - Constitution newspaper .
The more things change , the more they stay the same March 9 , 2010
Posted by Summerspeaker in Feminism
Way back in the 1890s , feminist anarchist Voltairine de Cleyre condemned marriage as an oppressive institution enabling rape .
Today , in 2010 , we have marriage coach John Wilder saying that ’s how it should be .
He asserts that allowing wives to decide when to have sex with their husbands would be terribly unfair to the poor men .
I can only assume he pushes these views on the unfortunate couples who come to him for help .
The patriarchy is a global human rights crisis , folks .
So many women experience sexual coercion on a daily basis .
It ’s not limited to old religious dudes and marriage , either ; as in de Cleyre ’s lecture , I know supposed anarchists who practice the same abuses .
In our goal of creating a better world , we transhumanists must take this issue seriously .
Hi ! I 'm Jill .
I like to cook .
I want to be healthier .
I'm a Vancouver , Canada based blogger !
How to ...
Make a perfect Bloody Mary
The Bloody Mary : A tasty and simple to make cocktail
Racy , spicy and oh - so - decadent , it 's no wonder the Bloody Mary is one of our favourite cocktails .
While it has the wow factor , the Bloody Mary is actually quite simple to make , if you follow a few simple rules .
Here , Santino Cicccciari , cocktail - maker at London 's Connaught Hotel , shares his secrets . . .
RED SNAPPER ANYONE ?
The Bloody Mary was born in the Roaring Twenties when New York bartender Fernand Petiot mixed equal parts of tomato juice and vodka .
In 1934 , Petiot moved to New York 's Regis Hotel , bringing the recipe with him .
Scandalised by the name , prudish hotel managers tried to rename it the Red Snapper , but it did n't stick .
However , the cocktail - given an extra zing of tabasco and Worcestershire sauce to suit sophisticated New Yorkers - proved dynamite .
EQUIPMENT
The ideal cocktail - shaker is stainless steel ( to retain the cold ) and comes in three parts : the base which holds the mixture , a large cap with a strainer and a smaller cap which sits on top to prevent spills and doubles as a measure .
I like the Manhattan from John Lewis ( £ 19 ) .
You will also need a hand - blender , a strainer , a sharp knife , a lemon - squeezer , a grater and a chopping board .
To serve , use old - fashioned champagne flutes or red wine glasses .
INGREDIENTS
For the base , buy the best ingredients you can afford .
I like Ketel One Vodka .
You also need fresh tomato juice , not concentrated which is too watery - Pago is my favourite .
To make enough Bloody Mary mix for 20 cocktails you will need ten sprigs of coriander , 2tsp of English mustard , 15 drops of Tabasco sauce , 15 ml of soya sauce , 150 ml of Worcestershire sauce , 1in of fresh horseradish , a pinch of sea salt , a spicy red chilli and 30ml of dry sherry such as Tio Pepe .
You will also need one lemon and a quantity of ice - slow frozen if you can find it .
PREPARATIONS
For the Bloody Mary mix , pick off the coriander leaves , grate the horseradish and cut up a small slice of red chilli .
Then pop all the ingredients in a bowl and blast with your hand blender .
Strain the mixture so it 's completely smooth then pour into a bottle or airtight container and pop it into the fridge , where it can be stored for up to three days .
MADE TO MEASURE
For each cocktail you will need 50ml of vodka , 100 ml of tomato juice , 10 ml of lemon juice and 15 ml of Bloody Mary mix .
Measure out the ingredients and pour each in turn into the cocktail shaker .
I 've been making cocktails for 15 years , but I still measure as it's important to be precise .
At this stage , you can add a few ice cubes to the shaker just to bring the temperature down further .
When everything is in , shake vigorously for ten to 15 seconds .
Then pour through the strainer into your glass , being careful not to allow any ice through , as this waters down the mixture .
ADD SOME WOW FACTOR
Traditionally , a Bloody Mary is served with a celery stick , which you chew after each sip to enhance the flavour .
But for a sensational look and taste , top your cocktail with a cappuccino - style foam of celery air instead .
You get the taste , and the cloud of green froth is sensational .
To make enough celery air for 20 cocktails you will need six sticks of celery , 1tsp of celery salt and ½ tsp of lecite .
This soy - based powder is perfect for creating froth and turning juices and liquids into ' air ' .
Source it from infusions 4 chefs.co.uk ( £ 14.95 for a 330g jar ) .
Wash and roughly chop the celery , discarding the ends .
Press in a juice extractor until you have 400 ml .
Add the lecite and salt and blend with your hand blender for ten seconds .
Strain , then blend again just before your guests arrive .
As you make each cocktail , pop a little froth on the top and bask in the compliments .
“ The competition was fierce , but collegial , ” said Jonathan I. Lunine , a Cassini scientist and a professor of planetary science and physics at the University of Rome Tor Vergata .
Still , there were trade - offs .
Nobody got everything , but everybody got a good many things .
“ We try to satisfy as many people as possible , ” said Cassini ’s mission planning engineer , John C. Smith of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory , who , with Mr. Buffington , is responsible for designing the tour .
“ We have to kill at least two and sometimes three birds with one stone . ”
One of the fundamental tools for adjusting the trajectory of a large manufactured object in space — the essence of orbital mechanics — is the gravity assist .
As a spacecraft approaches a planet or moon , gravity grips it and flings it in a different direction .
In the 1970s and ’ 80s , NASA used the gravity assist technique to enable the tiny Voyager 2 to complete its “ grand tour ” of the outer planets of the solar system .
Voyager 2 employed four gravity assists .
The Cassini Solstice mission alone will require 56 .
The popular analogy for the gravity assist is “ slingshot , ” but that term makes today ’s orbit designers grit their teeth .
“ It ’s a lot more sophisticated than that , ” said David Seal , Cassini ’s mission planning supervisor .
“ We can do a lot of things to get pretty much any trajectory we want . ”
Image
The bright arc within Saturn ’s G-ring , truncated by the shadow of the planet , in an image taken by a camera aboard the Cassini spacecraft .
Credit ...
JPL / NASA
A better analogy , he said , is two ice skaters in a hockey rink : a little girl and her father .
The little girl is Cassini , small and fast ; Dad is slow but strong .
When the little girl reaches Dad at the red line , they clasp hands and Dad rotates .
He can fling his daughter farther down the ice toward the far goal , toss her at right angles into the boards , send her back where she came from or let her go off at an angle .
In Cassini ’s case , Dad , aptly perhaps , is Titan , Saturn ’s largest moon .
Bigger than the planet Mercury , it is the only thing in the Saturn system , besides Saturn , with enough gravity to make radical changes in the spacecraft ’s trajectory every time it flies by .
If you follow me on twitter or tumblr you might know that one of my photos was submitted to a hateful and fatphobic ( transphobic , ageist , etc etc ) facebook group : “ There ’s a weight limit on leggings & skinny jeans . ”
I have posted photos of myself on the internet for years , and have copped a huge variety of flack ( but WAY more compliments ! )
So I was n’t really upset that someone had taken a photo I had posted to an outfit website , and submitted it to this nasty group , after all it was just a matter of time – and who knows , more of my photos could be posted in any number of bigotry - filled hideyholes online .
I have heard so many jabs at my fatness that insults just sound like caricatures of other insults these days , but for many other people it is really upsetting and distressing .
Firstly , you know how I feel about body shame that is dressed up as fashion advice .
It ’s bogus .
No one should be harassed , mocked or attacked for wearing clothes ( or NOT wearing clothes ) .
There is absolutely no weight limit on leggings or skinny jeans .
There is , however , an abundance of people who are falling into a trap of being way too invested in what other people do , and wear .
Why do they care so much ?
Probably because it gives them a sense of being better than other people , but that is a terrible foundation to build one ’s self esteem upon .
It ’s a foundation that benefits business , not people , and it suits the beauty , fashion and weight loss industries to have every day people like you and I reinforcing arbitrary beauty standards that help shift units so people can feel better about themselves by putting other people down , therefore reinforcing arbitrary beauty standards ( stop me before I get sucked into this infinite loop here guys ) .
I reject those arbitrary standards .
I reject the imaginary line between skinny and fat , the line that ’s a size 6 for some people and a size 14 for others .
And if you ’re friends with a fat person , they lose 4 imaginary dress sizes on the basis of that friendship ( “ Oh honey , you ’re not fat !
Do n’t be so mean to yourself ! ” ) .
I reject the beauty ideal .
I reject the idea of the “ flattering outfit ” .
I reject the gender binary .
I reject being ladylike .
These standards are not nobel things to uphold – they trap us , and constrict us .
They push us into target markets so we can be sold things more easily .
And while I can say with 150 % gusto that I reject these things , I ca n’t help but toe the line sometimes without even realising .
Societal conditioning is that strong , it ’s that pervasive .
So when someone makes fun of me for : being fat , wearing “ unflattering ” clothes , looking like a man , being a bitch , having acne , not being polite or gracious , wearing too little perfume , wearing too much perfume , having gunk in my eye , wearing a t - shirt that shows my belly when I raise my arm , perspiring a lot or laughing too loudly …
It ’s totally personal , but then again , it totally is n’t .
We all have a variety of unique and personal characteristics , and they might read a little differently depending on where you live , what you look like , how much you earn , the colour of your skin or what gender you are , but at the end of the day those criticisms are about hemming you in and disempowering you .
I ca n’t even get angry at people who insult me anymore because I know most of us are conditioned to think this way .
I know for a FACT , despite the protestations in this particular facebook group , that seeing a fat person in leggings or skinny jeans will not cause injury .
I ’ve read quite a few comments from members who seem personally insulted when they see someone wearing something they do n’t agree with .
This is hyperbole .
This is like when Mr. Burns ( from the Simpsons ) puts his arms in the air and flails them about .
I like to imagine these people doing the Mr. Burns flail .
It ’s that comical to me .
So , when I discovered the person who submitted my photograph to this group ( please note , it ’s NOT the group owner ) I wrote her a message and I did n’t rip her a new arsehole .
I just could n’t , you know ?
Here ’s what I wrote :
Congratulations for contributing to girl on girl hate by contributing to a fatphobic and anti-woman facebook group .
I do n’t have anything against you personally for submitting my photo , but I encourage you to look at yours and other women ’s bodies more positively .
For your own benefit .
I ’m still going to wear skinny jeans and tights , because there is n’t actually a weight limit and I am fairly impervious to body shame these days .
I do n’t know if you ’ve heard of body acceptance , or fat acceptance , but I ’m an active participant within the movement and I invite you to come check out some blogs and open your mind to an existence where you are free to love your body , instead of feeling ashamed of it .
I do n’t want to attack you , because body negativity is encouraged in our society and it ’s pretty much the norm to make fun of people to make ourselves feel better .
Funny thing is , it does n’t work like that .
I could call you any name under the sun , and you ’d only come back at me with more names , and none of us would get anywhere .
For sisterhood , for solidarity , I wanted to reach out to you .
Cheerio !
Natalie
I am so privileged to have so many supporters , and I received a metric buttload of messages yesterday from so many wonderful people who reported the group , and the use of my photograph .
I ca n’t help but feel sad for other people who have had their photo posted without permission , who do n’t have so many people reporting the misuse of their images .
I tried to go through and report as many as I could , and I encourage you to do the same .
I ’m not linking to the group , however , just because I do n’t want to give it too much publicity .
Today I discovered that my photograph had been taken down by facebook but there are hundreds of other photos still up .
I ’m grateful that facebook actually took notice of the literal army of people who reported my photograph on my behalf , but it ’s still sad that the group is still active .
I do n’t know the best way to combat this kind of harmful attitude , but I think discussion plays a big role .
That ’s why I wrote a note to the person who submitted my photograph , and that ’s why I ’m writing this blog entry .
I want to contribute to productive discussion , even though a part of me wants to call them giant dirt - sucking arseholes .
Let me promise you , and me , one thing .
I will NEVER stop being visible , online and offline because not only do I have a right to visibility , but when I make myself and my fatness visible I make this personal .
I get the impression that members of this group do n’t think the people in the photos they submit are real , but they are .
And they write messages and blog posts , and have the support of the Fat - o - sphere as well as other allies , friends and family .
As his company prepares for their next event on May 15th , Strikeforce CEO Scott Coker spoke exclusively with MMARising.com today in an in - depth interview .
The long - time fight promoter addressed comments and concerns about the Strikeforce women ’s division and his partnership with Showtime .
Discussing topics ranging from planned tournaments in Strikeforce to upcoming matchups involving his champions , Coker remains focused on developing women ’s MMA and the Strikeforce brand as a whole , but clarifies misinformation that has become a common theme in MMA reporting .
In recent weeks , statements made by individuals including Strikeforce signee Erin Toughill have painted the promotion and its relationship with the Showtime television network in a negative light .
Contrary to claims that Showtime runs the promotion and dictates its course , Coker maintains that Strikeforce is run solely by him and a management group based in San Jose , California .
While Showtime ’s interests often mirror those of Strikeforce , Coker and his management team make all final decisions .
Toughill alleged in a recent interview that she had been pulled from the company ’s April 17th event in Nashville , Tennessee , and that the decision had been made by Showtime executives who do not support the women ’s division .
Not the case , says Coker , who adds that a fight was offered to Toughill and only fell apart after a miscommunication involving her management .
Toughill commented that she would no longer be fighting for Strikeforce , but later recanted and the two sides are working towards an agreement .
It is “ so ridiculous ” to suggest that Showtime is against women ’s MMA or unwilling to promote female fighters , says Coker .
He lists Showtime executive Ken Hershman as a big supporter of the division and states that Showtime was responsible for bringing Cristiane “ Cyborg ” Santos and Gina Carano to primetime CBS television .
They were also in favour of the pair ’s main event title fight in August .
“ If it was n’t for Showtime supporting female mixed martial arts , where would it be in [ North ] America ?
It would n’t be on TV .
[ Showtime has ] done more for female mixed martial arts than any other network in the United States , for sure . ”
He added , “ We have a great relationship with Showtime and Ken Hershman .
If it was n’t for Ken Hershman , we would n’t have the depth of matchups that we currently have .
We ’re lucky that Showtime believes in MMA and female MMA .
They believe in Cris Cyborg and they believe in Marloes Coenen . ”
“ The reason why we signed Erin is we believe that she can be someone that we can [ promote ] as well , but we ’ve just got to get her in the cage and stop these misfires from happening . ”
In response to recent comments from Toughill that state that she is fed up with being a scapegoat and does not care anymore , Coker says that it simply sounds like a frustrated fighter .
“ We did offer [ Toughill ] a fight on either June 16th or June 26th .
She told [ Strikeforce representative ] Shannon Knapp that she would not be ready to fight until after July . ”
Coker wants to move forward and believes that issues will be resolved once Toughill has fought for Strikeforce for the first time .
While not interested in getting into a debate with Toughill or others , he wanted to set the record straight about Showtime and their support of the women ’s division .
“ Strikeforce is firmly committed to the women ’s division and so is Showtime .
Believe me , they are behind us [ 100 % ] .
The suggestion that Showtime does not support the women ’s division is just false information .
We should be thankful for their support . ”
“ It ’s really just propaganda from [ UFC President Dana White ] , and then fighters start believing it .
[ Dana ] says that Showtime runs Strikeforce , but Showtime is our broadcast partner and we ’re lucky to have them .
However , they ’re not doing any administration and they ’re not running our company .
We ’re running our company .
It ’s ridiculous for people to think anything else . ”
“ The propaganda machine is always going to be there with [ the UFC ] , but judge Strikeforce by its actions .
To me , we put on some great fights and we ’ve only had the relationship with CBS and Showtime for one year .
In one year ’s time , we ’ve done some amazing stuff . ”
“ If you look back at the history of Strikeforce , we did the first female MMA fight in the state of California when Gina Carano fought Elaina Maxwell .
Before that , with kickboxing , I first started promoting back in 1985 .
I ’ve been doing this for a long time .
We ’re going to be here for a long time and MMA is n’t going anywhere . ”
In a final response to recent unflattering comments from competitors , Coker said , “ To me , there ’s two types of journalists in mixed martial arts .
There ’s the guys who want to be the National Enquirer of MMA and there ’s reporters who get both sides of the story to get the facts , and do n’t just rely on soundbytes . ”
Looking ahead , Coker has many plans for the Strikeforce women ’s division and addressed upcoming matchups for his two champions , Cristiane “ Cyborg ” Santos and Sarah Kaufman .
He confirmed that Santos will definitely fight on June 26th , not June 16th as initially reported , and an opponent is still being finalised .
Strikeforce is in contact with multiple potential opponents .
“ The beauty of [ having Santos fight on the 26th ] is you get to watch the number one male fighter [ Fedor Emelianenko ] and the number one female fighter [ Santos ] competing on the same night on Showtime . ”
The idea of women ’s tournaments is still very much in Coker ’s plans , though a 145 - pound tournament is not likely in the immediate future .
A 135 - pound tournament is planned for late summer and will determine a future title challenger .
“ [ Sarah Kaufman ] will fight the winner of the tournament at 135 , ” Coker said .
“ It has n’t been set yet , but we may feature her in a superfight first . ”
“ We ’re monitoring [ other ] tournaments and encouraging our friends all around the world that we have relationships with to host female tournaments . ”
The winners of the tournaments , including the recent Upcoming Glory tournament in Europe , will be invited to take part in future tournaments in Strikeforce .
As well , Strikeforce star Miesha Tate is also a likely candidate for the 135 - pound Strikeforce bracket .
“ I think she will [ be in the tournament ] , ” Coker said .
“ We ’re going to invite fighters from [ the all - female Jewels promotion in Japan ] to be part of our 135 - pound tournament .
I really want to make this a worldwide tournament to create the next female superstar . ”
Coker and his management team are also monitoring the ongoing Freestyle Cage Fighting Women ’s Grand Prix , which concludes on June 12th .
The winner could possibly be slated to challenge Kaufman in the superfight .
As well , Hiroko Yamanaka ( 8 - 1 - 1 ) , a top fighter in Jewels , could serve as a future challenger for Santos ’s 145 - pound crown .
On a final note , Coker addressed the future of women ’s MMA postergirl Gina Carano , who is currently filming a movie and is said to be involved in a second big - budget film this year .
“ [ Carano ] still has a home here with Strikeforce and we look forward to her return , ” said Coker , who stated that he would reach out to Carano when she had returned home and taken some time off after filming had wrapped .
“ Cung [ Le ] waited about 18 months before he came back , so let [ Carano ] go be a movie star for now . ”
Contrary to reports that have suggested otherwise , Carano ’s contract is a multi - fight , multi - year deal that extends well beyond what some have speculated .
Coker looks forward to Carano ’s return and believes that she will be part of the company ’s bright future .
MMARising.com sincerely thanks Scott for his time in providing this lengthy interview .
( Photo Credit : Esther Lin , Strikeforce )
Tags
[ Excerpted from chapter 1 in Central Planning and Neomercantilism ( ed. Shoeck , 1964 ) . ]
The whole concept of planning seems to depend on some form of determinism .
This determinism is implicit in the behavioral approach to psychology and is illustrated in experiments on animals .
The famous work of Pavlov in Russia has obviously influenced the entire communist concept of planning , the conviction being that the same principles which are applied to the lives of animals can be applied to the lives of men .
It is sometimes asserted that the time will come when the conditioning of people will be so fully developed that they will do automatically what they are supposed to do .
People will then act as harmoniously as the plan determines that they act .
In the utopia of central planning , thus so confidently sketched , nothing will be left to chance decision , and men will be treated with the same stimulus - and - response pattern that now obtains with plants and animals .
All of this sounds lovely , but it has at the heart of it a deep logical problem .
There is no point in making plans unless causal determinism is true ; yet , if causal determinism is true , the very basis of central planning is destroyed , because the government planner is himself determined .
By a strange lapse of logic , the believer in causal determinism always excludes himself from the system which he is putting into effect .
Since most believers in planning operate at the supposedly practical level , they tend to ignore these intellectual difficulties .
But , provided planners for others try to be consistent , they are bound to be in trouble .
If we accept the philosophy of determinism , then the planner himself is not free , and does not really plan , but only illustrates the causal determinism of which his action is a part .
All that the planner can possibly do is to say that he is doing exactly what conditions force him to do , with no decision of his own , but , of course , no planner will actually settle for this in practice .
He believes , for some unstated reason , that he is an exception to the rule he needs .
Lenin's way out of the difficulty is by his conviction that a few men , the vanguard , are , in fact , exceptions .
But , if there are exceptions at all , the law of determinism is not a law , because it lacks universality .
The chief reason why we do not normally see this glaring inconsistency is that we emphasize nonhuman situations .
The psychologist and the animals are so far apart in their levels of being that the system seems to work .
The botanist may reasonably be supposed to plan the growth of the tree , since his personal decision is outside the system of botanical life , but once the determinist system is applied to human thoughts and actions , including moral actions , the situation is radically altered .
The social worker , unless he is unusually sophisticated in the philosophical sense , tends to favor a determinist philosophy .
This is so because he can plan a project , like that of slum clearance , and his belief in determinism gives him assurance that his experience will work effectively in altering the course of other human lives .
If human actions follow inevitably from prior physical and social conditions , as he tends to suppose , then all that he needs to do is to arrange the conditions and await results .
But this simple philosophy is shattered once the planner begins to see that , according to his own philosophy , the very effort to plan was , itself , determined by prior conditions .
The upshot is that , if his philosophy is true , the planner does not plan at all , but he is merely the passive performer of deeds which are materially necessitated .
Either there is the reality of choice , in which case planning can never be complete , and the planner must face the fact that he cannot manipulate men's lives in the same way that he manipulates animal behavior , or there is no reality of choice , in which case the planner is himself a pawn .
In either case strict planning is impossible .
This is a serious dilemma from which , strictly speaking , there is no logical escape .
A system which leads to such a dilemma is necessarily suspect , for the chief method of philosophy is that of testing any proposition by noting where it leads .
This is the method demonstrated in all of the Socratic dialogues of Plato .
The logical problem is the problem of consistency .
Because this is a free country , a man who wants to believe in determinism is free to do so , but what he is not free to do is to eliminate himself from the doctrine he proposes .
We can honor a believer in the manipulation of other men's lives , provided that he has the intellectual honesty to admit that what he calls his plan is itself not of his choosing .
The philosophical issue is not determinism , therefore , but logical consistency . [ 1 ]
IV
The dangers of planning , which planners often ignore , because they seem academic or overcomplicated , are ethical as well as logical .
The chief ethical problem involved in planning is that which Berdyaev has termed the dehumanization of man . [ 2 ]
The sober truth is that , in central planning , men are pawns .
As planning becomes more central and more nearly complete , there is a strong tendency to forget that the ultimate units of any society are persons and that the order exists for their sakes .
Unless this is kept in the consciousness of planners , the entire situation becomes impersonal ; individual decisions on the part of the people really count for nothing .
A development in this direction seems to be intrinsic to an ever - growing bureaucracy .
It is almost impossible , for example , to have any large - scale planning without some illustration of Parkinson 's law .
Bureaucratic control always has a tendency to increase , with the consequent loss of initiative on the part of the people .
The danger comes subtly and appears even in the most beneficent of enterprises .
Nearly all people believe in urban renewal , which has been going on in one form or another for at least two thousand years , but the tendency now is for this to take on all of the dangers of bigness , so that within a year or two an urban - renewal office may have a flock of employees , many of whom are engaged in servicing one another , and whose attitude toward the public is highly impersonal .
It is an easy step for such an office to become the commander instead of the servant of the people .
" There is no point in making plans unless causal determinism is true ; yet , if causal determinism is true , the very basis of central planning is destroyed , because the government planner is himself determined .
By a strange lapse of logic , the believer in causal determinism always excludes himself from the system which he is putting into effect . "
The moral paradox of planning follows naturally from the fact that in human life there are many valid principles , rather than one .
If it were possible , in handling a moral problem , to find out what the principle is and to follow it , the answer would be essentially simple .
But this is seldom the case .
The hard truth is that we have to be loyal to many ideals at once , and that some of these are inevitably in conflict with one another .
In the example of urban renewal , it is a good principle to get rid of slums , but it is also a good principle to let people live where they want to live ; yet in many situations one of these principles , when applied , eliminates the operation of the other .
The ultimate gains of urban renewal may be very great , but the temporary hardship may be terrible .
Thus , in Providence , Rhode Island , some of the colored families have been forcibly moved as many as four times .
It is not surprising if they think of themselves as pawns in the bureaucratic game .
It is suggested , sometimes , that the moral problem of planning can be handled , or at least minimized , by limiting central planning to public affairs , while the individual is allowed to do what he will with his own private life .
One might suppose , on this basis , that each man has the right to sell his labor in any market in which he can be hired , but already this breaks down in many states , because men are not allowed to take certain employments if they have personal objections to joining the unions .
One might suppose that manufacturers would have the right , in their own private businesses , to set prices as they like and take the consequent risk , but the government brings to bear all of its vast resources to compel submission to the will of the administration .
There is great value in a plan to keep prices from becoming higher , but the price of compulsion may be an inordinate increase in central power which eventually cannot be challenged successfully by anybody .
It would be gratifying if we could make a clean distinction between public and private life , and we sometimes sound in our conversations as though this were possible , but the distinction is , increasingly , a blurred one .
For example , is the putting up of an advertising billboard a public or a private matter ?
It is , of course , both .
Should billboards be allowed in a good society ?
There are no neat methods of solving problems of this character such as the methods which can be used with slide rules .
" Nearly all people believe in urban renewal , but the tendency now is that within a year or two an urban - renewal office may have a flock of employees , many of whom are engaged in servicing one another , and whose attitude toward the public is highly impersonal .
It is an easy step for such an office to become the commander instead of the servant of the people . "
The blurring of the line between " public " and " private " has been brilliantly discussed by Harlan Cleveland in the introduction to The Ethics of Bigness : Scientific , Academic , Religious , Political , and Military .
Here the former assistant secretary of state is able to show , on the one hand , that private business today always has a public aspect and that government always has a private aspect .
Mr. Cleveland quotes Frank Stanton , president of the Columbia Broadcasting System , as saying : " We are responsible for what appears on CBS .
We accept that responsibility … we are only obligated to do one thing , and that is to be responsible to the American people . "
On the other hand , our government farms out many of its tasks , especially in the defense department , and allows these to be conducted by private enterprise , yet without private risk - taking .
One of the strangest developments of our planning of life is that the government today tends to be the initiative - taker and to provide an increasing number of industrial firms with the chief security they have .
It is obvious that there are dangers in this , as well as gains .
V
The greatest assistance which the concept of planning now needs is the assistance which can be given from the clarification of our philosophy .
We need to remember that , though external influences determine some of the conditions of a man 's life , they do not determine his response .
It is simply not true that man is a cog in a mechanism .
Our strongest reason for knowing this is the empirical reason of our own consciousness , whereas all the arguments for mechanistic determinism are dogmatic speculations .
When a man faces the fact that he is a man , and neither a machine merely nor an animal merely , he can hardly avoid coming to the famous conclusion about responsibility reached by Jean Paul Sartre :
The essential consequence is that man , being condemned to be free , carries the weight of the whole world on his shoulders ; he is responsible for the world and for himself as a way of being .
We are taking the word responsibility in its ordinary sense as consciousness ( of ) being the incontestable author of an event or of an object . [ 3 ]
Unless there is a deep and genuine sense in which men are free , all talk of responsibility is nonsense , but even the complete system of planning involves responsibility , for the planner professes to be responsible for his own decisions .
This he cannot be if it is not possible to act otherwise than the way in which he does act .
The best that we can do , then , in our philosophical contribution to the problem , is to insist , first , on consistency , and second , to face resolutely what it means to be a person .
If mankind is made up of a multitude of persons , each valuable in his own right , manipulation is never justified .
The world of persons is always a world which lacks the fundamental simplicity that would be required for total planning .
" The world of persons is always a world which lacks the fundamental simplicity that would be required for total planning . "
Too often , when we speak of planning , we really think more in terms of the hive than in terms of the human community .
It has been commonplace for social philosophy to look on animal society , and especially the society of ants and bees , as models for human society .
If we want a society that is entirely orderly , the hive will undoubtedly be our ideal .
In it , there is no revolt , no editorial criticism , no waste or competition , no individual initiative .
The hive presents a completely cooperative economy in which there is no evidence of resistance and no individuation .
It is important to realize that our tendency to idealize the hive is a good example of what Professor Lovejoy has called " metaphysical pathos " or sheer sentimentality .
The hive is harmonious , but at a tremendous price .
Plato was right in the Republic in pointing out that one cannot have a good social order without a division of labor , but in the life of the hive the division of labor which makes things go smoothly is created to an absolute degree . [ 4 ]
Each member of the ideal community is reduced to a single function , and thus denied any conception of wholeness .
The queen cannot feed herself and does no work , since she is limited to the procreative function .
She does not even care for her own children .
The greater part of this ideal community is made up of unprocreative females who build , nurse , get food , and fight enemies .
The drones exist only as suitors to the queen . [ 5 ]
The result of such a division of labor is , of course , a clear smoothness of operation , but we must face the fact that it is not really a society at all , since it is merely an association of helpless pawns .
The hive is really something like an organism in which the individual bees correspond to cells in a body rather than to true individuals .
We understand the hive far better than was formerly possible , because a number of scientists are making careful studies of the life of bees .
The upshot is that the hive becomes less and less a valid ideal .
We see one of the major dangers of central planning when we realize that it tries to do by intelligent effort what the bees do instinctively .
The concept of the hive is almost as far removed from the ethical ideal for man as can be imagined .
Insofar as a person is truly a philosopher , he does not give up a position merely because it has difficulties , but will look resolutely at the alternative difficulties before he makes his decision .
Almost never do we find a perfect situation in which the ideals are singular and clear , but we must settle on some kind of solution which gives us as few of the evils as may be had .
Our cherished hope is that it may be possible to move beyond both the evils of the thesis and the evils of the antithesis into a third way which is better than the usually recognized alternatives .
This is our ideal hope in regard to planning .
However vivid the dangers of planning may be , we must not accept the alternative of haphazard living .
On the other hand , we must not accept total planning , because it would destroy what is most precious in human life , especially its individuation .
The third way , the synthesis which we seek , is bound to be one in which we hold the principle of order and the principle of liberty in mutual tension , never abandoning either one .
The tension may seem unfortunate , but it is good to remind ourselves that music cannot be played except on tight strings .
The good life will always be a life which is essentially risky , for we shall never have security .
We shall never have complete order , and we shall never have complete freedom .
This is so because we are men .
Most of the dangers that we have mentioned are the dangers that are inherent in being persons .
The level of the personal is a unique level , utterly different from the merely animal or the mechanical .
It is a level in which there is the possibility of greatness and also the possibility of baseness .
It is a level in which a man is tempted to manipulate his fellows and yet can realize , when he thinks seriously , that he ought not to do so .
It is a level in which beings can plan , but never one in which they can plan completely .
The ideal we seek is bound to be a compromise , because life itself has contrasting features that must be considered and included in any solution .
Human life cannot be absolutely free , but our test of the value of a system is whether it helps men to be free .
Only that planning is defensible which meets this standard .
[ bio ]
See [ AuthorName ] 's [ AuthorArchive ] .
This article is excerpted from chapter 1 in Central Planning and Neomercantilism .
Comment on the blog .
You can subscribe to future articles by [ AuthorName ] via this [ RSSfeed ] .
US Air Force to spray oil - dispersing chemicals on slick
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US Air Force planes are preparing to spray oil - dispersing chemicals off the coast of Louisiana as the operation to tackle a huge slick is stepped up .
Fears of an ecological disaster along the southern US coast have mounted as oil from the sunken rig in the Gulf of Mexico began to wash ashore .
Animal rescue groups along the coast started to receive their first patients - seabirds coated in thick , black oil .
Worsening weather conditions are threatening to hamper the operation .
The US National Weather Service said strong winds could push the oil into inlets , ponds and lakes in south - east Louisiana over the weekend .
Mystery blast
Heavy seas are pushing the slick over the booms meant to contain it .
In maps : Oil slick spread The US Navy has brought more booms and other equipment to the area .
Fishermen - who face losing their livelihood from the spill - have been drafted in to help .
Wetlands off the Louisiana coast sustain hundreds of wildlife species and a major seafood and fishing industry .
Up to 5,000 barrels of oil a day are gushing into the sea after the BP - operated Deepwater Horizon rig exploded and sank last week .
It remains unclear what caused the blast , which left 11 workers missing , presumed dead .
Alabama has joined Louisiana and Florida in declaring a state of emergency .
The Louisiana National Guard is on standby to help with security , medical needs and engineering .
Some 1,900 emergency workers and more than 300 ships and aircraft are being sent to the scene , President Barack Obama announced on Friday .
Two C - 130 Hercules cargo planes equipped with aerial spraying systems are preparing for flights at Lake Charles , Louisiana .
BP blamed
The military planes will join civilian aircraft that have been dumping tens of thousands of gallons of oil - dispersing chemicals .
Meanwhile , the US government is piling more pressure on BP to stop the spill .
BP is ultimately responsible
President Barack Obama
Oil spill : blame game begins BP in choppy waters after spill Voices : Gulf coast braced
In pictures : Spill threatens wildlife Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano flew to Louisiana with other officials and urge the British oil and gas giant to use " additional assets to help lead the response in this effort " .
" We will continue to push BP to engage in the strongest possible response , " she said .
In a statement from the White House on Friday , President Obama said BP was " ultimately responsible ... for paying the costs of response and clean - up operations " .
BP Chief Operating Officer Doug Suttles defended the firm 's actions , saying it had mounted " the largest response effort ever done in the world " .
The oil giant is sending teams underwater with remotely operated vehicles to try to shut off an underwater valve , but so far they have been unsuccessful .
They are also having a relief - well drilled to decrease the pressure and slowing the leak , though experts say that could take up to three months .
The US government said on Friday it was putting on hold all new offshore drilling until the cause of the spill is investigated .
Last month President Obama eased a moratorium on new offshore drilling .
The US government has designated the oil spill an " incident of national significance " , allowing it to draw on resources from across the country .
How the oil has spread
Approximate oil locations 22 April - 15 May
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A Sorry Spectacle
On May 1 , Expo 2010 , the largest and most expensive world ’s fair in history , will open on 2.5 square miles of prime Shanghai riverbank for a six - month run that its hosts hope will help bolster the city ’s global reputation .
Although largely overlooked by the American public , Expo 2010 has not been overlooked by the U.S. secretary of state ’s office :
For more than a year , Hillary Clinton has spent considerable time and effort raising private money to pay for the construction of a U.S. pavilion to showcase American technology , culture , and achievement to the event ’s expected 90 million international attendees .
Unfortunately , this particular effort at public diplomacy has faltered repeatedly ; the behind - the - scenes saga may best be remembered for allegations of nepotism , frictions with the Chinese government and Expo organizers , and a mediocre , uninspiring pavilion design .
World Expos , despite the quaint and archaic image they evoke for many Americans , remain for much of the world major events , considered third only to the Olympics and World Cups for viewer interest and as marketing opportunities .
They are highly sought - after events , viewed — like the Olympics — as nation - branding exercises for both hosts and guests .
And from their origins , pavilion architecture has been the favored means of presenting a country ’s technology , wealth , and ingenuity .
During the Cold War in particular , U.S. pavilions received elaborate public funding and support and employed some of the country ’s best architects and engineers .
But in 1994 , in the wake of diplomatic spats , congressional loss of interest in public diplomacy , and American loss of interest in Expos , Congress passed a law preventing the ( now defunct ) United States Information Agency ( USIA ) from spending any money on Expos without an express authorization and appropriation by Congress .
Henceforth , funding for U.S. pavilions had to come from the private sector — an expenditure that few American companies were interested in making ( thus , Toyota sponsored the U.S. pavilion at Expo 2005 in Aichi , Japan ) .
Meanwhile , most other countries continued providing public funding — in some cases , supplemented with private sponsorships .
Despite nearly two decades of U.S. government inattention to Expos , some in the State Department and the U.S. Expo community had hopes that the United States might put on a better show in Shanghai .
In November 2006 , the State Department , which had taken over the role of managing U.S. participation at Expos from the USIA , published an official " request for proposal " ( RFP ) to design , build , and fund a U.S. pavilion in Shanghai .
Among other provisions , it required a detailed plan for raising a hefty $ 75 million to $ 100 million even though most of the national pavilions at Expo 2010 cost less than $ 30 million and the eventual U.S. pavilion is budgeted at $ 61 million .
Despite this high bar , several groups of designers , architects , and producers submitted detailed proposals , including a proposal that had Frank Gehry as an architect .
But the State Department rejected them all , and according to correspondence shared between the department and the last rejected proposal group , the RFP ended in late 2007 without a team in place .
The State Department has refused repeated requests to discuss the RFP and the reasons that the submissions failed .
However , at least one of the groups that submitted an unsuccessful bid has raised concerns about the sincerity and fairness of the process and the State Department officials who oversaw it .
Moreover , the State Department has a controversial history in administering U.S. Expo involvement since the mid-1990s , including an inspector general ’s 1999 finding that well - intentioned State Department employees might have violated the law in their single - minded effort to ensure U.S. participation in a 1998 expo .
In this case , what happened after the unsuccessful RFP process is shrouded in secrecy , which the State Department has refused repeated requests to clear up .
Here ’s what we do know :
In March 2008 , months after the close of the competitive bid process , the State Department abruptly announced that it had awarded authorization to design , build , and fundraise a U.S. pavilion to two former Warner Bros. executives .
One of those leaders — Ellen Eliasoph , a current partner at Covington & Burling in Beijing — is the wife of a top Commerce Department official , Deputy Assistant Secretary for Asia Ira Kasoff .
Kasoff is a senior U.S. official working on trade access issues between the United States and China ; he is also a former Foreign Service officer based in China .
Eliasoph and her partner in Expo 2010 , Nick Winslow , were , at the time of the authorization , just two private citizens ; only after the authorization , and at the official , written , urging of the State Department , did they form a nonprofit , subsequently named Shanghai Expo 2010 , Inc .
In the spring of 2009 , I asked Eliasoph how her group was chosen , and she claimed that the selection process was competitive between " two or three teams , " despite the fact that the RFP process had ended months earlier and her group had n’t been part of it .
Meanwhile Winslow , a theme - park consultant perhaps best known for assisting on the special effects for Star Trek : The Motion Picture , gave me a different answer , telling me he had arranged the authorization by meeting with consular officials , State Department officials , and members of the American Chamber of Commerce in Shanghai .
A year after those interviews , Jose Villarreal , appointed in 2009 by Clinton to be the pavilion ’s commissioner general — the U.S. government ’s diplomatic official who serves as the pavilion ’s final decision maker , official liaison , and public face — told me that the pavilion process , prior to his role in it , included " the good , the bad , and the ugly , and there ’s been a little bit of all of that . "
However , on the question of just how Shanghai Expo 2010 , Inc. was selected , he was less specific , telling me that " a lot of people are n’t there [ at the State Department ] anymore " and " a lot of what happened is kind of a blur . "
The State Department ’s Office of Inspector General has forwarded a private citizen ’s complaint that touches on this selection process directly to the secretary of state ’s executive office .
The absence of clarity on just how Shanghai Expo 2010 , Inc. was chosen has likely had consequences for the U.S. image among Shanghai Expo officials , most of whom are senior Chinese government and Communist Party officials .
A senior editor at one state - owned publication in Shanghai , for example , recently told me that " everyone knows Ellen got it because of her family connections . "
True or not , this is n’t the image that the U.S. pavilion was supposed to embody .
Shanghai Expo 2010 , Inc. has repeatedly declined to answer my questions about the role of Commerce Department officials in the pavilion authorization process .
In a recent , unpublished interview with another reporter , Eliasoph has denied any conflict between her husband ’s job and her role with the pavilion .
It would n’t matter nearly so much if Shanghai Expo 2010 , Inc. had performed to the level expected of it by the State Department .
But the sad fact is that Eliasoph and Winslow raised almost no money from the time they were awarded the pavilion authorization , missed multiple construction deadlines , and , in the process , alienated large segments of the U.S. business community in Shanghai , as well as numerous Expo officials , according to several individuals in close contact with the Expo authorities and the expat business community .
Finally , in the spring of 2009 , Chinese Foreign Ministry officials , concerned and frustrated by the faltering U.S. effort , were forced to make personal appeals to Clinton to fix the situation .
Shortly afterward , she appointed Villarreal , a friend and fundraiser from San Antonio , to take control of the situation as the commisioner general — a position that had been previously unfulfilled .
Meanwhile , the State Department ’s apparently noncompetitive authorization of Shanghai Expo 2010 , Inc. means that the group ’s architect and design were n’t subject to a competitive review , a highly unusual procedure in selecting any $ 61 million building , much less one meant to represent the United States abroad ( most of the other major Expo 2010 pavilions were selected in competition ) .
The result is a dull , metal - clad , two - wing complex that ’s supposed to resemble an eagle .
Inside , visitors will be subjected to " 4 - D " screenings of a film depicting the world of 2030 through the eyes of a Chinese - American woman who visited Expo 2010 .
This film , no surprise , is produced by longtime acquaintances of Shanghai Expo 2010 , Inc. ’s Warner Bros. founders .
William Bostwick , an architecture and design writer for Fast Company , commenting to me on the pavilion in light of the long - past era of great U.S. pavilions , such as the iconic , Buckminster Fuller - designed geodesic dome for Expo ‘ 67 in Montreal , notes : " The building is basically a giant movie theater — the architecture is totally secondary to the so - called ‘ 4 - D multimedia ’ display inside . "
Bostwick ’s withering opinion is not an outlier ; the U.S. architectural community has begun to take notice and their assessments are even harsher .
It did n’t have to be this way , and in fact , it ’s likely that — had Shanghai Expo 2010 , Inc. been subjected to an architectural competition — the unimaginative design favored by the ex-Warner Bros.
executives would not have been the choice of a review panel of even middling U.S. architects .
Already , it has been eclipsed by better buildings and concepts located throughout the Expo grounds .
In addition , considerable suspicion revolves around how the $ 61 million — 92 percent of which has already been raised , largely due to the efforts of Clinton and Villarreal — is being spent .
Alas , when I asked Villarreal if he would be willing to release the pavilion ’s budget , he demurred , telling me that the question would be more properly addressed to the pavilion ’s board of directors .
In any case , the pavilion seems to have encountered financial problems , requiring , some say , a loan from the Chinese government to stay afloat .
The budget documents , if they exist , would likely go far to illuminate how , precisely , Shanghai Expo 2010 resurrected itself after informing the State Department in October 2008 that it was " shutting down " due to a shortage of " time and money . "
In two spring 2009 interviews , Nick Winslow informed me that he ’d arranged a Chinese government loan for the purpose .
Subsequently , the U.S. consul general in Shanghai informed me that Winslow had been misquoted .
Villarreal , when I asked him about the loan last week , said that it may have been a misunderstanding based upon " semantics . "
" I had heard that the Chinese had done some preparatory foundational work [ at the U.S. pavilion site ] , " he said .
" Some might have characterized that as a loan . "
Other fundraising questions persist , including a perceived conflict between Eliasoph ’s ongoing solicitation of funding from U.S. and Chinese companies while her husband , Kasoff , continues to oversee trade access issues for many of these same companies from the Commerce Department .
When I asked the department about Kasoff ’s role , the chairman of Shanghai Expo 2010 , Frank Lavin , explicitly declined to answer queries .
( Villarreal told me he ’d seen " no shred " of evidence of Kasoff ’s involvement in the pavilion . )
With less than two months until the opening of Expo 2010 and the nearly completed U.S. pavilion , there ’s little that anyone can do to rectify the mistakes already made .
Hopefully , though , somebody at the State Department will exercise some leadership so that the same kind of debacle does n’t happen if the United States decides to participate at Expo 2015 in Milan .
Villarreal , for one , concedes , " We have to find a better way to do World Expos . "
2 Irvine Unified School District Students Test Positive For Coronavirus , Under QuarantineDays after resuming in - person learning , officials within the Irvine Unified School District announced on Wednesday that two of the 22,000 students in the district have now tested positive for coronavirus .
Stacey Butler reports .
16 minutes ago
Stolen Vehicle Pursuit Ends In Hollywood With Suspect
In CustodyThe Los Angeles Police Department was in pursuit Wednesday night of a suspected stolen vehicle being driven by an alleged parolee in the Hollywood area .
The suspect was taken into custody and transported to the hospital with unknown injuries .
19 minutes ago
Evelyn Taft 's Weather Forecast ( Sept. 30 ) Evelyn
Taft takes a look at tonight 's weather .
35 minutes ago
Chrissy Teigen , John Legend Announce Heartbreaking Loss Of Son JackSupermodel , host and cookbook author Chrissy Teigen took to social media on Wednesday to share news about the miscarriage of her son who she and husband John Legend named Jack .
39 minutes ago
Business Owner Responds To New LA County Reopening GuidelinesLos Angeles County has approved a plan to reopen indoor nail salons and indoor shopping malls with some restrictions , officials announced Wednesday .
Kandiss Crone reports .
54 minutes ago
' No Amount Of Money 's Gonna Fix It ' : Judge Approves $ 800 M Las Vegas Shooting SettlementA judge Wednesday approved an $ 800 million settlement in a lawsuit against MGM International Resorts over the 2017 mass shooting at a country music festival — just one day before the third anniversary .
55 minutes ago
San Bernardino Surpasses 55 K COVID - 19 Cases , Riverside Nears 60 KRiverside , San Bernardino and Ventura counties all reported additional deaths attributed to the novel coronavirus Wednesday .
1 hour ago
Vigil Held For 2 Brothers Killed In Westlake Village Crash
The boys were identified as 11 - year - old Mark Iskander and 9 - year - old Jake Iskander .
1 hour ago
Debates Commission Plans To Cut Off Mics If Trump Or Biden Break Rules
The commission that oversees the general election presidential debates said Wednesday it will be making changes to the format of the remaining two debates .
One key change it plans to implement : Cutting off the microphones of President Trump and Joe Biden if they break the rules , according to a source familiar with the commission 's deliberations .
The plans have not been finalized and the commission is still considering how it would carry out the plan .
2 hours ago
Parolee Arrested , Facing Domestic Violence Charges After South LA PursuitLAPD reported a man appeared to be kidnapping a woman in the South L.A. area around 3 p.m.
Police later learned the man involved is a parolee and the incident is domestic violence - related .
2 hours ago
45 Earthquakes Over M3.0 Rattle Salton Sea Area In 2.5 HoursThe biggest earthquake of Wednesday 's swarm measured at a 4.9 and struck just after 5 p.m .
3 hours ago
Deadly Accident Closes Northbound 110 Freeway in Downtown LAOne victim was ejected from the vehicle .
3 hours ago
OC Nonprofit Working Wardrobes Reopens In Santa Ana Months After Fire At Irvine FacilityWorking Wardrobes , a nonprofit organization that assists the unemployed , opened its new success center in Santa Ana after being forced out of its Irvine facility earlier this year due to a February fire .
5 hours ago
91 Human West Nile Virus Cases Reported In California As Officials Encourage Risk ReductionWest Nile virus , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , is the leading cause of mosquito - borne disease in the continental U.S. Alex Biston reports .
5 hours ago
STEAM : Hospital Call Center Operator Encourages Youth To Practice PerseveranceOf all of the STEAM disciplines , running a busy hospital call center relies most on technology and art .
Amber Lee reports .
5 hours ago
Judge Approves $ 800 M Las Vegas Shooting SettlementA judge Wednesday approved an $ 800 million settlement in a lawsuit against MGM Resorts over the 2017 mass shooting at a country music festival — just one day before the third anniversary .
5 hours ago
Election 2020 : Proposition 23
If passed , Proposition 23 would require dialysis clinics to hire more doctors or nurse practitioners and give the state more power to regulate the clinics .
6 hours ago
Convicted Felon Deonte Murray Charged In Compton Ambush Shooting Of 2 LA DeputiesAn ex-convict pleaded not guilty Wednesday to attempted murder and other charges in connection with the ambush shooting of two Los Angeles County Sheriff 's deputies earlier this month in Compton .
6 hours ago
67 - Year - Old Fontana Woman Takes Down IntruderAccording to police , 67 - year - old Lorenza Marrujo confronted an intruder after he broke into her Fontana apartment at a complex for seniors .
6 hours ago
Standoff With Kidnapping Suspect In South LA After Slow - Speed PursuitA man was taken into custody on Wednesday afternoon after leading LAPD officers on a pursuit .
Juan Hernandez , Desmond Shaw , and Suzie Suh have more .
6 hours ago
Amber Lee 's Weather Forecast ( Sept. 30 ) Potentially record - breaking heat expected across the Southland .
7 hours ago
2 Young Brothers Killed In Westlake Village Hit-And -RunRebecca Grossman , 57 , was arrested on two counts of vehicular manslaughter and is being held on $ 2 million bail .
A white Mercedes with front - end damage was towed away about a half - mile from where the boys were struck , but police did not say whether the crash was a hit - and - run .
7 hours ago
Hollywood Bowl , Music Center To Serve As Vote Centers For November ElectionThe Hollywood Bowl and the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion at the downtown Music Center were added Wednesday to the list of venues that will serve as voting centers for the November election .
Geoff Petrulis reports .
9 hours ago
Mother Of 4 Faces Faces State , Federal Charges Of Dealing Meth From Moreno Valley HomeA Moreno Valley mother of 4 faces charges of dealing and trafficking methamphetamine in Riverside ’s La Sierra and Arlanza neighborhoods .
Geoff Petrulis reports .
9 hours ago
You 're not a true geek until you eat , breathe , and live your geeky obsession -- the key word here being live .
How do you display your geekiness at home ?
Do you have a poster ?
A few figurines ?
Perhaps even Space Invaders wall decals ?
Well , a few people out there have gone a step further in expressing themselves :
They 've transformed their homes into übergeek havens , sometimes at great personal expense .
Here are some of the geekiest homes and apartments we could find , from a low - impact Hobbit house to a 3.3 - million - brick Lego house to a Star Trek apartment .
Other Slideshows You May Enjoy :
* Health Tips for Geeks
* A Brief History of Geeks
Added new community map cp_freight
Added missing physics models for several items
Added jiggle bones to the Sam & Max items , and The Buff Banner
Added Crit-a- Cola
Linux optimizations .
Fixed Linux servers not relisting correctly after a master server restart
Fixed a case where servers could have " ghost " players consuming player slots
Marked the " snd_show " convar as a cheat
Pyro changes
Flamethrower direct damage reduced 20 % .
Burn duration reduced ( 10 -> 6 seconds ) .
Airblast re-fire delay reduced by 25 % .
Airblast ammo usage reduced by 20 % .
All reflected rockets / grenades / arrows now mini-crit .
Airblasting enemies into environmental deaths now awards the death credit to the Pyro .
Heavy changes
Minigun spin- up / down time reduced by 25 %
Minigun firing movement speed increased to just under half - normal ( from 80 to 110 ) .
Throwing a sandvich to a teammate now earns a full bonus point ( was half a point ) .
Bonk !
changes
Post -use movement penalty removed .
Now has a re-use cooldown time , like The Sandman .
The Chargin ' Target changes
Direct charge hit now does 50 damage + 10 per head ( up to 5 heads ) .
Capped the turn rate from + left and + right while charging .
The Huntsman changes
Removed restriction that arrows need to be aimed before they can be lit by a Pyro .
Bow can now be lowered without losing the lit arrow .
Changed bow so you can start charging it while you 're jumping , but you can't fire until you 're on the ground .
Fixed bug where flame effect would get stuck on if you change weapons with a lit arrow .
Backpack changes
Moved Crafting button out to the root class / backpack selection panel .
Dragging and dropping items in your backpack now makes appropriate sounds .
Bot changes
Bots do n't retreat to gather health as readily if they are in combat .
Bots no longer retreat when moving to block a point capture .
Bots should now equip an appropriate combat weapon and fight while moving to collect health .
Bots who are roaming the map and hunting now chase down their victims , following them around corners .
Bots
That fire projectiles ( ie : rockets / grenades / etc ) do n't hold down their fire button for a minimum time .
This was causing Soldier bots to fire rockets into nearby walls as they strafed , killing themselves .
Soldiers bots now switch to their shotgun after firing all four rockets when engaging an enemy .
Added a few more bot names from community suggestions .
Fixed a behavior loop with Engineer metal gathering .
The Sandman change
Added a slight speed reduction to stunned players .
Community requests
Added ConVars log_verbose_enable and log_verbose_interval to report player positions in the server log at regular intervals
log_verbose_enable default : 0
log_verbose_interval default : 3 secs
" Last - weapon " initialization on respawn now sets itself to be the melee weapon if you donât have a selectable secondary weapon ( like The Razorback ) .
Fixed an case where The Gunboats didnât apply their damage reduction properly .
The amount count in the HUD now flashes red when youâre low on ammo .
Extinguishing a burning teammate now earns a full bonus point ( was half a point ) .
Fixed a permanent overheal exploit involving dispensers .
Fixed a bug in spectator mode where the user aborted out of freezecam , setup a spec mode ( like IN_EYE ) , and would then have the setting stomped after the freezecam timer expired .
Fixed bug with disguised spy sometimes seeing his own name in the disguise status HUD .
Fixed a client crash that could result from players with arrows embedded in them .
Fixed items that can be worn by any class having the wrong model when worn by a disguised Spy .
Added missing map prefixes to server browser game types .
Killing yourself with your own sentry no longer increments the sentry 's kill counter .
Fixed dropped hats sometimes having the wrong team color .
Fixed crit - boosted players not getting critical hits if their weapon has custom no -crit behavior .
Fixed the achievement dialog taking a long time to pop up , and completed achievements now sort to the bottom of the list .
Fixed Spies disguised as Medics hearing the autocaller sound .
Updates to Team Fortress 2 have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The major changes include :
Sponsors
Archives Archives Select Month September 2020 ( 110 ) August 2020 ( 178 ) July 2020 ( 226 ) June 2020 ( 203 ) May 2020 ( 285 ) April 2020 ( 291 ) March 2020 ( 246 ) February 2020 ( 218 ) January 2020 ( 213 ) December 2019 ( 215 ) November 2019 ( 193 ) October 2019 ( 216 ) September 2019 ( 211 ) August 2019 ( 256 ) July 2019 ( 228 ) June 2019 ( 218 ) May 2019 ( 250 ) April 2019 ( 275 ) March 2019 ( 295 ) February 2019 ( 255 ) January 2019 ( 281 ) December 2018 ( 252 ) November 2018 ( 285 ) October 2018 ( 308 ) September 2018 ( 291 ) August 2018 ( 270 ) July 2018 ( 333 ) June 2018 ( 298 ) May 2018 ( 321 ) April 2018 ( 301 ) March 2018 ( 291 ) February 2018 ( 241 ) January 2018 ( 330 ) December 2017 ( 261 ) November 2017 ( 270 ) October 2017 ( 290 ) September 2017 ( 294 ) August 2017 ( 340 ) July 2017 ( 283 ) June 2017 ( 317 ) May 2017 ( 349 ) April 2017 ( 324 ) March 2017 ( 365 ) February 2017 ( 317 ) January 2017 ( 367 ) December 2016 ( 347 ) November 2016 ( 294 ) October 2016 ( 306 ) September 2016 ( 254 ) August 2016 ( 287 ) July 2016 ( 326 ) June 2016 ( 263 ) May 2016 ( 292 ) April 2016 ( 260 ) March 2016 ( 302 ) February 2016 ( 268 ) January 2016 ( 337 ) December 2015 ( 304 ) November 2015 ( 234 ) October 2015 ( 259 ) September 2015 ( 238 ) August 2015 ( 264 ) July 2015 ( 243 ) June 2015 ( 213 ) May 2015 ( 235 ) April 2015 ( 211 ) March 2015 ( 259 ) February 2015 ( 212 ) January 2015 ( 245 ) December 2014 ( 236 ) November 2014 ( 221 ) October 2014 ( 218 ) September 2014 ( 259 ) August 2014 ( 217 ) July 2014 ( 235 ) June 2014 ( 241 ) May 2014 ( 243 ) April 2014 ( 260 ) March 2014 ( 289 ) February 2014 ( 269 ) January 2014 ( 263 ) December 2013 ( 264 ) November 2013 ( 241 ) October 2013 ( 234 ) September 2013 ( 215 ) August 2013 ( 224 ) July 2013 ( 254 ) June 2013 ( 272 ) May 2013 ( 260 ) April 2013 ( 279 ) March 2013 ( 277 ) February 2013 ( 294 ) January 2013 ( 343 ) December 2012 ( 308 ) November 2012 ( 277 ) October 2012 ( 308 ) September 2012 ( 270 ) August 2012 ( 263 ) July 2012 ( 247 ) June 2012 ( 298 ) May 2012 ( 287 ) April 2012 ( 295 ) March 2012 ( 304 ) February 2012 ( 264 ) January 2012 ( 280 ) December 2011 ( 251 ) November 2011 ( 261 ) October 2011 ( 281 ) September 2011 ( 187 ) August 2011 ( 258 ) July 2011 ( 219 ) June 2011 ( 225 ) May 2011 ( 239 ) April 2011 ( 268 ) March 2011 ( 249 ) February 2011 ( 205 ) January 2011 ( 209 ) December 2010 ( 188 ) November 2010 ( 172 ) October 2010 ( 219 ) September 2010 ( 185 ) August 2010 ( 203 ) July 2010 ( 175 ) June 2010 ( 167 ) May 2010 ( 164 ) April 2010 ( 152 ) March 2010 ( 165 ) February 2010 ( 135 ) January 2010 ( 121 ) December 2009 ( 126 ) November 2009 ( 66 ) October 2009 ( 87 ) September 2009 ( 65 ) August 2009 ( 56 ) July 2009 ( 64 ) June 2009 ( 54 ) May 2009 ( 35 ) April 2009 ( 38 ) March 2009 ( 40 ) February 2009 ( 33 ) January 2009 ( 42 ) December 2008 ( 16 ) November 2008 ( 14 ) October 2008 ( 10 ) September 2008 ( 8 ) August 2008 ( 11 ) July 2008 ( 7 ) June 2008 ( 8 ) May 2008 ( 8 ) April 2008 ( 4 ) March 2008 ( 5 ) February 2008 ( 6 ) January 2008 ( 10 ) December 2007 ( 3 ) November 2007 ( 5 ) October 2007 ( 9 ) September 2007 ( 7 ) August 2007 ( 21 ) July 2007 ( 9 ) June 2007 ( 3 ) May 2007 ( 3 ) April 2007 ( 1 ) March 2007 ( 5 ) February 2007 ( 4 ) November 2006 ( 1 ) October 2006 ( 2 ) August 2006 ( 3 ) July 2006 ( 1 ) June 2006 ( 1 ) May 2006 ( 3 ) April 2006 ( 1 ) March 2006 ( 1 ) February 2006 ( 5 ) January 2006 ( 1 ) October 2005 ( 1 ) September 2005 ( 3 ) May 2005 ( 1 )
DENVER -- The Detroit Red Wings ’ ridiculous rash of injuries has contributed greatly to their struggles .
But coach Mike Babcock acknowledges that they still should have a better record .
Now , they are as healthy and as deep as they have been all season .
And after they defeated the Colorado Avalanche 3 - 2 on Monday at the Pepsi Center , in the first game following the Olympic break , Babcock issued a challenge to his players .
“ We got to make a decision that we want to get in ( to the playoffs ) , ’’ Babcock said .
“ We got enough bodies now .
It ’s very evident , we should be a good hockey club .
“ You ca n’t win one , lose one .
You ca n’t play the first ( period ) like we did ( Monday ) and then play the second like we did .
You got to keep playing all the time .
We have the ability , now we got to dig in and find the will and the determination to get it done . ’’
The Red Wings dominated the first period and jumped out to a 2 - 0 lead , only to squander it in the second period .
But Nicklas Lidstrom scored a power - play goal at 10:57 of the third period to snap the tie and lift his team into eighth place in the Western Conference .
Detroit got a dominant performance from its top line , as Tomas Holmstrom had a goal and two assists , Johan Franzen scored a goal and Pavel Datsyuk picked up a pair of assists .
Lidstrom said they played with desperation in the third period .
“ We owned the first period and they took over the second , ’’ Lidstrom said .
“ There ’s 20 minutes to fight for two points and we played real well without the puck .
We ’re hanging in there , waiting for our chances , and the power play really responded . ’’
He said of his goal : “ Pav and Homer had a give - and - go on the right side .
When Pav got it back , two guys laid down in front of him so he could n’t shoot .
I just followed behind him and he made a great drop pass for pretty much an empty net for me . ’’
Jimmy Howard needed to make only 22 saves as the Red Wings were staunch defensively .
“ We did a great job deflecting them out for the most part , ’’ Howard said .
“ It was a great team effort .
We clogged up the neutral zone , we got back and broke plays up .
We skated well . ’’
Holmstrom opened the scoring with his 16th goal at 6:06 of the first period on pass from Datsyuk .
Franzen scored on the power play at 12:40 by taking the puck to the net .
The Avalanche tied the game on second - period goals from T.J. Galiardi ( 8:29 on a rebound from the crease ) and Chris Stewart ( 11:14 on shot through Howard ’s five - hole ) .
They appeared to gain a burst of momentum after an apparent power - play goal by Franzen at 6:28 was waved off by referee Kerry Fraser , who ruled that Holmstrom made incidental contact with goalie Craig Anderson .
“ Homer was in the paint and Kerry Fraser said he did n’t allow the goalie to play , ’’ Babcock said .
“ You got to be outside the paint . ’’
In the end , it was irrelevant .
The Red Wings welcomed back defenseman Andreas Lilja , who had n’t played in 12 months due to a concussion , and got a boost from Brian Rafalski , who arrived earlier in the day from Vancouver after playing for the U.S. in the Olympic gold - medal game .
They launched a successful post - break playoff push .
Babcock , operating on two hours sleep after coaching Canada to the gold medal , stressed a sense of urgency , saying , “ They pay me to have this team in the playoffs .
“ We ’re a good team .
We should have more points than we do , ’’ Babcock said .
“ That was the best lineup we dressed all year .
Now we got a chance .
This group has got to decide that we ’re getting on a run , and then would n’t you just love to draw us in the first round ? ’’
The hateful acts that occurred at the tea party rally in Washington this weekend were not isolated incidents -- they are part of a growing pattern of violent rhetoric , racially charged imagery , and paranoid conspiracy theories emerging from the Republican party 's grassroots supporters .
Republicans officials have contributed to this atmosphere with fear - mongering and coded racism , and they have actively courted this element of their party .
It 's time that Republican leadership is forced to address what it 's helped to create .
Please join us in confronting Republican leaders and demanding that they take responsibility for tamping down the bigotry and hate among their supporters , and that they disavow the fear - mongering that leads to it .
And please ask your friends and family to do the same -- unless we take a strong stand against this kind of hate , it will continue .
We need as many people as possible -- of every race -- demanding that it stop .
Our members are calling on Michael Steele , John Boehner , and Mitch McConnell to do two things :
Here 's the message we sent to our members today :
Dear ColorOfChange.org member ,
It 's time to hold the Republican Party accountable .
You 've probably heard about Tea Party members shouting " Nigger ! " at Black Congressmen during a protest in Washington , D.C. last weekend .
One of the protesters spat on Congressman Emmanuel Cleaver , while another called openly gay Representative Barney Frank a " faggot " as the laughing crowd imitated his lisp .
1
But Saturday was just the most recent example of the intolerance and hate coming from right - wing extremists this past year .
At times it 's been instigated by Republican leaders .
When not , it 's usually condoned and seen as part of a strategy to score politically .
Either way , it 's completely unacceptable and has to stop .
It 's time to confront Republican leadership and force them to take responsibility for the atmosphere they 've helped create .
Join us in drawing a line in the sand , and ask your friends and family to do the same :
http://colorofchange.org/hate/
We 're calling on RNC Chair Michael Steele , House Minority Leader John Boehner , and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell to publicly do two simple things :
Unequivocally condemn bigotry and hate among their supporters , and make clear that those who embrace it have no place in their party .
Make clear that they will not tolerate fear - mongering and coded appeals to racism from officials in the Republican party , at any level .
Republican leaders publicly denounced Saturday 's ugly scene , but they failed to acknowledge that this is only the latest incident in a pattern of violent rhetoric , racially charged imagery , and paranoid conspiracy theories at Tea Party rallies .
2
Many Tea Partiers are n't simply about dissent -- they use fear and hatred to assault the very legitimacy of our elected leaders .
It 's the worst America has to offer .
Despite this , Republican leaders court the Tea Party movement while methodically supporting , exacerbating and exploiting their fear and anger for cynical political ends .
3
This is nothing less than a betrayal of American values , and it's up to us to force the Republicans to stop aiding and abetting this enterprise :
http://colorofchange.org/hate/
The Tea Party movement has been marked by racially inflammatory and violent outbursts since its inception a year ago .
GOP leaders are trying to pass off this weekend 's assaults on Congressmen Lewis , Cleaver , Clyburn and Frank as isolated incidents .
But when so - called " isolated incidents " crop up again and again , a pattern starts to emerge .
The examples are numerous .
At rallies held to protest tax day last year , Tea Partiers carried signs that announced " Obama 's Plan : White Slavery , " " The American Taxpayers are the Jews for Obama 's Oven , " and " Guns Tomorrow ! "
4
The Republican National Committee had endorsed the rallies , and RNC Chairman Michael Steele encouraged Tea Partiers to send a " virtual tea bag " to President Obama and Democratic Congressional leadership .5
After reports of the fear - mongering signs surfaced , Steele did nothing to distance his party from the lunatic fringe .
He has even gone so far as to say that if he did n't have his current position , he'd be " out there with the tea partiers . " 6 Some Republican governors even planned a " Tea Party 2.0 " for the following month in an effort to build on the rallies ' momentum .
7
The Tea Party 's venomous rhetoric picked up steam over the summer , when angry mobs flooded town hall meetings legislators had organized as sites for rational , civil debate on health care reform .
After one meeting in Atlanta , a swastika was painted on the office of Congressman David Scott ( D - GA ) , who had also received a flier addressed to " nigga David Scott . "
8
Some protesters showed up at town hall meetings carrying guns , including at least one man who was armed at an event where the President was speaking 9 .
Again , Republicans responded to these tactics with silence , doing nothing to denounce them .
Similarly , there was no public outcry from Republican leadership when Mark Williams , a leader of the Tea Party movement , was exposed for having described the President as " an Indonesian Muslim turned welfare thug and a racist in chief " on his blog .10 Instead , members of the GOP continued to show up to and endorse Tea Party rallies .
And as recently as Sunday -- the day that the historic health care bill passed the House -- Republican members of the House riled up the same Tea Party crowd that had earlier harassed their fellow members with hate and bigotry .
Our country deserves better than this .
No matter what party one supports , we should all take strong action to support civil , honest , and respectful public debate .
Can you take a moment to call on Michael Steele , John Boehner , and Mitch McConnell to denounce the racist rhetoric and fear - mongering that have been ongoing , significant characteristics of the Tea Party movement , and tell those who embrace these divisive and un-American beiefs that they have no place in their party , as members or leaders ?
And when you do , please ask your family and friends to do the same :
http://colorofchange.org/hate/
Thanks and Peace ,
-- James , Gabriel , William , Dani , Milton and the rest of the ColorOfChange.org team
March 23rd , 2010
1. " Tea Party Protests : ' Ni**er , ' ' Fa** ot ' Shouted At Members Of Congress , " Huffington Post , 3-20-2010
http://huff.to/atRmru
2. " 10 Most Offensive Tea Party Signs And Extensive Photo Coverage From Tax Day Protests , " Huffington Post , 4-16-09
http://huff.to/9Sgf3S
3. " Memo Reveals GOP Plan to Exploit Fear of Obama , " AOL News , 3-4-2010
http://huff.to/c4ZOH4
4. See Reference 2
5 . " Tax Day Tea Parties Officially Endorsed By Republican Party , " Huffington Post , 5-15-2009
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2009/04/14/tax-day-tea-parties-offic_n_186788.html
6 . " Steele : I 'd join the tea parties , " Politico , 1-15 - 10
http://www.politico.com/news/stories/0110/31177.html
7. " GOP govs plan Tea Party sequel , " Politico , 5-12-2009
http://www.politico.com/news/stories/0509/22436.html
8. " Rep. David Scott 's ( D - Ga ) office spray - painted with Swastika , " Daily Kos , 8-11-2009
http://bit.ly/8YInIb
9. " Armed and Dangerous ? " Talking Points Memo , 8-11-2009
http://bit.ly/LV1wb
10 . " Tea party leader calls Obama a welfare thug , " The Loop , 9-15-09
http://theloop21.com/news/teaparty-leaders-calls-obama-welfare-thug
He picks her up off the street and she gives head before he drills her
Today , the entire public school system of Oregon will embrace Google Apps .
400,000 Students , teachers , and administrators will have access to a common e-mail and chat system , cloud - based collaboration tools , and a robust multimedia streaming service .
Traditionally , statewide adoptions of any kind in education are hotly contested , with the most minute details up for extended debate .
But the case for Google Apps in education is compelling in many ways .
We interviewed the architects of this plan , as well as others who use Google in the classroom , and we 've highlighted the three major benefits : 1 ) It saves schools money ; 2 ) It boosts academic performance and motivation , and ; 3 ) It prepares students for digital communication in the real world .
Saving Money
Money is often the top issue when it comes to educational reform , and the outlook for Google Apps is certainly good .
The Oregon Department of Education estimates a savings of $ 1.5 million per year .
Even the relatively humble Maine Township District 207 in Illinois , another school system that currently utilizes Google Apps , estimates their savings to be an impressive $ 160,000 each year .
Google Apps for educational institutions is free .
The savings largely come from the replacement of legacy e-mail systems and desktop office application suites , and these figures include the associated costs of IT support and infrastructure upgrades .
For Steve Nelson , Technology of Director of Oregon Virtual Schools , these savings allow the state to provide multimedia streaming services that support student - generated content , which he says was “ not economically feasible ” without Google .
Henry
Thiele , IT director for District 207 says he is “ surprised by how many schools do n't even know that [ Google apps ] is there . ”
And , when they hear about the opportunity , says , Thiele , they ’re curious to know “ what the catch is . ”
Thiele simply responds , “ There is no catch . ”
Boosting Student Motivation and Performance
“ Our students involved in this program are increasing their reading ability at rates faster than anything we ’ve seen before , ” says Thiele .
He is referring to an English course which pairs high - risk 9th graders with their own laptop .
District 207 expects an average gain of three points on reading tests over the course of the year , and observes that at - risk students ’ scores typically either stay stagnant , or fall behind .
For those in this program , scores have skyrocketed between 8 and 10 points .
While Google Apps alone was not the only factor in raising test scores , its low cost and collaborative nature made the 1 - to - 1 curriculum possible .
Principal Jason Levy , who helped usher in Google Apps for New York 's Intermediate School 339 ( see the PBS documentary below ) finds that 47 % of students now perform at grade level for math , up from 27 % .
Additionally , both Thiele and Levy observe greater focus and fewer disciplinary problems .
“ Behavior has improved , attendance is higher , and suspension levels have fallen , ” reports Levy .
Both educators ’ observations are par for the course , as other classroom experiments confirm that technology in education helps to boost student interest .
It 's not hard to understand why .
" People talk a lot about kids — that they can't focus and sustain their concentration .
Well , neither can I , ” admits Levy .
Embracing children ’s need to be social , combined with their rapid adoption of technology , is an organic way to work with the grain of human curiosity .
Preparation for the Real World
In addition to the obvious benefits of collaboration and familiarity with technology , Google Apps is helping to prepare students for the outside world in some innovative ways .
At Notre Dame , for instance , Engineering students keep a running e-portfolio of the classroom projects with Google Sites .
The digital accumulation of their college efforts will likely mean more to future employers than the bullet points on a resume .
A Maine Township teacher is using Google Spreadsheets to free the science classroom from the confines of the textbook .
Students conduct actual experiments and code the data in collaborative online tables .
In this instance , students get their hands dirty , literally , by measuring plant growth in various soil types , and analyzing the data using digital tools , just as a real scientist would .
This common sense model seems like an inexpensive and engaging way to help the Department of Education meet its goal of increasing U.S. scientific competitiveness , as outlined in the ambitious “ Race to the Top ” agenda .
Conclusion
“ The enhanced functionality is absolutely staggering , ” gushes Nelson .
Indeed , every one of my interviewees had nothing but positive reviews of Google Apps in an educational context .
Regardless of what one may think of Google as a company , its contributions to the American education system are certainly noteworthy .
That more school districts are starting to adopt Google Apps for use in the classroom is in many ways an affirmation of the broader cloud computing model in enterprise settings .
The increasing maturity of these tools , paired with significant cost savings , makes web apps attractive to cash - strapped school departments .
The Oregon decision to adopt Google Apps across its entire school system is perhaps a harbinger of a more cloud - based future for education .
For more technology coverage , follow Mashable Tech on Twitter or become a fan on Facebook
More tech and education resources from Mashable :
The Belgian government has effectively collapsed .
The Flemish liberal party has pulled out of Yves Leterme ’s coalition causing a political crisis just weeks before Belgium is due to take over the six - month EU presidency .
After holding an emergency Cabinet meeting Leterme tendered his government ’s resignation
to King Albert who has not yet decided whether to accept it .
The liberal Open VLD party says it has lost faith in the government because it has failed to resolve a dispute between French and Dutch speaking parties over electoral boundaries around the capital .
The row centres on special rights which apply to French speakers in the Brussels Halle - Vilvorde suburbs where around 100,000 French speakers live .
The Liberals want the government to table a proposal to break - up Brussels and Halle - Vilvorde and put it to a parliamentary vote .
President of the Flemish Liberal Open VLD party Alexander de Croo said : “ By withdrawing our confidence and asking for the proposal to break - up the BHV I want to impose maximum pressure and force everyone to accept their responsibilities in order to reach a definitive solution over the BHV issue . ”
Flemish run communities on the outskirts of the capital have been trying to dissuade French speakers from moving in , largely by demanding they speak Dutch , enforcing stringent housing rules and seeking to suppress special voting rights .
Talks broke down without a deal prompting the Liberals to walk - out paralysing political activity ..
A vote on banning the Islamic veil , has had to be postponed indefinitely until the political deadlock has been resolved .
Belgium will take over the six - month EU presidency in July , a role that allows member states to help drive policy .
That role would be undermined if Belgium has a caretaker government or worse , no government at all .
*** UPDATE 2 ***
Pokédroid will be removed from the Android Market shortly .
A legal representative of The Pokémon Company has responded to me via email .
He has confirmed that TPC would like Pokédroid , and all similar apps , to be removed from the Android Market .
TPC 's stance is apparently that they do n't want any Pokédex or Pokémon - related apps at all for the Android platform .
They feel that such apps infringe upon their copyrights and compete with the print versions of their strategy guides .
While I disagree with this decision , which I believe is detrimental to the interests of both Pokémon fans and TPC alike , I have decided to comply with their request .
Thus , henceforth I will cease all development on Pokédroid and remove it from the Android Market .
When this page goes down , please visit my site ( www.nolanlawson.com) for more information .
I will _not_ host the APK there .
It has been a pleasure to serve the Pokémon community .
I hope you had as much fun using Pokédroid as I had writing it .
- Nolan
*** UPDATE ***
Pokédroid might be removed from the Android Market due to a copyright claim by The Pokémon Company .
Many Pokédex apps were already removed , including Pokédroid Donate .
I am currently trying to contact The Pokémon Company in order to get permission to keep Pokédroid ( and similar apps ) on the Market .
I 'll post updates as the situation develops .
***
Did n't you ever wish you had a real talking Pokédex , just like Ash Ketchum in the TV show ?
I 'm 25 and I still do .
Well , now it 's finally here !
Search by voice , and this unofficial Pokédex will read the description aloud ( in Android 1.6 + only ) .
Version 1.4 includes an update for Pokémon Black / White .
You can use the Game Version setting to toggle between newer and older games .
Enjoy !
Tips for new users :
- Long -press on a cry to save it as a ringtone or notification .
- Swipe left and right on a Pokémon 's page to browse through the list of Pokémon .
- Long -press on a move to see Pokémon that learn that move .
- The " Moves " section of Advanced Search is basically an Attackdex .
You can search by attack name and sort by power , accuracy , type , etc .
- Tap a sprite to toggle shiny .
- The " Text - to - Speech Locale " setting lets you toggle the Pokédex voice between American and British accents .
- You can search Pokémon right from your home screen !
Go to About > Add-ons > Search Widget for more info .
- Most of the data is provided by Marriland , so thank him by going to his site !
http://pokemon.marriland.com
seo : pokemon , pokedex , pokedroid
Recent changes :
1.5.2
- New intro message
1.5.1
- Fix for some reported FCs
1.5
- BASIC Black / White locations added .
I know some legendaries / starters / etc. are missing , but I will add them later .
- Locations and moves in dropdown menus .
Content rating : Everyone
*** UPDATE 2 ***
Pokédroid will be removed from the Android Market shortly .
A legal representative of The Pokémon Company has responded to me via email .
He has confirmed that TPC would like Pokédroid , and all similar apps , to be removed from the Android Market .
TPC 's stance is apparently that they do n't want any Pokédex or Pokémon - related apps at all for the Android platform .
They feel that such apps infringe upon their copyrights and compete with the print versions of their strategy guides .
While I disagree with this decision , which I believe is detrimental to the interests of both Pokémon fans and TPC alike , I have decided to comply with their request .
Thus , henceforth I will cease all development on Pokédroid and remove it from the Android Market .
When this page goes down , please visit my site ( www.nolanlawson.com) for more information .
I will _not_ host the APK there .
It has been a pleasure to serve the Pokémon community .
I hope you had as much fun using Pokédroid as I had writing it .
- Nolan
*** UPDATE ***
Pokédroid might be removed from the Android Market due to a copyright claim by The Pokémon Company .
Many Pokédex apps were already removed , including Pokédroid Donate .
I am currently trying to contact The Pokémon Company in order to get permission to keep Pokédroid ( and similar apps ) on the Market .
I 'll post updates as the situation develops .
***
Did n't you ever wish you had a real talking Pokédex , just like Ash Ketchum in the TV show ?
I 'm 25 and I still do .
Well , now it 's finally here !
Search by voice , and this unofficial Pokédex will read the description aloud ( in Android 1.6 + only ) .
Version 1.4 includes an update for Pokémon Black / White .
You can use the Game Version setting to toggle between newer and older games .
Enjoy !
Tips for new users :
- Long -press on a cry to save it as a ringtone or notification .
- Swipe left and right on a Pokémon 's page to browse through the list of Pokémon .
- Long -press on a move to see Pokémon that learn that move .
- The " Moves " section of Advanced Search is basically an Attackdex .
You can search by attack name and sort by power , accuracy , type , etc .
- Tap a sprite to toggle shiny .
- The " Text - to - Speech Locale " setting lets you toggle the Pokédex voice between American and British accents .
- You can search Pokémon right from your home screen !
Go to About > Add-ons > Search Widget for more info .
- Most of the data is provided by Marriland , so thank him by going to his site !
http://pokemon.marriland.com
seo : pokemon , pokedex , pokedroid
Recent changes :
1.5.2
- New intro message
1.5.1
- Fix for some reported FCs
1.5
- BASIC Black / White locations added .
I know some legendaries / starters / etc. are missing , but I will add them later .
- Locations and moves in dropdown menus .
Content rating : Everyone
Show full description
Hide full description
Tom Hicks and George Gillett , Liverpool 's unpopular co-owners , are expected to officially put the club up for sale this week but are unlikely to appease the manager , Rafael Benítez , or supporters opposed to their reign with an imminent departure from Anfield .
The Americans have received an option to extend their refinancing deal this summer from the Royal Bank of Scotland , their lenders , in response to the struggle to bring new investment into the club .
The pair have hired the mergers and acquisitions arm of Barclays Bank to help find a buyer and are expected to announce the appointment of Martin Broughton , the chairman of British Airways , as independent chairman early this week .
Broughton 's task will be to oversee the search for investment and secure the Americans ' latest refinancing package at Liverpool in the meantime .
Previously , and in a sign of their fractured business relationship , Hicks and Gillett appointed two separate banks , Rothschild and Merrill Lynch , to find an investor but have failed to receive an offer that meets their asking price of around £ 500 m .
The only official offer to emerge was The Rhône Group 's proposal of £ 110 m for a 40 % stake in Liverpool , although its deadline for a response passed last Monday .
The appointment of Barclays and Broughton , a Chelsea fan , had raised hope among Liverpool supporters opposed to Hicks and Gillett of their swift exit and much - needed transfer funds for Benítez this summer .
However , the absence of any suitable offers has led the co-owners to seek an extension to their refinancing deal and they have made progress with the RBS following talks in London last week .
It is understood a condition of RBS 's latest refinancing deal – which amounts to a six - month extension – is a commitment from Hicks and Gillett that they intend to relinquish their hold on Liverpool .
The Americans are expected to announce they will stand down as co-chairmen this week although , given the extension from the RBS and the bank 's insistence that £ 100 m of the club 's £ 237 m debt is repaid , their controversial tenure is likely to continue for some time .
That could have an impact on Benítez 's spending power in the summer , with the prospect of Champions League qualification fading after today 's goalless draw at home to Fulham .
" I do n't have too much information on this at this moment , " the Liverpool manager said .
There have been reports of a second refinancing offer to Hicks and Gillett , comprising a three - year deal worth £ 300 m from Barclays that would see the bank displace the RBS .
Anfield officials have distanced themselves from a refinancing deal with Barclays .
However , Hicks and Gillett could explore a deal with Barclays as a fallback option .
As we noted earlier this week , the attacks from some quarters that the President ’s Wall Street Reform proposal somehow opens the door to perpetual bailouts comes straight out of a now - infamous polling memo on how to defeat reform by pretending it does n’t go far enough .
A column from Paul Krugman in the New York Times today explains why this not only empty poll - driven rhetoric , but an absurd case of up - is - downism :
On Tuesday , Mitch McConnell , the Senate minority leader , called for the abolition of municipal fire departments .
Firefighters , he declared , “ wo n’t solve the problems that led to recent fires .
They will make them worse . ”
The existence of fire departments , he went on , “ not only allows for taxpayer - funded bailouts of burning buildings ; it institutionalizes them . ”
He concluded , “ The way to solve this problem is to let the people who make the mistakes that lead to fires pay for them .
We wo n’t solve this problem until the biggest buildings are allowed to burn . ”
O.K. , I fibbed a bit .
Mr. McConnell said almost everything I attributed to him , but he was talking about financial reform , not fire reform .
In particular , he was objecting not to the existence of fire departments , but to legislation that would give the government the power to seize and restructure failing financial institutions .
But it amounts to the same thing .
If there is a position that supports perpetual bailouts , it is protecting the status quo , where without reform government will be forced to make the awful choice between helping banks and letting the economy collapse over and over again .
That 's what led financial reporter John Harwood to say that " Senator McConnell ’s argument is a little silly when you look at the text of the bill . "
So let 's do exactly that and leave no doubt about who is really fighting to prevent the need for any more bailouts :
1 ) “ This bill not only allows for taxpayer - funded bailouts of Wall Street banks ; it institutionalizes them . ”
Incorrect : Under Chairman
Dodd ’s bill major failed financial firms will be sold off , broken apart , or otherwise liquidated ; management will be fired , creditors will suffer losses , and shareholders will be wiped out .
Wall Street , not taxpayers , will pay for any losses .
Chairman Dodd ’s bill specifically prohibits the use of any funds for “ bailing out ” financial institutions .
Under Chairman
Dodd ’s proposed resolution authority , large , interconnected financial firms facing insolvency would be sold off , broken apart , or otherwise liquidated over a limited time period .
In that process , culpable management would be replaced , shareholders would suffer losses , and there will be clear authority to impose losses on unsecured creditors in accordance with the priority of claim provisions in the bill . .
In addition , by requiring post - resolution assessments on the financial industry to recoup any losses , Chairman Dodd ’s bill makes it absolutely clear that large financial firms – not taxpayers – would bear any costs associated with the resolution of a failed financial firm .
Must liquidate .
Section 210 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( D ) of the bill passed by the Senate Banking Committee ( page 145 , as modified by the Manager ’s Amendment on page 54 , line 16 ) .
The Corporation shall , as receiver for a covered financial company , and subject to all legally enforceable and perfected security interests and all legally enforceable security entitlements in respect of assets held by the covered financial company , liquidate , and wind - up the affairs of a covered financial company , including taking steps to realize upon the assets of the covered financial company , in such manner as the Corporation deems appropriate , including through the sale of assets , the transfer of assets to a bridge financial company established under subsection ( h ) , or the exercise of any other rights or privileges granted to the receiver under this section .
Mandatory terms and conditions -- wipe out shareholders , fire management , creditors suffer losses ; Section 206 ; Page 140 , lines 3 - 19 .
“ In taking action under this title , the Corporation shall — ( 1 ) determine that such action is necessary for purposes of the financial stability of the United States , and not for the purpose of preserving the covered financial company ; ( 2 ) ensure that the shareholders of a covered financial company do not receive payment until after all other claims and the Fund are fully paid ; ( 3 ) ensure that unsecured creditors bear losses in accordance with the priority of claim provisions in section 210 ; and ( 4 ) ensure that management responsible for the failed condition of the covered financial company is removed ( if such management has not already been removed at the time at which the Corporation is appointed receiver ) . ”
Financial industry held responsible for any losses ; subparagraph ( C ) of Section 210 ( o ) ( 1 ) ; Page 280 , line 8 to Page 281 , line 2 . “ ( C ) Additional Assessments .
The Corporation shall charge one or more risk - based assessments in accordance with the provisions of subparagraph ( E ) , if — ( i ) the Fund falls below the target size after the initial capitalization period , in order to restore the Fund to the target size over a period of time determined by the Corporation ; ( ii ) the Corporation is appointed receiver for a covered financial company and the Fund incurs a loss during the initial capitalization period with respect to that covered financial company ; or ( iii ) such assessments are necessary to pay in full the obligations issued by the Corporation to the Secretary within 60 months of the date of issuance of such obligations .
2 ) “ The bill gives the Federal Reserve enhanced emergency lending authority that is far too open to abuse . ”
Incorrect : The Federal Reserve ’s emergency lending authorities are restricted , not expanded , under Chairman Dodd ’s bill .
Chairman Dodd ’s bill eliminates the ability of the Federal Reserve to provide firm - specific assistance , requires prior approval from Treasury of any emergency lending program , and imposes strict congressional reporting requirements .
Under Chairman Dodd ’s bill , the Federal Reserve may not use its emergency authorities to aid failing financial firms , and those authorities will be subject to new approvals and significant reporting to Congress .
Chairman Dodd ’s bill , in unequivocal terms , states that the Federal Reserve may not use its 13 ( 3 ) lending authorities to “ aid a failing financial company ” and requires that the collateral received for any such emergency loans be of “ sufficient quality to protect taxpayers from losses . ”
Failing firms will receive no protection from the emergency lending authorities of the Federal Reserve .
No aid to a failing financial firm ; Section 1151 ; Page 1304 , lines 1 - 8 .
“ Such policies and procedures shall be designed to ensure that any emergency lending program or facility is for the purpose of providing liquidity to the financial system , and not to aid a failing financial company , and that the collateral for emergency loans is of sufficient quality to protect taxpayers from losses . ”
Treasury approval prior to using emergency authorities ; Section 1151 ; Page 1304 , line 9 - 12 .
“ The Board may not establish any program or facility under this paragraph without the prior approval of the Secretary of the Treasury . ”
Enhanced congressional reporting requirements ; Section 1151 ; Pages 1304 , line 12 to 1308 , line 17 .
“ The Board shall provide to the Committee on Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives — ( i ) not later than 7 days after providing any loan or other financial assistance under this paragraph , a report that includes — ( I ) the justification for the exercise of authority to provide such assistance ;
( II ) the identity of the recipients of such assistance , subject to subparagraph ( D ) ;
( III ) the date and amount of the assistance , and form in which the assistance was provided ; and
( IV ) the material terms of the assistance , including — ( aa ) duration ;
( bb ) collateral pledged and the value thereof ;
( cc ) all interest , fees , and other revenue or items of value to be received in exchange for the assistance ;
( dd ) any requirements imposed on the recipient with respect to employee compensation ,
19 distribution of dividends , or any other corporate decision in exchange for the assistance ; and
( ee ) the expected costs to the taxpayers of such assistance ; and ( ii ) once every 30 days , with respect to any outstanding loan or other financial assistance under this paragraph , written updates on — ( I ) the value of collateral ;
( II ) the amount of interest , fees , and other revenue or items of value received in exchange for the assistance ; and
( III ) the expected or final cost to the taxpayers of such assistance .
( D ) ( i ) The Board shall disclose , not later than 1 year after the date on which assistance was first received under the facility , unless the Board determines that such disclosure likely would reduce the effectiveness of the program or facility in addressing or mitigating the financial market disruptions , financial market conditions , or other unusual and exigent circumstances sought to be addressed or mitigated by the program or facility , or would otherwise have a significant effect on the economic or financial market conditions —
( I ) the identity of the participants in an emergency lending program or facility commenced under this paragraph after the date of enactment of the Restoring American Financial Stability Act of 2010 ;
( II ) the amounts borrowed by each participant in any such program or facility and
( III ) identifying details concerning the assets or collateral held by , under , or in connection with such a program or facility within 1 year of the date on which assistance was first received under the program or facility .
( ii )
If the Board determines not to make the disclosures required in clause ( i ) within 1 year of the date on which a participant first received under a program or facility , then the Board shall — ‘ ‘( I ) provide to the Committee on Banking , Housing and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Financial Services a written report explaining the reasons for delaying the disclosures about such program or facility within 30 days of making such a determination ; and
‘( II ) provide to the Committee on Banking , Housing and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Financial Services each year thereafter a written report explaining the reasons for continuing to delay disclosure , until the disclosures are complete .
( iii )
The disclosures required in clause ( i ) shall be made not later than 12 months after the effective date of the termination of the facility by the Board .
( iv ) If the Board determines not to make the disclosures required in clause ( i ) , then the Comptroller General shall issue a report to the Committee on Banking , Housing and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Financial Services evaluating whether that determination is reasonable . ’’
3. “ … the mere existence of this fund will ensure that it gets used .
And one it ’s used up , taxpayers will be asked to cover the balance .
This is precisely the wrong approach . ”
Incorrect .
Under Chairman
Dodd ’s bill , FDIC and Treasury may only use the resolution authorities to protect the U.S. taxpayer from a financial crisis in connection with the failure of a major financial firm ; and they have no authority to use the Orderly Liquidation Fund for any other purpose .
First , the bill provides no authority whatsoever for Treasury or the FDIC to expend funds from the Orderly Liquidation Fund , other than in exercising the resolution authority established in Title II of the bill – that is , only in connection with the resolution of a failed financial firm .
There would be no reason and no authority to “ use ” the funds other than for their intended purpose .
Second , the bill mandates that financial firms be assessed fees to establish a $ 50 billion resolution fund .
And the bill mandates that , if the costs of resolving a financial firm exceed that amount , the additional costs will be paid by additional fees assessed on the largest financial institutions so that Wall Street , not taxpayers , will pay the price of financial failure .
Use of Orderly Liquidation Fund is limited to winding down failed firms ; Section 210 ( n ) ( 1 ) ; Page 272 , line 21 to Page 273 , line 6 .
“ There is established in the Treasury of the United States a separate fund to be known as the ‘‘ Orderly Liquidation Fund ’’ , which shall be available to the Corporation to carry out the authorities contained in this title , for the cost of actions authorized by this title , including the orderly liquidation of covered financial companies , payment of administrative expenses , the payment of principal and interest by the Corporation on obligations issued under paragraph ( 9 ) , and the exercise of the authorities of the Corporation under this title . ”
Fund amounts not needed for resolution can only be invested in U.S. Government securities ; Section 210( n ) (8 ) ; Page 274 , line 21 to Page 275 , line 4 . “ (8 ) Investments .
—At the request of the Corporation , the Secretary may invest such portion of amounts held in the Fund that are not , in the judgment of the Corporation , required to meet the current needs of the Corporation , in obligations of the United States having suitable maturities , as determined by the Corporation .
The interest on and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of such obligations shall be credited to the Fund . ”
Financial industry held responsible for the initial fund and any losses ; subparagraphs ( C ) and ( D ) of Section 210 ( o ) ( 1 ) ; Page 280 , line 8 to page 281 , line 2 . “ ( C ) Additional Assessments .
The Corporation shall charge one or more risk - based assessments in accordance with the provisions of subparagraph ( E ) , if — ( i ) the Fund falls below the target size after the initial capitalization period , in order to restore the Fund to the target size over a period of time determined by the Corporation ;
( ii ) the Corporation is appointed receiver for a covered financial company and the Fund incurs a loss during the initial capitalization period with respect to that covered financial company ; or
( iii ) such assessments are necessary to pay in full the obligations issued by the Corporation to the Secretary within 60 months of the date of issuance of such obligations .
Jen Psaki is Deputy Communications Director
Document Friday : “ This Would be the Signal for General Nuclear War ”
According to today ’s hot doc , the US Air Force was ready and willing to drop nuclear bombs on Communist China at the outset of the 1958 Taiwan Strait Crisis .
This 13 August 1958 State Department memo describes blow - by - blow how a dispute over two islands in the Taiwan Strait could have evolved into “ general nuclear war between the US and the USSR . ”
This memo , sent to President Eisenhower ’s Under Secretary of State , Christian Herter , depicts how nuclear war between the USA and USSR could have evolved from a dispute between Taiwan and the People ’s Republic of China over the islands of Quemoy and Matsu .
Taiwan held these two strategically important islands , but the PRC also claimed ( and shelled ) them .
America ’s “ existing contingent war plans , ” derived from its 1954 security agreement with Taiwan , “ call[ed ] for the defense of Quemoy and Matsu by nuclear strikes deep into Communist China , including military targets in the Shanghai - Hangchow - Nanking and Canton complexes where population density is extremely high . “
The memo ’s author , the Department of State ’s Director of Policy Planning , Gerald C. Smith , predicted that these nuclear strikes - “ comparable to the 20 KT weapons dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki ” - would lead to millions of “ non-combat [ read : civilian ] casualties . ”
And that would not be the end .
According to a contemporaneous National Intelligence Estimate , “ If our present military planning was carried out Peiping [ Beijing ] and its Soviet ally would probably feel compelled to react with nuclear attacks at least on Taiwan and on the [ US ] Seventh Fleet .
Under our present strategic concept , this would be the signal for general nuclear war between the US and USSR . ”
Fortunately , cooler heads prevailed .
President Eisenhower agreed with Smith ’s conclusion that without a local , non-nuclear defense force , “ The US does not have a politically feasible capability to defend Quemoy and Matsu… [ and ] will run the very grave risk of general nuclear war attendant on our present military planning . ”
An Air Force History of the Taiwan Crisis , obtained by a National Security Archive lawsuit , provides further information on this nuclear decision .
At the height of the crisis , the Joint Chiefs of Staff approached Eisenhower “ for permission to use nuclear weapons at the outset of hostilities , ” the President overruled them and clarified that “ under no circumstances would these weapons be used without his approval . ”
China did not invade the islands , but tensions between the PRC and Taiwan remain to this day .
The Air Force history concluded –with an almost melancholy tone– that after Eisenhower ’s strong rebuke of first use , “ The armed forces must expect civil authority to impose tight controls on them in times of emergency . ”
After reading this Top Secret description of the alternative , I think that ’s probably a good thing .
In Germany the fan is king .
The Bundesliga has the lowest ticket prices and the highest average attendance of Europe 's five major leagues .
At Borussia Dortmund their giant stand holds 26,000 and costs little more than £ 10 for admission .
Clubs limit the number of season tickets to ensure everyone has a chance to see the games , and the away team has the right to 10 % of the available capacity .
Match tickets double as free rail passes with supporters travelling in a relaxed atmosphere in which they can sing , drink beer to wash down their sausages , and are generally treated as desirables : a philosophy English fans can only dream of .
The Bundesliga may be Europe 's only fit and proper football league – the sole major domestic competition whose clubs collectively make a profit – yet no German team has won the Champions League for nine years .
This success rate , though , could be about to change following Bayern Munich 's advance to the semi-finals , following their thrilling disposal of Manchester United last week at Old Trafford .
" The Bundesliga as a brand , a competition , is in good shape .
We have a very , very interesting competition , a stable and sustainable business model that relies on three revenue sources , " the Bundesliga chief executive , Christian Seifert , tells Observer Sport .
A holy trinity comprising match - day revenue ( €424 m ) , sponsorship receipts ( €573 m ) and broadcast income ( €594 m ) is the main contributor to the Bundesliga 's € 1.7bn turnover .
A glance at the continent 's other major leagues confirms the state the sport is in .
On these shores Portsmouth dice with extinction , while Manchester United and Liverpool build mammoth debt mountains .
In Spain , where debts are just as high , La Liga players may strike because of unpaid wages in the lower divisions .
The stadiums of Italy are half - filled , and in France their clubs spend more of their income ( 71 % ) on players ' wages than those of any country .
Seifert says the success of the Bundesliga is because of the " core value " of the supporter coming first at its clubs .
This is why tickets are kept so cheap .
" Because the clubs do n't ask for more money , " he explains .
" It is not in the clubs ' culture so much [ to raise prices ] .
They are very fan orientated .
The Bundesliga has €350 m less per season than the Premier League in matchday revenues .
But you could not from one day to another triple prices .
" Borussia Dortmund has the biggest stand in the world .
The Yellow Wall holds 26,000 , and the average ticket price is € 15 ( £ 13 ) because they know how valuable such a fan culture and supporter base is .
" We have a very interesting situation .
First , tickets are cheap .
Second , many clubs limit the percentage of season tickets .
For instance , Borussia Dortmund , Schalke 04 , Hamburg , Bayern Munich .
They want to give more fans the chance to watch games live .
If you have 80 % , 100 % then it is all the same people in the stadium .
Also in Germany the guest club has the right to 10 % of the tickets for its fans . "
Last season La Liga attracted an average of 28,478 fans , Ligue 1 21,034 , Serie A 25,304 and the Premier League 35,592 .
These figures are dwarfed by the Bundesliga 's average of 41,904 .
Its soaring attendances are matched by a balanced approach to salaries .
" The crucial thing in last year 's € 1.7bn turnover and €30 m profit was that Bundesliga clubs paid less than 50 % of revenue in players wages , " Seifert says .
This is the continent 's lowest .
In 2007‑08 [ the most recent available year ] the Premier League paid out 62 % .
All this prudent financial management is achieved despite the Bundesliga 's television income being a modest € 594 m compared with the Premier League 's lucrative return of € 1.94bn .
Seifert explains the disparity .
" The TV market in Germany is very special .
When pay - TV was introduced in 1991 the average household already received 34 channels for free .
Therefore we had the most competitive free TV market in the world , so this influenced the growth of pay - TV very much .
We were forced to show all of the 612 games of the Bundesliga and second Bundesliga live on pay - TV .
So we have to carry the production costs of this . "
No Bundesliga team has won the Champions League since Bayern Munich beat Valencia in 2001 and its last finalist was Bayer Leverkusen , eight years ago .
But Seifert disputes whether the small return from television rights has been a defining factor in this record .
" Money - wise , Bayern Munich is ranked in the first four clubs of Europe .
And bear in mind even Chelsea , which spent a hell of a lot of money in the last years , did n't win it .
Sometimes you could have the feeling that the ability to win the Champions League goes in line with your willingness to burn a hell of a lot of money .
For that reason I think Uefa is on very good track with their financial fair play idea . "
Deloitte 's accountancy figures for the 2007 - 08 season show all but one Premier League club ( Aston Villa ) to be in debt .
Compare this with the Bundesliga report for last season , which offers a markedly disappointed tone when recording that " only 11 of the 18 clubs are now in the black " .
Pressed further on the lack of success in Europe 's premier club competition Seifert argues for sport 's cyclical nature .
" At the end of the 1990s the Bundesliga was the strongest in Europe .
In 1997 we had won the Champions League [ Borussia Dortmund ] and the Uefa Cup [ Schalke ] , " he says .
" Then in 1999 , 2001 and 2002 we were in the final at least .
In those days the Premier League had more money , too .
It depends not only on money but the quality you have – if it only depended on money then Porto would n't have played Monaco in the 2004 final . "
Seifert also points to German football 's success in producing its own players .
This is borne out by Germany being European champions at under - 17 , under - 19 , and under - 21 level .
" The Bundesliga and German FA made a right decision 10 years ago when they decided that to obtain a licence to play you must run an education camp [ academy ] .
The Bundesliga and second Bundesliga spend € 75 m a year on these camps .
" Five thousand players aged 12 - 18 are educated there , which has now made the number of under - 23 - year - olds in the Bundesliga 15 % .
Ten years ago it was 6 % .
This allows more money to be spent on the players that are bought , and there is a bigger chance to buy better , rather than average , players , " Seifert says of a league in which the stellar performers currently include Bayern 's Frank Ribéry and Arjen Robben .
" When Bayern played against Manchester United Philipp Lahm , Bastian Schweinsteiger , Holger Badstuber and Thomas Müller were all homegrown , " Seifert says .
" So yes , it 's a cyclical environment and you have to deal with that .
Therefore I 'd deny that you could really say whether a league is strong or weak just because one club wins or does not win the Champions League . "
Seifert 's view is supported by Arsenal having followed United out of the competition last week , when Arsène Wenger 's team were dismantled by Barcelona , to leave no Premier League presence in the semi-finals for the first time since 2003 .
And for the 2012 - 13 season Germany should have four places in the Champions League as by then they should have overtaken Serie A in Uefa 's five - year coefficients .
Seifert also has Spain in his sights .
" If we consider our financial capabilities and the stability of our business model , then the aim of the Bundesliga in the long run has got to be second place behind the Premier League , " he says .
Of all the Bundesliga 's regulations , the recent history of English football suggests it might have benefited most from the 50+1 rule .
This states that members of a club must retain at least 51 % ownership , so preventing any single entity taking control .
Portsmouth are the most glaring example of how an outsider might potentially ruin a club – their administrator is currently searching for their fifth owner of this season – and the Bundesliga recently reiterated the commitment to the rule following a challenge from Hannover 96 .
Martin Kind , Hannover 's president , wished to change the regulation .
He told Observer Sport : " The rule means the loss of many Bundesliga clubs ' ability to compete nationally and internationally .
And in some ways it prevents further development of German football , especially those clubs who play in the lower half of the Bundesliga as they do not have enough financial resources .
The ownership rule should be abandoned or modified . "
While Kind adds that his lawyers believe he has a " good chance " of winning the case when it is heard at the court of arbitration for sport this year , Seifert is proud that when the 36 clubs that comprise the Bundesliga 's two divisions voted on the issue " 35 were against " .
There are exceptions to the 50+1 rule .
Yet even these appear couched in common sense .
Seifert again : " Bayer Leverkusen and Wolfsburg [ whom Fulham knocked out of the Europa Cup on Thursday ] are two .
If a company is supporting football in a club for more than 20 years then it can acquire the majority .
The idea is that a company has by then proved to fans and the league that they take their engagement in the Bundesliga seriously , that it 's not just a fancy toy or part - time cash injection that [ could ] change from one day to another . "
What the Bundesliga does allow to be transformed from one season to the next is the prospect of any and all its clubs mounting a realistic tilt at the title as Wolfsburg 's triumph , the first in their 64 - year history , proved last season .
" In the last three years of the Bundesliga we have three different cup winners and three different champions , " Seifert says .
" Sepp Herberger , the coach of the West German team that won the 1954 World Cup , said : ' You know why people go to the stadium ?
Because they do n't know how it ends . ' "
Big Brother is always watching .
Or listening .
Or maybe just nabbing some info off of your unsecured Wi -Fi network .
Google has officially grounded its fleet of Street View cars after discovering that the rolling tech stations were inadvertently sampling data from open Wi -Fi networks .
How did this happen ?
According to a post on the search giant 's blog , a piece of errant code found its way into the same program that Google uses to help pinpoint businesses in your area .
As a result , tiny snippets of information were stored in the halls of Googledom as the Street View cars rolled through towns and cities all over the globe .
The company says that it was never looked at and that it wants to delete the information as soon as it gets the OK from authorities .
If it 's any consolation , Google says that the bits of data should be very small and very fragmented .
Why ?
For one thing , the Street View cars are moving , and the company says that the program was designed to change channels five times per second .
Even so , Google will submit the software to a third party for review .
The flaw was discovered following an audit from the German Data Protection Agency .
Let this be a lesson to you , kids : lock down your Wi -Fi . [ Source : Engadget via Google
There has been a great deal of talk lately among the radio and TV punditry about " socialism " in America .
In religious circles this conversation tends to take on moral overtones .
It is claimed that capitalism rewards work and punishes laziness .
By contrast , socialism , it is believed , enables laziness and vice .
Take the issue of taxes .
A " capitalist " claims that taxes are unfair .
Why tax people who work hard and make money ?
Why " redistribute wealth " by giving money to the idle and lazy ?
According to the " capitalist " , taxes are unfair and immoral .
By contrast , the " socialist " claims that success in life is n't solely the product of hard work .
Lots of luck is involved .
Not everyone gets into law school or medical school .
Not everyone is born with good looks , talent or a high IQ .
Not everyone gets born into good families and school districts .
And not everyone can be at the top .
There is only one Google or Microsoft .
Hard working competitors are just out of luck if they come in second place .
To succeed you must , by definition , succeed at someone else 's expense .
Thus , it is only fair and moral that you share the fruits of your success with the people you climbed over .
Work versus Luck .
This is issue is often at the root of the debate over taxation or government interventions to level the playing field .
Both ideologies make good points .
No doubt hard work is implicated in success .
But so is luck .
Consequently , how one views the taxation debate is largely the product of how one views the causal forces behind success .
Into this debate steps the book Outliers : The Story of Success by Malcolm Gladwell .
I love Gladwell 's work and would recommend his two others books -- The Tipping Point and Blink - - along with Outliers .
Outliers is a book about success .
And what impresses me about the book is that , chapter by chapter , it portrays the interplay between work and luck in the creation of success .
Let me give some examples .
First , let 's look at work .
Chapters 2 , 8 , and 9 of Outliers are odes to work .
For example , Chapter 2 is about the 10,000 Hour Rule , the notion that true expertise in a given area can only be attained after one has put in 10,000 hours of practice .
Take Tiger Woods as an example .
Clearly he 's talented .
But the story of Tiger Woods is largely about his childhood .
You ca n't explain Tiger Woods without talking about his father and Tiger 's commitment to practice as a child and adolescent .
Point to any other " genius " ( e.g. , Mozart , Bobby Fisher , The Beatles ) and you 'll find , behind the talent , 10,000 hours of practice .
In short , success involves hard work .
Drudgery .
Commitment .
Sweat .
Chapter 8 picks up on that same theme .
In Chapter 8 Gladwell tackles the puzzle of Asian excellence in math .
Are Asians genetically superior to Americans and Europeans in the area of mathematics ?
Rather than pointing to genetics to explain the standardized test score gap between Asians and Whites Gladwell tells a story of work .
It is largely a cultural story , a tale of the work ethic of the rice patties .
To understand this story one needs to understand the agriculture of rice patties .
Basically , rice is very difficult to grow , requiring hour - by - hour year round vigilance and sweat .
Which is very different from Western agriculture ( plant the corn , pray for rain , and take the winters off ) .
The cultural rice - farming legacy is captured by an Asian proverb , " No one who can rise before dawn three hundred sixty days a year fails to make his family rich . "
Rice farming is about year round , hour - by - hour work .
Gladwell 's argument is that success at math is largely a matter of work .
Math is hard .
And it takes persistence and sweat .
Asians , shaped by the cultural ethic of the rice patty , simply work harder than American school kids on mathematical subjects .
When American school children encounter difficult math problems they quickly give up .
Asian children tend to work the problem and work the problem .
Just like you work a rice patty .
In short , Asians are " better " at math than American school children because Asians work harder .
It 's not genetic .
It 's work .
This lesson finds an American application in Chapter 9 when Gladwell takes up the successes of the KIPP Academy in New York City .
KIPP is a middle school that produces outstanding students from inner city populations .
The key to KIPP 's success is simple : Work harder .
The KIPP kids start school earlier , end later , and have shorter summer vacations .
KIPP kids are swamped with homework .
They work late into the night and get up early for the earlier start time to the school day .
And the outcome ?
Success .
The lesson for American education could n't be clearer .
Want better standardized test scores ?
Want to compete educationally with other nations ?
Work harder .
Longer school days .
More homework .
No summer vacations .
It 's simple .
Work harder .
In short , Outliers preaches the value of work .
And this seems to support the no tax ideology .
Success goes to those who work .
But Outliers is not so simple .
Outliers pushes against the myth of hard work by devoting chapters to the role of luck in success .
Take , for example , Chapter 1 .
The story of Chapter 1 centers on the ages of professional hockey players .
In the 1980s Canadian psychologist Roger Barnsley noted a curious phenomenon while looking through the program at a professional hockey game .
Specifically , Barnsley observed that most of the hockey players on both teams were born in the months of January , February , or March .
Now why would hockey player birthdays cluster in these three months ?
Well , the answer has to do with the cutoff dates in the Canadian youth hockey system ( an American example would be Little League baseball ) .
The age cutoff in Canadian youth hockey is January 1 .
So imagine two kids born two days apart .
One is born on January 2 , just missing promotion , and is , thus , the oldest and likely biggest kid in his league .
The other is born on December 31 .
This kid is promoted up to the higher league as the youngest , and likely smallest , kid in the advanced league .
A two day difference in birthday makes you the smallest or the biggest kid in your league .
Now talent is n't correlated with age .
You can be the youngest and the best or the oldest and the worst .
But being older is an advantage in pre-adolescent sports .
Being older means that , on average , you are bigger , stronger and faster .
This translates into more ice time ( or more innings ) .
And , remembering the 10,000 Hour Rule , the clock starts ticking .
That small advantage begins to grow over the years as the slightly older kids get more game time and opportunities for All Star or touring seasons ( highly competitive off - season practice and games ) .
A small , initial lucky advantage rapidly inflates to create a real disparity of skill on the ice .
Work is involved , but it 's also a matter of luck .
Just look at the birthdays of professional hockey players .
In short , work and luck are intimately intertwined .
Those professional hockey players are talented .
Genetics is a part of it .
And they also have practiced and worked really hard .
Work is also a part of it .
But they also had the perfect birthday to give them a slight edge over their peers .
Luck was a part of it .
Given that talent is also a matter of luck ( think of that sibling who is better looking , more athletic or smarter than you ) we simply cannot discount the role of luck in success .
This is not to discount the role of work .
Far from it .
Success does involve work .
But small turns of fate , like a birthday , can have huge implications .
The successful should be praised and emulated .
They have worked hard .
But they did not earn their genes .
And they have also been lucky .
The successful cannot claim all the credit .
The reason I 'm interested in the role of luck is that I hear a lot of religious people railing against the rise of " socialism " in America .
But I think it is very clear , the case in Outliers as one example , that personality , work ethic , religious affiliation and income are impacted by luck .
Consequently , all I am and all I own is n't solely due to my virtue or work ethic .
I 'm not good , I 'm fortunate .
Importantly , luck implies success at someone else 's expense .
I got the break and you did n't .
You 're a janitor and I 'm a millionaire professional athlete ( or CEO , Dr. , or whatever ) .
Consequently , it seems right and just that I share .
How much should I share ?
I do n't know .
Where is the balance here ?
How much luck is involved ?
How much work ?
When are the taxes too low or too high ?
Again , I do n't know .
All I 'm arguing is that the socialistic move is n't , on the face of it , immoral or unfair .
It 's realistic as far as I can tell .
I do n't mind debates about taxes or entitlements .
But I do mind an ideological stance that automatically and unthinkingly equates taxation or " socialism " as evil .
Why ?
Because it assumes life is all merit , work and virtue with no luck involved .
Getting run over can hurt .
Three months ago , one of New York 's hottest tech startups was turning down acquisition offers from giants like Twitter and Google .
Now it 's in a fight for its life .
That startup is Betaworks - funded Bit.ly , one of those services that takes long Web addresses and turns them into shorter links that fit better into tweets , Facebook messages , instant messages and emails .
In January , Twitter approached Bit.ly seeking help with spam .
Those talks went well , and soon , according to two sources familiar with the discussions , the Twitter guys were talking about a closer partnership or even a merger .
But then talks stopped .
Why ?
Price , of course .
Bit.ly 's was too high for Twitter .
One source tells us Bit.ly 's asking price was under $ 100 million , but still a " big f --- ing number . "
Twitter and Bit.ly were far apart on price in part because the people running Bit.ly view it as a service that extends beyond Twitter .
One source close to Bit.ly tells us that of the 3.5 billion clicks on Bit.ly links in March , 100 million went to Facebook.com .
This source tells us that only 30 % to 40 % of Bit.ly 's traffic is Twitter related .
Another reason Bit.ly probably felt like it could demand a high asking price is that four months prior to its talks with Twitter , it turned down an acquisition overtures from Google .
( The reason Google would want a popular URL shortner like Bit.ly is that Bit.ly tracks the number of clicks on each of its shortened URL .
That kind of data could help Google make sure its search results include Web pages that only became relevant very recently .
Selling such data is also a potential revenue source for an independent Bit.ly .
Bit.ly currently makes money selling $ 1,000 / month pro accounts which provide publishers detailed analytics . )
Meanwhile , the people running Twitter scoffed at Bit.ly 's high asking price because they view it as a service that can be built instead of bought .
In early January , Twitter bought the domain Twee.tt .
In a post last week , top Twitter investor Fred Wilson wrote that URL shortening is a feature that should probably be done for user by Twitter , not a third - party .
In our view , the only reason Bit.ly exists is because Twitter forces its users to keep messages under 140 characters .
Likewise , the only reason Bit.ly is popular is that it is integrated in many of the most popular Twitter clients .
Now that Twitter has decided to both launch its own URL shortner and own its own Twitter clients ( Twitter acquired Tweetie - maker atebits on Friday ) , Bit.ly has , at best , seen its growth prospects diminished .
RAMALLAH – An Israeli journalist remains under house arrest and another lives abroad after they broke news on Israeli undercover units carrying out assassinations or " targeted killings " of non-combatant Palestinian political opponents .
Anat Kam , 23 , who used to work for the Israeli news site Walla , was arrested last December for allegedly copying secret Israeli Defense Force ( IDF ) documents during her compulsory military service .
These documents outlined how Israeli assassination squads would plan the killing of Palestinian political leaders and fighters months beforehand and then pass their deaths off as " mishaps " during " failed " attempts to arrest them .
Uri Blau , a reporter from the daily Ha’aretz , then wrote a piece on the copied documents and is refusing to return to Israel from Britain fearing that Israel ’s domestic intelligence agency , the Shin Bet , will arrest him if he does .
Due to a military gag order the news has remained suppressed even as Israeli journalists fight the suppression order in court .
The news was broken several days ago by Donald McIntyre from Britain ’s Independent .
The controversy has highlighted Israel ’s extrajudicial killings , which violate international law and have caused death and injury to thousands of Palestinian civilian bystanders despite the country having no death penalty .
Israel ’s judiciary has approved " targeted killings , " but only of militants who were allegedly involved in carrying out or planning armed attacks against Israeli soldiers or civilians both within the Palestinian occupied territories and in Israel proper .
The Palestinian Center for Human Rights ( PCHR ) in Gaza says that during the period September 2000 to March 2008 , 500 Palestinians suspected of being involved in military resistance to the Israeli occupation were executed .
However , the " collateral damage " during the assassinations included another 228 civilian bystanders  77 of them children .
Eleven Palestinians have been assassinated in the last two years .
" Israel is using disproportionate force .
Civilians are paying the price .
In the overwhelming majority of cases the targeted individuals could have been arrested and brought to trial without being killed .
Many of them have been killed in cold blood , " Jaber Wishah from PCHR told IPS .
" International law ’s right to life says that state authorities are obliged to follow due process when they are in a position to arrest individuals , " says Michael Kerney from the Ramallah - based rights organization al - Haq , which researched and documented many of the killings .
" Everybody is entitled to a fair trial , and no state can dismiss this , " Kerney told IPS .
Some of those targeted have included individuals who were " pardoned " by the Israelis after having agreed to give up armed resistance to the occupation .
Last December three pardoned members of the al - Aqsa Martyrs ’ Brigades , a military offshoot of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) - affiliated Fatah movement , were shot dead in Nablus in the northern West Bank following the death of an Israeli settler .
According to their families and the subsequent investigations of human rights organizations they had already surrendered and were unarmed despite Israeli claims that they had refused to surrender .
" By failing to produce any evidence linking the targeted individuals to attacks allegedly committed by members of the Palestinian resistance , as well as failing to utilize peaceful means in order to arrest and detain suspects , the soldiers assumed the role of both judge and executioner , " reported al - Haq .
Furthermore , unarmed Palestinians , who have not been involved either politically or militarily in resisting the occupation , also continue to die in what some have called deliberate premeditated murder .
Several weeks ago four Palestinian teenagers were shot dead amid dubious circumstances in two separate incidents in the villages of Awarta and Iraq Burin near Nablus .
According to medical reports they were shot at close range with live ammunition after clashes between Palestinian youngsters and Israeli soldiers had broken out .
However , the individuals concerned had not been involved in the clashes according to several investigations carried out by al - Haq , PCHR , and Israeli rights group B’tselem .
One was shot in the back and another had a bullet lodged in the back of his skull despite Israeli soldiers saying they had only used non-lethal ammunition .
The Israeli military police declared they would investigate the incidents following contradictory testimony given by the soldiers involved .
However , when IPS visited one of the sites a week later with family members , approximately 20 spent cartridge cases , bloodied gloves , a saline solution kit , and other bits of evidence lay on the ground undisturbed .
None of this is new .
Israel has a history of assassinating political opponents predating its official establishment .
In 1944 , the Israeli terrorist group the Stern gang assassinated Britain ’s Lord Moyne , the military governor of Egypt , accusing him of interfering with Jewish migration to Palestine .
In 1948 , Count Folke Bernadotte  a Swedish diplomat who had secured the release of 15,000 inmates from Nazi concentration camps while he was vice president of the Swedish Red Cross  was also murdered by the Stern gang .
Stern gang members believed Bernadotte , as the UN ’s Palestine mediator , to be too sympathetic to the Arabs .
Yitzhak Shamir , later to become an Israeli prime minister , was one of the Stern gang ’s leaders .
" Since the outbreak of the second Intifada , Israel has increasingly avoided accountability for the serious violations of the human rights of residents of the West Bank and the Gaza Strip for which it is responsible , " says B’tselem .
" This avoidance is seen , in part , in its policy not to open criminal investigations in cases of killing or wounding of Palestinians who were not taking part in the hostilities , except in exceptional cases , and in its enactment of legislation denying , almost completely , the right of Palestinians who were harmed as a result of illegal acts by Israeli security forces to sue for compensation for the damages they suffered . "
( Inter Press Service )
Gordon D’Arcy : If South Africa moves up north , it could all go south
If you thought corporate " astroturfing " ( fake grassroots activity ) was a problem at sites like Yelp and Amazon that feature user reviews of products , imagine how much worse it would be if the US government employed a couple hundred thousand people to " shape the debate " among online political forums .
Crazy , right ?
What government would ever attempt it ?
According to noted China researcher Rebecca MacKinnon , the answer is China , which allegedly employs 280,000 people to troll the Internet and make the government look good .
MacKinnon 's discussion of Chinese astroturfing measures turns up in testimony that she prepared from a Congressional hearing this month .
When that hearing was eventually rescheduled , MacKinnon was no longer on the witness list , so she released her prepared remarks ( PDF ) anyway .
The government increasingly combines censorship and surveillance measures with pro-active efforts to steer online conversations in the direction it prefers .
In 2008 the Hong Kong - based researcher David Bandurski determined that at least 280,000 people had been hired at various levels of government to work as “ online commentators . ”
Known derisively as the “ fifty cent party , ” these people are paid to write postings that show their employers in a favorable light in online chat rooms , social networking services , blogs , and comments sections of news websites .
Many more people do similar work as volunteers — recruited from among the ranks of retired officials as well as college students in the Communist Youth League who aspire to become Party members .
This approach is similar to a tactic known as “ astro - turfing ” in American parlance , now commonly used by commercial advertising firms , public relations companies , and election campaigns around the world .
In many provinces it is now also standard practice for government officials - particularly at the city and county level - to work to co-opt and influence independent online writers by throwing special conferences for local bloggers , or inviting them to special press events or news conferences about issues of local concern .
That last sentence about co-opting bloggers certainly is n't limited to China ; US companies have perfected the practice , and government PR people dole out interviews and access to journalists in ways often designed to shape opinions or coverage .
But still — 280,000 people paid to permeate message boards and e-mail lists , all backing the government 's line ?
The mind boggles .
MacKinnon 's testimony , well worth reading in full , notes that Chinese citizens are n't helpless creatures of astroturf , filtering , censorship , and intimidation .
People have developed countermeasures , including ( these are direct quotes ) :
Informal anti-censorship support networks : I have attended gatherings of bloggers and journalists in China — with varying degrees of organization or spontaneousness — where participants devoted significant amounts of time to teaching one another how to use circumvention tools to access blocked websites
Distributed web - hosting assistance networks : I am aware of people who have strong English language and technical skills , as well as overseas credit cards , who are helping friends and acquaintances in China to purchase inexpensive space on overseas web hosting services , then set up independent blogs using free open - source software
Crowdsourced " opposition research " : With the Chinese government ’s Green Dam censorware edict last year , we have seen the emergence of loosely organized " opposition research " networks .
Last June a group of Chinese computer programmers and bloggers collectively wrote a report exposing Green Dam ’s political and religious censorship , along with many of its security flaws
Preservation and relay of censored content : I have noticed a number of people around the Chinese blogosphere and in chatrooms who make a regular habit of immediately downloading interesting articles , pictures , and videos which they think have a chance of being blocked or removed .
They then repost these materials in a variety of places , and relay them to friends through social networks and e-mail lists .
Then comes our favorite : dirty jokes as a form of protest .
In 2009 , Internet censorship tightened considerably .
Many lively blogging platforms and social networks where heated political discussions were known to take place were shut down under the guise of an anti-porn crackdown .
In response , an anonymous Shanghai - based jokester created an online music video called “ Ode to the Grass Mud Horse ” — whose technically innocent lyrics , sung by a children ’s chorus over video of alpaca sheep , contained a string of highly obscene homonyms .
The video spawned an entire genre of anti-censorship jokes and videos involving mythical animals whose names sound similar to official slogans and obscenities of various kinds .
This viral pranksterism created an outlet for people to vent about censorship , poke fun at the government , and raise awareness among many people who are not comfortable discussing such matters in a direct way .
Now , in true capitalist style , one can buy shirts , hats and stickers that feature the Grass Mud Horse .
Les chimpanzés sont capables de penser à l'avenir .
Ça a été établi par une équipe suédoise l'an dernier .
Parfois , l'avenir s'envisage avec un proche en moins .
Pour les hommes comme pour les chimpanzés .
Deux études publiées lundi 26 avril font la même obervation : ces primates adoptent une attitude particulière quand la mort survient .
Et certains ont un comportement comparable à celui des humains au contact d'un moribond .
Pansy était une vieille femelle chimpanzé écossaise , doyenne du Royaume - uni – elle vivait en captivité .
A cinquante ans et quelques , elle a commencé à faiblir pour ne plus se relever .
Les trois congénères avec lesquels elle vivait ont pris soin d'elle dans les derniers jours .
Plus calmes et moins bruyants , ils sont restés proches , l'ont caressée , l'ont lavée .
Ce n'est pas évident de le distinguer sur cette vidéo , mais les primates secouent doucement la vieille femelle .
Interrogé par le Guardian , James Anderson , principal auteur de l'étude publiée dans Current Biology juge " difficile de ne pas penser qu'ils cherchent [ en la bousculant ] des signes de vie " .
Il poursuit :
" Au bout d'un moment , les chimpanzés semblent avoir conclu qu'elle s'en était allée .
Deux sont partis , mais une femelle est restée près d'elle en lui tenant la main .
Le même soir , sa fille est revenue et elle restée auprès de sa mère toute la nuit .
Elle essayait de dormir , mais il était évident qu'elle était très perturbée , à l'instar des trois autres chimpanzés " .
Dora Biro , chercheuse à Oxford , a filmé des mères chimpanzé dans leur milieu naturel , les forêts guinéennes .
Les conclusions de ses recherches ont également été publiées dans Current Biology .
Lorsqu'a été tourné ce film , cinq chimpanzés de la communauté , dont deux enfants , avaient péri d'une maladie respiratoire .
Les mères des petits chimpanzés ont gardé près d'elles le corps de leur enfant .
Pendant des jours et des jours , elles ont transporté les dépouilles qui ont fini par momifier .
Le temps passant , elles ont permis à d'autres membres de la colonie à porter les corps , s'éclipsant de longs moments de leur petit , qu'elles ont fini par abandonner .
Les images sont bouleversantes :
Elizabeth Lonsdorf du zoo de Chicago précise , sur le site Sciences News , que dans la nature , les chimpanzés réagissent de manière très variée face à la mort d'un proche .
" Les chimpanzés vieux et malades trouvent souvent un coin à l'abri où ils pourront mourir seuls " , explique - t- elle .
Pour James Anderson , interrogé par l'Agence France presse , l'expérience prouve que les chimpanzés " sont bien conscients de la mort et probablement de manière beaucoup plus développée qu'on ne le soupçonnait " .
Photo : Azadam
Vidéos : Cell Press / Current Biology
Jonathan Parienté( Blog En quête de sciences )
This week Stargate Universe opened up Rush 's brain and what we found was a mix of light code , lens flares and the first ever balanced SGU episode .
Thank goodness Stargate veteran Michael Shanks is back and delivering some much - needed charm .
Advertisement
This week 's SGU episode , " Human , " showed plenty of promise .
Slowly , but surely , the original Stargate style and banter is getting laced into the raw drama that SGU has been so desperately trying to create .
Especially after last week 's drama - heavy , action - light episode .
" Human " felt like SGU was finally hitting its stride .
Yes , there are still plenty of sour moments where one outrageously dramatic moment or depressingly unfunny quip rips the viewer out of the new world .
But this could very well be the first episode that felt properly balanced as far as tone and pace .
Dare I start getting excited about this series ?
Advertisement
In " Human " Rush decided he was ready to sit in the mighty interface chair .
Because somehow in between heart surgery and exploring new parts of the ship ( sorry we still do n't know what 's in the box ) the angry scientist managed to fix this gizmo .
Rush and company build a buffer device that would slow down the amount of knowledge being pumped into someone 's brain .
The buffer method ?
Plugging into old memories , which you can pick like a TV channel .
Sure , why not ?
This way we 're treated to a stone - free flashback , providing a cheap and easy plot device to reveal secrets about Rush 's life .
Interestingly , this is yet another almost entirely stone - free episode .
Has the " airlock the stones " mantra finally reached the higher ups ?
While Rush is in this coma memory state , his mind is getting pummeled with knowledge from the brain chair .
Which he somehow deciphers is the number 46 — more on that lunacy later — but for now , let 's talk about what we learned about Rush .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
First , we meet Mrs. Rush , a gorgeous lady and a brilliant violinist topped off with a sexy accent .
But does Rush delight in getting to see her again ?
Not a chance , he 's got codes to solve and a cantankerous attitude to cultivate .
So instead of reliving his wife 's painful death memory , and trying to change his previous cowardly decision , he does the exact same thing , but this time even crazier .
Rush John Nashes up his office , and sits back and panics as illuminated code streams into his face , like Neo in the worst of the three Matrix movies .
Advertisement
I must admit , I loved Rush 's crazy scribbles of nonsense and the light code imagery .
It looked great and informed the audience almost immediately that Rush knew where he was and therefore you could n't fault his dickish actions to his twice dying wife , or could you ?
The man has a spaceship to save , these sappy memories were only getting in the way , right ?
Well of course not right , of course he would find the answer by sucking up and being a better husband , thanks to magical interface guide Michael Shanks ' help .
Honestly the " facts " behind this experiment was a bit of a muddle but when big answer to Rush 's problems turns out to be 46 , we all know this was n't really about solving any mysteries .
Cue adorable Shanks ' Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy joke , prompting me to burst into a fit of tears .
Sob .
I miss this man .
Advertisement
Having magical Shanks on board to help Rush get through his memory knowledge download was not only a bit of classic Gate fan - service , but Shanks really shed a bit of light on another thing SGU is missing , charisma .
Shanks , RDA , Southern Shanks ( or Cameron as some of you call him ) , Sheppard heck even Carter all have a certain spark of charisma that is just lacking on SGU .
The only person I 've cheered for out loud is Young .
And his charm comes and goes .
You may argue that this series is attempting to be more realistic and there are n't heroes in real life .
But you should n't have to sacrifice charm for flaws .
Look at the cast of Lost and BSG .
I 'd just like to see a little more something from somebody aboard Destiny .
But , these things take time .
And it 's taken this long just to find some semblance of balance on this series .
Who 's to say Camille wo n't step up to the plate ?
Last episode she stopped being the one - dimensional devious plotter , maybe we 'll see more from her or anyone else .
Anyways back to Rush .
Anyone else a little freaked out by the over eager kid in his class .
I mean , I 'm just sayin ' ...
Advertisement
When someone like that pops up into your dream memory coma , I would go ahead and assume they 're evil and just beat the codes out of them .
But Rush has to figure it out for himself , by coming to peace with his wife 's terribly sad death .
You gotta hand it to Robert Carlyle , when he was saying goodbye even my cold black heart melted just a little .
There may be a lack of charm on this set , but Carlyle just acted the pants off everyone else aboard Destiny .
Well done sir .
Advertisement
Also , and this probably needs to be noted .
As much as I am sick of watching Rush be an angry dick all the time , his Eli lament really helped flesh out some of the characters present day bitterness .
He ruined his life working and could n't even come through in the end .
Meanwhile Eli costs by on nothing , so Rush 's personal sacrifices were all for nothing .
In his mind .
Does realizing this and making peace with his wife 's death mean he 's going to be less of a prick back aboard Destiny ?
Meanwhile , back aboard Destiny the ship stops at a new planet , which looks a lot like last week 's Canada planet , only this time with ruins .
The crew has 6 hours to explore so of course they set out to do the silliest thing they can think of with no time to save their ass .
And Chloe is truly the winner of idiotic statements and actions this go - round .
Advertisement
First our little Chloe coos up next to Eli craning her head back and forth for forgiveness .
Meanwhile I 'm not sure if she 's said 3 words to the guy she used to share a bed with .
Man , Chloe and Scott are sooo dunzo , you guys , hrumphf - kerphuffle , right Chloe ?
And I really was just going to blow the whole " second plot " part of this episode off .
But then , this happened .
What was that ???!!!!
Actual humor and banter fitting into this dark series without disturbing the flow of the moment ?
Why is n't Eli used like this all of the time ?
This felt right , it felt good , and it was kinda funny .
If not for Daddy Young being all " oh teenagers " at the end .
Please more of this .
This was the first time characters other than Young and Rush demonstrated chemistry .
Delightful .
Thank you .
Advertisement
But , of course , Chloe 's character writing was bound to mess this up for us all .
So the three hottest crew members from Destiny set about exploring the new planet , with one sassy wise - cracker in tow .
After jumping around on the old rocks and pointing at the dirt Chloe and Eli reveal they done lost the Kino in the ancient dark tunnels .
Hijinks , they are ensuing .
And you know what 's going to happen next before they even set foot in the tunnels , collapse , but they go ahead with it anyways .
All four cast members trample into the incredibly dangerous dark tunnels to hunt down a video camera robot that was sent down there to protect them from having to go down there in the first place .
It makes your head spin .
How has anyone survived as long as they have in this new space land by making these terrible decisions we do not know .
Advertisement
Finally one last Chloe comment .
For a series that prides itself on celebrating strong female characters you'd think that the one time Chloe says something intellectual they would n't make her immediately negate that intellect with a swift apology for being a " NERD . "
In fact they even go as far to totally discredit her later in the tunnels with the , " Ew yucky spiders icky icky , " dance .
This causes the soldiers to shoot at the spider , which causes the tunnel collapse , trapping them all indefinitely .
Chloe , you ruin everything .
Advertisement
But in her defense , spiders are super gross .
Thankfully the cave - in does mean one thing .
That Destiny will have to take off and leave a giant chunk of their main cast stranded in the dark .
They only had 6 - hours on that rock after all .
I was delighted with the cliff0 hanger ending .
Sure Rush is going to fix everything with his magical new knowledge of the number 46 .
But for now suspense is in the air , humor has seemingly returned to SGU and we 're interested to see what the 4 kids will do next to get out of the tunnels .
And maybe Greer will have more ridiculous flash back panic attacks .
I really hope that 's not the case because not every single character detail has to be shown with flashbacks or stones .
They can merely talk about it while trapped there .
Heck TJ has n't been given a single flashback and thus far her plot reveals have felt the most natural .
Advertisement
All and all I ended the episode happy , very happy .
The only thing I was truly hoping for that SGU did n't deliver was more of Rush in the classroom .
I must admit after seeing stills from this weeks episode earlier on I was desperately hoping for a little " Yo Teach " classroom antics .
But alas , angry moody Professor Rush just fits better .
That fantasy will just have to live on in some Stargate fanfic somewhere .
MP
Michael Atkinson ( ALP ) has represented this area since 1989 , though the seat was known as Spence until 2002 .
Atkinson is Attorney - General , Minister for Justice and Multicultural Affairs , Minister for Veterans ' Affairs .
Profile
Covers the suburbs to the north - west of the CBD along the Port Road .
It includes Croydon , West Croydon , Croydon Park , Woodville Park , Kilkenny , Dudley Park , Devon Park , Renown Park , Brompton , Bowden , Hindmarsh , Allenby Gardens , Welland , Beverley , Flinders Park and parts of Findon .
Redistribution
Unchanged .
History / Trivia
Croydon is Labor 's fourth safest seats , one of six electorates where Labor recorded more than 75 % of the two - party preferred vote at the 2006 election .
The electorate had been known as Spence from 1970 until 2002 , when it was decided to adopt a geographic name for the electorate .
Its former name had commemorated Catherine Helen Spence ( 1825 -1910 ) , who lived in Adelaide for 70 years and was a prominent public figure as a novelist , journalist and advocate for proportional representation .
2 - Party Booth Result
Labor 's worst 2 - party preferred booth result at the 2006 election was 69.5 % at Flinders Park .
Labor 's vote was above 70 % in the other 12 booths , passing 80 % in three with a high of 82.2 % at Croydon park Church of the Nazarene .
Issues and Polls
The St Clair land swap and Cheltenham Park racecourse development in the neighbouring electorate of Cheltenham are also issues in Croydon .
Assessment
Labor retain .
Preferences
Tesla , who spent most of his adult life in America before his death in New York in 1943 , imagined such a hand - held device would be simple to use and that , one day , everyone in the world would communicate to friends using it .
Military personnel blow the whistle on exercise which involved troops taking protesters to concentration camps
Kurt Nimmo & Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Thursday , April 29 , 2010
In a shocking development that outstrips even the infamous MIAC report , it has emerged via whistleblowers that the U.S. Military in Kentucky is training to confront Tea Party protesters and anti-government demonstrators , who in official intelligence advisories are described as bomb - making terrorists .
On April 17 , the Courier - Journal in Louisville , Kentucky , reported on a military exercise dubbed “ Mangudai , ” named after the special forces of Genghis Khan ’s Mongol army who could fight for days without food or sleep .
The Kentucky newspaper portrayed the exercise as an effort to train soldiers to battle the Taliban in Afghanistan .
“ Designed to test the limits of officers ’ physical , mental and emotional endurance , the emerging Army exercise offered a revealing window onto modern combat training in the era of Iraq and Afghanistan , ” Chris Kenning wrote for the newspaper .
“ Over three days last week , participants had to crawl on their bellies under real machine - gun fire , shimmy commando - style over a single rope high in the air and march for more than 22 miles through forests . ”
But according to information received by The Patriot Post blog , there is another aspect to the military exercises not reported by local media .
“ This week , I was contacted by a number of military personnel , enlisted and officer ranks , who expressed concern about a military exercise underway at Ft. Knox , the U.S. Bullion Depository .
As with most such exercises , the Ft. Knox alert occurred in stages , as if real time intelligence was being provided at various intervals , ” writes Mark Alexander .
Alexander cites an intel advisory issued on Friday , April 23 , 2010 , that identifies terrorist threat adversaries as “ Local Militia Groups / Anti-Government Protesters / TEA Party ” ( see image below ) .
In short , the military was training in Kentucky to take on mythical militias — no word if they were of the FBI - created variety — and remarkably the non-violent Tea Party movement .
“ Anti-Government – Health Care Protesters have stated that they would join the TEA Party as a sign of solidarity ” during a protest at Fort Knox .
The Tea Party “ groups are armed , have combative training and some are former Military Snipers .
Some may have explosives training / experience , ” according to the intel report .
An intel report update , dated Monday , 26 April 2010 , noted that a “ rally at the Militia compound occurred , ” and “ Viable threats … have been made …
Many members were extremely agitated at what they referred to as Government intervention and over taxation in their lives .
Alcohol use ‘ fanned the flames . ’
Many military grade firearms were openly carried .
An ad hoc ’ shoot the government agent ’ event was held with prizes ( alcohol ) given for the best shot placement . ”
In addition to being drunkards , the report describes the Tea Party as bomb - throwers .
“ Components of bomb making are reported to have been on the site .
Some members have criminal records relating to explosive and weapons violations . ”
In response to the this “ immediate threat , ” the military established concentration camps for “ mass arrests . ”
QRF , short for the Quick Reaction Force of the 16th Cavalry Regiment and the 194th Armored Brigade were placed on two hour recall .
“ The 26 April order gives specific instructions for the 5 - 15 CAV ( a 16th Cavalry battalion ) to have weapons , ammo , vehicles and communications at ready , and it places the other 2,200 members of the units on two - hour recall .
In other words , these orders are to gear up for defending Ft. Knox against Tea Party folks and their co-conspirators who oppose nationalization of our health care sector , ” writes Alexander .
Military officers and enlisted personnel told Alexander about their concerns :
As one put it , the exercise “ misrepresents freedom loving Americans as drunken , violent racists — the opponents of Obama ’s policies have been made the enemy of the U.S. Army . ”
They were equally concerned that command staff at Ft. Knox had signed off on this exercise , noting , “ it has been issued and owned by field grade officers who lead our battalions and brigades , ” which is to say many Lieutenant Colonels saw this order before it was implemented .
In fact , we can assume this “ exercise ” was orchestrated at the highest levels in the Pentagon .
Lieutenant Colonels merely carry out orders .
An Army document entitled “ Army Continuity of Operations Program ( COOP ) ” spells out the militarization of the U.S. “ Homeland ” under Northcom .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
In July , 2009 , Infowars reported on a Missouri National Guard unit out of Camp Crowder engaged in a training exercise designed to take on a fictitious militant group .
An earlier exercise in the Black Hills of South Dakota trained soldiers to confront an “ insurgent group ” with “ a reputation for harassing convoys with ambushes and improvised explosive devices . ”
In September , 2008 , the Pentagon announced the 3rd Infantry Division ’s 1st Brigade Combat Team would be deployed in the United States under the control of Northcom .
“ They may be called upon to help with civil unrest and crowd control or to deal with potentially horrific scenarios such as massive poisoning and chaos in response to a chemical , biological , radiological , nuclear or high - yield explosive , or CBRNE , attack , ” the Army Times reported .
( Emphasis added . )
Since the end of the Civil War deployment of the U.S. military inside the U.S. has been prohibited under The Posse Comitatus Act .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
In early 2006 , the 109th Congress passed a bill containing controversial provisions granting the president the ability to use federal troops inside the United States in emergency situations .
These changes ( in Section 1076 ) were included in the John Warner Defense Appropriation Act for Fiscal Year 2007 .
In 2008 , Congress restored many of the earlier limitations on the president ’s ability to deploy troops within the United States , but Bush issued a signing statement indicating he was not bound by the changes .
Obama has taken up with signing statements where Bush left off .
A report issued in 2008 by the U.S. Army War College discussed the use of American troops to quell civil unrest brought about by a worsening economic crisis .
The report from the War College ’s Strategic Studies Institute warned that the U.S. military must prepare for a “ violent , strategic dislocation inside the United States ” that could be provoked by “ unforeseen economic collapse ” or “ loss of functioning political and legal order . ”
For more than a decade the Pentagon has endeavored to acclimate Americans to the presence of troops on the streets .
Instances of the Pentagon putting troops on the streets are numerous and have increased in frequency over the last few years .
In March of 2009 , Infowars reported on U.S. Army soldiers dispatched in Samson , Alabama , supposedly in response to a rampaging gunman .
In December , 2008 , the Marine Corps Air and Ground Combat Center and the local California Highway Patrol worked together “ in a joint effort to reduce accidents and drinking and driving ” in San Bernardino County , a blatant violation of Posse Comitatus .
The Iowa National Guard planned an exercise in the small town of Arcadia but rolled back the invasion after citizens complained about soldiers patrolling the streets of an American town .
Military police were positioned at the 2009 Kentucky Derby and in April of the same year 400 National Guard Combat Support Battalion troops were dispatched to “ maintain public order ” at the Boston Marathon .
In April of 2009 , an Infowars reader sent a page taken from the Hardeman County , Tennessee , Bulletin Times announcing a seat belt checkpoint to be conducted on April 4 “ in conjunction with a Homeland Security training exercise by the 251st Military Police in Bolivar who recently returned from Iraq . ”
On April 15 , 2009 , we reported on how the Maryland National Guard was put on alert in anticipation of Tax Day nationwide Tea Party protests .
A Force Protection Advisory issued on April 11 instructed the National Guard to be on alert during the Tea Party protests because Guardsmen and Guard facilities might become “ targets of opportunity . ”
It was later learned that the Department of Homeland Security had put the protesters under surveillance .
Adding the Tea Party to the list of “ insurgents ” is a new and especially surreal development , but hardly an unexpected one considering the fear of the establishment to this growing political movement .
A poll conducted earlier this month found supporters of the Tea Party to be primarily white , male , married and older than 45 .
“ Of the 18 percent of Americans who identified themselves as supporters , 20 percent , or 4 percent of the general public , said they had given money or attended a Tea Party event , or both .
These activists were more likely than supporters generally to describe themselves as very conservative and had more negative views about the economy and Mr. Obama .
They were more angry with Washington and intense in their desires for a smaller federal government and deficit , ” the New York Times reported .
They are not , as the DHS and the Southern Poverty Law Center would have it , disgruntled returning veterans , white supremacists , and violent militia members who hate Obama because of his skin color .
Over the last several months the government and corporate media have endeavored to portray this demographic as potentially violent and has fallaciously connected it to white supremacists and a mythical militia movement that is supposedly gearing up to attack the government .
If we are to believe the above report , the U.S. military is preparing to attack Tea Party supporters .
All that will be required is an appropriate false flag event to set this act in motion .
This article was posted : Thursday , April 29 , 2010 at 11:18 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
One more step in what scientists are increasingly referring to as the Sixth Great Extinction is announced today : the disappearance of yet another bird species .
The vanishing of the Alaotra grebe of Madagascar is formally notified this morning by the global conservation partnership BirdLife International – and it marks a small but ominous step in the biological process which seems likely to dominate the 21st century .
Researchers now recognise five earlier cataclysmic events in the earth 's prehistory when most species on the planet died out , the last being the Cretaceous - Tertiary extinction event of 65 million years ago , which may have been caused by a giant meteorite striking the earth , and which saw the disappearance of the dinosaurs .
But the rate at which species are now disappearing makes many biologists consider we are living in a sixth major extinction comparable in scale to the others – except that this one has been caused by humans .
In essence , we are driving plants and animals over the abyss faster than new species can evolve .
Birds species alone now seem to be disappearing at the rate of about one per decade , and the extinction of the Alaotra grebe is announced in the BirdLife - produced update to the Red List of threatened bird species maintained by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) .
A handsome bird not dissimilar to our own little grebe or dabchick , it inhabited a tiny area in the east of Madagascar , and declined after carnivorous fish were introduced into the freshwater lakes where it lived , and fishermen began using nylon gillnets which caught and drowned the birds .
Its demise brings the total number of bird species thought to have become extinct since 1600 to 132 .
Moreover , the new edition of the Red List shows that 1,240 species of birds ( around an eighth of the 10,027 total ) are themselves now in danger of disappearance – which is a rise of 21 from last year 's assessment .
" The confirmation of the extinction of yet another bird species is further evidence that we losing the fight to protect the world 's wildlife , " said Dr Tim Stowe , international director of the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds .
" Although there are some key successes , overall the trend is downward , bringing more species year on year to the brink of extinction and beyond . "
Known only in Madagascar , and chiefly from Lake Alaotra , Tachybaptus rufolavatus was probably incapable of prolonged flight , so may never have occurred very far from the lake itself .
None have been seen since 1999 and the most recent surveys in the region failed to find any birds .
" No hope now remains for this species , " said Dr Leon Bennun , BirdLife 's director of science , policy and information , announcing the change in its classification from critically endangered to extinct .
" It is another example of how human actions can have unforeseen consequences .
Invasive alien species have caused extinctions around the globe and remain one of the major threats to birds and other biodiversity . "
Another wetland species suffering from the impacts of introduced aliens is the Zapata rail from Cuba , whose status has now been moved up to critically endangered and is under threat from introduced mongooses and exotic catfish .
An extremely secretive marsh - dwelling species , the only nest ever found of this species was described by James Bond , an American ornithologist and the source for the name of Ian Fleming 's famous spy .
( The real James Bond was the author of Birds of The West Indies and Fleming , himself a keen birdwatcher , had a copy of the book in his Jamaican hideaway , Goldeneye , where he wrote the Bond novels . )
In fact , BirdLife says , wetland birds everywhere are under increasing pressure .
In Asia and Australia , numbers of once - common wader species such as the great knot and Far Eastern curlew are dropping rapidly as a result of drainage and pollution of coastal wetlands .
The destruction of inter-tidal mudflats at Saemangeum in South Korea , an important migratory stop - over site , correlated to a 20 per cent decline in the world population of great knot .
There is , however , a little good news in the new Red List .
The Azores bullfinch , has been downlisted from Critically Endangered to Endangered as a result of conservation work to restore natural vegetation on its island home of Sao Miguel ; the Chatham albatross from New Zealand has also been downlisted from Critically Endangered to Vulnerable following an improvement in the bird 's status , and the Laysan albatross is removed from the list following a similar improvement .
Earth 's Five Great Extinctions
65 million years ago ( mya ) Cretaceous - Tertiary ( K - T extinction ) .
Did for the dinosaurs .
May have been caused by a meteorite hitting what is now Yucatan , Mexico ; 75 per cent of species disappeared .
205 mya Triassic - Jurassic extinction .
Did away with competition for the dinosaurs .
251 mya Permian - Triassic ( the worst of all ) .
Known as " The Great Dying . "
About 96 per cent of marine species and 70 per cent of land species disappeared .
360-375 mya Late Devonian .
A prolonged series of extinctions which may have lasted 20 million years .
But this theory of our government is wholly different from the practical fact .
The fact is that the government , like a highwayman , says to a man : " Your money , or your life . "
And many , if not most , taxes are paid under the compulsion of that threat .
The government does not , indeed , waylay a man in a lonely place , spring upon him from the roadside , and , holding a pistol to his head , proceed to rifle his pockets .
But the robbery is none the less a robbery on that account ; and it is far more dastardly and shameful .
The highwayman takes solely upon himself the responsibility , danger , and crime of his own act .
He does not pretend that he has any rightful claim to your money , or that he intends to use it for your own benefit .
He does not pretend to be anything but a robber .
He has not acquired impudence enough to profess to be merely a " protector , " and that he takes men 's money against their will , merely to enable him to " protect " those infatuated travellers , who feel perfectly able to protect themselves , or do not appreciate his peculiar system of protection .
He is too sensible a man to make such professions as these .
Furthermore , having taken your money , he leaves you , as you wish him to do .
He does not persist in following you on the road , against your will ; assuming to be your rightful " sovereign , " on account of the " protection " he affords you .
He does not keep " protecting " you , by commanding you to bow down and serve him ; by requiring you to do this , and forbidding you to do that ; by robbing you of more money as often as he finds it for his interest or pleasure to do so ; and by branding you as a rebel , a traitor , and an enemy to your country , and shooting you down without mercy , if you dispute his authority , or resist his demands .
He is too much of a gentleman to be guilty of such impostures , and insults , and villainies as these .
In short , he does not , in addition to robbing you , attempt to make you either his dupe or his slave .
The proceedings of those robbers and murderers , who call themselves " the government , " are directly the opposite of these of the single highwayman .
In the first place , they do not , like him , make themselves individually known ; or , consequently , take upon themselves personally the responsibility of their acts .
On the contrary , they secretly ( by secret ballot ) designate some one of their number to commit the robbery in their behalf , while they keep themselves practically concealed .
They say to the person thus designated :
Go to A ......... B......... , and say to him that " the government " has need of money to meet the expenses of protecting him and his property .
If he presumes to say that he has never contracted with us to protect him , and that he wants none of our protection , say to him that that is our business , and not his , that we choose to protect him , whether he desires us to do so or not ; and that we demand pay , too , for protecting him .
If he dares to inquire who the individuals are , who have thus taken upon themselves the title of " the government , " and who assume to protect him , and demand payment of him , without his having ever made any contract with them , say to him that that , too , is our business , and not his ; that we do not choose to make ourselves individually known to him ; that we have secretly ( by secret ballot ) appointed you our agent to give him notice of our demands , and , if he complies with them , to give him , in our name , a receipt that will protect him against any similar demand for the present year .
If he refuses to comply , seize and sell enough of his property to pay not only our demands , but all your own expenses and trouble beside .
If he resists the seizure of his property , call upon the bystanders to help you ( doubtless some of them will prove to be members of our band ) .
If , in defending his property , he should kill any of our band who are assisting you , capture him at all hazards , charge him ( in one of our courts ) with murder , convict him , and hang him .
If he should call upon his neighbors , or any others who , like him , may be disposed to resist our demands , and they should come in large numbers to his assistance , cry out that they are all rebels and traitors ; that " our country " is in danger ; call upon the commander of our hired murderers ; tell him to quell the rebellion and " save the country , " cost what it may .
Tell him to kill all who resist , though they should be hundreds of thousands ; and thus strike terror into all others similarly disposed .
See that the work of murder is thoroughly done , that we may have no further trouble of this kind hereafter .
When these traitors shall have thus been taught our strength and our determination , they will be good loyal citizens for many years , and pay their taxes without a why or a wherefore .
It is under such compulsion as this that taxes , so called , are paid .
And how much proof the payment of taxes affords , that the people consent to support " the government , " it needs no further argument to show .
The Universal Life Church Monastery , also known as the " ULC " , has been serving our online church community for nearly 40 years .
Our fundamental tasks are to promote freedom of religion and to " do that which is right " - core tenets that underscore everything we do .
The ULC appeals to a worldwide audience through our online church services and our overarching belief that " we are all children of the same universe . "
Over 20 million ministers worldwide have become ordained with the Universal Life Church .
The ULC is a non-denominational organization open to people of all faiths , offering everyone the religious freedom to become an ordained minister and practice their beliefs .
Those who get ordained with the Universal Life Church are empowered to take control of their own spiritual lives and do good in their own worlds .
As a minister , you have the authority to perform weddings , funerals , baptisms , or even start your own ministry .
Join the active ULC community by completing your free online ordination today .
FDP fordert weniger Bildung in Deutschland Twister ( Bettina Winsemann )
Es gibt Dinge , die müssen einfach mal gesagt werden .
Es gibt Dinge , die müssen einfach mal gesagt werden .
Es darf da sozusagen keine Denkverbot , respektive Laberverbote , geben .
Nun gut , es müssen nicht gleich die Tabus wie Holocaustleugnung usw .
angegriffen werden und die Sarazzinschen Kopftuchmädchen langweilen auch ein wenig , aber erfrischend ist es schon , wenn der Guido " Verhinderter Künstler " Westerlerwelle endlich weniger Bildung in Deutschland fordert .
Es muss nämlich endlich Schluss sein mit den pingelig , den Abakus verwenden Nörglern in diesem unseren Lande - es wird Zeit für Wähler , die dem Ideal der FDP näherkommen , welches auch die drei Buchstaben der Partei symbolisieren : frech , dumm , populistisch .
Um zu testen ob vielleicht in Deutschland schon jemand dieser Forderung nachgekommen ist , hebt Guido derzeit sein Außenministerhaupt ( wen interessiert schon Afghanistan ? ) und lässt sich mal wieder nicht den HartzIV - Schneid abkaufen .
Vielmehr startet der bravoröse Vogel ... pardon , Star die Charminitiative und will allen Jugendlichen unter 25 demnächst Bildungs - und Arbeitsangebote unterbreiten ( wo er diese Angebote , so es sich nicht um die üblichen " Willste mal nen Euro " - Angebote handelt , hernehmen will , ist mir nicht bekannt , allerdings hatte ich bisher auch noch keine Möglichkeit bei diversen Hotels etc. anzufragen ob die demnächst ggf.
geförderte Ausbildungs - und Arbeitsangebote an die FDP schicken wollen )
Damit sich der im Partykeller vergnügende HartzIV - Unterschichtler nicht etwa in die soziale Hängematte begibt , soll natürlich das üppige ALG II - Gehalt gekürzt oder ganz auf Null reduziert werden , wenn das Geschenk des Gelbkehlchen nicht angenommen wird .
Gleichzeitig verkündet Guido , den man fast schon Seite an Seite mit Frau Kristina Schröder wähnt , die frohe Kunde , dass Kinder , die sich schon von früh an mit der Marktwirtschaft beschäftigen und ihre Arbeitskraft eben dem Markt zur Verfügung stellen , nun auch etwas von dieser Bildung haben sollen ( was sich ein wenig mit der eigentlichen Forderung nach weniger Bildung beißt , aber das hat Guido " The Plagiator " Westerwelle vielleicht nicht so richtig bedacht ) .
" Arbeit muss sich wieder lohnen , auch für die Kleinsten , zumindest wenn die Eltern HartzIVer sind " lautet die Parole und für die Zeitungsaustrager , Rasenmäher und Co. , die derzeit , nachdem Omas großzügige Spende zum Geburtstag den Eltern mehr Scherereien bereitete als ihnen selbst eine Freude , winken quasi blühende Kontolandschaften .
Dies alles ist natürlich ein kluger Schachzug für Guido " The Hartz " Westerwelle , der ALG II zum Wahlkampfthema machen will .
" HartzIV nur für arbeitsbereite Jugendliche " und " Kinderarbeit muss sich wieder lohnen " - das sind zwar nicht wirklich gelungene Wahlkampfsprüche , geht man davon aus , dass sich auf dem zweiten Plakat ein junger Mann in Soldatenuniform und ein " Afghanistan , hier entlang " - Schild wiederfinden werden könnte ( auch die Kleinsten können uns ja schon sonstwo verteidigen - zumutbare Arbeit dürfte das doch sein ) , aber noch sind die PR - Experten ja auch in der Entwurfsphase .
Dass ausgerechnet die FDP sich konsequent gegen die Bildung der Bürger ausspricht , verwundert .
War es doch Guido Westerwelle , der bisher Leistung als Chance zum Erfolg ansah und gerade auch die Bildung gar nicht hoch genug bewerten konnte .
Andererseits muss man ihm zum Mute gratulieren , mit mehr oder minder gutem Beispiel voranzugehen .
Die drei neuen Parolen der FDP lauten nämlich :
Plagiate müssen sich wieder lohnen
Hier erteilt die FDP dem Konzept des " Geistigen Eigentums " eine klare Absage , wenn ihr Chef lässig - charmant die Ideen der Linken und der SPD wiederkäut Dumm sein muss sich wieder lohnen
Denn wie viel deutlicher kann ein Politiker zeigen , dass niemand über rudimentäres Grundwissen in Bezug auf Mathematik verfügen muss um erfolgreich zu sein ?
Guido Westerwelle scheut sich hier nicht , den unvermeidlichen Spott , der ihn treffen wird , in Kauf zu nehmen um darzustellen , dass es nicht schlimm ist , wenn niemand weiß , dass 12* 100 Euro = 1.200 Euro ergeben .
Denn Guido " Rechne Langsam " Westerwelle spricht ja davon , dass insgesamt 1.200 Euro von den Ferienjoberlösen nicht angerechnet werden sollen - nur werden bereits bisher pro Monat bereits 100 Euro nicht angerechnet , ganz wie beim Erwachsenen auch .
Und es ist kaum anzunehmen , dass 1.200 pro Monat nicht angerechnet werden , sonst würde ja gleich zu befürchten sein , dass skrupellose Unterschichtler die Kinder malochen lassen um sich hemmungslos besaufen zu dürfen .
Saufen muss sich wieder lohnen
Bedenkt man , dass bei einem Vollrausch auch ein Teil des Gedächtnisses draufgeht , so zeigt Guido Westerwelle uns deutlich , dass es entweder nicht schadet , wenn man sich nicht mehr daran erinnert , dass die ( eigenen ) Ideen Schnee von Gestern sind .
Oder dies zumindest dann nicht schaden kann , wenn man FDP - Wähler ist , denn sonst würde das potentielle Kreuzchenmachvieh ja dem Außenminister das Poesiealbum mit den Sprüchen und Forderungen von Anno Dunnemal ( die längst umgesetzt sind ) um die Ohren hauen .
So aber wird der FDP - Fan vielleicht sogar der Meinung sein , Guido " The News " Westerwelle hätte zusätzlich zur Belastung als Außenminister auch noch Ideen für die Bewältigung der ALG II - Problematik .
Fazit dieses bemerkenswerten Outings kann also nur sein " Mehr Dumme braucht das Land " .
Die werden dann vielleicht sogar Politiker .
Oder Wähler .
Months ago , Gretchen Morgenson and Louise Story of The Times exposed Goldman Sachs ’s practice of creating and selling mortgage - backed investments and then placing financial bets that those investments would fail .
While appalling , it was n’t clear whether the practice was also fraud .
The Securities and Exchange Commission has now decided that it was , charging Goldman on Friday .
We urge everyone to keep a close eye on this case .
If it is handled correctly , it should finally answer the question of whether malfeasance  and not merely unbridled greed , incompetence and weak regulation  was also responsible for the financial meltdown .
Goldman insists that what it was doing was prudent risk management .
In a letter published in its annual report , it argued that “ although Goldman Sachs held various positions in residential mortgage - related products in 2007 , our short positions were not a ‘ bet against our clients . ’ ” The bank also insists that the investors who bought the structured vehicles were sophisticated professionals who knew what they were doing .
The S.E.C. is now charging just the opposite .
It accuses Goldman of intentionally designing a financial product that would have a high chance of falling in value , at the request of a client , and lying about it to the customers who bought it .
It says that Goldman allowed that client  John Paulson , a hedge fund manager  to pick bonds he wanted to bet against , and then packaged those bonds into a new investment .
This article is from the archive of our partner .
The figure everyone 's jabbering about from this week 's Sarah Palin cover story in New York magazine is $ 12 million : her earnings over the last year .
Author Gabe Sherman , marveling at the size of her treasure trove , doubts she 'll ever trade this lavish lifestyle for a future political career .
What 's interesting is contrasting Palin 's earnings with another political commentator she 's frequently compared with : Glenn Beck .
Her fellow Tea Party firebrand recently got the Forbes treatment and the results were even more staggering .
Dwarfing Palin's $ 12 million , Beck earned $ 32 million over the last year .
Here 's the breakdown of their respective earnings :
Palin Inc .
In May 2009 she signed a $ 7 milllion book deal with Harper Collins .
In January she signed a $ 1 million deal with Fox News to provide commentary over the next three years .
In March , she reportedly sold her wildlife show to TLC for $ 1 million per episode .
On top of that , she brings in $ 100,000 per speech for a whopping $ 12 million over the last 10 months
Beck Inc. Forbes ' Lacey
Rose succinctly tallies up the $ 32 million haul :
He gets $ 13 million a year from print ( books plus the ten - issue - a - year magazine Fusion ) .
Radio brings in $ 10 million .
Digital ( including a newsletter , the ad- supported Glennbeck.com and merchandise ) pulls in $ 4 million .
Speaking and events are good for $ 3 million and television for $ 2 million .
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
This is my hedgehog named Prick .
Ive had him since he was 6 weeks old .
There are two movies at the bottom of the page .
Kim ( the breeder I got him from ) taking Prick out of his bin and getting him ready for me to take him home .
A good clear picture of little Prick .
Pricks getting his nails done for the first time .
I use nails clippers and its hard to get the little spike ball to hold still .
From kim - "
Under the one where I am filing his nails I would add that we normally put them into a sink of water to trim them .
However there are some that will sit very still and allow them to be filed that way people can understand both ways . "
Getting weighed before he comes home with me .
Holding him in his blanket .
he does n't like being woken up .
Teja holding Prick for the first time .
He is in a dog carrier while I clean his bin .
After his bath , which he did not like getting .
Ive cropped this picture for my steam avatar .
Another bath picture .
At home in his bin .
When he gets upset he has been known to put his paw on top of the car and shove it into the side of his bin .
Running in his wheel .
He does this all night long .
Going to hide from the camera .
Running in his wheel before his accident .
As you can see in the above picture Prick at one point had wood shavings in his bin .
One night as I was cleaning his cage out I went to pick him up and put him into the dog carrier .
When I looked at him I saw that his eye was hanging out of the socket .
I left him there and hurriedly called Kim to ask what I should do .
She told me to take him to the emergency vet and talk with them .
I went down there right away and they said the eye was no good .
It would either have to be shrunk and put back in but with the chance of future complications or I could have the eye completely removed .
I opted for having it removed because I did not want him to deal with any future complications .
Here are a few after surgery pictures I took .
He does not like to be picked up as much since the accident but when I do hold him he is more calm after a few minutes .
Before his accident he would get huffy when I held him and try to get away .
Now he tried to fall asleep in my arms .
Movies
Prick anointing himself .
Sorry for the quality .
Prick running in his wheel and around his bin .
Pricks first fan art by a Manly Awesome Redditor
Same story as last year and the year before , but we ’ve confirmed with multiple AT&T sources that the carrier has now put a block on employees taking vacations in June .
The only time AT&T does a straight block like this is for iPhone launches .
What ’s interesting is , if AT&T is blocking June , perhaps the iPhone will launch a little earlier than July this year .
Jonathan Geller is the founder of Boy Genius Report , now known as BGR , and one of the biggest tech & mobile destinations in the world .
BGR was acquired by leading digital media company PMC in April 2010 and Jonathan is President and Editor - in - chief of BGR Media , LLC .
Jonathan was named to Forbes ' coveted 30 under 30 list in 2016 , and frequently appears as a commentator on news channels such as CNBC , Fox News , ABC News and Bloomberg .
On this site you ’ll find the content of two books about the essentials of voluntaryism , one about the philosophy of political freedom and the other about the psychological facets and meaningful acceptance of the philosophy of political freedom .
Both books are available in print , digital , and audio versions .
From the back cover of Complete Liberty : The Demise Of The State And The Rise Of Voluntary America ( 2007 ) :
You own yourself , and you make decisions for yourself .
As Aristotle pointed out over 2300 years ago , humans are creatures of reason , rational animals .
Thus , we are capable of running our lives as we see fit , and acknowledging others ’ ability to do likewise .
Everything else outlined in the book Complete Liberty follows from these basic facts .
The meme of “ government ” discourages us from claiming full ownership of ourselves and encourages us submit to the edicts of governmental officials .
We are told that such prevention of personal choice and denial of property rights are for our own good , or “ general welfare . ”
The idea of the State mocks our self - respect and our respect for others by fostering taxation , regulation , and many other injustices .
Instead of the State and the all - too - common problems it creates , let ’s foster a society of complete liberty .
Let ’s allow the tremendous ingenuity of a truly free marketplace of goods , services , and ideas provide for all of us – while fully respecting our lives and property .
In turn , let ’s look forward to dramatically higher living standards and a much brighter future .
A voluntary America is about reclaiming ourselves , our fundamental dignity as unique persons , and living life to the fullest , in accordance with the principle of individual rights .
Why should we have ever settled for less ?
From the back cover of Complete Liberty Inside Out : Honoring Yourself and Others for Optimal Enrichment ( 2015 ) :
Do you sense that many vital things in the human world are not being considered , from parenting to politics ?
What if this missing knowledge can be acquired by using your mind with renewed focus , with both clarity and compassion ?
If you seek to live in freedom rather than in fear , then the practice of self - responsibility becomes a key safeguard , which reveals all the arbitrary controls and impositions in our culture as simply relics of distrust and a fragmented inner world .
We live in an unprecedented time of innovation , and we need philosophical and psychological shifts that accord with respect , understanding , empathy , connection , freedom , and prosperity .
In this book you ’ll find ideas and perspectives about honoring the self you were , the self you are , and the self you can be , in addition to the selves of others , for mental liberation .
An inside - out view of complete liberty entails healing , integrating , and growing mentally , so that we can enrich our lives in the most helpful ways , personally and societally .
Commonplace systems of domination and submission of course challenge our resolve ; powerful cults of “ authority ” loom large , and sometimes they may overshadow our yearnings to be happy and free .
The American Dream has been constantly diminished by systems such as politics that use coercion and punishment as mainstays .
Yet , by compassionately inspecting the nature of childhood and parenting and reviewing their many effects on our lives , we can heal past wounds of trauma and implement win / win strategies to fulfill our needs .
A wonderful world awaits .
Complete Liberty Podcast is based on these ideas , and it concludes with episodes 213 - 221 , which are all nine chapters of Complete Liberty Inside Out .
Enjoy the root - striking !
No , I have n’t lost my mind — that ’s not what I believe .
But you know that ’s what the talk - show hosts will be saying soon , if they have n’t already started .
The only question is what the story will be .
Will it be claims that liberals and / or scientific conspirators sabotaged the rig , to undermine good Americans who want to drillheredrillnow ?
( Michael Crichton already wrote that novel ) .
Will it be that oil workers , demoralized by the march of socialism , fell into despair and let the accident happen ?
Will it be claims that since this did n’t happen under Bush , it obviously shows that Obamanomics is responsible ?
I do n’t know .
But you know something along these lines is coming .
Update : He shoots !
He scores !
Media Matters : Rush ’s conspiracy theory : “ Environmentalist whackos ” may have blown up oil rig to “ head off more oil drilling ”
MANILA ( Reuters ) - A 6.1 magnitude quake off the Philippine west coast shook the capital Manila and neighboring areas on Thursday afternoon , but there were no reports of damage or casualties .
There was also no warning of a tsunami .
The United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) said the quake , centered around 66 miles west of the port city of Batangas , south of Manila , happened at a depth of 45 miles at around 1:30 p.m. ( 0530 GMT ) .
It had earlier said there were two quakes just seconds apart at much shallower depths .
“ Normally with an earthquake that strong , any damage would be reported immediately .
It ’s almost one hour since it happened and we have not received any significant report , ” said Glenn Rabonza , head of the Philippine National Disaster Coordinating Council .
Rabonza said the mayor of Lubang Island in Mindoro province , near the epicenter , had reported no damage .
“ They ’re checking the bridges and other structures which swayed but were not damaged , ” he said .
Renato Solidum , head of the government ’s seismology agency , said the earthquake was caused by the movement of an active fault line called the Manila trench .
The agency said the quake had a magnitude of 6 and happened at a depth of 25 km .
“ We do n’t expect any significant damage because the highest intensity we recorded is only 5 .
Normally , a magnitude 6 quake and felt at intensity 7 could cause damage , ” Solidum said , adding the quake was not expected to generate a tsunami .
DIZZY , EERIE
Residents in the capital , a sprawling city of about 13 million people , said they felt the tremor and that office buildings swayed .
“ I was sitting at the computer when the ground started moving sideways .
Nothing fell over or came down , but it swayed for what felt like a long time , ” said Caloy dela Pasion , a staffer at the Manila Bulletin newspaper .
“ I felt quite dizzy .
As soon as it was over , everyone came out of their offices feeling nervous . ”
Traffic in the Makati business district was flowing as usual and pedestrian numbers were normal .
“ We all went down the building from the fourth floor .
Some of us were scared , ” said 24 - year - old Kath de Leon , an office worker in Makati .
Devi de Veyra was at home in her fifth - floor apartment in Manila ’s Quezon City when the quake hit .
“ There was around 30 - 40 seconds of movement , a series of tremors .
It was quite gentle but very eerie .
I was waiting for the big quake to come , but it did n’t , ” she said .
( 1902 )
This novel exposes the myth behind colonisation whilst exploring the three levels of darkness that the protagonist , Marlow , encounters -- the darkness of the Congo wilderness , the darkness of the European 's cruel treatment of the natives , and the unfathomable darkness within every human being for committing heinous acts of evil .
Conrad himself was exposed to the brutality of European attitudes in the Congo when he worked as a captain of a steamboat on the Congo river .
Conrad , as shown through this novella , was disgusted by the cruelty , futility , and lust for ivory .
This is a profound , thought provoking novel that challenges the reader to question their own morals and values to ' The Horror ' the novel exposes them to .
-- Submitted by Mikz Ramsing
A post -colonialist , post - modern text dealing with the psychological and physical transformation of the Europeans and the quest of an individual for self - knowledge in the heart of Africa , the dark continent - the Congo - where Belgium has set up a colony .
Marlow goes there as captain and finds Kurtz , a prosperous ivory agent with deteriorating health .
Marlow 's journey to meet Kurtz and bring him home to Europe is symbolic of his journey to the heart of darkness , the subconscious mind .
-- Submitted by sayantani
In every society we have intellectuals who wish to curb bad elements .
How can ordinary citizens do that ?
Answer : Through Art and Literature !
Charles Dickens , Washington Irving , George Orwell , John Steinbeck , and Joseph Conrad are all great examples of such genius , with a common denominator : they were making not only humanistic statements , but also political statements .
The character of Kurtz is as openly a metaphorical figure , as Shylock .
He represents a ' type ' of personality : one that is intelligent , ambitious and capable .
But at the sight of money , he turns into an evil genius .
But all human beings also have a quality of ' empathy ' as well , with all living things .
So , after a while , he goes insane .
Joseph Conrad was a messiah , giving a bold and truthful message to his countrymen .
The injustice of ambitious white people knew no bounds in Africa during the 18th and 19th centuries .
Thousands of elephants were killed mercilessly for their ivory .
Conrad asks a basic question : is this why God created man as the highest living being ?
Another title for this great novel might have been : The Enlightened Animal .
That 's us !-- Submitted by Lady Professor
Even as the title itself suggests the intent of the writer in describing the darkness of more than one kind , Joseph Conrad 's novella goes beyond portraying the harsh rainforests of Congo or the morbid depths of human psyche or even the tyranny of imperialistic rule .
What was most impressive about the book was how Conrad explores and describes situations and experiences in the Heart of Darkness that is Africa .
His contemplation on the cannibals ' restraint in a certain episode or his narration of the sighting of the wild primeval men and his appreciation of their raw humanity like yours and mine or his facetious comments on high - handed Imperialism or describing Kurtz 's ' Intended ' 's mourning a year later - an entire gamut of human expression is traversed .
One of the most striking features of this book is how the author describes the life - like quality of the wilderness and the almost phantasmagorical description of his crew 's trip down the Congo river into the true Heart of Darkness .
Apart from a plot narration that swings to and fro in a pleasing manner , the author is able to address the reader 's qualms about certain of his assertions through characters who interrupt his narration that happens in the surreal setting of the Thames that Conrad so beautifully describes .
-- Submitted by Srinivas Naik
Heart of Darkness is a journey to the dark soul of mankind .
In creating this fiction Conrad uses the technique of the Iliad .
He also uses the technique which we find in The Rhyme of the Ancient Mariner where the narrator has to keep repeating his story in an effort to cleanse the memory .
Christian symbolism is rampant as Conrad shows us the pilgrims , the spear through the side of his helmsman , the episode with his shoes redolent of Jesus telling his disciples to shake off the dust from their sandals .
The novella overall has a Nietzschian quality as the colonists strive to achieve their goals through a will to power over the indigent people of Africa .
The women in the novella are reminiscent of the Madonna / Whore complex .
By the end of the narrative we are almost ready to start again hoping for a different outcome .
-- Submitted by Tom Keane
Conrad never tells us where Heart of Darkness is set .
It begins on a boat moored on the Thames , with the glow of the City in the background , waiting for the tide to turn .
Marlow , the narrator , tells of his boyhood yearning to visit the empty places of the world , and goes on to reminisce about his short time as a river - boat captain , on an endless river , in a dark continent , in the service of a European financial power .
He never gives a more exact location than this , for the heart of darkness is an imaginative location , a place that may be anywhere , a dark violence that has no boundaries , with a starting point that is as likely to be the City glowing behind the narrator , as anywhere else .
-- Submitted by Anonymous
Heart of Darkness can be seen in some angles as an autobiographical novel by Conrad .
The party dealing properly with the title begins when Marlow , on board with his friends on the Thames , takes his turn to tell a history to help them shorten mentally their trip .
Marlow grows from a casual critic as the story in which he 's implicated begins to an other person for his sound judgment is influenced by the harsh conditions he lived during his trip to rescue Kurtz .
He even reaches a point where he loses his philanthropic character by judging severely the people who have not endured what he endured in Africa .
-- Submitted by Sawadogo Salfo
Fan of this book ?
Help us introduce it to others by writing a better introduction for it .
It 's quick and easy , click here .
Recent Forum Posts on Heart of Darkness
Heart of Darkness Making Connections Conrad purposely creates similarities in the novel , but as to the meaning I am unsure .
Why do you think Conrad makes Kurtz 's death resemble the conditions of the natives in the grove of death ?
Posted By Greeneyk at Fri 27 Mar 2015 , 9:11 PM in Heart of Darkness || 0 Replies
STURGEON ENG 4B HD Part II Significant Quotes For all Eng IVB students , my question to you is this :
What two images do you find now after Part II that seem to prevail throughout the story ?
Name them and discuss their significance .
This is the first of several threads , as well as an opportunity to post questions to others ! :)
Posted By Yvonne Sturgeon at Mon 16 Mar 2015 , 10:21 PM in Heart of Darkness || 34 Replies
themes , motifs , symbols , etc
Hi , please , can anybody help me to analyze this text which comes from Heart of Darkness by Joseph Conrad .
I need to say what is the content , themes , symbols , atmosphere or other features prominent in this text :
Anything approaching the change that came over his features I have never seen before , and hope never to see again .
Oh , I was n't touched .
I was fascinated .
It was as though a veil had been rent .
I saw on that ivory face the expression of sombre pride , of ruthless power , of craven terror - - of an intense and hopeless despair .
Did he live his life again in every detail of desire , temptation , and surrender during that supreme moment of complete knowledge ?
He cried in a whisper at some image , at some vision -- he cried out twice , a cry that was no more than a breath : ` The horror !
The horror !'
My best answer is this :
This part of the story seems to be quite dark and unhappy as the narrator ( Marlow ) says that he wishes to never see the person´s ( Kurtz ) features again .
This may mean that it was horrible look .
Also the expressions as " ruthless power and craven terror - - of an intense and hopeless despair " give me an unpleasant feeling .
Furthermore the last words " the horror " suggest terrible thoughts in th person mind , maybe of his memories .
Al those words represent some kind of darkness .
The amosphere is not a happy one .
I think that Kurtz is in fever or so as it sounds that he doesn´t know about himself .
The discription of his voice being no ore than a breath suggest that Kurtz is dying .
The narrator seems that he is not a good friend of him as he is " not touched "
This is very much about the content but what about the motifs and other featers ?
I really don´t know .
Anybody can help ?
Many thanks !
Edit / Delete Edit Post Quick reply to this message Reply Reply With Quote Reply With Quote Multi-Quote
This Message Posted By kachacha at Fri 25 Oct 2013 , 12:28 PM in Heart of Darkness || 0 Replies
Heart of Darkness Lit Questions THEME  EVIL
What is an example of Marlow 's philosophical questioning ?
What is the point of questioning ?
( 1 ) 
There is quite a bit to hear , the sounds of jungle , what does this suggest ?
( 2 ) EXPLORING THEMES 
How can ears and eyes fail you in Conrads world ?
( 3 ) ' Heart of Darkness ' suggests that one can hear truth even if they can not see it .
How true is this statement ?
( 4 )  Words are of a raving mad man ( Kurtz ) Is Kurtz mad ?
Discuss .
( 5 ) THE DEVASTATION
Darkness is incomprehensible and absurd .
Do you agree ?
Discuss and provide two examples . ( 6 ) ( Outer station blast away station , no goal in mind )
The outcome was that the natives were EXPLOITED .
What are some examples of the darkness of the human soul in ' Heart of Darkness ? '
Discuss .
( 7 ) ( Consider Kurtz , the company and the treatment of the natives ) .
How are the natives perceived ?
Discuss . ( 8 ) This is for a lit class and we have to answer these but I have no time as I have a major project for my 3 / 4 class due ( 3/4 is Australian last year of high school and I 'm doing a class for it whilst in the year below ) the same day .
If you could help me out or at least give any thoughts , that would be so ridiculously amazing , thank you in advance .
:D:D:D Posted By Ziggy Byron at Sun 2 Sep 2012 , 2:20 AM in Heart of Darkness || 0 Replies
Thesis Help I have a paper due and I am really bad at writing proper thesis statements .
My prompt is : Marlow says that he detests lies at one point .
Does this implied ( and elsewhere stated ) preference for truth hold constant it the novel ?
What is the " truth " that Marlow discovers , and does Marlow seem to understand his own character in light of that truth , or does he remain confused about his interests and beliefs ?..
It would be helpful if anybody is able to help me with this !
Posted By ZerrodW at Mon 2 Apr 2012 , 8:22 PM in Heart of Darkness || 3 Replies
Does Kurtz represent the Wall Streeter , the modern banker and the greedy capitalist ?
I understand the spirit of this forum and this is an exclusive literature forum .
Literature is a big domain that can contain wide ranges , disciplines , themes .
We know great literatures had massive impacts on society .
We Know Ayn Rand and her capitalism and I know how the Ex - Chairman of the Federal Reserve Allen Greenspan was influenced by her ideas and he used her works to reinforce capitalism in the US .
Even I find the Wealth of Nations by Adam Smith full of literature .
I have recently read , a second time , first I read a decade ago , Heart of Darkness by Joseph Conrad .
I am an avid reader of economic and financial journals , and I saw some of our business tycoons bearing resemblance to Kurtz of Heart of Darkness by Joseph Conrad when they are swayed by the passion for wealth and power .
I hope this is not off literary topics and want to hear an analogical comments by the panels here .
This discussion will center around Kurtz , the greedy and passion driven fortune pursuer resembling somewhat some of our modern power and pelf mongers .
Posted By osho at Wed 2 Nov 2011 , 9:35 AM in Heart of Darkness || 2 Replies
Heart of Darkness Video Game Project !!!
I 'm sure you guys are familiar with Apocalypse Now , right ?
Well did you know the movie is actually heavily based on the novel , Heart of Darkness by Joseph Conrad ?
We had to read that book my high school senior year in English VI , and we were assigned a project based on it .
Now , a lot of people went the home movie route with their friends .
Me ?
I made a video game in less than a week with Game Maker , and I had no idea how to use it .
I stressed out so much over the crappy tutorials I could scrape from the internet and worked long nights ( until 3 AM ) every weekday , but eventually what emerged was this :
http://www.yoyogames.com/games/148189-heart-of-darkness or http://www.mediafire.com/?70idxq7jq59dxpc
You 'll know what part of the book this game takes place just by looking at the title .
I call it " Heart of Darkness : Arrows from Above " .
Just read the prologue if you 're still lost .
You can skip the prologue if you want by left - clicking the screen .
Here 's some basic info about the game in case you 're not much of a gamer : 1 . It 's a platformer game ( like Super Mario Brothers ) 2 .
To move left and right press the left and right arrow keys 3 .
To jump press the up arrow key 4 .
The light grey areas are NOT solid 5 .
Falling arrows can kill you ( arrows going up in the background do not kill you ) 6 .
You can jump on the thin platforms hanging over the grey areas ( watch out , the wooden ones break and the grey platforms do not block arrows ) 7 .
Make sure and read what the crewmen have to say .
Some have helpful tips
If you read the book you might want to burn it because of how hard it was to read the dialect , but you might get a few chuckles out of the game .
I think you guys will get most of the references from the book , especially the " pilgrims " and the rivets ( and yes I know they did n't mean colonial pilgrims ) .
Posted By Chrispins at Sun 12 Jun 2011 , 1:48 AM in Heart of Darkness || 2 Replies
Heart of Darkness Questions
So i've been working on my heart of darkness questions for class and i've having some trouble with these few questions .
Any help would be appreciated !
: seeya : 1 . What does the frame narrator say distinguishes Marlow from other sailors ?
How is this distinction significant with respect to the adventure that Marlow recounts ?
2 . Describe the exchange between Marlow and his idealistic Aunt .
How well does Marlow 's self - description as a realist hold up over the course of the story ?
Explain .
3 . When Marlow reaches the Company 's Outer Station , and offers us some observations about it .
What does he say about the reigning " Devil " in this Outer Station ?
How does this " Devil " differ from others with whom he has made acquaintance ?
4 . What fundamental contrast or contradiction among the Outer Station inhabitants begins to appear right away , as soon as Marlow comes across dying workers and the smartly dressed Company Accountant ?
5 . What is the first description we hear of Kurtz ?
For what quality or activity is he praised ?
How does the praise bring up the novella 's frequent oppositions between light or whiteness and darkness ?
6 . When Marlow reaches the Central Station , how does he describe nature 's effects on the Station and its inhabitants ?
What power does the wilderness have over the Station , and what appears to motivate its occupants ?
7 . What view of Kurtz does the Brickmaker ( a favorite of the Manager ) take ?
Why does he appear to resent Kurtz ?
8 . How do the Manager and his nephew reveal their resentment of Kurtz in spite of that agent 's obvious success as an ivory collector ?
What effect does their resentment have upon Marlow , who has overheard their conversation ?
9 . What does Marlow imply is the basis for his ability to respond to the African natives he observes ?
To what extent does he here invoke the distinction often made between nature and culture , primitive and civilized ?
Does he accept that distinction ?
10 .
After making some less than condemnatory remarks about Kurtz , Marlow is pegged as a " fellow traveler " of Kurtz .
How does Marlow react when he finally closes in upon and then encounters Kurtz ?
Once again , any sort of help would be appreciated !
Posted By RisingStorm at Thu 25 Nov 2010 , 12:38 AM in Heart of Darkness || 0 Replies
Heart of darkness questions
What view of modern Western European society do we get from the Narrator ?
From Marlow ?
How are we to interpret the story Marlow tells ?
As a " yarn " ?
As a history ?
As some kind of myth ?
A morality play , maybe ?
Can we take Marlow to be an impartial , objective narrator ?
A truthful one ?
Posted By Purpletexastwis at Thu 11 Nov 2010 , 6:16 AM in Heart of Darkness || 1 Reply
The Original Anti-War Mother 's Day Editor ’s Note : For most Americans , Mother ’s Day means ordering some flowers or buying a card to express a sentimental appreciation for one ’s mother , but that was n’t what the first Mother ’s Day had in mind .
The original Mother ’s Day Proclamation from poet and suffragette Julia Ward Howe was a protest against the evils of war , a call to mothers to act to prevent future wars that would exact horrific tolls on their sons and the sons of others , as Gary G. Kohls reminds us :
In 1870 – 140 years ago – the disastrous human consequences of the American Civil War were becoming increasingly apparent , especially to the mothers of sons and the wives of husbands who had watched as these men proudly and patriotically marched off to “ glorious ” war a decade earlier .
Email
Printer friendly
Some of these women had probably ( and regretfully ) participated in the pre-war flag - waving fervor that war planners and profiteers cunningly elicit from the poor and working classes who will be doing the dirty work .
Everything changed , however , when the killing and maiming started and the permanent war wounded struggled back home with desperate needs for medical and mental health care .
Julia Ward Howe was a life - long abolitionist and therefore probably a reluctant supporter of the Union Army ’s anti-slavery rationale for going to war against the pro-slavery Confederate South .
A compassionate and well - educated middle child of an upper - class family , Howe was also a poet who , in the early days of the Civil War , wrote “ The Battle Hymn of the Republic ” using many biblically - based lyrics .
Though she later became a pacifist and a famous antiwar activist , her fervent anti-slavery attitudes inspired her to write that still famous song ; and she did it in one sitting , in the pre-dawn darkness of Nov. 18 , 1861 .
Originally , Howe had thought of her song as an abolitionist anthem .
However , because of some militant - sounding lyrics and the eminently marchable tune , the song soon was adopted by the Union Army as its most inspiring war song .
At the time , the Civil War also had not yet degenerated into the wholesale mutual mass slaughter made possible by the advances in weaponry that were destined to make obsolete the cavalry , the bayonet and the sword .
Grim Images
In part because of the relatively uncensored battlefield journalism of the time and the grim images of dead soldiers made possible by the invention of the camera , it did n’t take too long for peace - loving , justice - oriented activists to recognize that war was the equivalent of hell on earth .
By the time the Civil War ended in 1865 , 600,000 American soldiers were dead , with no accurate count of the likely much larger number of soldiers wounded , disabled or missing in action .
Women saw their sons and husbands returning home broken in body and spirit – definitely not as heroes , as had been the pre-war hope – and the minds of Howe and other women were changed about the lie that war is glorious .
The families of the returning Civil War veterans , both North and South , also discovered that many of the soldiers who had no visible scars were emotionally disabled , a problem that actually grew worse after they were home and out of “ harm ’s way . ”
The healing effect of time did n’t work like it was supposed to with these psychologically wounded veterans .
The so - called “ unwounded ones ” often suffered melancholy , had nightmares , could n’t function in society and turned suicidal , homicidal and / or anti-social .
Many of the most infamous train and bank robbers and serial killers of the late 1800s got their start as Civil War soldiers , most famously the members of the James gang .
Because of normal society ’s inability to deal with massive numbers of war - traumatized veterans , the first “ veterans homes ” were constructed for the long - term care of the tens of thousands of invalided ex-soldiers who otherwise might have died homeless , hungry and helpless .
Many of these unfortunates were diagnosed as having “ Soldiers ’ Heart , ” also known in the Civil War era as “ Nostalgia , ” a commonly incurable malady better known today as “ Combat - Induced PTSD ” ( posttraumatic stress disorder ) .
The horrors of the Civil War even changed those the conflict made famous .
Speaking to a graduating class of military cadets years later , Union General William Tecumseh Sherman uttered his famous truth about the nature of warfare as part of a rebuke to the era ’s “ chicken - hawks , ” people who call for war without having experienced it .
“ I confess without shame that I am tired and sick of war , ” Sherman said .
“ Its glory is all moonshine .
It is only those who have neither heard the shrieks and groans of the wounded , who cry aloud for more blood , more vengeance , more desolation .
War is Hell . ”
By 1870 , Julia Ward Howe had been deeply affected both by the ongoing agonies of Civil War veterans and the carnage occurring overseas in the Franco - Prussian War .
Though very short , that war resulted in almost 100,000 killed in action plus another 100,000 lethally wounded or sickened .
The First Mother ’s Day So , as a humanist who cared about suffering people – as well as a feminist and a suffragette who advocated social justice – Howe penned her “ Mother ’s Day Proclamation ” in 1870 as an appeal to mothers to spare their sons and the sons of others from the depredations of war .
The Mother ’s Day Proclamation was partly a lament for the useless deaths and partly a call to action to stop future wars .
The call was directed , not to men , many of whom may have felt proud for their “ service , ” but to women , who often have proved more thoughtful and humane about issues of human suffering .
Then , on June 2 , 1872 , in New York City , Julia Ward Howe held the first “ Mother ’s Day ” as an anti-war observance , a practice Howe continued in Boston for the next decade before it died out .
The modern Mother ’s Day , with its apolitical message , emerged in the early Twentieth Century , with Howe ’s original intent largely erased from the mainstream consciousness .
Howe ’s vision of an antiwar mother ’s call to action was watered - down into an annual expression of sentimentality .
Like most other holidays ( including religious ones ) , Mother ’s Day in capitalist America has been transformed into just another expectation of gift - buying and gift - giving .
What was originally a call to mobilize outraged mothers to keep their sons and husbands from going off half - cocked to kill and die for some corporate war profiteer or other , became just another opportunity to market non-essential consumer goods .
Note in Howe ’s proclamation below how strongly she felt that wives and mothers should never have to be put in the position of comforting or applauding their soldier - husbands or soldier - sons when they come home from war “ reeking of carnage . ”
In her view , the prevention of such “ reeking ” was so much simpler than the attempt to reverse the consequences of the “ carnage ” of war .
Howe also felt that mothers should never allow war - making institutions to make killers out of their sons whom they had raised to be ethical , humane people with love for humankind .
One must wonder , too , what Howe meant when she referred to “ irrelevant agencies . ”
One can only assume that the same American military , governmental , corporate and bureaucratic agencies that have been messing things up in Iraq , Afghanistan , New Orleans , the Gulf of Mexico and all over the world were also operating in the last half of the 1800s .
Wall Street and the military / industrial / congressional / media complex – the entities that dominate U.S. policymaking today – were probably in operation then , too , though surely with less exorbitant salaries , bonuses , contracts and cost overruns .
Given the ongoing horrors of war , perhaps it ’s finally time for people of good will to recall Julia Ward Howe ’s peacemaking vision on this Mother ’s Day , 2010 .
Julia Ward Howe 's Mother 's Day Proclamation of 1870 : " Arise then , women of this day !
Arise , all women who have hearts , whether your baptism be that of water or tears !
" Say firmly : ' We will not have great questions decided by irrelevant agencies .
Our husbands shall not come to us , reeking with carnage , for caresses and applause .
Our sons shall not be taken from us to unlearn all that we have taught them of charity , mercy and patience .
We women of one country will be too tender of those of another to allow our sons to be trained to injure theirs . '
" From the bosom of the devastated earth , a voice goes up with our own .
It says , ' Disarm , disarm ! '
The sword of murder is not the balance of justice .
Blood does not wipe out dishonor , nor does violence indicate possession .
As men have often forsaken the plow and the anvil at the summons of war , let women now leave all that may be left of home for a great and earnest day of counsel .
Let them meet first , as women , to bewail and commemorate the dead .
Let them solemnly take counsel with each other as to the means whereby the great human family can live in peace , each bearing after his own time the sacred impress , not of Caesar but of God .
" In the name of womanhood and of humanity , I earnestly ask that a general congress of women without limit of nationality may be appointed and held at some place deemed most convenient and at the earliest period consistent with its objects , to promote the alliance of the different nationalities , the amicable settlement of international questions , the great and general interests of peace . "
Dr. Kohls is a retired physician who writes about issues of war and peace .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
The Linux Kernel : It ’s Worth More !
David A. Wheeler
This paper refines Ingo Molnar ’s estimate of the development effort it would take to redevelop Linux kernel version 2.6 .
Molnar ’s rough estimate found it would cost $ 176M ( US ) to redevelop the Linux kernel using traditional proprietary approaches .
By using a more detailed cost model and much more information about the Linux kernel , I found that the effort would be closer to $ 612M ( US ) to redevelop the Linux kernel as it existed in 2004 .
A postscript lists some recalculations since then , showing that these values have grown .
In any case , the Linux kernel is clearly worth far more than the $ 50,000 offered in 2004 .
On October 7 , 2004 , Jeff V. Merkey made the following offer on the linux .
kernel mailing list :
We offer to kernel.org the sum of $ 50,000.00 US for a one time license to the Linux Kernel Source for a single snapshot of a single Linux version by release number .
This offer must be accepted by ** ALL ** copyright holders and this snapshot will subsequently convert the GPL license into a BSD style license for the code .
Many respondents noted that this proposal was unworkable , because it required complete agreement by all copyright holders .
Not only would such a process be lengthy , but many copyright holders made it clear in various replies that they would not agree to any such plan .
Many Linux kernel developers expect improved versions of their code to be continuously available to them , and a release using a BSD - style license would violate those developers ’ expectations .
Indeed , it was clear that many respondants felt that such a move would strip the Linux kernel of legal protections against someone who wanted to monopolize a derived version of the kernel .
Many open source software / Free software ( OSS / FS ) developers allow conversion of their OSS / FS programs to a proprietary program ; some even encourage it .
The BSD - style licenses are specifically designed to allow conversion of an OSS / FS program into a proprietary program .
However , the GPL is the most popular OSS / FS license , and it was specifically designed to prevent this .
Based on the thread responses , it ’s clear that many Linux kernel developers prefer that the GPL continue to be used as the Linux kernel license .
In addition , many people were suspicious about the motives for this offer .
Groklaw published an article that mentioned this proposal , and noted that someone with the same name is listed on a patent recently obtained by the Canopy Group .
SCO is a Canopy Group company , and I have since confirmed that the patent application refers to the same person .
Groklaw later tried to learn more about him .
I do n’t really know why Merkey made this proposal , and it does n’t really matter .
What ’s more interesting to me is the questions that this raised , namely , how much is Linux “ worth ” ?
That is a valid question !
In one of the responses , Ingo Molnar calculated the cost to re-develop the Linux kernel using my tool SLOCCount .
Molnar did n’t specify exactly which version of the Linux kernel he used , but he did note that it was in the version 2.6 line , and presumably it was a recent version as of October 2004 .
He found that “ the Linux 2.6 kernel , if developed from scratch as commercial software , takes at least this much effort under the default COCOMO model ” :
Total Physical Source Lines of Code ( SLOC ) = 4,287,449 Development Effort Estimate , Person - Years ( Person - Months ) = 1,302.68 ( 15,632 ) ( Basic COCOMO model , Person - Months = 2.4 * ( KSLOC **1.05 ) ) Schedule Estimate , Years ( Months ) = 8.17 ( 98.10 ) ( Basic COCOMO model , Months = 2.5 * ( person - months * * 0.38 ) ) Estimated Average Number of Developers ( Effort / Schedule ) = 159.35 Total Estimated Cost to Develop = $ 175,974,824 ( average salary = $ 56,286 / year , overhead = 2.40 ) .
SLOCCount is Open Source Software / Free Software , licensed under the FSF GPL .
Please credit this data as " generated using David A. Wheeler 's ' SLOCCount ' . "
After noting the redevelopment cost of $ 176M ( US ) , Ingo Molnar then commented , “ and you want an unlimited license for $ 0.05 M ?
What is this , the latest variant of the Nigerian / 419 scam ? ”
Strictly speaking , the value of a product is n’t the same as the cost of developing it .
For example , if no one wants to use a software product , then it has no value , no matter how much was spent in developing it .
The value of a proprietary software product to its vendor can be estimated by computing the amount of money that the vendor will receive from it over all future time ( via sales , etc. ) , minus the costs ( development , sustainment , etc. ) over that same time period -- but predicting the future is extremely difficult , and the Linux kernel is n’t a proprietary product anyway .
Estimating value to users is difficult , and in fact , value estimation is surprisingly difficult to compute directly .
But if a software product is used widely , so much so that you ’d be willing to redevelop it , then development costs are a reasonable way to estimate the lower bound of its value .
After all , if you ’re willing to redevelop a program , then it must have at least that value .
The Linux kernel is widely used , so its redevelopment costs will at least give you a lower bound of its value .
Thus , Molnar ’s response is quite correct -- offering $ 50 K for something that would cost at about $ 176 M to redevelop is ludicrous .
It ’s true that the kernel developers could continue to develop the Linux kernel after a BSD - style release , after all , the *BSD operating systems do this now .
But with a BSD - style release , someone else could take the code and establish a competing proprietary product , and it would take time for the kernel developers to add enough additional material to compete with such a product .
It ’s not clear that a proprietary vendor could really pick up the Linux kernel and maintain the same pace without many of the original developers , but that ’s a different matter .
Certainly , the scale of the difference between $ 176 M and $ 50 K is enough to see that the offer is not very much , compared to what the offerer is trying to buy .
But in fact , it ’s even sillier than it appears ; I believe the cost to redevelop the Linux kernel would actually be much greater than this .
Molnar correctly notes that he used the default Basic COCOMO model for cost estimation .
This is the default cost model for SLOCCount , because it ’s a reasonable model for rough estimates about typical applications .
It ’s also a reasonable default when you ’re examining a large set of software programs at once , since the ranges of real efforts should eventually average out ( this is the approach I used in my More than a Gigabuck paper ) .
So , what Molnar did was perfectly reasonable for getting a rough order of magnitude of effort .
But since there ’s only one program being considered in this analysis -- the Linux kernel -- we can use a more detailed model to get a more accurate cost estimate .
I was curious what the answer would be .
So I ’ve estimated the effort to create the Linux kernel , using a more detailed cost model .
This paper shows the results -- and it shows that redeveloping the Linux kernel would cost even more .
This estimate is what it would cost to rebuild a particular version , and not exactly the same as the effort actually invested into the kernel .
In particular , in Linux kernel development , a common practice is to have a “ bake - off ” where competing ideas are all implemented and then measured ; the approach with the best result ( e.g. , faster ) is then used .
Bake - offs have much to commend them , but since only one approach is actually included , the effort invested in the alternatives is n’t included in this estimate .
To get better accuracy in our estimation , we need to use a more detailed estimation model .
An obvious alternative , and the one I ’ll use , is the Intermediate COCOMO model .
This model requires more information than the Basic COCOMO model , but it can produce higher - accuracy estimations if you can provide the data it needs .
We ’ll also use the version of COCOMO that uses physical SLOC ( since we do n’t have the logical SLOC counts ) .
If you do n’t want to know the details , feel free to skip to the next section labelled “ results ” .
First , we now need to determine if this is an “ organic ” , “ embedded ” , or “ semidetached ” application .
The Linux kernel is clearly not an organic application ; organic applications have a small software team developing software in a familiar , in - house environment , without significant communication overheads , and allow hard requirements to be negotiated away .
It could be argued that the Linux kernel is embedded , since it often operates in tight constraints ; but in practice these constraints are n’t very tight , and the kernel project can often negotiate requirements to a limited extent ( e.g. , providing only partial support for a particular peripheral or motherboard if key documentation is lacking ) .
While the Linux kernel developers do n’t ignore resource constraints , there are no specific constraints that the developers feel are strictly required .
Thus , it appears that the kernel should be considered a “ semidetached ” system ; this is the intermediate stage between organic and embedded .
“ Semidetached ” is n’t a very descriptive word , but that ’s the word used by the cost model so we ’ll use it here .
It really just means between the two extremes of organic and embedded .
The intermediate COCOMO model also requires a number of additional parameters .
Here are those parameters , and their values for the Linux kernel ( as I perceive them ) ; the parameter values are based on Software Engineering Economics by Barry Boehm :
RELY : Required software reliability : High ( 1.15 ) .
The Linux kernel is now used in situations where crashes can cause high financial loss .
Even more importantly , Linux kernel developers expect the kernel to be highly reliable , and the kernel undergoes extensive worldwide off - nominal testing .
While the testing approach is different than traditional testing regimes , it clearly produces a highly reliable result ( see the Reliability section of my paper Why OSS / FS ?
Look at the Numbers ! ) .
the kernel to be highly reliable , and the kernel undergoes extensive worldwide off - nominal testing .
While the testing approach is different than traditional testing regimes , it clearly produces a highly reliable result ( see the Reliability section of my paper Why OSS / FS ?
Look at the Numbers ! ) .
DATA : Data base size : Nominal ( 1.0 ) .
Typically the Linux kernel manages far larger data bases ( file systems ) than itself , but it handles them as somewhat opaque contents , so it ’s questionable that those larger sizes can really be counted as being much greater than nominal .
Handling the filesystems ’ metadata is itself somewhat complicated , and does take significant effort , but filesystem management is only one of many things that the kernel does .
So , absent more specific data , we ’ll claim it ’s nominal .
If we claim it ’s higher , and there ’s reason for doing so , that would increase the estimated effort .
CPLX : Product complexity : Extra high ( 1.65 ) .
The kernel must perform multiple resource handling with dynamically changing priorities : multiple processes / tasks running on potentially multiple processors , with multiple kinds of memory , accessing peripherals which also have various dynamic priorities .
The kernel must deal with device timing - dependent coding , and with highly coupled dynamic data structures ( some of whose structure is imposed by hardware ) .
In addition , it implements routines for interrupt servicing and masking , as well as multi-processor threading and load balancing .
The kernel does have an internal design structure , which helps manage complexity somewhat , but in the end no design can eliminate the essential complexity of the task today ’s kernels are asked to perform .
It ’s true that toy kernels are n’t as complex ; requiring single processors , forbidding re-entry , ignoring resource contention issues , ignoring error conditions , and a variety of other simplifications can make a kernel much easier to build , at the cost of poor performance .
But the Linux kernel is no toy .
Real - world operating system kernels are considered extremely difficult to develop , for a litany of good reasons .
TIME : Execution time constraint : High ( 1.11 ) .
Although it does n’t need to stay at less than 70 % resource use , performance is an important design criteria , and much effort has been spent on measuring and improving performance .
an important design criteria , and much effort has been spent on measuring and improving performance .
STOR : Main storage constraint : Nominal ( 1.0 ) .
Although there has been some effort to limit memory use ( e.g. , 4 K kernel stacks ) , Linux kernel development has not been strongly constrained by memory .
VIRT : Virtual machine volatility : High ( 1.15 ) .
The most common processor ( x86 ) does n’t change that quickly , though new releases by Intel and AMD do need to be taken into account .
The Linux kernel is also influenced by other processor architectures , which in the aggregate change quite a bit over time .
Even more importantly , the other components of underlying machines ( such as motherboards , peripheral and bus interfaces , etc. ) change on a weekly basis .
Often the documentation is unavailable , and when available , it ’s sometimes wrong ( which from a developer ’s point of view looks like a volatile interface , since it keeps changing ) .
The Linux kernel developers spend a vast amount of time identifying hardware limitations / problems and working around them .
What ’s worse , there ’s a variety of different hardware , and new ones keep arriving .
The kernel developers do attempt to control things where they can .
For example , while they try to write code that works with a variety of gcc versions , they limit themselves to one compiler ( gcc ) , designate an official gcc version , and try to limit when official gcc versions are changed .
But these measures cannot hide the fact that the interface of the underlying machine is actually quite volatile .
TURN : Computer turnaround time : Nominal ( 1.0 ) .
Kernel recompilation and rebooting are n’t interactive , but they ’re reasonably fast on 2 + GHz processors .
Once the first compilation has occurred , recompilation is usually quite quick for localized changes .
Thus , there ’s no reason for this to be a penalty .
ACAP : Analyst capability : High ( 0.86 ) .
It appears that the people analyzing the system , identifying the “ real ” requirements , and the needed design modifications to support them , are significantly better at doing this than the industry average .
This analysis tends to be more distributed than in a typical proprietary project , but it obviously still occurs .
AEXP : Applications experience : Nominal ( 1.0 ) .
It ’s difficult to determine how much experience with the Linux kernel the software developers of the Linux kernel have .
Clearly , if you modify the same program day after day for many years , you ’ll tend to become more efficient at modifying it .
Some developers , such as Linus Torvalds and Alan Cox , clearly have a vast amount of experience in modifying the Linux kernel .
But for many other kernel developers it is n’t clear that they have a vast amount of experience modifying the Linux kernel .
In absence of better information , I ’ve chosen nominal .
This suggests that on average , developers of the Linux kernel have about 3 years ’ full - time experience in modifying the Linux kernel .
More experience on average would help , and lower the effort estimation somewhat .
PCAP : Programmer capability : High ( 0.86 ) .
Modern kernels such as Linux are complex , creating a strong barrier against attempts to contribute by less capable developers .
Would - be contributors must convince the existing experts that their work is worthwhile , so new contributors ’ works are normally revised by highly capable developers .
Key kernel developers are not accepted as such unless they convince the other , already highly capable developers that they are also capable .
Generally only highly capable , above - average developers ( 75th percentile or more ) will be successful at helping to develop the Linux kernel .
VEXP : Virtual machine experience : Nominal ( 1.0 ) .
The x86 processors , which are by far the most popular for the Linux kernel , are relatively stable and kernel developers have a lot of experience with them .
But they are not completely stable ( e.g. , the new 64 - bit extensions for x86 and the NX bit ) , which can also reduce experience slightly .
Authors of ports to other processors also tend to be experienced with those processors .
On the other hand , most of the kernel ’s code is in its hardware drivers , and this hardware often acts as a virtual machine as well as a needed interface .
Many driver developers , while experienced in general , often have less experience with the particular component they ’re writing a driver for .
In particular , many drivers are not written by companies that produce the hardware , and the developers often do n’t have good documentation to help them .
Sometimes this has helpful side - effects .
It can help unify how hardware is handled , since the kernel developers who are writing drivers for several similar peripherals will often develop a way to unify their handling and apparant interface .
It can also have aid reliability in the long term , since the driver writers undrerstand how the kernel works ( Windows drivers tend to be written by hardware companies who understand their product but have less knowledge about Windows , and since their code is often not peer reviewed by Windows developers , many Windows drivers can cause the entire operating system to crash ) .
But this initial lack of information by Linux kernel developers about the components does increase the effort to develop a driver .
What ’s worse , hardware components are notorious for not operating as their specifications proclaim , and the kernel ’s job is to hide all that .
Thus , this is averaged as nominal , and this is probably being generous .
stable ( e.g. , the new 64 - bit extensions for x86 and the NX bit ) , which can also reduce experience slightly .
Authors of ports to other processors also tend to be experienced with those processors .
On the other hand , most of the kernel ’s code is in its hardware drivers , and this hardware often acts as a virtual machine as well as a needed interface .
Many driver developers , while experienced in general , often have less experience with the particular component they ’re writing a driver for .
In particular , many drivers are written by companies that produce the hardware , and the developers often do n’t have good documentation to help them .
Sometimes this has helpful side - effects .
It can help unify how hardware is handled , since the kernel developers who are writing drivers for several similar peripherals will often develop a way to unify their handling and apparant interface .
It can also have aid reliability in the long term , since the driver writers undrerstand how the kernel works ( Windows drivers tend to be written by hardware companies who understand their product but have less knowledge about Windows , and since their code is often not peer reviewed by Windows developers , many Windows drivers can cause the entire operating system to crash ) .
But this initial lack of information by Linux kernel developers about the components does increase the effort to develop a driver .
What ’s worse , hardware components are notorious for not operating as their specifications proclaim , and the kernel ’s job is to hide all that .
Thus , this is averaged as nominal , and this is probably being generous .
LEXP : Programming language experience : High ( 0.95 ) .
MODP : Modern programming practices : High - in general use ( 0.91 ) .
This program is written in C , which lacks structures such as exception handling , so there is extensive use of “ goto ” ( etc. ) to implement error handling .
However , the use of such constructs tends to be highly stylized and structured , so credit is given for using modern practices .
Some might claim that this is giving too much credit , but changing this would only make the estimated effort even larger .
TOOL : Use of software tools : Nominal ( 1.0 ) .
SCED : Required development schedule : Nominal ( 1.0 ) .
There is little schedule pressure per se , so the “ most natural ” speed is followed .
So now we can compute a new estimate for how much effort it would take to re-develop the Linux kernel 2.6 :
MM-nominal - semidetached = 3*( KSLOC ) ^1.12 = = 3 * ( 4287.449 ) ^1.12 = 35,090 MM Effort - adjustment = 1.15 * 1.0 * 1.65 * 1.11 * 1.0 * 1.15 * 1.0 * 0.86 * 1.0 * 0.86 * 1.0 * 0.95 * 0.91 * 1.0 * 1.0 = 1.54869 MM- adjusted = 35,090 * 1.54869 = 54,343.6 Man-Months = 4,528.6
Man -years of effort to ( re ) develop
If average salary = $ 56,286 / year , and overhead = 2.40 , then : Development cost = 56286*2.4*4528.6 = $ 611,757,037
In short , it would actually cost about $ 612 million ( US ) to re-develop the Linux kernel .
Why is this estimate so much larger than Molnar ’s original estimate ?
The answer is that SLOCCount presumes that it ’s dealing with an “ average ” piece of software ( i.e. , a typical application ) unless it ’s given parameters that tell it otherwise .
This is usually a reasonable default ; almost nothing is as hard to develop as an operating system kernel .
But operating system kernels are so much harder to develop that , if you include that difficulty into the calculation , the effort estimations go way up .
This difficulty shows up in the nominal equation - semidetached is fundamentally harder , and thus has a larger exponent in its estimation equation than the default for basic COCOMO .
This difficulty also shows up in factors such as “ complexity ” ; the task the kernel does is fundamentally hard .
The strong capabilities of analysts and developers , use of modern practices , and programming language experience all help , but they can only partly compensate ; it ’s still very hard to develop a modern operating system kernel .
This difference is smoothed over in my paper More than a Gigabuck because that paper includes a large number of applications .
Some of the applications would cost less than was estimated , while others would cost more ; in general you ’d expect that by computing the costs over many programs the differences would be averaged out .
Providing that sort of information for every program would have been too time - consuming for the limited time I had available to write that paper , and I often did n’t have that much information anyway .
If I do such a study again , I might treat the kernel specially , since the kernel ’s size and complexity makes it reasonable to treat specially .
SLOCCount actually has options that allow you to provide the parameters for more accurate estimates , if you have the information they need and you ’re willing to take the time to provide them .
Since the nominal factor is 3 , the adjustment for this situation is 1.54869 , and the exponent for semidetached projects is 1.12 , just providing SLOCCount with the option “ -- effort 4.646 1.12 ” would have created a more accurate estimate .
But as you can see , it takes much more work to use this more detailed estimation model , which is why many people do n’t do it .
For many situations , a rough estimate is really all you need ; Molnar certainly did n’t need a more exact estimate to make his point .
And being able to give a rough estimate when given little information is quite useful .
In the end , Ingo Molnar ’s response is still exactly correct .
Offering $ 50 K for something that would cost millions to redevelop , and is actively used and supported , is absurd .
It ’s interesting to note that there are already several kernels with BSD licenses : the * BSDs ( particularly FreeBSD , OpenBSD , and NetBSD ) .
These are fine operating systems for many purposes , indeed , my website once ran on OpenBSD .
But clearly , if there is a monetary offer to buy Linux code , the Linux kernel developers must be doing something right .
Certainly , from a market share perspective , Linux - based systems are far more popular than systems based on the * BSD kernels .
If you just want a kernel licensed under a BSD - style license , you know where to find them . *
It ’s worth noting that these approaches only estimate development cost , not value .
All proprietary developers invest in development with the presumption that the value of the resulting product ( as captured from license fees , support fees , etc. ) will exceed the development cost -- if not , they ’re out of business .
Thus , since the Linux kernel is being actively sustained , it ’s only reasonable to presume that its value far exceeds this development estimate .
In fact , the kernel ’s value probably well exceeds this estimate of simply redevelopment cost .
It ’s also worth noting that the Linux kernel has grown substantially .
That ’s not surprising , given the explosion in the number of peripherals and situations that it supports .
In Estimating Linux ’s size , I used a Linux distribution released in March 2000 , and found that the Linux kernel had 1,526,722 physical source lines of code .
In More than a Gigabuck , the Linux distribution had been released on April 2001 , and its kernel ( version 2.4.2 ) was 2,437,470 physical source lines of code ( SLOC ) .
At that point , this Linux distribution would have cost more than $ 1 Billion ( a Gigabuck ) to redevelop .
The much newer and larger Linux kernel considered here , with far more drivers and capabilities than the one in that paper , now has 4,287,449 physical source lines of code , and is starting to approach a Gigabuck of effort all by itself .
If the kernel reaches 6,648,956 lines of code ( ($ 1E9 / $ 56286/2.4*12/3/1.54869 ) ^ ( 1/1.12 ) ) given the other assumptions it ’ll represent a billion dollars of effort all by itself .
And that ’s just the kernel , which is only part of a working system .
There are other components that were n’t included More than a Gigabuck ( such as OpenOffice.org ) that are now common in Linux distributions , which are also large and represent massive investments of effort .
More than a Gigabuck noted the massive rise in size and scale of OSS / FS systems , and that distributions were rapidly growing in invested effort ; this brief analysis is evidence that the trend continues .
In short , the amount of effort that today ’s OSS / FS programs represent is rather amazing .
Carl Sagan ’s phrase “ billions and billions , ” which he applied to astronomical objects , easily applies to the effort ( measured in U.S. dollars ) now invested in OSS / FS programs .
I ’d like to thank Ingo Molnar for doing the original analysis ( using SLOCCount ) that triggered this paper .
Indeed , I ’m always delighted to see people doing analysis instead of just guesswork .
Thanks for doing the analysis !
This paper is not in any way an attack on Molnar ’s work ; Molnar computed a quick estimate , and this paper simply uses more data to refine his effort estimation further .
Also , I ’d like to tip my hat to Charles Babcock ’s October 19 , 2007 article “ Linux Will Be Worth $ 1 Billion In First 100 Days of 2009 ” .
He noticed that , by my calculations , if the Linux kernel ever reached 6.6 million lines of code , it would be worth more than $ 1 billion in terms of equivalent , commercial development costs .
Using the current size and growth rates of the Linux kernel , he examined the trend lines and found that “ Sometime during the first 100 days of 2009 , Linux will cross the 6.6 million lines of code mark and $ 1 billion in value . ”
In 2010 , researchers re-did the analysis , and found that it had crossed this milestone .
Jesus Garcia - Garcia and Ma Isabel Alonso de Magdaleno found that the then - latest version ( 2.6.30 ) of the Linux kernel would cost an estimated EUR 1,025,553,430 to re-develop ; at the exchange rate of 1.3499 U.S. Dollars per Euro of 2010 - 02 - 25 ( reported by Yahoo finance ) , this becomes about $ 1.4 billion .
The Linux kernel keeps growing ; as of March 7 , 2011 , it would cost approximately $ 3 billion USD to redevelop using this estimation method .
Of course , the real story is n’t the exact numbers , it ’s that instead of disappearing , FLOSS programs like the Linux kernel are thriving .
