The Legacy of Howard Carter Did King Tut 's Discoverer Steal from the Tomb ?
Howard Carter , the British explorer who opened the tomb of Tutankhamun in 1922 , will forever be associated with the greatest trove of artifacts from ancient Egypt .
But was he also a thief ?
With Michael Sangiacomo / Plain Dealer Reporter
PARMA , Ohio -- A 60 - year - old Parma man was arrested early Wednesday after police found him driving around Lakewood with a woman 's corpse in the back seat .
Authorities said the body was that of Elaine Wynn - Pickett , 60 , who lived with the man in Parma and had been missing since before Christmas .
An autopsy Wednesday showed Wynn - Pickett died from stab wounds , said Cuyahoga County coroner 's office spokesman Powell Caesar .
He said further testing is needed to determine how long she had been dead .
When police stopped the man 's ' car , officers asked him what he could tell them about the missing woman , said Parma Detective Marty Compton .
" He said , ' She 's in the back seat , ' " Compton said .
" And there was a body wrapped in a blanket under boxes in the back seat . "
The man was being held in Parma jail on Wednesday .
He had not been charged , but Compton said the case is now being treated as a homicide .
The investigation started after the woman 's niece called police about 9 p.m. Tuesday , Compton said .
She said she had not seen her aunt , who had recently undergone open - heart surgery , since before Christmas , Compton said .
Officers interviewed the woman and learned that her aunt was living with a man on Knollwood Drive .
Investigators learned the man frequented a certain area of Lakewood .
They contacted Lakewood police and asked them to watch for the man .
Lakewood police stopped the man at West 117th Street and Edgewater Drive , Compton said , and Parma officers went to the scene .
Parma police put the vehicle on a flatbed truck and took it to the coroner 's office with the body inside .
Coroner 's officials began the autopsy Wednesday afternoon .
Neighbors in the Parma Woods apartment complex remember the woman as pleasant .
But tenants said she could often be heard arguing with her male friend .
" It seems like they were always yelling at each other , " said Adam Libbey - Tipton , 23 .
By Ann Robertson and Bill Leumer
January 15 , 2010 -- Critics who have planted themselves firmly on the sidelines have been lobbing all kinds of disapproving missives at Venezuela 's President Hugo Chavez ’ call for a new international , urging others who have been carried away by enthusiastic support to join them on the sidelines .
The laundry list of complaints is extensive : Chavez is the head of a bourgeois government ; Chavez only pursues reformism , not genuine revolution ; he made his call in the presence of an audience that included avowed supporters of capitalism ; and so on .
We do not dispute that these criticisms contain a grain of truth .
For example , the Chavez government is currently tied to a capitalist state .
In other words , the economy of Venezuela is still predominantly capitalist and , to a significant degree , defends current property relations .
Also , there are many functionaries in the government more than eager to accept bribes , and capitalists do not hesitate to take advantage of their wealth to press their needs on compliant bureaucrats .
Moreover , Chavez ’s vision of socialism , which has not been spelled out in detail , might indeed contain flaws .
One critique claimed that Chavez called for the building of socialism in collaboration with businesspeople , which was interpreted to mean that capitalists would not be expropriated .
However , if Chavez had small business owners in mind , this interpretation would not be warranted .
Missing the point
Nevertheless , even if all these criticisms are true , they miss the point because they leave out the vital role of the masses in defining the direction in which Venezuela ’s revolution is unfolding , and how their participation can influence the direction of the Fifth Socialist International .
Chavez has indisputably made inroads into capitalist property relations .
His government took control of the oil industry , using much of the profits to provide social services to the poor , including food distribution .
The government encouraged the organisation of community groups that could then appeal to the government for grants to pursue their collective needs .
Businesses , banks and telecommunication companies have been nationalised .
Chavez helped inaugurate the United Socialist Party of Venezuela ( PSUV ) that has attracted between five and seven million members , including roughly two million that have actively participated .
Steps such as these have in fact awakened a yearning among workers and the poor for a better life and have led to a strong show of support among the masses for Chavez , who has enjoyed unusual popularity .
When the former oligarchy tried to overthrow Chavez in 2002 , the coup was stopped by the intervention of almost a million people who surrounded the presidential palace .
They were determined not to let their president be removed from office .
Role of the masses
But the relation between Chavez and the masses is dialectical .
At times , he has drawn them into the political arena in order to raise their consciousness .
But at times they have taken the initiative , pushing Chavez to implement policies that he was not yet prepared to introduce .
So for those who say that the Venezuelan state is capitalist , one cannot dispute the technical truth of this characterisation .
And for those who say that Chavez ’ vision of socialism is fatally flawed , perhaps there is some truth here as well .
However , the failure of these critics is their static , unhistorical framework , their disregard for the masses , and their consequent inability to recognise that Venezuela is in a period of transition .
The masses have become politicised and are now players on the field of history .
Their hopes and aspirations have been raised .
And they have the potential to play a decisive role in the unfolding of events .
While the state is not a dictatorship of the proletariat , since the workers and the poor of Venezuela do not directly control and operate it in the interests of the majority , nevertheless the iron grip of the capitalists on the government has been pried loose .
The oligarchy no longer directs and dominates it .
Instead , the government stands somewhere between one controlled by workers and the poor on the one hand , and one controlled by the oligarchy and the capitalist class on the other .
And there are no guarantees how these ambiguous dynamics will play out .
Off the sidelines
So rather than throwing themselves into the process in order to help build a favourable outcome , the critics remain entrenched on the sidelines , divorced from the masses , issuing calls for a puritanical International that never reach the ears of the masses .
In the final analysis , they can take comfort in the self - fulfilling function of their prophesy : if more and more people sit on the sidelines , then this process will surely be condemned to failure .
Working people around the world who are attracted to the Fifth Socialist International are not demanding guarantees of revolutionary success before they enter the fray , but see glimmers of hope and the possibility of historical transformation , and they are willing to commit themselves to the struggle .
These are the people who make history .
[ Ann Robertson is a lecturer at San Francisco State University and a member the California Faculty Association .
Bill Leumer is a member of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters , Local 853 ( ret. ) .
Both are writers for Workers Action and may be reached at sanfrancisco [ at ] workerscompass [ dot ] org . ]
Editor 's note : LZ Granderson is a senior writer and columnist for ESPN The Magazine and ESPN.com , and has contributed to ESPN's Sports Center , Outside the Lines and First Take .
He is the 2009 Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation ( GLAAD ) award winner for online journalism and the 2008 National Lesbian and Gay Journalists Association ( NLGJA ) winner for column writing .
( CNN ) --
There are 3,626 songs in my music library .
Some are played every day , others just a few times a year .
There are songs that remind me of relationships I 've royally screwed up ( Hoobastank 's " The Reason " ) and a few on my iPhone that were clearly DWIs -- downloaded while intoxicated ( think Huey Lewis and the News , circa 1985 ) .
But despite the wide range of emotions triggered by my 3,626 songs , I typically do n't have a problem listening to any of them at any given time .
Except for four : " Run It , " " Forever , " " With You " and " Kiss Kiss . "
Have n't played them since last winter .
For those of you a little slow on the pop culture uptake , these are all songs by Chris Brown , the R&B singer who back in February assaulted his then - girlfriend , singer Rihanna , was sentenced to 180 days of community service , and now , eight months later , wants us to download his new music .
And forgive him .
" Honestly , I would just like to get past it , " Brown recently told Rolling Stone .
" At the end of the day , I 'm sorry for what I did , whatever it is . "
This week , Brown headlines his first concert since the assault , the next step in revitalizing his image .
As a one - time fan , there 's a part of me that would like to get back to playing his music and get back to the party .
But the last three words of that sentence just wo n't let me do it .
" Whatever it is " does n't sound like the words of a man who has done some serious soul searching .
Rather , " whatever it is " sounds like the words of a man trained by his lawyers or marketing team to offer up a public admission of wrongdoing while avoiding linking his name to unpleasant phrases such as " domestic violence " and " physical assault . "
It 's the same avoidance we saw during his interview with CNN's Larry King .
The reason why I am having a tough time moving on -- and thus playing Brown 's music again -- is because he does n't appear willing to say exactly what we 're supposed to be moving on from .
He 's trying to speak up while remaining silent , which makes me wonder if he 's sorry for what he did , or sorry he got caught .
I 'm not saying Brown is a terrible person .
I 'm not saying he does n't still love Rihanna .
And I 'm certainly am not trying to dictate when someone should be forgiven .
But I am having a hard time hearing his voice over a dance beat right now .
And I am having difficulties singing along to lyrics such as " I wo n't let you fall girl " knowing that 's not all together true .
We 're all human , capable of making some terrible mistakes .
I certainly have done some things I am not proud of and likely will do more things that fall short of being admirable .
But when the nation 's domestic violence 24 - hour hot lines are receiving 14 calls a minute , " whatever it is " just rubs me the wrong way .
Any PR guru will tell you it 's nice to have the public forgive your sins , but it 's even better to have them forget .
Forgetting starts with redirecting the conversation and distancing yourself from the controversy , and it appears that is exactly what Brown is trying to do .
He does n't want to be thought of as a perpetrator .
He does n't want to be linked to criminal behavior .
He just wants to move on .
I do , too .
But reality wo n't let me .
Multiple studies show that nearly 2 million women are victims of domestic violence annually , and with the added tension fueled by a hurting economy , some crisis centers are seeing an increase of cases .
I can remember women in my neighborhood , and even in my own family , trying to cover up bruises they believed they deserved for saying the wrong thing at the wrong time .
" He 's a good man , " is what they would say to each other , as if it was encouragement .
And we all know this is n't just an issue that affects the everyday family .
It was just a year ago this week the mother , brother and 7 - year - old nephew of Jennifer Hudson were killed , allegedly by her sister 's estranged husband .
Prosecutors believe he shot them in a jealous rage because Hudson 's sister was dating someone else .
Also a year ago this month , Soul Train creator Don Cornelius was arrested on charges of domestic violence .
This fall , actor Tom Sizemore was arrested on charges of domestic violence -- again .
It 's an ongoing problem , and yet culturally it does n't feel that way .
Culturally it feels as if we treat it like a private matter , an aspect of the couple 's relationship that should be determined by the two of them .
Culturally , it does n't even feel like it's a crime , with generations being spoon fed images of Ricky Ricardo spanking Lucy or hearing Ralph Kramden threaten to knock Alice to the moon .
When the incident first occurred , some fans assumed Rihanna did something and thus deserved the assault , underscoring the sentiment that it 's less of a crime and more of a fight between lovers .
To his credit , Brown is donating a portion of the proceeds from the fan appreciation tour he is doing next month to a Los Angeles , California , based nonprofit that helps victims of domestic violence .
A nice gesture that , unfortunately , is somewhat undermined by the bravado spewing from his latest single , " I'll Transform Ya , " which brags about him being a great catch .
Talk about disconnects .
I guess this is why there are 3,626 songs in my music library and not 3,622 .
I have n't deleted the four songs by Brown from my music library because there 's a part of me that understands this dialogue is way bigger than the incident that surrounds a 20 - year - old kid .
Hopefully Brown really is a changed person , who , over time , will continue to use his fame to bring public awareness to the dangers of domestic violence .
There 's a part of me that wants to play his music again , rejoin the party , and yeah , move on .
Just not yet .
Right now I still have the images of a battered Rihanna in my head , so you 'll have to forgive me if I do n't feel like dancing to the songs of the person who did it .
" Whatever it is " he did .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .
Viewing Map : Weather permitting , a night launch of the space shuttle is typically visible from much of the East Coast .
The most dramatic view is from inside the yellow circle .
But within the red circle , skywatchers may see very bright , pulsating , fast - moving object that resembles the brightest stars in the sky from 3 to 8 minutes after launch .
For viewers near the edges of the circles , however , the shuttle will hug the horizon , so an unobstructed view is needed .
People in the eastern United States will get a great opportunity , weather permitting , to see the space shuttle Endeavour launched into orbitearly on Sunday morning , Feb .
7 . And it will also likely be the very lastopportunity ever to see a space shuttle blast off at night .
This flight ( STS - 130 ) will be the 32nd to rendezvous and dock withthe International Space Station ( ISS ) .
It is the first of NASA ?s five finalshuttle missions this year before the fleet is retired in the fall .
Out of the 129 previous shuttlelaunches , 29 have occurred in complete darkness .
The very first nightlaunch of a space shuttle ( Challenger ) was STS - 8 , which took place on Aug. 30,1983 .
?
There have also been seven Shuttle launches that occurred duringtwilight , four at dawn and three at dusk . ?
This upcoming mission was originally scheduled to launch on Feb .
4during morning twilight , but when the launch was rescheduled for Feb.
7 , thelaunch time ended up being pushed back into the predawn hours .
To reach the space station , Endeavour must be launched whenEarth 's rotation carries the launch pad into the plane of the station 's orbit .
Formission STS - 130 , that will happen at 4:39:44 a.m. EST on Sunday , Feb. 7 , resulting ( if all goes as planned ) in NASA 's final nighttime launch of a spaceshuttle ( the most recent was last Aug.28 ) .
As has been the case with other launches to the ISS , Sunday ' sliftoff will bring the shuttle 's path nearly parallel to the U.S. East Coast , and the glow of the shuttle 's engines will be visible along much of the EasternSeaboard .
A SPACE.commap shows the area of visibility .
After this mission , there will be just four more flights leftbefore the shuttle program finally comes to a close ( tentatively set forSeptember 2010 ) .
Two of these are scheduled to be launched during earlyafternoon , and one during the midday hours .
Interestingly , however , STS - 134 , which will also be Endeavour ' sfinal planned flight , is currently scheduled for a Jul. 29 launch just a littleover an hour after sunrise .
?
But if weather or technical constraints were todelay that mid-summer launch by about a week , then it too would be launchedprior to sunrise and the first light of dawn , also making it a night launch .
Odds are probably long for that scenario to happen however , so this Sunday willlikely be the last nighttime launch of a space shuttle .
What to expect
The brilliant light emitted by the two solid rocket boosters willbe visible for the first 2 minutes and 4 seconds of the launch out to a radiusof some 520 statute miles from the Kennedy Space Center ?
an area more thanthree times the size of Texas .
Depending on where you are located relative to Cape Canaveral , Endeavourwill become visible anywhere from a few seconds to just over 2 minutes after itleaves Pad 39 - A. ?
For an example of what all this looks like from Florida , see videoof a night launch made by Rob Haas from Titusville , FL , on Dec. 9 , 2006 ( the STS - 116 mission ) .
After the solid rocket boosters are jettisoned , Endeavour will bevisible for most locations by virtue of the light emanating from its three mainengines .
It should appear as a very bright , pulsating , fast - moving star , shining with a yellowish - orange glow .
Based on previous night missions , thebrightness should be at least equal to magnitude - 2 ; rivaling Sirius , thebrightest star in brilliance .
Observers who train binoculars on the shuttleshould be able to see its tiny V - shaped contrail .
Observer James E. Byrd shot videoof the shuttle from Virginia after a November 2000 night launch .
The brightstar Sirius briefly streaks through the scene giving a sense of scale andbrightness to the shuttle 's glow .
Where to look
Southeast U.S. coastline : Anywhere north of Cape Canaveral , viewers should initially concentrate on the south - southwest horizon .
If you are south of the Cape , look low toward the north - northeast .
If you 're west of the Cape , look low toward the east - northeast .
Anywhere north of Cape Canaveral , viewers should initially concentrate on the south - southwest horizon .
If you are south of the Cape , look low toward the north - northeast .
If you 're west of the Cape , look low toward the east - northeast .
Mid-Atlantic region : Look toward the south about 3 to 6 minutes after launch .
Look toward the south about 3 to 6 minutes after launch .
Northeast : Concentrate your gaze low toward the south - southeast about 6 to 8 minutes after launch .
For most viewers , the shuttle will appear to literally skim thehorizon , so be sure there are no buildings or trees to obstruct your view .
Depending upon your distance from the coastline , the shuttle willbe relatively low on the horizon ( 5 to 15 degrees ; your fist on an outstretchedarm covers about 10 degrees of sky ) .
If you 're positioned near the edge of aviewing circle , the shuttle will barely come above the horizon and could be obscuredby low clouds or haze .
If the weather is clear , the shuttle should be easy to see .
Itwill appear to move very fast ; much faster than an orbiting satellite due toits near orbital velocity at low altitudes ( 30 - 60 mi ) .
It basically travelsacross 90 degrees of azimuth in less than a minute .
Shuttle in motion
Endeavour will seem to " flicker , " then abruptly wink - outabout 8 minutes and 24 seconds after launch as the main engines shutdown and the huge , orange , external tank ( ET ) is jettisoned over the Atlantic at a pointabout 800 statute miles northeast of Cape Canaveral and some 430 statute milessoutheast of New York City .
At that moment , Endeavour will have risen to an altitude of about340,000 feet ( 64.4 statute miles ) , while moving at roughly 17,500 mph ( mach24.6 ) and should be visible for a radius of about 770 statute miles from thepoint of Main Engine Cut Off ( MECO ) .
Following MECO and ET separation , faint bursts of light caused byreaction control system ( RCS ) burns might be glimpsed along the now - invisibleshuttle trajectory ; they are fired to build up the separation distance of theorbiter from the ET and to correct Endeavour 's flight attitude and direction .
And of course , before hoping to see the shuttle streak across yourlocal sky , make sure it has left the launch pad !
Assuming a good load for Endeavour 's fuel cell system , the shuttleshould be able to make a number of launch attempts over a 15 - day time span , extending to Feb.
22 .
However , NASA is trying to launch Endeavour ahead of an unmanned Atlas 5 rocket carrying the agency ?s new Solar Dynamics Observatory , asun - watching probe slated to blast off on Feb. 9 from the nearby Cape CanaveralAir Force Station .
Should the launch be scrubbed , the liftoff time will shift 22 to26 minutes earlier per day .
If , for example , the launch is scrubbed on Feb. 7 , liftoff on Feb. 8 is scheduled for 4:14:02 a.m. ET ; on Feb. 9 it is 3:51:30 a.m.
ET .
Should weather or technical issues delay the launch until Feb. 22 , liftoff would then be scheduled for 9:48:13 p.m. ET .
Getting views during the mission
During this 13 - day mission , both the shuttle and the InternationalSpace Station willbe visible during the predawn hours across North America and Europe .
Observers across the northern U.S. and Canada will have visibilitythrough all 13 days , but those living farther south will have views only duringthe first few days and possibly the final day or two of the mission .
Unfortunately , across the southern US , no visible passes are predicted to occur .?
During the mornings of Feb. 7 , 8 , 18 and 19 it may be possible tosee Endeavour and the ISS as two separate entities , appearing as bright moving " stars . "
At all other times during the mission , you 'll see only onesingular bright moving star , as that will be when the two space vehicles aredocked together .
So what is the viewing schedule for your particular hometown ?
You can easily find out by visiting one of these four popular Websites : Chris Peat 's Heavens Above , Science@NASA 's J- Pass , NASA 's SkyWatch and Spaceweather.com .
Each will ask for your zip code or city , and respond with alist of suggested spotting times .
Predictions computed a few days ahead of timeare usually accurate within a few minutes .
However , they can change due to theslow decay of the space station 's orbit and periodic reboosts to higheraltitudes .
Check frequently for updates .
Anothergreat site is this one , which provides real - timesatellite tracking and shows you at any given moment during the day or nightover what part of the Earth the ISS or shuttle happens to be .
Images - Space Shuttle 's Midnight Launch
Just5 Missions Left for NASA 's Space Shuttles
Video- Dramatic Night Launch of a Space Shuttle
Joe Rao serves as an instructor and guest lecturer at NewYork 's Hayden Planetarium .
He writes about astronomy for The New York Times andother publications , and he is also an on -camera meteorologist for News 12 Westchester , New York .
I did the first of these for Andrew Raycroft two years ago and wondered whether I might do it again if only because if I started doing a couple of players it might take forever to sort through all of the dross in this city .
I can't believe I have n't done one for Vesa Toskala but you cna bet that I will soon enough .
Turns out it took until a couple of bums spoke out of turn for me to write another .
Without further ado ...
Leaf fans were rocked by the revelation that Jamal Mayers ' agent had been authorised by Brian Burke to find a way out of town for his client .
Sound sarcastic ?
Yeah , well , Ron Wilson was equally understanding .
It 's not like this is how things had to go for Mayers in Toronto .
He was a local boy having gone to high school in Mississauga , coming off of a strong performance for Canada 's silver medal winning team at the Worlds after having been on the team that won gold the year before , and he was going to bring some much needed veteran leadership to a team that was in the process of shedding vets as quickly as humanly possible .
I 'm not actually surprised that Mayers has asked to be traded .
The rumours were there at the last deadline and Greg Brady has mentioned before that Mayers ' has repeatedly asked to be moved .
The fact that he 's gone public is a bit of a shock to me and certainly to Brian Burke :
His request was made professionally and quietly some time ago .
I have no idea why or how it leaked .
More about how his trade was received at PPP Amalgamated Heavy Industries and Kitty Sitting HQ and just how bad Jamal Mayers has been this year after the jump .
Yes , the trade for a draft pick was a curious move by Cliff Fletcher since the Leafs were ostensibly trying to get as many lottery tickets as possible .
The pick came via the Chad Kilger trade with Florida so maybe the Silver Fox felt some guilt and decided that the Leafs ' penance was to pick up Chad Kilger : the ineffective version .
That pick , for future cutting purposes , turned into James Livingston , a player that projects to be similar to Mayers .
Obviously , like so much on this site , the reactions that Chemmy and I had were split when the trade was made :
Back to seriousness , Jamal Mayers played the third most penalty killing minutes for the Blues ' 7th ranked PK last year .
His +/- for 60 minutes of PK time was - 5.69 .
To put the into perspective , for the Leafs he would have played the most penalty killing minutes by over half a minute a game and been the fourth best penalty killer by a small fraction .
While age is a factor , his skill on the PK not only addresses one of the team 's biggest needs but it also brings in a veteran presence that can help mould an effective PK unit as he did in St. Louis .
- PPP
I think it 's a disease to try to look on the bright side of moves that the Leafs make .
* sounds of airplanes crashing * - Chemmy
Turns out that the great Jamal Mayers experiment was a failure .
Not only has he been terrible on the penalty kill but he also takes a tonne of undisciplined penalties .
How many ?
There is one interesting coincidence to the fact that both Mayers and Exelby are likely on their way out of town .
Leaving aside whatever other flaws they have in their games , both are physical players – one might even say truculent players – but more than that , both are undisciplined players .
Among Leafs forwards , no player takes as many penalties ( relative to ice - time ) as Mayers – who astoundingly takes nearly five times as many penalties as he draws .
Jonathan Willis , Hockey or Die
That works out to 18 power plays that Jamal Mayers has gifted to the opposition .
Based on the Leafs ' spectacular penalty killing rate of 69.4 % ( giggle ) that means that his inability to move his feet has cost the Leafs 6 goals .
That does n't even take into account the fact that he is the team 's worst penalty killing forward or that he gets overrun at even strength .
In fact , his - 7 would be significantly worse if he did n't benefit from the best EV save percentage ( .927 ) on the team .
Do n't forget that veteran leadership was supposed to be a last - ditch contribution of his to the team 's development .
Well , not only has this team been woefully short of leadership but , rather than working on improving his game , now he is looking for a way out .
Despite all of that , his agent Pat Brisson - God bless his lying soul - still believes that Jamal is a worthwhile asset :
" The teams we ’re talking to are teams that have a chance to compete in the playoffs .
Jamal ’s a character player who brings speed , because he can definitely skate , and who can follow a system and bring some grit .
He ’s got character .
Teams are curious to know where they ’re going to be [ in the standings ] here in the next few weeks , but there ’s some interest for Jammer at that level . "
- James Mirtle
I 'll have to respectfully disagree but the story of professional sports is that once you are in the club you will be given every opportunity to succeed .
So , despite the fact that Jamal Mayers has been nothing but terrible for the Toronto Maple Leafs I 'll wish him luck in his next endeavour .
Just kidding .
I hope he , like every player that shames the crest on the front of their jersey with lacksadaisical work , a lack of effort to improve their play , and attempts to play the victim , falls flat on his face .
As Leaf fans we do n't have much left but dammit we have hate .
SAN FRANCISCO , California , USA -- Wednesday , January 27 , 2010 --
As Steve Jobs and Apple prepared to announce their new tablet device , activists opposed to Digital Restrictions Management ( DRM ) from the group Defective by Design were on hand to draw the media 's attention to the increasing restrictions that Apple is placing on general purpose computers .
The group set up " Apple Restriction Zones " along the approaches to the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco , informing journalists of the rights they would have to give up to Apple before proceeding inside .
DRM is used by Apple to restrict users ' freedom in a variety of ways , including blocking installation of software that comes from anywhere except the official Application Store , and regulating every use of movies downloaded from iTunes .
Apple furthermore claims that circumventing these restrictions is a criminal offense , even for purposes that are permitted by copyright law .
Organizing the protest , Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) operations manager John Sullivan said , " Our Defective by Design campaign has a successful history of targeting Apple over its DRM policies .
We organized actions and protests targeting iTunes music DRM outside Apple stores , and under the pressure Steve Jobs dropped DRM on music .
We 're here today to send the same message about the other restrictions
Apple is imposing on software , ebooks , and movies .
If Jobs and Apple are actually committed to creativity , freedom , and individuality , they should prove it by eliminating the restrictions that make creativity and freedom illegal . "
The group is asking citizens to sign a petition calling on Steve Jobs to remove DRM from Apple devices .
The petition can be found at http://www.defectivebydesign.org/ipad
" Attention needs to be paid to the computing infrastructure our society is becoming dependent upon .
This past year , we have seen how human rights and democracy protesters can have the technology they use turned against them by the corporations who supply the products and services they rely on .
Your computer should be yours to control .
By imposing such restrictions on users , Steve Jobs is building a legacy that endangers our freedom for his profits , " said FSF executive director Peter Brown .
Other critics of DRM have asserted that Apple is not responsible , and it is the publishers insisting on the restrictions .
However , on the iPhone and its new tablet , Apple does not provide publishers any way to opt out of the restrictions -- even free software and free culture authors who want to give legal permission for users to share their works .
" This is a huge step backward in the history of computing , " said FSF 's Holmes Wilson , " If the first personal computers required permission from the manufacturer for each new program or new feature , the history of computing would be as dismally totalitarian as the milieu in Apple 's famous superbowl ad . "
About the Free Software Foundation
The Free Software Foundation , founded in 1985 , is dedicated to promoting computer users ' right to use , study , copy , modify , and redistribute computer programs .
The FSF promotes the development and use of free ( as in freedom ) software -- particularly the GNU operating system and its GNU / Linux variants -- and free documentation for free software .
The FSF also helps to spread awareness of the ethical and political issues of freedom in the use of software , and its Web sites , located at fsf.org and gnu.org , are an important source of information about GNU / Linux .
Donations to support the FSF 's work can be made at http://donate.fsf.org.
Its headquarters are in Boston , MA , USA .
Media Contacts
John Sullivan
Free Software Foundation
+1 ( 617 ) 542 5942
campaigns@fsf.org
Translations
LA PAZ , Bolivia  President Evo Morales ’s leftist government , which has asserted greater control over some of South America ’s most coveted natural gas reserves , is facing a challenge as neighboring countries move to achieve energy security by cutting their dependence on Bolivian gas supplies .
New gas projects in Brazil and Argentina have come on line at a time when Mr. Morales is winning plaudits for a strong economy .
It grew 3.7 percent last year , enabling him to consolidate control over energy resources , including natural gas , South America ’s second - largest such reserve after Venezuela ’s , and huge lithium deposits .
But even as Mr. Morales has emerged as one of the region ’s strongest leaders , bolstered by a landslide re-election victory in December , concern is surfacing here over Bolivia ’s long - term financial underpinnings as its neighbors start importing gas from distant sources like Qatar , and not so distant ones , like Trinidad and Tobago .
The reorganization of South America ’s energy relationships is being closely followed by countries trying to limit their reliance on energy - rich nations that are in political flux or that use their resources as a political lever , as Russia ’s state energy company has bullied former Soviet republics and Europe .
Bolivia : Morales wins landslide re-election
By Bill Van Auken
8 December 2009
Bolivian President Evo Morales won re-election by a landslide Monday , receiving at least 62 percent of the vote compared to 23 percent for his nearest rival .
The results of the balloting gave Morales a second five - year term , while his Movement Towards Socialism party , or MAS , gained a two - thirds majority in the upper house of the Bolivian congress and a substantial majority in the lower house .
However , the results exposed the continuing division of the country between the impoverished , predominantly indigenous highlands and the lowland regions , the center of the country ’s business elite and its agricultural and energy wealth .
The scale of Morales ’s election victory was roughly on a par with other recent votes , including the overwhelming defeat of a “ re- call ” referendum aimed at ousting him in August of last year and a constitutional referendum last January in which he secured the right to seek a second term .
Morales was first elected president in 2005 , when he won just over 53 percent of the vote .
He had come to political prominence as the leader of Bolivia ’s cocalero movement , which defended the interests of small coca growers against efforts of the Bolivian and US governments to eradicate the crop .
Coca production became an increasingly important economic activity under conditions in which jobs in the country ’s mining sector were decimated and the economic viability of other crops declined .
Morales ’s first language is Aymara , and he describes himself as the country ’s first indigenous head of state .
The margin of victory in Sunday ’s election is an expression in part of the popularity of the various social assistance programs that the Morales government has managed to implement with increased revenues from the country ’s energy resources following the “ nationalization ” of Bolivian hydrocarbons in 2006 .
Announced with great fanfare , this action involved no expropriations of foreign energy producers , consisting essentially of an increase in taxation on their profits .
The principal social assistance programs implemented by the Morales government consist of cash subsidies paid to pregnant women , children and the elderly .
While these programs are popular and have reduced Bolivia ’s poverty rate , it remains among the highest in the world , with 60 percent of the population classified as poor and nearly half of that number in extreme poverty .
The aid programs have not altered the basic class relations that shape Bolivian society .
They have had little impact on employment , with the majority of the population still subsisting outside of the so - called formal economy .
While promoting political and cultural autonomy for Bolivia ’s indigenous people , the government has done little to ameliorate the conditions for the masses of peasants through land reform .
Land distribution in Bolivia remains among the most unequal in the world , with 91 percent of the arable land in the hands of barely 5 percent of the population .
Following the election , Morales ’s vice president , Alvaro Garcia Linera , promised the Argentine daily Clarín that there would be no land expropriations , insisting that the country ’s constitution guaranties the right of private property and the “ economic , social role that it must play . ”
Despite the use of the word “ socialism ” in the name of the ruling party and the rhetoric of Morales and other officials , Garcia Linera has insisted that the government ’s real program is that of “ Andean - Amazonian capitalism , ” by which he means the use of the state to promote capitalist development .
The Morales government has presided over one of the highest growth rates in Bolivia ’s history — and currently the highest in the entire hemisphere — thanks largely to the sharp rise in energy and mineral prices .
In 2008 , the economy grew at a rate of 6.2 percent .
With a decline in both prices and exports , this rate has fallen to a projected 3 percent growth rate for 2009 .
The president and his party , the MAS , benefited from the disarray of their right - wing rivals , who proved unable to mount a unified ticket .
The right ’s leading candidate , with 23 percent of the vote , was Manfred Reyes Villa , a former army captain and governor of Cochabamba , who was tried for corruption .
Trailing him was cement magnate Samuel Doria Medina , with about 8 percent .
The character of the right - wing opposition was spelled out in Reyes Villa ’s choice for a running mate .
Vice - presidential candidate Leopoldo Fernández conducted his election campaign from behind bars .
The former head of the department of Pando , he was arrested on charges of having ordered the massacre of at least 13 peasants and students in the town of El Porvenir in September of last year .
The massacre came in the wake of the “ civic coup ” launched by the business elites in the so - called Media Luna ( Half Moon — named for their geographical shape ) departments of Santa Cruz , Beni , Pando and Tarija , which possess the lion ’s share of the country ’s natural gas reserves as well as most of the largest and most profitable agricultural estates .
In support of the demand for secession from Bolivia , the action included the sacking of government offices and other acts of violence that left scores dead and wounded .
Morales and the MAS conducted their election campaign with the aim of placating some of these wealthier layers and , in particular , winning over better - off sections of the petty bourgeoisie .
While making gains in the region , Morales trailed in three of the provinces , managing to secure a slightly greater vote than the rightist opposition only in Tarija , where 49 percent cast ballots for the incumbent , as opposed to 40 percent for Reyes Villa and 8 percent for Doria Medina .
After the announcement of the election results , Vice President Garcia Linera told the media , “ I hope that the opposition groups abandon the savage opposition of the last four years , which has been based on the rejection of any government initiative , of dialogue and of offers of consensus . ”
Their debacle at the polls will not render the Bolivian right and the business elites any more amendable to the government ’s program .
On the contrary , they will seek other means of opposing the Morales government , which include the threat of turning to the traditional instrument for ousting Bolivian heads of state — military coup .
This opposition continues to enjoy the support of Washington .
Following the events of September 2008 , Morales ordered the expulsion of the US ambassador because of the embassy ’s links to the “ civic coup . ”
The Bush administration retaliated by expelling Bolivia ’s ambassador from Washington .
There has been no restoration of normal diplomatic relations under Obama .
On the contrary , the new Democratic administration reimposed the principal punitive measure taken under Bush , canceling import duty waivers that are worth $ 25 million annually to the Bolivian economy .
The pretext for this action was that the Morales government had failed to sufficiently combat coca cultivation — this despite the fact that the increase in coca production in Bolivia is a fraction of the increase in Colombia , which remains Washington ’s closest ally in the region .
It is estimated that trade sanction will cost some 20,000 Bolivian workers their jobs , mostly in textile and leather goods production .
Scott Ritter , the former chief U.N. weapons inspector in Iraq who harshly criticized the Bush administration 's case for war , has been arrested in an online sex sting for allegedly masturbating on webcam while talking dirty to a Pennsylvania police officer posing as a 15 - year - old girl .
In 2001 , Ritter faced similar charges after an online sting by New York police that he blamed on his criticism of the war .
Charges were later dropped .
Ritter , 44 , declined to comment to reporters gathered outside his home in Delmar , N.Y. , near Albany , the Associated Press reports , noting a welcome mat that reads " U.S. Marine Corps , The Ritters . "
Ritter and his wife , Marina , have " twin daughters who are about 16 , " the AP writes , citing published interviews .
He is charged with unlawful sexual conduct with a minor and is free on $ 25,000 bail .
A court hearing is set for Feb. 23 .
The Pocono Record offers a link to the police affidavit but warns in red that it contains " Extremely Graphic Content . "
( Posted by Michael Winter )
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Red Bull Racing is to skip the first of the official pre-season Formula 1 tests next month , AUTOSPORT can reveal .
The Milton Keynes - based outfit is set to become the only established outfit that will not have its new car ready for the first test that takes place in Valencia from February 1 - 3 .
It has decided to wait until the second test at Jerez the following week to run its new Renault - engined RB6 for the first time - which will leave it with just 12 test days before the opening race of the season in Bahrain on March 14 .
Red Bull Racing 's move , which it says is designed to give it more time in the wind tunnel , marks a repeat of what the team did in 2009 - when it also missed the first test .
Team principal Christian Horner told AUTOSPORT : " As in 2009 , we have elected not to run at the first test with the new car , so we will join at the second test . "
Horner claimed that the move would give chief technical officer Adrian Newey an extra nine days of design and production time for the car that it hopes will help it win the world title in 2010 .
" It 's to optimise the time in the wind tunnel as much as possible , " said Horner .
" Obviously the car is much more of an evolution of the 2009 car rather than the clean sheet of regulations that we had for last season .
" But even so , with the refuelling change , we 've opted to give our designers as much time as possible . "
Horner said it was ' unlikely ' that the team would take its 2009 car , the RB5 , to the first Valencia test .
A top union leader unleashed some tough - talking rhetoric in an interview with ABC News Tuesday .
Perhaps a bit more tough - talking than what one usually hears from a labor representative normally friendly to Democrats .
David Chalian — co-host of ABC News ’ “ Top Line ” — reports that , President Obama ally Andy Stern , the president of SEIU , the 2.2 million strong Service Employees International Union “ charged that the reason Senate Democrats find themselves in their current predicament on health care is because some senators ( read : Ben Nelson , Joe Lieberman ) ‘ acted like terrorists . ’”
ADVERTISEMENT
I think we saw in the Senate you know , death to change .
And I think the Senate has huge responsibilities here .
They were given a gift , particularly in the fall , by the American people of 60 votes .
The ability to debate every issue and what did they do ?
They squandered it .
And when I call them terrorists , they ’re not — they ’re good Americans — but they acted like terrorists and there ’s a reason why America does n’t negotiate with terrorists .
Although Stern did n’t mention any senator ’s names specifically to ABC News , he has complained in the past about Sen. Ben Nelson ( D - FLA ) , Sen. Mary Landrieu ( D - LA ) and Sen. Joe Lieberman ( I - CT ) .
“ Ben Nelson , Mary Landrieu , everybody held up their vote for the purpose of gaining personal leverage , ” Stern told blogger Susie Madrak in December .
Stern added , “ All you hear is about the Democrats fighting with each other .
They ’re negotiating with Joe Lieberman and Ben Nelson and the Blue Dogs , and here are the Republicans with no intention of solving any problems , and Democrats ca n’t even set up that contrast because how can you blame the Republicans if the Democrats cant act together ? ”
It was revealed earlier today that Obama ’s chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel , told a liberal strategy group in August that a plan to run advertisements against conservative Democrats who were “ balking at Mr. Obama ’s health - care overhaul ” was grossly unwise .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ F—ing retarded , ” Mr. Emanuel scolded the group , according to participants cited by the Wall Street Journal .
He warned them not to alienate lawmakers whose votes would be needed on health care and other top legislative items , ” the reporter said .
Claiming senators “ acted like terrorists ” most probably will not be warmly received by the White House .
Today Verizon released their Supplement to the 2009 Data Breach Investigations Report .
As with previous reports , it is extremely well written , densely loaded with data , and an absolute must read .
The bulk of the report gives significantly more information on the breakdown of attacks , by both how often attacks occurred , and how many records were lost as a result of each attack .
While the above is fascinating , where things got most interesting was in the appendix , which was all about comparing the Verizon data set from 2004 through 2008 to the DataLossDB archives from 2000 - 2009 .
One of the big outstanding questions from past Verizon reports was how biased is the Verizon dataset , and thus how well does it reflect the world at large ?
While there was some overlap with the DataLossDB , their dataset is significantly larger ( 2,300 + events ) .
Verizon discovered a fairly high level of correlation between the two data sets .
( Page 25 , Table 4 ) .
This is huge , because it allows us to start extrapolating about the world at large and what attacks might look like to other organizations .
The great thing about having so much data is that we can now start to prioritize how we implement controls and processes .
Case in point : Table 5 on page 26 .
We once again see that the vast vast majority ( over 70 % ! ) of incidents are from outsiders .
This tells us that ’s where protection should be focused first .
If you go back to the body of the supplement and start looking at the details , you can start to re-evaluate your current program and re-prioritize appropriately .
Just as the rumors of a pricey Apple tablet computer have reached a high - water mark , Freescale Semiconductor on Monday showcased reference designs of an affordable , lightweight tablet computer , which is set to hit the market later this year .
Freescale , which supplies the guts for this new breed of computers called smartbooks ( about one third the size and volume of a typical netbook ) , is putting its weight behind this category with a concept of what could become everybody 's tablet .
The Freescale tablet reference design ( pictured above ) has specifications close to what we have been hearing about the mythical Apple tablet : a 7 - inch touch screen , 3 - megapixel camera and various sensors such as a three - axis accelerometer and an ambient light sensor .
Next to the 512MB of RAM , up to 64GB of internal storage ( microSD expansion ) and a 1GHz processor , Freescale 's smartbook tablet features a potentially killer spec : a $ 200 price tag .
Next to an Android or Linux operating system , it also includes Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity and options for a 3G modem .
The smartbook reference design is intended to run everyday - use applications such as a Web browser ( with Adobe Flash support ) , an e-mail client , an RSS reader , social networking tools , and an office suite , among others .
So far , no one has had a chance to have a deeper look at Freescale 's holy grail smartbook , but the chipmaker is planning to demonstrate the design at the 2010 Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) later on this week .
If manufacturers pick up on Freescale 's concept , such smartbooks should show up in a store near you perhaps later on this summer , with a price point below the $ 200 ceiling , the chipmaker says .
However , no potential vendors for this tablet design have been named .
Here are the full specs of the Freescale smartbook :
Size : 200 mm by 128 mm by 14.9 cm and weighing 376 grams ; no need for fan or heat sink
Processor : Freescale i.MX515 applications processor provides high performance and low power
ARM Cortex - A8 1GHz
OpenVG & OpenGL / ES graphics cores
HD video decoder hardware
Memory : 512 MB DDR2
Display : 7 - inch ( 1024 by 600 ) touch screen
Storage : 4-64 GB internal storage ; removable micro SD
Connectivity : 3G modem ( option ) 802.11 b/g/n , Bluetooth 2.1 , GPS , RF4CE ( option )
Ports : USB 2.0 and USB mini ( also for charging ) , audio in / audio out , SIM card
Audio : speaker , microphone
Camera : 3 Megapixel ( video recording up to VGA @ 30 fps )
Battery : 1900 mAh , USB charging
Sensors : the MMA8450Q three - axis accelerometer and an ambient light sensor
Power management IC
And while we are in tablet land , January should see another tablet design unveiled , as Apple is reportedly preparing to introduce its tablet on January 26 .
For more up - to - the - minute blogs , stories , photos , and video from the nation 's largest consumer electronics show , check out PC World 's complete coverage of CES 2010 .
Follow Daniel on Twitter @danielionescu
Now , however , concerned that Mickey has become more of a corporate symbol than a beloved character for recent generations of young people , Disney is taking the risky step of re-imagining him for the future .
The first glimpse of this will be the introduction next year of a new video game , Epic Mickey , in which the formerly squeaky - clean character can be cantankerous and cunning , as well as heroic , as he traverses a forbidding wasteland .
— The Times .
Illustration by Michael Kupperman
MEMO : To all Epic Mickey personnel
FROM : Disney Board of Directors
SUBJECT : New Mickey
Guys — we love the rethink , but we just have a few tweaks :
— When Mickey leers at Minnie in the waterfront bar , let ’s have him squeak , “ You know what they say , baby .
Big ears . . . ”
— In the “ Brokeback Mickey ” flashback , when Mickey makes tender love to Donald Duck , let ’s have Mickey murmur , “ Leave the little sailor hat on . ”
— When Mickey is shown starving to death after the nuclear disaster , and he eats Porky Pig , we feel that Porky should still be alive when his feet are removed .
— When Mickey faces off with Bambi , let ’s have him remark , “ Only you can prevent forest fires .
But I guess it ’s a little late for that . ”
— It ’s fine to show Mickey getting hammered and then trying to drive the little train through the Magic Kingdom , but what if he plows right into a tiny clown car that gets stuck on the tracks ?
We hear the clowns screaming , confetti shoots into the night sky , and then we cut to a horrified paramedic , asking , “ Good Lord , how many of them were in there ? ”
— Once Mickey is in the maximum - security prison , how about if he gets a crude tattoo of Jesus wearing the white gloves ?
— In the scene where Mickey tries therapy , we love it when Mickey tells his rhino shrink , “ I grew up behind the walls of a one - room hellhole in the ghetto .
It was infested with filth and vermin , including my cousins . ”
But we question the moment when Mickey breaks down sobbing and howls , “ It ’s true !
They used my mother to test hair coloring ! ”
— We love the bit when Mickey and Minnie take their seventy - eight children on a family outing , swarming over the subway tracks .
But let ’s have the kids crack up laughing as they watch their drunken dad try to proposition an empty wallet .
— We like seeing Mickey teaching the snootier characters some gritty life lessons .
What if he drags Jiminy Cricket into an alley and pees on him ?
— Let ’s have Minnie appear on “ The Real Housewives of Disney , ” along with Cinderella , Snow White , and the Little Mermaid .
Then Minnie could sneer , “ Do any of you bitches not have a gay husband ? ”
— When Mickey finally hits rock bottom and runs into the church , seeking redemption , let ’s have all the female parishioners instantly jump up onto the pews , pointing and shrieking , “ Kill it !
Kill it ! ” ♦
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A female hippo , Nikica , is on the loose in a village in southern Montenegro after escaping from a flooded zoo .
The two - tonne animal , considered one of the world 's most dangerous , reportedly swam over the wall of her pen during heavy flooding in the Balkan country .
The owners of the private zoo say they have to wait for flood waters to recede before trying to capture her .
Nikica has been wallowing in the water in Plavnica village , where she is a popular tourist attraction .
Nikola Pejovic , one of the owners of the zoo , says her movements are being tracked by the zoo 's private security and that she is " extremely tame and peaceful " .
He told AFP news agency that she would probably stick to a path about 1 km ( 0.6 miles ) long , leading towards neighbouring houses in the village , near the capital Podgorica on Lake Skadar .
The hippopotamus , which is native to Africa , is one of the heaviest land animals .
It is a plant eater that can weigh up to three tonnes .
Fiercely territorial , it can run faster than a human over short distances , and has powerful teeth and jaws .
I think --- from what I hear --- there ’s so much more than you can even imagine .
I ’ve never been to an Olympics , so it ’s going to be really exciting just to see the crowds .
I ’m looking forward to seeing the other teammates and the other sports that represent the USA and all the other countries .
During the Olympics , you ’re part of a team , but you ’re really representing so much more than that .
It ’s hard to say .
I do n’t think it will be because when the puck drops we ’re still playing .
They ’re going to play hard and that ’s what you expect .
It ’s going to be fun to play against them , they might get a little smile or something , but that ’s it .
It ’s been a fun year .
Well , I broke my foot so I was out of lot .
So coming back to the team and getting back into the action was pretty fun .
But , this year as a Shark ?
It ’s more of the day - to - day stuff and getting to be on such a good team .
Everybody is so excited to come to the rink everyday and play .
But my favorite thing is probably playing home games in front of our crowd .
They ’re great .
It ’s always a lot of fun when you come back from the road and you get back in your home rink .
It ’s pretty fun .
I think Torrey Mitchell and Seto .
We sit together in the corner of the locker room and I think I ’ve always been closer to them .
( Laughs ) I do n’t know .
There were a lot of good gifts at the Christmas Party .
I think a breakaway situation .
A penalty shot is hard because you feel like you should score all the time , but it does n’t happen that way .
Shootout situations are a little different because they clean the ice so I think that and I feel confident in that aspect .
But in a breakaway situation --- depending on where you ’re coming from --- the goalie is reacting differently and sometimes you ’re off balance , but really you have somewhat control of it .
But the goalie can be off balance a little more .
So I prefer a breakaway in a game .
A lot of the time you make better moves on the breakaway because it ’s spur of the moment and you do n’t have time to think about it .
You do n’t have to think about what you should do .
I like going to Minneapolis and St. Paul .
It ’s fun going back there and I have some family in town .
I also like going to Vancouver .
It ’s a good town to go walk around in .
And Chicago is a great city too .
Yea .
I love it .
I got out dove hunting and I got to go duck hunting a few times .
It ’s great .
Anytime I can get out or get a few days off , I try to get out and it clears the mind .
It ’s pretty fun to get out there and do something you love .
I guess it might have been one of the best ones because it did n’t have any words .
All I had to do was eat and maybe say a line with a mouthful .
They did a good job setting it up and it was fun .
All the guys ’ commercials were pretty funny .
But acting ?
I do n’t think I could do acting .
I think there ’s a lot more to it .
If I could , I would go on LOST .
Golf .
I love to play golf .
I grew up playing golf and played in high school .
And this is a great area for golf .
There are so many great golf courses .
JERUSALEM 
An Israeli who lived openly with at least 17 women and fathered dozens of children was ordered into court on Thursday on suspicion of enslavement , sexual abuse and possible rape .
The police said that the suspect , Goel Ratzon , was either 59 or 60 , and was taken into custody Tuesday after a seven - month investigation .
A news blackout on the case was lifted Thursday .
Mr. Ratzon , considered the “ savior of the universe ” by his followers , has aroused the curiosity of the public , the police and the social services for years , and was the subject of a television documentary last year .
But so far he has not been charged with any crimes .
He was legally married to one or two women , according to the police , though he considered all the women his wives .
WereBox
A puzzle game in which you have to remove red shapes from the screen by transforming boxes and balls .
Transform your way through all twenty levels !
Tom Morello is donating some of the single 's proceeds to a UK charity Rage Against The Machine 's Tom Morello has said that beating the X Factor single to Christmas number one will be a " wonderful dose of anarchy " .
A Facebook group which aims to get the band 's 1992 hit Killing In The Name to the top of the festive chart has attracted more than 750,000 members .
Current figures show the song has sold 175,000 copies , compared to 110,000 for McElderry 's single , The Climb .
Morello told BBC 6
Music the support for his song was " heart warming " .
' Unexpected windfall ' Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He told the station 's breakfast show that the " rebel anthem song will transcend the Christmas holidays " .
He added : " The one thing about the X Factor show , much like our own American Idol , is if you 're a viewer of the show you get to vote for one contestant or the other , but you do n't really get to vote against the show itself until now . "
He added : " It 's this machinery that puts forward a particular type of music which represents a particular kind of listener .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" There are a lot of people who do n't feel represented by it and this Christmas in the UK they 're having their say . "
The guitarist said the single 's position as a Christmas number one contender was an " unexpected windfall " and he plans to donate some of the proceeds to a charity which helps children progress their musical careers in the UK .
" My hope is that one of the results of this whole Christmas season is there 'll be a new generation of rockers who will take on the establishment with the music they write . "
Meanwhile , in an interview with music magazine NME , Simon Cowell - who is behind the X Factor single - said that the ITV1 show had " done everyone a favour " by adding some life to the festive charts .
Shows like Britain 's Got Talent and The X Factor have actually got people more interested in music again , and are sending more people into record stores .
Simon Cowell
" I think we were getting to a point where [ the Christmas chart ] was all becoming like The Millennium Prayer , and I just did n't like that song . "
" I think we all have this belief that the Christmas number one was just amazing , a real special occasion , but actually when you look at them over recent years , it was Bob the Builder one year , Mr Blobby there 's a tradition of quite horrible songs .
" I think I 've done everyone a favour .
" Shows like Britain 's Got Talent and The X Factor have actually got people more interested in music again , and are sending more people into record stores .
We have n't seen this kind of uplift in years . "
McElderry 's single has been available to download since Monday , but physical copies go on sale on Wednesday .
Record industry trade magazine Music
Week said the release of the CD single was likely to give the X Factor winner " a massive boost " .
" While the singles market is now overwhelmingly made up of download sales , X Factor Christmas singles traditionally sell strongly on CD , " it added .
In recent years , winners of The X Factor have eased their way to the top of the Christmas chart .
Last year 's winner , Alexandra Burke , scored the biggest - selling single of 2008 with her cover version of Leonard Cohen 's Hallelujah .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Best NES Tip EVER !
Pic .
This could have got me out of a few tough spots back in the day .
Here are some similar posts to check out None Found
________________________________________________________________________
Please remember to Subscribe , and Bookmark this so others can see it .
You can email / bookmark this post via this button - or these
Leider konnte keine Europcar Station am eingegebenen
Ort gefunden werden .
Leider konnten für Ihre Suche keine Übereinstimmungen gefunden werden .
An dieser Station sind leider keine Transporter oder LKW verfügbar
Die Selection Flotte ist an dieser Station nicht verfügbar .
Bitte nutzen Sie an dieser Station den Reiter PKW .
suchen
Sie bitte nach PKW .
Leider können wir Ihnen in diesem Land keine Station anbieten .
Abonnieren Sie den Newsletter , um die aktuellsten Angebote und Informationen zu erhalten !
Filter Flughafen
Bahnhof
Stadt
Hafen
Choose your rental location
Traveling to and around Truckee
Fly into Truckee , CA ( TKF - Truckee Tahoe ) , the closest airport , located 2.2 mi ( 3.6 km ) from the city center .
If you can't find a flight that 's convenient for your trip , you could also fly into Reno , NV ( RNO - Reno - Tahoe Intl. ) , which is 25.1 mi ( 40.4 km ) away .
If you prefer train travel , the main station is Truckee Station .
Turn out the lights .
The collapse of Venezuela is well underway .
It will not be long before the country completely stops functioning , assuming you think Venezuela is functioning now .
Please consider Chavez Devalued Bolivar 50 Percent .
Venezuela devalued its currency by half yesterday , the first such action since March 2005 , as President Hugo Chavez seeks to pull the economy from recession amid falling oil revenue .
Chavez said the bolivar will be devalued to 4.3 per dollar from 2.15 per dollar for most imports .
A second , subsidized peg of 2.60 bolivars per dollar will be used for importing food , medicine and machinery intended to boost the economy ’s competitiveness .
The government , which restricted foreign currency trading in January 2003 following a two - month general strike intended to oust Chavez from power , last devalued the currency by about 11 percent in March 2005 .
The bolivar was also devalued in 2004 .
Chavez Threatens to Seize Businesses
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said that businesses have no reason to raise prices following the devaluation of the bolivar and that the government will seize any entity that boosts its prices .
Chavez said he ’ll create an anti-speculation committee to monitor prices after private businesses said that prices would double and consumers rushed to buy household appliances and televisions .
The government is the only authority able to dictate price increases , he said .
The government also will “ attack ” the so - called parallel exchange rate , which Chavez called “ illegal . ”
The bolivar traded at 6.25 per dollar on Jan. 8 , traders said .
“ They put the value of the dollar at more than 6 in an arbitrary and illegal manner , ” Chavez said .
“ We have to organize to reduce and attack that speculative , illegal dollar that hurts the Venezuelan economy so much . ”
Official Rate vs. Black Market Rate
Massive Shortages Coming
Venezuela Risks Devastating Power Collapse
Venezuela is at risk of a devastating power collapse as drought pushes water levels precariously low in the country 's biggest hydroelectric dam , posing a serious political threat for President Hugo Chavez .
Chavez on Friday said his government is determined to keep Guri Dam from falling to a critical level where the turbines start to fail in the next several months .
He has also imposed rationing measures that include penalty fees for energy overuse , shorter workdays for many public employees and reduced hours for shopping malls .
The entire South American country of 28 million people depends to a large degree on the massive Guri Dam , which holds back the Caroni River in southeastern Bolivar state .
It supplies 73 percent of the country 's electricity by feeding the massive Guri hydroelectric plant — the world 's third - largest in power output — along with two other smaller plants .
Chavez said that the dam's water level is now about 33 feet ( 10 meters ) below where it was last year , and if it falls 82 feet ( 25 meters ) more before the dry season ends , " we would be at a standstill . "
Experts say the amount of water reaching the turbines could eventually decrease to such an extent that they would no longer feed the power grid .
" We 'd be in a situation where we'd have to halt the country , the entire economy , " said Victor Poleo , an oil economics professor at Venezuela 's Central University and a former official in Chavez 's Energy Ministry .
Without power from Guri , he said , the country 's existing gas - and oil - fired power plants would be able to cover only about 20 percent of the demand — producing widespread and sustained outages .
Collapsing Venezuela
If Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez President Obama deliberately intended to sabotage his nation 's economy , he would be hard - pressed to do anything different from what he is now doing to his country .
It has been widely reported that Mr. Chavez President Obama has been increasingly taking control of the oil , telecommunications and energy housing , banking , auto , and insurance sectors , as well as the media .
What has not been reported is the full extent of the corruption in Venezuela the United States and how this ultimately will destroy the economy .
The financial scandal taking place is far bigger than Enron , and may ultimately even exceed the U.N. " oil - for - food " scandal , the biggest financial disgrace of all time .
Since 2004 , the Venezuelan Central Bank Fed has transferred about $ 22.5 billion untold $ billions to accounts abroad by the Chavez government held by foreign governments , and about $ 12 billion all of that remains unaccounted for .
It has also been reported that the gold reserves have been removed from the Central Bank .
While the rest of the world has been moving away from socialism for the last quarter - century for good reason , Venezuela the United States is becoming socialist .
We know governmental use of central banks to basically print money to cover expenditures results in rising inflation and eventually monetary meltdown .
And , finally , we know that when a state becomes totally corrupt an economic collapse always follows .
Mr. Chavez President Obama and his cronies had already been spending far more than they were taking in and you can bet the blood from the innocent Venezuelan people United States citizens will be drained long before those on the take from Mr. Chavez President Obama agree to have their looting stopped .
The Georgia Aquarium , located in Atlanta , Georgia at Pemberton Place , is billed as the " world 's largest aquarium " with more than 8.1 million US gallons ( 31,000 m³ ) of marine and fresh water housing more than 100,000 animals of 500 different species .
The aquarium 's notable specimens include four young whale sharks , three beluga whales and two manta rays .
Funded mostly by a $ 250 million donation from Home Depot co-founder Bernie Marcus , the aquarium was built on a 20 acre ( 81,000 m² ) site north of Centennial Olympic Park in downtown Atlanta .
Marcus credited his 60th birthday dinner at the Monterey Bay Aquarium in 1990 as among the inspirations behind his desire to build an aquarium in Atlanta .
Collection
The Georgia Aquarium contains between 100,000 and 120,000 fish and other sea creatures , representing more than five hundred species .
On June 14 , 2005 , the total number of specimens was unveiled after having previously being reported as " over 55,000 " .
Marcus was quoted in the Atlanta Journal - Constitution as saying : " I have been saying that we would have more than 55,000 fish ; I just never said how many more . "
The fish were transported from Taiwan to the aquarium by UPS in 42 tanks aboard an MD - 11 .
UPS donated the cost of the shipping , estimated at over $ 200,000 US currency .
The aquarium 's most famous specimens were four young whale sharks from Taiwan named Ralph , Norton , Alice and Trixie , after the primary characters from The Honeymooners .
Ralph died from peritonitis on January 11 , 2007 , and Norton followed on June 13 , 2007 when the aquarium made the decision to euthanize him after he had shown signs of erratic swimming and had stopped eating .
Ralph and Norton were with the Georgia Aquarium at its opening ; Alice and Trixie joined the aquarium June 3 , 2006 .
The Georgia Aquarium is the only institution outside of Asia to house whale sharks .
The sharks are kept in a 6.3 million gallon ( 24,000 m³ ) tank , and the aquarium was actually designed around the whale shark exhibit .
The importation of the whale sharks from Taiwan , which was overseen by Jeff Swanagan and staff biologists , was " top secret " and had never been attempted previously .
The move required the use of large aircraft , trucks and boats to ship the massive aquatic animals to Atlanta .
The four whale sharks were taken from Taiwan 's annual fishing kill quota , which the country has since abolished .
Under the quota , the whale sharks would have been killed and eaten if they had not been purchased by the Georgia Aquarium .
On May 25 , 2007 , Taiwan 's Fisheries Agency announced the Aquarium had been approved to receive two more whale sharks before Taiwan bans the animals ' capture in 2008 .
On June 1 , 2007 the two new whale sharks arrived at the aquarium .
The two sharks , caught earlier in 2007 , are named Taroko , commemorating Taroko Gorge National Park , and Yushan after Taiwan 's Jade Mountain .
The aquarium is currently one of only two aquariums in the United States to exhibit Great Hammerhead sharks ; the other is the Adventure Aquarium .
The aquarium was also home to five 11 foot ( 3 m ) long beluga whales .
Two males named Nico and Gasper were rescued from a Mexico City amusement park where they lived under a roller coaster .
Because of insufficient weight , skin lesions , and a bone disease , on January 2 , 2007 , Gasper was euthanized .
Marina died on December 1 , 2007 of what may have been natural causes ( she was 30 years old ) .
Nico died unexpectedly on October 31 , 2009 after being relocated to SeaWorld San Antonio temporarily during an aquarium construction project .
The remaining females ( Natasha and Maris ) are on breeding loan from the New York Aquarium .
The aquarium is among six other US aquariums , including Chicago 's Shedd Aquarium , with belugas in their collections .
Continuing its drive to display marine animals rarely seen in the United States , the aquarium acquired a manta ray from an aquarium facility in Durban , South Africa .
Named " Nandi , " the manta was caught by accident in nets meant to protect the coast from sharks .
Officials at the Durban facility determined that the manta had outgrown its home , and offered the manta to the much - larger Georgia Aquarium .
Nandi first went on display in the Ocean Voyager exhibit on August 25 , 2008 as the first manta ray on display in the country , and making the aquarium one of only four in the world to display one .
A second manta ray was added to the collection in September 2009 .
Facilities
The Georgia Aquarium , the world ’s largest at the time of its opening in November 2005 , encompasses 550,000 square feet ( 5.1 ha ; 13 acres ) of covered space and includes 328 tons of acrylic windows , 290 plumbing fixtures , 200 floor drains , 53 roof tops , 61 miles ( 98 km ) of wires and pipes and 100,000 yards ( 91,000 m ) of concrete in the structure .
It holds 8,000,000 US gallons ( 30,000 m3 ) of fresh and salt water ( conditioned with 1,500,000 pounds ( 680 t ) of " Instant Ocean " sea salt mix ) and houses more than 100,000 fish and animals .
The blue metal and glass exterior of the aquarium was designed to resemble a giant ark breaking through a wave .
The ship ’s hull appears to emerge from two large buildings that feature curved , flowing roofs that were designed to represent ocean swells .
The record for largest aquarium in the world is highly contested ; however , Dubai's three story Dubai Mall aquarium claims it will be the world 's largest when it opens in the new Burj Dubai project .
With an accelerated 27 - month schedule , the project timeline for the construction of the aquarium was aggressive .
To facilitate the phased construction activities that were essential to meeting the project schedule , two - ply asphalt BUR was installed over a lightweight concrete deck .
This temporary roof allowed for expedited construction and the associated roof traffic .
The final stage included installation of the light gray FiberTite roofing system , which was selected to match the gray wall panels .
Construction of the aquarium was contracted by Brasfield & Gorrie , a general contractor headquartered in Birmingham , Alabama .
In addition to the massive habitats that are the core of the aquarium , the facility includes the 16,400 square feet ( 1,520 m2 ) Oceans Ballroom – a banquet hall that can host events for up to 1100 seated or 1600 at a reception .
The hall features two 10 by 28 feet ( 3.0 m × 8.5 m ) windows into the exhibits housing the whale sharks and beluga whales .
It can also be subdivided into three smaller spaces for events .
Chef Wolfgang
Puck 's company will manage catering services for this facility .
The aquarium also includes a fairly large food court with tables extending into the main lobby .
The costs of building the aquarium escalated beyond Marcus ' original US $ 250 million donation .
To complete the facility without scaling back plans , six local companies — AirTran Airways , AT&T , Georgia - Pacific , The Home Depot , Southern Company , and SunTrust Banks — signed on as presenting sponsors for exhibits .
In May of 2008 , the Georgia Aquarium announced plans to build a $ 110 million expansion to the facility for a new dolphin exhibit .
The expansion will occupy an area of 84,000 square feet ( 7,800 m2 ) and will contain 1,300,000 US gallons ( 4,900 m3 ) of water .
Located on the west side of the facility , the exhibit will feature space for live presentations , observation windows and opportunities for visitors to interact with the animals , which are being lent by Marineland on a breeding loan .
This expansion will be self funded by the aquarium , possibly with the help of a corporate sponsor .
Construction began later in 2008 , and the scheduled completion date is November 2010 , five years after the aquarium first opened .
During part of the construction , the aquarium 's three beluga whales were temporarily relocated to SeaWorld San Antonio .
Beluga whales are very sensitive to sound , and while officials had not noted any excessive amounts of stress , it was decided to remove them anyway and eliminate the possibility .
Unexpectedly , one of the three belugas , Nico , died at SeaWorld on October 31 , 2009 ; a preliminary necropsy was unable to determine if Nico 's death was caused by the move or by something else .
Source
Share : You Might Also Like : loading ...
Timothy Geithner to testify in front of the House Oversight Committee about his role in the AIG bailout
It appears that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner has more than just tax evasion problems .
He could be a much bigger criminal than just a tax cheat .
While he was in charge of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , the bank was told to withhold details from the public about AIG ’s payments of bailout funds to the banks .
Timothy Geithner claims that he had no knowledge of what was going on right under his nose , and that he was not responsible for the coverup that AIG and Goldman Sachs , along with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , seemed to have been engaged in .
I am not going to sit here and pretend that I understand what all of this means , but it appears as if billions of AIG ’s bailout money was diverted to Goldman Sachs , and I do know one thing– this is something that has to be investigated .
We are talking about billions and billions of taxpayers dollars and the American people need to know who is responsible for this scandal .
And we are going to get the investigation that we deserve .
Timothy Geithner is going to be called to testify in front of the House Oversight Committee about his role– or non-role– in the bailout of AIG .
The malware used to hack Google is so sophisticated that researchers brought in by the company to investigate believe the attack code was designed and launched with support from Chinese authorities .
According to Carlos Carrillo , a principal consultant for Mandiant , a Washington D.C. - based security incident response and forensics firm , the attack against Google last month was " definitely one of the most sophisticated attacks I 've seen in the last few years . "
Mandiant was called in by Google to look into the attack , and Carrillo was the project manager for the Google investigation .
During an interview Friday , he frequently chose his words carefully , saying that there was much he could n't discuss because the work was ongoing .
" The malware was unique , " Carrillo said .
" It had unique characteristics ... it was ... let 's just say it was unique . "
Other researchers who have examined the malware have also come away impressed .
Thursday , Dmitri Alperovitch , vice president of threat research at McAfee , called the attack code " very sophisticated " and added , " We 've never seen anything this good in the commercial space .
In [ attacks on ] government , yes , but not commercial . "
But what does that kind of expertise mean ?
Carrillo is convinced that , given the sophistication of the code , it was produced with support from Chinese authorities .
" This was n't on the level of Metasploit , " Carrillo said , referring to the open - source penetration testing framework whose exploits are often used by hackers to craft malware .
" This was n't something that a 16 - year - old came up in his spare time . "
When asked if the code quality pointed toward Chinese state support , Carrillo answered , " I would say so . "
He declined to elaborate .
Mandiant was called in to investigate the attack on Google " early in the process , " said Carrillo , who refused to get more specific .
McAfee 's Alperovitch said that time stamps in the malware 's command - and - control log files indicated the attacks began in mid-December and ended Jan. 4 , when the hackers ' servers were shut down .
In the announcement Tuesday that its corporate network had been hacked and intellectual property stolen , Google said the attacks had been discovered in mid-December .
Google also said the attacker tried to access the Gmail accounts of Chinese human rights activists , a move that -- along with increasing censorship of the Web by China 's government -- has prompted it to reevaluate its business in the country .
Carrillo also provided additional information to the still - sketchy framework of the attack , saying that the exploit of a vulnerability in Microsoft 's Internet Explorer was not the only vector used by the hackers .
That seemed to back up Microsoft 's assertion that the IE bug was n't the sole cause of the break - ins .
And while the number of companies hit by the Chinese attacks have been reported as low as 20 to as high as 34 , Carrillo said Mandiant 's work indicated an even larger number may have been hit .
" Most of the time , companies find out [ about such attacks ] when they 're contacted by third parties , like other companies or law enforcement , " Carrillo said .
" Until then , they 're not aware they 've been attacked .
They do n't have a clue . "
But that 's not a surprise in attacks like the ones that hit Google .
" These [ attackers ] are very good at what they do , " Carrillo said .
" Without getting into details , their techniques allow them to masquerade as legitimate users , so traditional means of , for example , intrusion detection or antivirus security are for the most part ineffective . "
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer , send e-mail to gkeizer@ix.netcom.com or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
The Federal Health Department and the Gut Foundation of Australia are in disagreement over the results of the latest tests for bowel cancer , which kills more than 70 people every year .
Last year the Health Department admitted that a technical change in the testing kits had seen a large number of people wrongly told they were free of cancer .
Now the results from the new kits are in and they show 4,444 people may now face a cancer diagnosis .
But while the health authorities say this number is to be expected , bowel specialists say it is abnormally high .
In 2008 , five years after the home kits were introduced , the manufacturers changed the testing kit because some samples were over - heating in the mail , leading to inaccurate results .
Chief Medical Officer for the Federal Government , Professor Jim Bishop , says the number of patients returning positive results was starting to drift down .
" And so we did some investigations on the tests and we found that the buffer in the kit was not producing the same results as [ the buffer ] used before , " Professor Bishop said .
The Health Department re-issued 108,000 testing kits and 7 per cent of those tested returned positive results .
This contrasts to about 2.7 per cent positive rates over the past three or four years .
Professor Bishop says people testing positive should not panic , but should have a colonoscopy immediately .
" We 're testing for blood in the bowel motions , and the great majority of people with abnormal blood in the bowel motions wo n't have bowel cancer , but it is most important to follow up , " he said .
" Those few who do have an adenoma [ benign tumour ] or a polyp [ abnormal tissue growth ] can be detected early . "
Test questioned
The non-profit Gut Foundation , which raises awareness of digestive diseases , says a normal rate for positive test results would be 5 per cent .
Foundation head Professor Terry Bolin says that 7 per cent would be the top of a normal range .
" Which suggests to me , either there 's a lot of cancer out there or the test is a little bit too sensitive , " he said .
" There were too many false negatives 15 months ago and now there are a large number of positives .
" It does raise the concern that there might be too many positives and this test is perhaps a little bit too sensitive .
" But that 's not a bad thing .
It means that people are going to have a colonoscopy and we 'll be able to find out whether they have a problem or not . "
Professor Bolin says he supports the home screening program but it could be better .
" Offer the test to everyone , not just those aged 50 , 55 and 65 - everybody in the community over the age of 40 is potentially at risk .
" And they need to discuss that risk and decide how they 're going to manage it . "
Both he and Professor Bishop agree the thousands of people who returned a positive test in their last screening should book in for a colonoscopy immediately .
That 's a shame .
Just because of her dad 's smalls , she 's missing out on an impressive series .
An incisive blend of black comedy and edgy drama , Breaking Bad is an award - winning hit in the US , where two seasons have aired and a third will premiere in March .
Among other prizes , its trophy cabinet houses four Emmy Awards , including two successive gongs for Cranston as best lead actor .
" The mantel 's not empty any more , " says Cranston , who had never won an Emmy , despite three nominations for playing the dad on sitcom Malcolm in the Middle .
In Breaking Bad , Cranston is Walter White , a talented scientist who has , in the words of his obnoxious brother - in - law , " a brain the size of Wisconsin " .
Unfortunately , Walter is sinking into a debilitating , depressing numbness thanks to the myriad pressures of suburban life .
He used to be a research chemist with exciting prospects ; now he teaches science to sarcastic high schoolers , struggling to provide a meagre existence for a wife ( Anna Gunn ) and a teenage son with cerebral palsy ( RJ Mitte ) .
Each day , the Bunsen burner in Walt 's soul burns a little dimmer .
Then , two wonderful things happen .
( Warning : spoilers follow . )
One , he is told he has a terminal illness .
Two , his cop brother - in - law takes him along for a drug bust .
The idea hits him like an explosion : he should cook up drugs to provide for his family after his death .
So he hooks up with drop - kick former student Jesse ( Aaron Paul ) , customises a mobile meth lab and goes to work .
The ensuing metamorphosis would have impressed Ovid as Walt transforms from inert family man to volatile drug dealer .
Rejuvenated by his death sentence , he becomes lusty , bold and unpredictable .
" Walt was comfortably numb , " Cranston says .
" There was a lack of emotion .
Nothing affected him , until this explosion of emotion was created by this death sentence .
The irony is , he 's more alive than at any time in the past 20 years . "
Energised by the bad news , he confronts a young jock who teases his son , he cuts his boss ( at his second job ) down to size and he surprises his wife .
" Walt , is that you ? " she asks , as he takes her roughly .
Cranston was just as lusty when he accepted the part .
" I did n't have any hesitancy in taking on this role , " he says .
" To me , Breaking Bad is not about a drug dealer , it 's about a man , about the decisions a human being makes and how that has a rippling effect on everyone around him .
For a very , very smart man scholastically , he makes this very stupid decision and now for the rest of his life , however long that lasts , he has to pay for it .
It 's a tangled web he 's woven . "
Morally , as the protagonist cooks up hard drugs to make money to secure his family 's future , the show raises intriguing questions .
Like Dexter or Nurse Jackie ,
Walt does bad things for good reasons .
" It struck a chord with me as a man , a husband and a father , " Cranston says .
" This is how we 're wired , to hunt and provide and have a sense of responsibility .
I felt sympathetic to Walt and his plight .
I tried to answer , ' Why would he do this ? '
And I answered it by saying that he has n't done anything surprising his whole adult life because of missed opportunities .
He 's in a depressed state .
I do n't know any person who wants to leave that as a legacy , that withering away , on top of leaving his family destitute . "
For Cranston , a large part of the appeal was the way creator Vince Gilligan skipped back and forth between drama and comedy .
" That 's done by design , " Cranston says .
" I think any really well - respected and received piece of literary television will have the combination of levity interwoven into the drama .
And also vice versa , pathos interwoven into comedy .
That 's much more satisfying for viewers .
It gives a picture of life as it really is . "
It certainly makes for a change from Malcolm in the Middle , the enduring sitcom that ran for seven seasons from 2000 until 2006 .
There , Cranston played Hal , the embattled father who , like Walt , struggled amid the quotidian vicissitudes of family life .
Unlike Walt , however , Hal did n't cook up A - grade crystal meth while dressed in little more than white Y - fronts .
Surprisingly , Cranston sees profound similarities between Walt and Hal .
" Well , they both wear tightey whitey underwear , " he says .
" Actually , I was shocked when I saw that written in the script for Breaking Bad .
At first I tried to get away from that but then I realised that here , the same underwear told a different story .
It was a manifestation of Walt 's stunted emotional growth .
" And that underwear is just funny — although Walter White can't think that it 's funny .
In his world , nothing 's really funny .
But I think the characters do have some crossover .
They are both good - hearted men who accept their responsibilities as parents and spouses .
They both love and adore their wife and family and yet both are basically unfulfilled in their own way .
Both are somehow depressed .
Given the set of circumstances
Walt has , I think Hal may have done something similar .
Fortunately , he did n't have the depth of education to try something that devious . "
Cranston has fond memories of Malcolm in the Middle , a surprisingly fresh exponent of an often dull genre that ran for 151 episodes .
" I 'm positive Breaking Bad wo n't make it to that number , " he says .
" I think that a television series , like a feature film , should be just as long as it needs to be for the story it wants to tell but not longer .
It 's meant to be temporary , like life itself . "
With season three due to air in the US this year , Cranston hopes season four will get the green light soon .
Malcolm in the Middle ended at the right time , he says , but its conclusion was , nonetheless , sad .
" You have to leave what has become a family , " Cranston says .
" Everybody goes their separate ways and you just hope you bump into them again . "
Cranston stays in touch with cast members , including Erik Per Sullivan , who played Dewey , the youngest sibling .
" I was very happy that he asked me to write a reference for him for the University of Southern California , where he is now a freshman .
Little Dewey 's now in college . "
One project Cranston undertook with the Malcolm in the Middle team was KidSmartz , a DVD that bills itself as a " guide to abduction prevention for parents and children " and is supported by the US National Centre for Missing and Exploited Children .
Another piece of Cranston trivia is that he's an ordained minister .
" When I was going to college back in the '70s , my brother and I befriended a man called Reverend Bob , a hold - over from the hippie era who married people for a living .
Accidentally , one day he booked two weddings at the same time in different locations .
He said , ' Oh gosh , I messed up .
You wanna marry 'em ? '
So he put the certificate in the typewriter and sent it off to the Secretary of State and voila !
I was a minister .
So I did the wedding , made $ 150 , drank champagne and got the phone number of the maid of honour .
It was a good day . "
All of which means that Breaking Bad is a radical departure .
From a background as an ordained minister who promotes child safety , Cranston has become , to quote one headline , " America 's favourite meth dealer " .
Has Breaking Bad sparked any public protest ?
Conservative ire ?
" When we were promoting it , I thought we were going to get hit hard , " Cranston says .
" But we have not received any bad press that I can think of .
The critics have loved it and no family organisations have picketed it . "
So far , it 's all good .
What 's more , on Breaking Bad , as on Malcolm in the Middle , Cranston has had the chance to direct several episodes .
This allowed him to cast his 16 - year - old daughter Taylor in a small role .
" I put her in the first episode of the third season , " Cranston says .
" I was directing the episode , which called for a sad , 16 - year - old girl .
So I offered it to Taylor .
She was nervous and apprehensive , because it was her first professional role but then she jumped at it . "
Funny that : it 's easier for Cranston to get his daughter to co-star than to watch .
Breaking Bad premieres on ABC2 on Friday at 9.30 pm .
By Sarah Bell
BBC News
Two people have been jailed after threatening an undercover policeman at a so - called clip joint in Soho , central London .
Had he been a genuine customer , he would have been another victim of what is a well - established scam .
Clip joints operate in cities across the UK Footage captures a man throwing his wallet onto the floor and offering to pay anything to escape .
He shouts : " What 's the problem ?
I 'll pay whatever it is ... what , £ 300 ?
I 'll pay , I 'll pay ... take my wallet .
I do n't want to be hurt .
Leave me ! "
Unfortunately for those fronting Twilights , this was an undercover policeman armed with a hidden camera and microphone and he had caught them red -handed .
Kingston Crown Court was told that in December last year , a man fled the bar , in Rupert Street , in fear of his safety after being threatened and ordered to pay £ 300 .
Stacey Crossley , 34 , and Agnieszka Wolowska , 28 , have since been found guilty of blackmail and false imprisonment .
Crossley was jailed for three years and his co-defendant was locked up for 14 months and recommended for deportation to her native Poland .
They were arrested by uniformed police officers as they chased the undercover officer outside .
' Adult entertainment '
The scam involves customers , often foreign tourists , being enticed inside hostess bars with false promises of " adult entertainment " , Westminster Council explained .
The bars , known as clip joints , employ women to stand outside or near their premises and bring the customers in for a small charge , in much the same way as other licensed bars and clubs employ staff to hand out leaflets promoting their offers .
Once inside the clip joints , customers are served soft drinks , usually by a pretty young woman .
But when the customer goes to leave , they will usually find themselves faced with a charge of several hundred pounds for having been in the woman 's company .
Camille Gordon , a hostess , was stabbed to death in 2004
If they refuse to pay , the customer may be threatened with violence by bouncers or frog - marched to a cash machine and forced to hand over cash .
The authorities believe it is a greatly under - reported crime as many victims are too embarrassed to admit they have been caught out .
In March 2004 , a 23 - year - old hostess , Camille Gordon , was stabbed to death by a disgruntled customer outside the Blue Bunny club in Archer Street , Soho .
The man , who had spent only 10 minutes in her company , had been charged £ 375 .
He left after a row but returned a few minutes later and stabbed her in the chest .
Her killer , who may have been an American tourist , has never been found despite police releasing CCTV footage of him .
' Constant battle '
Clip joints have operated in cities across the UK , but it is a practice Westminster City Council , which covers Soho , says it has successfully clamped down on in recent times after a long battle against the problem .
Crossley and Wolowska were convicted of blackmail and false imprisonment
It says the case follows the closure of the final two clip joints in the area , including Twilights , which was fronted by the pair .
There were about eight a couple of years ago .
A spokeswoman for the council said closing down clip joints had been a " constant battle " because as soon as one was closed , another opened up .
In 2007 , the problem prompted the council to use Bluetooth technology to automatically send text messages to the mobile phone of anyone within 100 ft of a known clip joint .
The message warned : " £ 5 to get in , £ 500 to get out .
Criminals operate some of the hostess bars in Soho . "
Most people who were ripped off were simply too embarrassed or scared to report the matter to police
Councillor Daniel Astaire
Part of the problem in the past was that clip joints exposed a legal loophole .
They did not need a licence to operate because they did not serve food or alcohol or provide entertainment .
But in September 2007 , the London Local Authorities
Act reclassified clip joints as sex establishments , meaning they required the relevant licences .
Councillor Daniel Astaire , Westminster City Council 's cabinet member for community safety , said : " Today 's hearing marks the end of a long battle to close down all known clip joints in Westminster which lured in men under the false premise of adult entertainment , then charged them exorbitant rates for soft drinks in the company of so - called hostesses .
" Most people who were ripped off were simply too embarrassed or scared to report the matter to police and , as these venues exploited legal loopholes to operate on the fringes of the law , our powers to close them down were extremely limited . "
He said the council had been working with the police to reduce the number of clip joints as part of wider plans to clean up Soho and the recent change in legislation had " helped hammer the final nail in the coffin of this despicable trade " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Washington ( CNN ) --
The federal government is scrambling to find ways to comply with President Obama 's order to put more air marshals on flights after a botched Christmas Day airline terrorist attack , government sources have told CNN .
Hundreds of additional marshals could be " loaned " from the Secret Service and U.S. Customs and Border Protection , a U.S. official briefed on the investigation said .
Another source said marshals could be drawn from Immigration and Customs Enforcement .
Additional federal air marshals are needed for high - priority international flights , with other law enforcement personnel filling in on key domestic flights , another source noted .
There are already believed to be thousands of air marshals , though exact figures have not been made public .
Interactive : Key dates linked to Nigerian terror suspect
" There are discussions within [ Department of Homeland Security ] law enforcement agencies about adding to the capacity of the Federal Air Marshal program , " a homeland security official said .
Internal notices issued Monday and Wednesday by the Department of Homeland Security ask employees to step up to train as air marshals and to serve at U.S. diplomatic posts abroad .
Obama said Tuesday that he had ordered " concrete steps to protect the American people , new screening and security for all flights , domestic and international , more explosive detection teams at airports , more air marshals on flights and deepening cooperation with international partners . "
Some immigration agents have been previously trained to be air marshals in emergencies .
CNN 's Abbie Boudreau , Deborah Fayerick , Jeanne Meserve and Scott Zamost contributed to this report .
Information identified as archived on the Web is for reference , research or recordkeeping purposes .
Archived Decisions , Notices and Orders ( DNOs ) remain in effect except to the extent they are amended or reversed by the Commission , a court , or the government .
The text of archived information has not been altered or updated after the date of archiving .
Changes to DNOs are published as “ dashes ” to the original DNO number .
Web pages that are archived on the Web are not subject to the Government of Canada Web Standards .
As per the Communications Policy of the Government of Canada , you can request alternate formats by contacting us .
available in alternative format upon request , and may also be examined in PDF format or in HTML at the following Internet site :
Call for comments on the proposed addition of Al Jazeera English to the lists of eligible satellite services for distribution on a digital basis , Broadcasting Notice of Consultation CRTC , 7 May 2009
approves the request to add Al Jazeera English to the lists of eligible satellite services for distribution on a digital basis and amends the lists of eligible satellite services accordingly .
The revised lists are available on the Commission ’s website at www.crtc.gc.ca under " Broadcasting Sector " and are available in hard copy on request .
As to AJE ’s potential contribution to a diversity of editorial viewpoints in the Canadian broadcasting system , the Commission notes the substantial support for the addition of the service and the many positive comments received as to the quality of the service .
The Commission further considers that the willingness expressed by the management of AJE to consult with Canadian Jewish organizations in the year following the launch of AJE in Canada concerning its programming is an indication of its commitment to provide balanced coverage and a variety of points of view .
With regard to submissions that AJE ’s reporting is unbalanced , the Commission notes that , in two of the four clips described above , Israeli officials were given the opportunity to present their points of view on AJE .
More generally , the Commission notes that balanced reporting would require a service to offer different points of view over a reasonable period of time , rather than having to present every point of view within one report or one program .
Hence , evidence of six reports ( i.e. , the four clips plus the two reports cited by HRC ) that were aired between October 2007 and May 2009 is insufficient to permit the Commission to conclude that AJE ’s reporting as a whole is unbalanced .
HRC ’s argument that AJE did not comply with Canadian journalistic standards and practices , and that the Commission should therefore implement the same strict provisions for the distribution of AJE as were implemented for AJA , the Commission notes that the conditions imposed with respect to the distribution of AJA were warranted by incidents of abusive comment aired on AJA , as substantiated on the record of the proceeding to consider the distribution of the service in Canada .
Having considered the record of the proceeding , the Commission is satisfied that AJE should be authorized for distribution in Canada .
The Commission notes that , while some parties raised concerns about the possible broadcast of abusive comment on the service , these allegations were not substantiated by evidence such as transcripts or tapes , as mentioned in Broadcasting Notice of Consultation .
Accordingly , there is nothing on the record of the current proceeding to lead the Commission to conclude that there is a serious risk that abusive comment will be broadcast on AJE .
The Commission notes , however , that it has the power to remove AJE or any other non-Canadian service from the digital lists if , after an appropriate process , it is found to have broadcast abusive comment .
In Broadcasting Notice of Consultation , the Commission referred to this more open - entry approach , reiterating that it considers such an approach to be consistent with the objective of ensuring a diversity of editorial points of view in the Canadian broadcasting system .
The Commission stated that parties wishing to submit that AJE should not be authorized for distribution in Canada should provide detailed support for their position .
absent clear evidence , as determined by the Commission , that a non-Canadian news service would violate Canadian regulations , such as those regarding abusive comment , the Commission will be predisposed to authorize non-Canadian news services for distribution in Canada .
ECGL stated that the reporter was misquoted in the second example provided by HRC .
In its comment HRC stated that the report referred to prisoners as " widely respected fighters against the occupation . "
ECGL argued that the report actually said that the men were " widely respected as fighters against the occupation . "
It is ECGL ’s view that the omission of the word as distorted the meaning of the report , since the reporter described the men as respected among the Palestinians , which was essential to understanding why Palestinians were so upset over the men ’s deaths .
ECGL stated that AJE ’s Code of Ethics , which includes journalistic values of honesty , fairness , balance , independence and credibility , was taken very seriously by AJE ’s reporters and management .
ECGL also argued that AJE ’s willingness to meet with members of the Canadian Jewish community demonstrates AJE ’s good faith and the importance it places on communication .
In reply , ECGL argued that the public process provided no evidence that the programming of AJE would violate any Canadian regulations and that , since the Commission has already announced its predisposition to authorize non-Canadian news services , AJE should be added to the digital lists .
ECGL also stated that the wide support received from many Canadians indicates that AJE would bring a valued new perspective to the Canadian broadcasting system .
ECGL also confirmed that AJE had agreed to consult with representatives of the leading Jewish community organizations at least twice in the year following the launch of AJE in Canada .
HRC argued that , on different occasions in the past , AJE ’s reporting has proven to be unfair , inaccurate and unbalanced .
HRC provided two examples of AJE reports that it felt did not comply with Canadian journalistic standards and practices .
The first is an AJE report aired on CBC Newsworld on 6 January 2009 concerning complaints from the International Committee of the Red Cross and the United Nations that some of their workers on the Gaza strip were being wounded and killed .
During the report , the AJE correspondent stated that United Nations workers had " obviously been targeted " by the Israelis .
HRC noted that , after a complaint from HRC , the CBC ’s ombudsman noted that this AJE report " did not meet the standards of accuracy and fairness within the CBC ’s Journalistic Standards and Practices . "
1
The Commission received a large number of comments addressing the request to add AJE to the digital lists .
Over 2600 parties filed comments in support of the request , approximately 40 parties filed comments in opposition , and 7 offered general comments .
It added that such support might consist , for example , of transcripts or tapes of actual programs aired on AJE , along with details as to the date or dates on which they aired .
The Commission issued Broadcasting Notice of Consultation 2009 - 254 , calling for comments on the proposed addition of AJE .
Consistent with the new approach for non-Canadian news services set out in Broadcasting Public Notice , the Commission asked parties submitting that AJE should not be authorized for distribution in Canada as it would violate Canadians regulations to provide detailed support for their position .
In Broadcasting Public Notice 2008 - 100 , the Commission reaffirmed its overall approach to authorizing non-Canadian English - or French - language services .
However , in regard to non-Canadian news services , the Commission determined that a more open - entry approach would be consistent with the importance that it places on a diversity of editorial points of view .
Accordingly , the Commission stated that , " absent clear evidence , as determined by the Commission , that a non-Canadian news service would violate Canadian regulations , such as those regarding abusive comment , the Commission will be predisposed to authorize non-Canadian news services for distribution in Canada . "
The Commission set out its general approach to the addition of English - and French - language non-Canadian services in Public Notice 2000 - 173 .
This approach generally precludes the addition of new non-Canadian satellite services if the Commission determines them to be either totally or partially competitive with Canadian specialty or pay television services .
ECGL described the service as a 24 - hour - a - day , seven - day - a - week English - language international news service .
It is currently available in over 100 countries and via the Internet .
The Commission received a request dated 27 February 2009 from Ethnic Channels Group Limited ( ECGL ) for the addition of Al Jazeera English ( AJE ) , a non-Canadian , English - language satellite service originating in Qatar , to the lists of eligible satellite services for distribution on a digital basis ( the digital lists ) .
AJE is a 24 - hour - a- day , seven - day - a - week English - language international news service currently available in over 100 countries and via the Internet .
The Commission notes the substantial support for the addition of AJE to the digital lists and considers that AJE will expand the diversity of editorial points of view in the Canadian broadcasting system .
Further , despite concerns expressed by certain parties , there is nothing on the record of the current proceeding that leads the Commission to conclude that AJE would violate Canadian regulations , such as those regarding abusive comment .
The Commission approves a request to add Al Jazeera English ( AJE ) to the lists of eligible satellite services for distribution on a digital basis and amends the lists of eligible satellite services accordingly .
The revised lists are available on the Commission ’s website at www.crtc.gc.ca under " Broadcasting Sector . "
Dissenting opinion by Commissioner Marc Patrone
In approving the addition of the Arabic - language news and public affairs service Al Jazeera to the list of eligible satellite services in Broadcasting Public Notice 2004 - 51 , the Commission imposed ‘ monitoring ’ conditions considered onerous enough that broadcasting distribution undertakings have , to this day , declined to distribute the service .
Some who intervened in that proceeding produced numerous examples of hateful language aired on Al Jazeera .
Those references remain part of the record of that proceeding .
Based in part on that evidence , the Commission justified its decision to impose strict conditions on the Arabic - language service in the following paragraph :
In the Commission ’s view , the objective of its abusive comment regulation justifies limiting the right to freedom of expression .
The harms flowing from abusive comment threaten the values of equality and multiculturalism , values enshrined in Canadian broadcasting policy objectives and in sections 15 and 27 of the Charter .
Given the original stark appraisal of Al Jazeera Arabic ( AJA ) in 2004 , one might have expected this most recent application by the same network ’s English - language service would have been subject to the most rigorous examination possible — one which included a reconsideration of the entire network ’s journalism policies .
Regretfully , this has n’t been the case .
While some of the interveners argued that the Commission should consider AJA ’s broadcasting record , my colleagues , consistent with the Commission ’s usual approach , chose not to do so .
The consequence of this decision , in my opinion , is that it did not allow for the kind of comprehensive investigation of Al Jazeera ’s entire record that I believe was warranted .
Normally I would consider an approach of considering foreign services independently of any other regardless of common ownership to be a sound one .
The merits of one service may differ greatly from another owned by the same group or entity .
But in my view , issues fundamental to Canadian values , in this case the potential use of our broadcast system to spread ethnic or religious hatred , are too important to submit strictly to current regulatory convention .
If , as I believe is the case , the approach adopted by my colleagues leaves us vulnerable to " 4 then such an approach fails harms flowing from abusive comment ( which ) threaten the values of equality and multiculturalism , " then such an approach fails the regulator in terms of its capacity to consider broader questions in play .
I believe that ’s the case in this particular decision , hence my decision to offer this dissenting opinion .
Even if one were to consider the English - language service independently , there has been evidence presented of editorial ‘ biases ’ that would not be tolerated for long were they produced by a domestic broadcaster .
One intervener , Honest Reporting Canada , pointed out that Al Jazeera English ’s ( AJE ’s ) reporting was , on different occasions , unbalanced , unfair , and inaccurate .
In one AJE story aired on CBC , an AJE correspondent stated that United Nations ( UN ) workers had ‘ obviously been targeted ’ by Israelis .
A subsequent investigation by the CBC Ombudsman found the story " did not meet the standards of accuracy and fairness within the CBC ’s Journalistic Standards and Practices " — a fairly damning indictment which did little to sway the Commission ’s decision in this case .
Al Jazeera ’s Canadian promoters Ethnic Channels Group Limited ( ECGL ) disagreed with the CBC ’s finding saying the statement in question about UN workers was " verifiable , accurate , fair and reasonable . "
I would ask that if it was ‘ verifiable ’ , than why include the word ‘ obviously ’ in the reporter ’s copy ?
If it was a ‘ fact ’ that UN workers had been ‘ targeted by Israelis ’ then why not simply report it as a ‘ fact ’ ?
I would suggest that the reason it was not reported as a fact was because the reporter was either unable or unwilling to attribute the information to any ‘ verifiable ’ or ‘ official ’ source .
What was ‘ obvious ’ to the reporter was clearly just an interpretation on his / her part , hence the need to bolster the observation that Israel targeted UN workers by using the word ‘ obviously . ’
To whom was this obvious ?
I would suggest the reporter was simply expressing a firmly held opinion .
Under certain circumstances , ( e.g. live hits ) ‘ opinions ’ or ‘ impressions ’ expressed by reporters are fine provided he / she makes clear it ’s an ‘ opinion ’ or ‘ impression ’ and not a fact that should be deemed ‘ obvious ’ to anyone .
Despite this finding by the CBC Ombudsman , the Commission found this was not a compelling enough reason to dismiss the application or even to approve it subject to the distribution conditions set out for AJA in Broadcasting Public Notice 2004 - 51 .
Perhaps it was n’t .
I would argue , however , that in order to get a truer picture of whether the service has chronic issues of editorial bias , a much more thorough monitoring of it is necessary than what has been done up to now .
ECGL stated that AJE ’s exemplary track record was evidence that the service would not convey anti-Semitic content and that the Qatari government would not interfere with the content of the service .
They went on to state that AJE and AJA were distinct services and submitted that it would be inappropriate to consider AJA ’s broadcast record in order to assess the request to add AJE to the list , even if they share a common owner .
That the applicant is urging the regulator to treat AJE ’s ‘ exemplary ’ track record differently from that AJA is , to my way of thinking , an admission that there are underlying ‘ bias ’ issues with the Arabic service .
Why else would they insist that the English - language service not be ‘ tarred with the same brush ’ ?
And is ECGL really in a position to insist the Qatari government will maintain a ‘ hands off policy ’ as it applies to the English - language service ?
In the absence of any enforceable powers to ‘ regulate ’ a foreign service , exactly what tools are at our disposal that might ensure ‘ fair ’ treatment ?
Yes , we can process ‘ complaints ’ after the fact but note the arguments made on this point in paragraph 75 of Broadcasting Public Notice 2004 - 51
The Commission is not persuaded that these mechanisms are either currently available or , that if they are , they would be effective to deal with abusive comment that may be broadcast on Al Jazeera .
First , the Commission notes that the prohibition on abusive comment contained in section 8 ( 1 ) ( b ) of the Regulations applies only to programming that a distribution undertaking originates and , therefore , would not apply to the Al Jazeera service .
Second , membership in the CBSC is not open to non-Canadian broadcasters .
Third , the Commission is doubtful that hate and defamation laws would be effective to deal with Al Jazeera programming distributed in Canada .
Finally , delisting would be disruptive to subscribers and is too blunt an instrument to be relied upon as the primary method to deal with concerns about a potentially small portion of the programming .
I find the whole view of ECGL that a ‘ linguistic firewall ’ exists between the two services unrealistic to say the least .
The sharing of resources , be they ‘ video ’ story ideas , tips , scripts , ‘ live hits ’ or otherwise , between services operated by one ownership group is standard operating practice wherever I ’ve worked and I imagine they are no different at Al Jazeera .
2008 - 100
The antecedent to the decision to approve the AJE application can be found in Broadcasting Public Noticewherein the Commission determined that a more or less ‘ open - entry approach ’ should be applied in authorizing non-Canadian English - or French - language news services .
In recommending AJE for approval , the Commission has reasoned that it is not reasonable to expect non-Canadian services to adhere to Canadian broadcasting codes of conduct governing journalistic practices .
The Commission further reasoned that there was nothing on the record of the proceeding that would lead it to conclude that there was a serious risk that abusive comments will be broadcast on AJE , thereby implying that there may be some risk that AJE will broadcast abusive comments .
It considered that such a risk is worth taking given the possible contributions that the said service might make to the Canadian broadcasting system in the form of increased diversity .
I respectfully disagree that any such ‘ risk ’ is worth taking .
And while it is true that Canada cannot expect other countries to adhere to our standards of journalistic objectivity , I would argue it is incumbent on this country , through its regulator , to do what it can to encourage other jurisdictions to adopt such standards themselves rather than to lower our standards to accommodate foreign services .
What we are in effect saying with this decision is that since it ’s impractical to demand that others adopt our high standards , we will tolerate journalistic bias by others that we would not tolerate from services originating here .
This will only create a journalistic double standard in our news offerings that undermines our capacity to demand storytelling excellence from our domestic services thereby cheapening our overall broadcasting system .
It ’s also a missed opportunity to send a message internationally about levels of journalistic standards and codes that we consider important enough to demand from all news broadcasters who wish to operate in this country .
Adding diversity is necessary , but not at any price .
It is worthy of note that foreign broadcasters are not required to become members of the Canadian Broadcast Standards Council .
Perhaps it would be helpful if they were required to do so .
All this said , I ’ve no doubt that Al Jazeera has many fine and capable journalists who would take great exception to the idea that their standards are not up to the level of Canada ’s regulator .
They no doubt take great pride in the work they do and are perfectly justified in doing so .
I make no argument with their capabilities per se .
I take exception rather to the rationale inherent in our decision — the suggestion that we should accept less in the way of journalistic ‘ ethics ’ in exchange for more diversity .
A further area of concern with the decision taken by my colleagues relates to ownership issues .
More specifically , my concern relates to the fact that the issue of ownership did not form any part of my colleagues ’ deliberations .
However , this concern is by no means restricted to the application forming the basis of this decision .
In weighing the merits of all foreign services , the regulator should be particularly sensitive to ‘ state - owned ’ or ‘ state - financed ’ services originating from nations with radically different attitudes towards freedom of speech and democracy in general .
Let ’s not ignore the fact there are broadcasters financed by heads of state who have very strong views on controversial international issues .
Such broadcast entities may have extreme views and thus be prone to paying lip service to issues of editorial fairness and ethical portrayals of groups by selectively applying them only where they feel they absolutely have to , not as a guiding principle .
Such attitudes should render these services , regardless of language , anathema to Canada ’s broadcast system .
By not including any consideration of ownership as a criterion for entry by foreign services , the ‘ open door ’ policy introduced with Broadcasting Public Notice 2008 - 100
In processing the application of this English - language news service , I would suggest it should have taken place within the framework of a reconsideration of the conditions placed on the Arabic - language one .
Canada ’s regulator could re-examine Al Jazeera ’s record as a ‘ whole ’ network since 2004 .
Any abuses in Arabic should be considered a stain on the record of the English - language service and vice versa .
Again , the issue of ‘ abusive comment ’ is important enough to warrant an exception in the way foreign services are considered for entry here in Canada .
If , on further examination of both the Arabic - and English - language services , the CRTC were to find that only one of the two services met standards related to such matters , then both should be rejected on principle .
Such a decision may have little impact in terms of affecting editorial policies in a foreign service but the message would nonetheless be clear .
If on the other hand , the Arabic - language service were deemed to have ‘ cleaned up its act ’ since the 2004 decision , then perhaps both services could be approved without issue .
With this decision , we ’re saying in effect that the English - language service can be trusted while the Arabic - language one can only be broadcast subject to 24/7 surveillance by the distributor in order to ensure it remains free of abusive comment .
This differentiated treatment of the two services by the Commission could be challenged by some as discriminatory on linguistic grounds .
In summing up , I would impress upon my Commission colleagues that Canada has , through the judicious application of its internal regulatory policies , a responsibility beyond its own borders .
It has the opportunity to be a global conscience on issues of freedom of speech and fair and equitable portrayals of all groups and persons .
While this decision faithfully executes the regulatory regime under which we currently operate , it fails on the bigger question of adopting an ethical position on issues which we can and should be playing a leadership role .
It ’s understandable that our approach up to now has tended to be entirely insular from a regulatory standpoint .
But given how small the world has become thanks to digital satellite technology and live wall - to - wall news coverage , we may no longer have the luxury of treating all our decisions in complete isolation of what ’s going on around us especially given the current volatile international dynamic within which Canada is intrinsically part .
Nov. 27 , 2009  --
While many Americans are figuring out how much they can spend on Black Friday , flight controllers in mission control at the Johnson Space Center are crunching numbers of their own , calculating the odds of the International Space Station 's getting hit by a piece of space junk .
At issue is an old rocket that could force the five astronauts on the orbiting station to change their orbit to avoid getting whacked by the debris .
It 's a Delta 2 rocket that launched a comet - sampling probe called Stardust from the Kennedy Space Center back on Feb.
7 , 1999 .
The rocket is still up there , and ten years later , it has come back to haunt the International Space Station .
The threat of space junk is such a routine event that orbit crews are put on alert at least once a month to seek shelter or get ready to move out of harm 's way .
Dr. Nicholas Johnson , orbital debris scientist at the Johnson Space Center in Houston , told ABC News earlier this year that even a small particle could disable a spacecraft .
" We try to design spacecraft to be able to withstand small impacts , " he said .
" The larger things , we can detect when they are coming , we do this for the space station every day .
And if we see a large object coming close , we simply get out of the way . "
The U.S. Space Surveillance Network , operated by the Department of Defense , tracks space junk .
And it 's a mess up there , with millions of pieces of debris orbiting Earth .
Space junk has become such a part of the public psyche that the Air Force uses it as a recruiting tool in TV ads that run during sci - fi shows on broadcast and cable networks .
Imaginary Space Station Box Guides Planning
Flight controllers are running the numbers in order to make a decision by the end of the day to figure out if the old Delta rocket will come close enough to force them to boost the space station 's orbit Saturday afternoon to avoid a close encounter early Saturday evening .
They use an imaginary box around the space station as a guideline in their decision making .
It 's shaped like a pizza box , roughly half a mile by 15 miles in size .
An unplanned maneuver could change plans for the trip home for three space station crew members .
Frank De Winne , Bob Thirsk and Roman Romanenko are scheduled to fly home Monday in a Russian Soyuz spacecraft .
The Soyuz serves both as a ferry craft -- and a lifeboat if ever the station really does get hit .
Social Impact conducted an interesting survey of 200 nonprofit executives to explore how their organizations are using social media and the value they derive from these efforts .
They summarized their key results as :
88 % percent of nonprofits are widely experimenting with social media , but only half ( 51 % ) are active users .
79 % are uncertain of how to demonstrate social media ’s value for their organizations .
92 % of executives say their online presence raises awareness of their organization , keeps external audiences engaged ( 86 % ) and reduces costs relative to traditional media ( 77 % ) .
Here is a slide show with their key findings :
While they sound overall optimistic , going over the results , I am still surprised about the lack of the overall acceptance , understanding and engagement in social media .
Allow me to comment on some of the findings .
How much do nonprofits really use social media ?
Graph courtesy Social Impact
If you look at these figures , you can consider the glass as half full or as half empty .
It is surprising 48 % does not engage at all or very little .
Sure enough , 51 % are qualified as “ active users of social media ” , but how engaging and committing is “ experimenting a lot with social media ” really ?
The moment an organisation commits to a blog , to start Twittering , or putting up a Facebook presence , then this needs to be an engagement more than an experiment if fruits are to be bared .
You can not start a blog - with all the start up costs in learning a tool , finding the right platform , …- to drop it all after a few months .
Nor is it about setting up a Twitter account merely to Twitterfeed your main website ’s RSS feed …
Social media is all about indulging yourself in the social aspect , creating a community around you of actively engaged and enthusiastic followers and participants .
That needs time , and requires efforts .
Sure enough , experimentation might be a foreplay for the real thing , and could turn into a real use of social media , but I am afraid all too many organisations leave it at half - assed experimenting .
My advise : Engage !
Which audience does your social media efforts reach ?
This is a real interesting aspect of social media for nonprofit organisations :
Say your organisation has its established quorum of donors and supporters .
You start your blog , Twitter , Facebook , social bookmarking and YouTube channel .
How much of these outlets reach your current target ?
You will surely reach a much broader public , but in how far is “ John Doe ” in Wisconsin stumbling accidentally upon your blog really impact your organisation ’s advocacy reach and fundraising ?
In the same breath , we need to consider that public awareness is a given must for any nonprofit , but are the 2,000 visitors a month to your blog really making an impact ?
Versus the efforts you are putting into it ?
The survey confirms that doubt : 67 % of nonproft executives believe social media had a positive impact on communications with their external audiences , but are less certain about narrower categories of stakeholders , such as donors ( 45 % ) , media ( 39 % ) , and policy makers ( 31 % ) .
Most believe traditional media is still more effective in supporting fundraising efforts ( 67 % ) than social media ( 22 % ) .
This needs to be put into perspective of what your donor community looks like .
Are you mainly working with governments and institutional donors , or are your targeting donations from “ the masses ” ?
While I would doubt the effect on donations social media has for the former , the latter will be able to capitalize on their social media efforts much faster .
Where would Kiva be without social media ?
Or Amnesty International ?
The question can also be more fundamental : Should your organisation continue to focus on governments and institutional donors , or is crowdsourced fundraising and advocacy not the future ?
More and more large nonprofits who embraced the social media wholesomely , now reap the benefits .
Take the UN ’s World Food Programme as an example .
They engaged in social media since a year , and made it an active part of the public relations and fundraising approach .
Their latest campaign , A Billion for a Billion featured a YouTube Video which went viral with over 600,000 views .
The donation benefits of the campaign largely outweighed the cost to run it , marking a turn in their fundraising approach .
My advise :
If your nonprofit is mostly dependent on donations from individuals , do n’t think twice before making social media a core part of your advocacy and fundraising .
If you are a largely institutionally - funded organisation , you need to engage with a well structured and resourced social media strategy ensuring you can take full benefits from the crowdsourcing effect .
Do nonprofit organisations have the resources and expertise to engage in social media ?
“ NO ” , says the survey : nonprofits do not currently have the infrastructure , staff nor expertise to take full advantage of social media ’s potential .
38 % struggle with the implementation approach , and 78 % wish they had more expertise in social media .
About half of the organisations claim they do n’t have enough staff to manage even their current social media program .
65 % do n’t even have enough communications staff overall .
To make it worse , in these hard economic times , 70 % will have a smaller communications budgets in 2010 .
My advise : Social media is all about crowdsourcing : crowdsource your expertise , crowdsource your advocacy , crowdsource your workforce .
Social media allows you to build a community easily , but not only for fundraising and advocacy , but also a community of people who will work for you and with you .
Firefox , one of the best web browsers , is not built by a company , but built through crowdsourced development by people who are not paid to do the work .
So is Drupal , one of the most popular Content Management Systems .
In context : there are millions out there with sufficient social media knowledge - proficient bloggers , Twitterers , Facebook fanatics - .
And .. there are many people out there who are more than willing to contribute some of their spare time in volunteering for a good cause .
So do n’t tell me you ca n’t organise a few dozens to help you with your social media work !
Do n’t tell me you ca n’t find the volunteering expertise out there to help you work out your social media strategy .
All it takes is a conscientious commitment and some key people to guide it all in the right direction .
Do nonprofit organisations see real value in social media ?
Aaah .. here we come to the core of the problem …
If 78 % of the executives are still unconvinced of the value social media offers to their nonprofit organisations , then you can offer all the expertise you want , nothing will happen .
Two years ago , a nonprofit organisation asked me to write a paper on the potential of social media for their work .
When I talked about Twitter and blogging , I only got blank stares back .
They did not understand .
I only caught a glimpse of recognition when I talked about Facebook , as they recognized the term from breakfast conversations amongst their kids .
Two years later , they are considered as one of the leading nonprofits in the social media scene .
Why ?
They committed and engaged with the full support of their senior management .
Convincing a manager of new ways , certainly if it involves decentralization or crowdsourcing , is a slow process .
Certainly if it involves sensitive areas such as advocacy , public relations , image building , fundraising .
“ Will I not lose control ? ” is the obvious reaction .
History provides sufficient examples of the success stories in using social media for nonprofit .
Are there any social media campaigns that went haywire and had to be aborted ?
Social media for nonprofits : it is not all about the money
The survey concentrated mostly on advocacy and fundraising , but social media can do much more for your organisation .
How about building a project community with peers within and beyond your organisation ?
How about building a social dynamic , a sense of unity , within your organisation with distributed locations ?
Why not use social media to bridge the gab between a headquarters and field offices , between senior managers and staff on the ground ?
How about using Twitter for crowdsourced recruitment , for technical feedback on some of your core activities , as a source of information ?
Remember my post
What will you blog about ?
Social media is not just about Ze Moooney !
Once again , The Times Magazine looks back on the past year from our favored perch : ideas .
Like a magpie building its nest , we have hunted eclectically , though not without discrimination , for noteworthy notions of 2009 — the twigs and sticks and shiny paper scraps of human ingenuity , which , when collected and woven together , form a sort of cognitive shelter , in which the curious mind can incubate , hatch and feather .
Unlike birds , we can also alphabetize .
And so we hereby present , from A to Z , the most clever , important , silly and just plain weird innovations we carried back from all corners of the thinking world .
To offer a nonalphabetical option for navigating the entries , this year we have attached tags to each item indicating subject matter .
We hope you enjoy .
USC has imposed sanctions on its men's basketball program for NCAA rules violations , including a ban on postseason competition at the end of this season , a reduction of scholarships and vacating all of its wins from 2007 - 08 .
The university said the self - imposed sanctions resulted from an internal investigation that found NCAA rules violations related to O.J. Mayo , who played for the Trojans during the 2007 - 2008 season under former coach Tim Floyd .
Mayo is now with the NBA 's Memphis Grizzlies .
The sanctions are connected to Mayo's involvement with Rodney Guillory , who under NCAA rules became a USC booster due to his role in Mayo 's recruitment .
In 2008 , on ESPN 's " Outside The Lines , " Louis Johnson , a former associate of Mayo and Guillory , accused Guillory of providing Mayo with improper benefits while the guard played for USC .
Floyd abruptly quit in June following allegations that he gave $ 1,000 in cash to Guillory , who helped steer Mayo to the Trojans .
Mayo was one of the nation 's most highly - sought prep recruits at the time .
When asked Sunday if Mayo would provide a comment regarding USC 's self - imposed sanctions , Grizzlies director of media relations Dustin Krugel referred all inquiries to Mayo 's agent , LaPoe Smith .
When reached by phone , Smith told ESPN 's Kelly Naqi that Mayo " will have no comment at all " on USC 's sanctions .
Reached Monday , Floyd told Naqi " because of the pending NCAA case , I can't comment . "
Floyd , now an assistant with the New Orleans Hornets , has never addressed the allegations involving Mayo .
Johnson , who told Naqi on Sunday that he had no comment on his role in sanctions , did say he was not surprised by the school 's decision .
" I hope the NCAA does n't come down harder than this .
I feel bad for the [ current players ] and everyone who is going to have to go through this difficult period for their basketball program .
It was never my intention to bring down the USC basketball program , " Johnson said .
" [ Current USC head coach Kevin ] O'Neill and the guys got the program back to respectability when no one thought they had a chance to be respectable . "
O'Neill told Naqi he first learned of the sanctions from USC athletic director Michael Garrett after Saturday night 's game against Arizona State .
O'Neill says he met with the USC players Sunday morning and called his recruits afterward .
The players were " stunned , shocked , disappointed " to learn of the sanctions , O'Neill said .
The Trojans are 10 - 4 overall and 2 - 0 in the Pac - 10 as of Sunday and have won eight straight games .
" [ I ] told them what the situation was and it was our expectation that they do the best job they can in the classroom and on the court moving forward , " O'Neill said .
" Nothing changes in our daily lives ; it 's just unfortunate that our last game is March 6th .
" The only real emotional part of this , this team has won eight in a row , has battled adversity all year long .
It will test our mettle but I 'm convinced they 'll respond very well ... or as well as you could . "
USC said it will vacate all wins during the 2007 - 08 regular season , which was when Mayo competed while ineligible .
It will also return the money it received through the Pac - 10 for taking part in the 2008 NCAA tournament .
The Trojans went 21 - 12 ( 11 - 7 Pac - 10 ) in 2007 - 08 , Mayo's only year at USC , and reached the first round of the NCAA tournament , losing to Kansas State .
New Pac - 10 commissioner Larry Scott said the league has been working closely with USC and the NCAA in independent investigations of the Trojans ' basketball program .
" USC 's decision to self - impose aggressive penalties on itself is clear recognition of how seriously the university takes this matter and the sincere commitment of the athletic department , university leadership and new coach Kevin O'Neill to correct mistakes that were made in the past and to set the program on a track to maintain the highest standards expected of every institution in the Pac - 10 and the NCAA , " Scott said in the statement .
The sanctions affect only the men's basketball program .
The university 's football program is also under investigation for allegations that Heisman Trophy - winning running back Reggie Bush received improper benefits while he played at the school .
" USC takes allegations of NCAA rules violations very seriously , " Garrett said .
" When allegations were made regarding our men 's basketball program we immediately began an investigation and worked closely with the NCAA and the Pac - 10 in an attempt to ascertain the truth .
When we 've done something wrong , we have an obligation to do something about it and that is exactly what we are doing here . "
The self - imposed sanctions include :
• No postseason play in 2009 - 10 , including the Pac - 10 conference tournament .
• A reduction of one scholarship for the 2009 - 10 and 2010 - 11 academic years .
• Reducing the number of coaches permitted to recruit off - campus by one during the summer of 2010 .
• Reducing the number of recruiting days for the 2010 - 11 academic year to 110 from 130 .
Information from ESPN's Kelly Naqi and The Associated Press was used in this report .
Abnormal prion proteins cause at least 20 fatal diseases Scientists have shown for the first time that " lifeless " prion proteins , devoid of all genetic material , can evolve just like higher forms of life .
The Scripps Research Institute in the US says the prions can change to suit their environment and go on to develop drug resistance .
Prions are associated with 20 different brain diseases in humans and animals .
The scientists say their work suggests new approaches might be necessary to develop therapies for these diseases .
In the study , published in the journal Science , the scientists transferred prion populations from brain cells to other cells in culture and observed the prions that adapted to the new cellular environment out - competed their brain - adapted counterparts .
When returned to the brain cells , the brain - adapted prions again took over the population .
Charles Weissmann , head of Scripps Florida 's department of infectology who led the study , said : " On the face of it , you have exactly the same process of mutation and adaptive change in prions as you see in viruses .
This is a timely reminder that prion concerns are not going away and that controls to stop abnormal prions being transmitted to humans through the food system or through blood transfusions must be vigorously maintained
Professor John Collinge , Medical Research Council Prion Unit " This means that this pattern of Darwinian evolution appears to be universally active .
" In viruses , mutation is linked to changes in nucleic acid sequence that leads to resistance .
" Now , this adaptability has moved one level down - to prions and protein folding - and it's clear that you do not need nucleic acid ( DNA or RNA ) for the process of evolution . "
Mammalian cells normally produce cellular prion protein or PrPC .
During infections , such as the human form of mad cow disease known as vCJD , abnormal or misfolded proteins convert the normal host prion protein into its toxic form by changing its conformation or shape .
" It was generally thought that once cellular prion protein was converted into the abnormal form , there was no further change " , Mr Weissmann said .
" But there have been hints that something was happening .
" When you transmit prions from sheep to mice , they become more virulent over time .
PRION DISEASES
Human prion diseases such as Creutzfeldt Jakob disease ( CJD ) can arise sporadically , be acquired by infection or be inherited because of a mutant gene coding for the prion protein
They are relatively rare but have occurred in epidemic form in Papua New Guinea as a result of brain cannibalism Animal prion diseases include scrapie in sheep and goats , chronic wasting disease in deer and elk and transmissible mink encephalopathy Bovine spongiform encephalopathy ( BSE ) first appeared in UK in mid-1980s
It is estimated that more than two million UK cattle were infected Variant CJD ( vCJD ) caused by the same prion strain as BSE was first recognised in the mid-1990s " Now we know that the abnormal prions replicate , and create variants , perhaps at a low level initially .
" But once they are transferred to a new host , natural selection will eventually choose the more virulent and aggressive variants . "
Professor John Collinge , of the Medical Research Council 's ( MRC ) Prion Unit , described the research as exciting confirmation of a hypothesis that he had proposed two years ago , that there could be a " cloud " or whole array of prion proteins in the body .
He called it the cloud hypothesis .
He said : " The prion protein is not a clone , it is a quasi - species that can create different protein strains even in the same animal .
" The abnormal prion proteins multiply by converting normal prion proteins .
" The implication of Charles Weissmann 's work is that it would be better to cut off that supply of normal prion proteins rather than risk the abnormal prion adapting to a drug and evolving into a new more virulent form .
" You would do this by trying to block the sites on the normal prion protein that the abnormal form locks on to to do its conversion .
" We know there is an antibody that can do this in mice and the Medical Research Council 's Prion Unit have managed to engineer a human antibody to do this .
Chemical libraries " It is currently undergoing safety tests and we hope to move to clinical trials by the end of 2011 " Professor Collinge said the MRC was also trying to find more conventional chemical compounds to do this and has been collaborating with the chemical company GlaxoSmithKline ( GSK ) .
He said : " They have given us access to their chemical libraries , which contain millions of compounds , and we have already identified some that may work well .
" This is a timely reminder that prion concerns are not going away and that controls to stop abnormal prions being transmitted to humans through the food system or through blood transfusions must be vigorously maintained . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Courtesy of Joe Colson
The cellphone era begins in 1983 as Bob Barnett , a phone company executive , makes a call from Chicago .
Joe Colson of Bell Labs is at left .
Just when we expected and believed the worst , we are pleased to report some good news .
The dog attacked by the Magnolia coyote is indeed alive and expected to make a full recovery .
Thanks to our friends at Seattle Animal Shelter for the update .
The Game
What is Castle Adventure , and why do I remember it so well ?
The " Rouge - like " game was released in 1984 as one of the very first games to be called " shareware " .
By today 's standards the game is a complete joke .
But when my cousin and I played it , it ruled our minds .
For one , it has no graphics .
Instead it uses ASCII characters to simulate graphics .
It is black and white also , no colors .
The game play is somewhat like the later released : The Legend of Zelda , only you type in actions like : Get Key , and Wear Necklace .
The story is not really a story at all .
It is more like : Here 's your situation , deal with it .
I say this , because at the beginning of the game , you 're trapped in an abandoned castle and you have to get out .
Why are you there ?
Unknown .
How did you get there ?
Unknown .
At that time , we did n't care about those trivial things .
All we needed to know , was there was a goal in sight .
And the goal was that we needed to get out of the castle .
And eventually , we did .
Sometime after the game 's release , a company called Keypunch Software found it and illegally published it .
The game came in a package called Swords and Sorcery which was release in 1987 .
It contained four games ( Swords of Glass , Amulet of Yendor , The Golden Wombat , and NYC Adventure ) .
The game Golden Wombat , is actually Castle Adventure with a different name .
This is all peachy , but why did I like this game so much ?
Well for one , at the time when I played this game I had no idea what a computer was truly capable of .
A computer was this all - powerful glowing artifact of power that held unlimited potential .
Of course now I 'm a computer programmer and have a much different view of the evil box of unlimited GPF's .
The mystery of a computer helped in my love of this game .
Also , because the game is so primitive visually , you 're forced to use our imagination .
A totally foreign concept in today 's games .
Something else that makes the game more interesting , is that it describes each room in detail .
Each time you go into a new room a box of text will appear describing the room and its occupants .
This gives a much better description then any cheap CGA graphics could have done at the time .
With this " story book " kind of description , the game is a cross between a graphic novel and an action game .
Also , the game is in real - time , a concept which very few games had at the time .
When you walked into a room with a monster it charges its way towards you and attacks instead of waiting for you to type in a command like attack ogre .
This makes the fighting more exciting .
Probably the most important thing about the game was that there are a lot puzzles making the game much more of a brain game as opposed to a " fastest finger " game .
Some of them are fairly easy , others are downright difficult .
Some of the puzzles allow you to avoid some of the difficult combat .
For example , the Mad Demon in the throne room can be totally avoided if you know what to do .
Another great thing about the game is that it has a carrying capacity .
In many adventure games you can pick up every thing in the world and carry them with you .
In Castle Adventure you can only carry a certain number of items at any one time .
So you have to drop an item somewhere and come back for it later .
Castle Adventure is n't without it 's share of bugs though .
The SAVE and LOAD commands worked , but created a few invincible monsters with names that are numbers .
Beware of the unkillable 23 !
There are also a few typos , but aside from that it is a solid game .
You wo n't find much about this gem of a game anymore .
I found almost nothing on the web about it .
But it does exist , and I do still have it .
I really reminisce about it , as one of the things from my childhood that shaped my life .
( I know I 'm a total nerd , but I 'm proud of that . )
The game is only two files ( excluding the documents ) , Castle.EXE and Castle.RAN .
I 've actually hacked into the RAN file , and have been able to draw the rooms through a custom program I wrote .
( No descriptions yet . )
It would be nice to resurrect this classic though .
( See the links for a remake ! )
If you have trouble playing the game on your new computer , it 's because Castle Adventure does n't use a real time delay .
Thus , the faster your computer runs , the faster the game runs .
This obviously makes the game unplayable on the new PCs , but there is still hope .
A very nice program exists called DOSBox , which is a DOS emulator with speed adjustments .
The old way of slowing the game down is to use the MoSlo progam , but it does n't work that well on really fast PC's .
You can also download the clone of CA here that has a real - time delay , but it 's not a perfect clone .
Castle Adventure is a shareware program !
Download it here !
8:TMP's Sundance debut was apparently a huge success , with lots of favorable local coverage :
Plenty of folks showed up for both Sundance and the kick - off of the Utah State Legislature 's 2010 General Session :
Of course , no trip to Utah would be complete without locking horns with last year 's star of Buttarspalooza , who is now claiming the makers of 8 : The Mormon Proposition tricked him by wearing BYU T - shirts to last year 's interview that launched the documentary film :
[ Pls check out this news report and come back ... for some reason , I ca n't get the embed to work ]
Gotta love how the LDS church issues a statement calling for truthfulness and Mormon senator Chris Buttars responds by lying about the film crew who caught him on tape !
Soon after a local Utah blogger produced PROOF of Buttars ' mendacity , the film 's director , Reed Cowan , called on the prevaricating Utah state senator to RESIGN .
Good times !
Video Tags : 8TMP , 8: TMP , 8 : The Mormon Proposition , Brandie Balken , Bruce Bastian , Buttarspalooza , Chris Buttars , Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints , Dustin Lance Black , Equality Utah , Eric Ethington , LDS , LGBT , Mormon , Mormons , Matthew Lyon , Pride in Utah , Reed Cowan , Steven Greenstreet , Sundance , Troy Williams , Utah
Here 's where I start dropping random links as the story develops :
One Utah :
The very special cowardice of Chris Buttars
KUTV ( latest Utah TV news report ) : Filmmaker Calls For Buttars Resignation ; Says He Lied
Jonathan Ross to quit as TV and radio host with the BBC
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Jonathan Ross has announced he is leaving the BBC , after 13 years working for the corporation .
Ross , 49 , who is the BBC 's highest paid star , said in a statement he had decided not to renegotiate his contract when it ends in July .
The presenter added his decision to leave was not " financially motivated " .
In 2008 , the controversial host was suspended for making a series of phone calls to actor Andrew Sachs on Russell Brand 's Radio 2 show .
Working at the BBC has been a tremendous privilege , and I would like to thank everyone who has watched and listened so loyally over the last 13 years
Jonathan Ross
Jonathan Ross 's statement in full Have Your Say : Ross quits the BBC Delivering a tray of tea to reporters standing in the snow outside his north London home , Ross said : " It 's probably not a bad time for me to move on - and it 's probably not a bad time for the BBC , either .
" I 've got six months left , I 'm hoping to make the best shows of my career with them . "
One of the biggest names at the BBC , Ross currently hosts his own Friday night chat show , Radio 2 show and a film review programme .
The announcement comes a day after it was revealed that Graham Norton had signed a two - year deal with the corporation prompting newspaper speculation that he would take over Ross 's Friday night slot on BBC One .
But BBC creative director Alan Yentob said it was " too premature " to make such decisions .
He added : " You do n't need to compare Graham with Jonathan Ross .
No decisions have been taken with that slot . "
' Wonderful time '
It was reported that Ross 's contract , which secured his services for the three years up to July 2010 , was worth £ 18 m .
The BBC has never confirmed that amount , but it was expected that Ross would be asked to accept a pay cut , following the lead of other big stars , such as Bruce Forsyth and Chris Moyles .
" Although I have had a wonderful time working for the BBC , and am very proud of the shows I have made while there , over the last two weeks I have decided not to re-negotiate when my current contract comes to an end , " Ross said .
INSIDER'S VIEW Torin Douglas , Media correspondent
This has come out of the blue .
For Ross to give up his radio as well as his television shows is what has really surprised people , because he loved radio and the Radio 2 show was a big success .
Since " Sachsgate " he has reined back , and when he reins back you realise what a good broadcaster he is .
He manages to attract a young audience , even though he 's getting older himself , but still get a mainstream audience .
That 's why he's a very valuable property .
A lot of people hate him and think he stands for all the things that the BBC should not stand for , but lots of others love him .
Channel 4 will be very interested in trying to get him .
Graham Norton could be a ready - made TV replacement - in that way the BBC is well placed .
For the Film 2010 show , Mark Kermode from 5 live is a potential successor .
But replacing Ross on radio will be harder .
" While there , I have worked with some of the nicest and most talented people in the industry and had the opportunity to interview some of the biggest stars in the world , and am grateful to the BBC for such a marvellous experience .
" Lucrative offers " " I would like to make it perfectly clear that no negotiations ever took place and that my decision is not financially motivated .
He said that he had previously turned down " more lucrative offers from other channels " because the BBC was " where I wanted to be " .
He added : " As I have said before - I would happily have stayed there for any fee they cared to offer , but there were other considerations .
" I love making my Friday night talk show , my Saturday morning radio show and the Film Programme , and will miss them all . "
The star said he will remain working for the BBC until the summer and will continue hosting the Bafta Film Awards , Comic Relief and other BBC specials .
" Working at the BBC has been a tremendous privilege , and I would like to thank everyone who has watched and listened so loyally over the last 13 years . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Jana Bennett , director of BBC Vision , said she could " understand " Ross 's decision " following a difficult year " .
She called him an " extremely talented broadcaster " and said all his programmes had been a " great success " .
" I 'm pleased that Jonathan will continue to apply his considerable abilities to the remaining six months of Friday Night , Film 2010 and his Radio 2 show , " she said .
" I 'm delighted that he will continue to present the Bafta awards and Comic Relief for BBC Television . "
Ross has thanked fans posting on micro-blogging site Twitter , " Thanks for all the kind words about my decision .
I feel sad that I can't keep making the shows so many of you love ! "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Slams health bill ‘ madness ’
WASHINGTON — Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) on Wednesday said the Massachusetts election was a “ wake up call ” for Democrats and that his party had better change course or it could suffer devastating losses come November .
“ People elected Democrats in 2008 to change the country ’s direction , ” he told Raw Story in a nearly hour - long interview .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ And the same entrenched interests that George Bush could not shake , this current White House is having great difficulty in shaking .
One could suggest they might be more entrenched than ever . ”
Kucinich staunchly defended liberalism but alleged that Democrats are not behaving like liberals .
“ There ’s nothing liberal about the bailouts .
There ’s nothing liberal about standing by and watching banks use public money to get their executive bonuses .
There ’s nothing liberal about giving insurance companies carte blanche to charge anything they want for health care …
Since when did that become liberal ? ”
“ There ’s nothing liberal about letting coal and oil write climate change legislation , ” he added .
“ Are you kidding me ? ”
The 13 - year congressman lamented the lack of change in economic policies , tying it to the major problems Democrats are facing .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The minute the president appointed Tim Geithner and Larry Summers to key policy positions , and the minute that [ Ben ]
Bernanke was named to head the Fed again , we ’re looking at people who participated in the decline of the economy , ” he said .
“ This group has done us a disservice . ”
“ Every area of the economy is still about taking wealth from the great mass of people and putting it into the hands of a few .
If you do n’t have a economic democracy , you do n’t have a political democracy . ”
“ We have to be more defined as being on the side of the people and not on the side of interest groups that are so entrenched , ” said Kucinich , who is widely regarded as a champion on progressive issues .
ADVERTISEMENT
Dems ‘ jumped in bed with insurance companies ’
Kucinich said he ’s deeply disillusioned with what health reform has become , suggesting Democrats should “ slow down ” and “ take a step back . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Health care became too complex and too riddled with concessions to insurance companies and pharmaceutical companies , ” he said .
“ It ’s really time to take a new direction and that direction has to be back to the American people . ”
One idea Democrats are floating is to pass the Senate bill through the House , which would then allow the President to sign it into law .
“ I do n’t think that ’s going to happen , ” he said .
“ The senate bill is so totally flawed that I do n’t think it can get the votes in the House to pass .
I certainly would n’t vote for it . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It hits very sharply at people who gave wage concessions to get health care benefits , ” he said , citing the excise tax on health care benefits .
“ We ’re going to ask Americans to take a wage cut ?
Why ? ”
“ We lost the initiative the minute that our party jumped into bed with the insurance companies .
And soon they were looking at increasing taxes as a way of subsidizing insurance companies .
It ’s just madness . ”
“ We ’re redistributing the wealth of the nation upwards by giving the insurance companies 30 million new customers , $ 50 billion a year more in revenue . ”
A number of progressives and Democrats disagree with Kucinich ’s conclusion , and say despite its flaws the health care bill is at least an important step toward expanding coverage and reducing costs .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Well , which direction are we building in ? ” Kucinich responded .
“ If we give insurance companies a monopoly on health care , if we put no controls on premiums , if we give them antitrust exemptions …
Is this the direction we build in to protect health care for people , or to protect insurance companies ? ”
He said part of America ’s distrust for the bill is the special deals the leadership cut with certain Senators , citing Sen .
Ben Nelson ’s exemption for Medicaid expenses in Nebraska .
“ People know when things get to that point , it ’s time to stay stop .
Stop what you ’re doing .
Do n’t make another move .
Slow it down .
That ’s the message from Massachusetts . ”
Kucinich voiced his long - held view that the best way to address health care is to achieve a “ Medicare - for - all system . ”
He said Democrats should n’t abandon health reform , but need to signal they realize it ’s been mishandled .
ADVERTISEMENT
Rips Obama admin on economy , giving Wall Street ‘ immunity ’
Kucinich said the Massachusetts election was also a referendum on the Obama administration ’s “ inadequate ” response to the economic crisis .
“ We ought to focus on creating 15 million jobs , and if we do that , we ’ll regain the confidence of the American people on domestic issues , ” he said .
“ With people losing their jobs , losing their homes , their investments , their savings , retirement security , losing opportunities for their children to go to college , we have to focus on economic issues . ”
The congressman from Ohio claimed these problems have arisen because the system is skewed against the interests of the people , and that Obama ’s economic team is n’t helping to solve them .
ADVERTISEMENT
He said the Obama administration was giving Wall Street banks “ immunity and too big to fail protection , ” saying they “ even pride themselves on that . ”
“ People understand the precarious nature of the economy , and that ’s what they ’re responding to in Massachusetts . ”
“ We ’re really at a moment here , a moment of pivot .
We need to regain the confidence of the American people by rallying them on the economic issues .
But if not , Massachusetts will just be a harbinger of what ’s to come . ”
Special interests ‘ more entrenched than ever ’
ADVERTISEMENT
Kucinich lamented Democrats ’ growing camaraderie with big moneyed interests , claiming it ’s hurting the party .
“ You ask the banks to reform banking ? ” he said .
“ Put the insurance companies to reform insurance .
Call in nuclear to reform energy policies ?
Are you kidding me ? ”
“ These problems , lest we forget , did not start with Barack Obama , ” Kucinich said .
“ It was George Bush drove the economy over the cliff with a trillion dollar tax cut and a war based on lies , and an expanding trade deficit . ”
“ And we ca n’t do that by playing patty - cake with Wall Street , by caving into the demands of big banks , by playing footsie with insurance companies and by jumping in bed with the pharmaceutical industry .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Americans are really skittish about the economy , and they have every right to be , ” he said .
“ This is n’t a left - right argument ; this is n’t a liberal - conservative argument .
This is about down or up . ”
“ We have a really deep recession , and the only way to bring it back up is to have a massive jobs program , ” he said .
“ I do n’t see any evidence ” that Obama ’s economic team is standing behind that .
“ We have to listen to what the message is from Massachusetts .
We better listen carefully . ”
Beyond left and right
In what may come as a surprise to some of his supporters , Kucinich declined to blame Republicans for what he believes have been economic policies gone awry .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We have to be looking at ourselves , ” he claimed .
“ We have to be looking at what we need to do to govern …
It ’s really simple : the people do n’t like what we ’re doing . ”
“ Democrats have to look at our own responsibilities , not the Republicans ’ responsibilities , ” he said .
“ If we want to give the mantle of leadership to Republicans , they ’re the minority , they ’re willing to take it . ”
Kucinich said the Democratic strategy , as unveiled in a leaked internal memo obtained by Talking Points Memo‘s Brian Beutler , of urging Republicans to take more responsibility was “ wrong . ”
“ This is n’t about the Republicans , this is about the Democrats . ”
“ There ’s been a serious mislabeling of politics in America , where there ’s an attempt to confuse people about who stands for what , and in that it ’s the triumph of special interests . ”
‘ Still time to recover ’
Kucinich said that despite the Democrats ’ turn in the wrong direction , they can still win back the people ’s trust .
“ I ’m not one who believes the sky is falling , ” he said .
“ We just need to listen to what people are saying .
The people of Massachusetts sent the message that they ’re not willing to be taken for granted . ”
“ Democrats need to take a more aggressive stance , ” Kucinich posited .
“ The only time I ’ve ever voted against my party is when I thought we could do better , and be stronger . ”
“ We can only keep our majority if this wake - up call is used in a constructive way , and we have our eyes open . ”
“ We just had an alarm go off in Massachusetts , and we better wake up .
Because if we shut the clock off and go back to sleep , when we wake up in November we could end up in the minority . ”
Despite his harrowing words , Kucinich said he “ remains optimistic ” that Democrats can “ turn things around . ”
“ We still have enough time to recover .
A political eternity exists between now and November .
Plenty of time .
But we have to really reset the pointer of our political direction . ”
Just how much did hate radio fuel the Rwandan genocide ?
David Yanagizawa , an economics job market candidate from Stockholm University , uses Rwanda ’s hilly topography to look at the effect of the Mille Collines “ hate radio ” on violence .
Not all villages are in line of sight of the two national transmitters .
The effect of being so ?
When a village has full rather than zero radio coverage , civilian violence increased by 65 percent and organized violence by 77 percent .
See his many interesting papers here .
Missing climbers
Katie Rani Nolan was a multi- faceted diamond , Pastor Rick McKinley said .
Speaker after speaker at her memorial service Tuesday presented those facets :
The 29 - year - old who died on Mount Hood was a product of The Palouse , daughter , sister , a radiant smiler , committed Christian , world traveler , humanitarian , adventurer , prolific letter writer , graduate student , tireless social worker and , in her private moments , battler of demons that attacked her self - image .
Hers was " a life filled with adventure and compassion for others , " with more experiences packed into her time on the planet than others will realize in much longer lifespans , said Rita Hansen , the person credited with introducing Nolan to mountain climbing .
Several hundred people crowded into the Portland Foursquare Church in Southeast Portland for the service , the third in three days for three climbers who perished after leaving Dec. 11 from Timberline Lodge to summit Mount Hood .
A search for Nolan of Southeast Portland and Anthony Vietti , 25 , of Longview , Wash . , was suspended last Wednesday .
The body of a third climber , Luke Gullberg , 26 , of Des Moines , Wash . , was found the morning of Dec. 12 on Reid Glacier on the mountain 's south side .
Rescuers believe the bodies of Nolan and Vietti are possibly near the top of the steep head wall of the glacier .
Photographs displayed throughout the memorial for Nolan showed her as a child , the second born of five children who grew up in Walla Walla and became the woman attending Portland State University pursuing a master 's degree in social work and helping others while living the quintessential Northwest life of outdoor adventure .
She was an athlete , in high school and later in life .
Her outdoor pursuits -- hiking , climbing , backpacking , running in the Portland Marathon , running in Hood to Coast , bicycling a century ride , participating in a triathlon -- " was her way of recharging her batteries , " Hansen said .
They needed recharging in part because of the demands she faced with a graduate student 's classload and her social work with Catholic Charities .
Margi Dechenne , her supervisor at Catholic Charities , recalled meeting Nolan for the first time during a job interview .
" What else do homeless women need , " Dechenne asked the potential employee , " other than a place to live ? "
Nolan smiled and , eyes gleaming , leaned toward her questioner and said , " Hope !
We have to have hope for them ! "
In her time working for the organization , Nolan helped find housing for 62 women in the Portland area who previously had none , Dechenne said .
Recently Nolan was working with another nonprofit organization based in Hillsboro , Transitions Global , trying to establish a shelter in Portland for people enslaved in worldwide sex trafficking , Dechenne said .
" She loved the person sitting next to her , " Dechenne said , " and she loved the person all the way across the world . "
At points in her life , however , she had trouble loving herself .
Nolan 's Portland roommate , Emily Jameson , read a brief essay by Nolan that was included in a photography project called , " Skeletons in the Closet , " examining eating disorders .
Nolan describes trying to escape her eating disorder in 2003 by traveling on a humanitarian mission to Katmandu , Nepal , but , " my eating disorder got on the plane and came with me . "
She went on to write that she contemplated suicide , but overcame the illness , crediting " two and a half years of therapy , support groups , visits to the nutritionist and hospital " and receiving " God 's love for me . "
Hundreds of photographs on two screens showed Nolan in locations all over the world .
The final shot was a photograph dated Dec. 11 of Nolan on what is clearly a slope of Mount Hood .
She 's smiling in her climbing helmet with the blue sky visible over her right shoulder .
A Web site has been set up to remember Katie Nolan ’s life :
To help understand the context of the NASA GISS announcement , I ’m reposting Bob Tisdales ’s excellent analysis from 2009 which ran on WUWT on November 10th
Global Temperatures This Decade Will Be The Warmest On Record …
… And It Will Be Exploited By Those Who Fail To Understand The Reasons For The Rise
Guest post by Bob Tisdale
INITIAL NOTES
For some visitors to this blog , this post will be a merging and rehashing of a few of my earlier posts .
But this post is different in a very important way .
I have attempted to simplify the discussion of El Nino - caused step changes for those with less technical backgrounds .
The post does assume the reader knows of El Nino and La Nina events .
If not , here are links to two NOAA El Nino Frequently Asked Question web pages :
http://www.aoml.noaa.gov/general/enso_faq/
http://faculty.washington.edu/kessler/occasionally-asked-questions.html
The following narrated video “ Visualizing El Nino ” from the NASA / Goddard Space Flight Center Scientific Visualization Studio provides an excellent overview of the 1997/98 E ; Nino , one of the El Nino events that created the aftereffects illustrated in this post .
YouTube Link :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DbNzw1CCKHo
I have provided links to the referenced studies and to the posts that provide more detailed explanations at the end of the following .
They do not appear within the general discussion of this post .
Many of the illustrations in the following are .gif animations , with 5 - to 10 - second pauses between cells .
GLOBAL TEMPERATURES THIS DECADE WILL BE THE WARMEST ON RECORD
It became apparent a number of years ago that the current decade , the 2000s , would have the highest surface temperature since the start of the instrument temperature record .
Prior to now , the record decade for Global Surface Temperature Anomalies , Global Lower Troposphere Temperature ( TLT ) Anomalies , and Global Sea Surface Temperature ( SST ) anomalies had been the 1990s .
Table 1 shows the average 1990s and 2000s ( to date ) temperature anomalies furnished by different suppliers , and the difference between the two decades .
And with the end of this decade drawing near , one should expect to hear of this new record time and time again .
There are those who will exploit this in the next few months and in the years to come .
Those parties will , of course , blame anthropogenic greenhouse gases for the rise .
http://i33.tinypic.com/2i7mj4i.png
Table 1
THOSE WHO TRUMPET THE ELEVATED TEMPERATURES WILL FAIL TO ACKNOWLEDGE THE NON - LINEAR RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE EL NINO - SOUTHERN OSCILLATION ( ENSO ) AND GLOBAL TEMPERATURES
There have been a number of recent research papers that have illustrated a linear relationship between El Nino - Southern Oscillation ( ENSO ) and global temperature .
These papers contradict what is clearly visible in the instrument temperature record , and that is , that the relationship between ENSO and global temperature is non-linear .
In a comparison of global temperatures and natural variables , the researchers scale one of the ENSO indices , and after adjusting for other natural variables such as solar irradiance and volcanic aerosols , the researchers claim the difference between those natural variables and global temperatures must be caused by the increase in anthropogenic greenhouse gases .
A simplified example of these comparisons is shown in Figure 1 ; it compares global SST anomalies and scaled NINO3.4 SST anomalies , one of the ENSO indices .
It also shows their linear trends .
I ’ve excluded volcanic aerosol and solar adjustments to simplify the illustration .
Note how the Global SST anomaly trend is increasing while the NINO3.4 SST anomaly trend is decreasing .
As noted earlier , there are those who would like you to believe that the difference in those trends is caused by anthropogenic greenhouse gases .
http://i34.tinypic.com/3589pj9.png
Figure 1
MULTIYEAR AFTEREFFECTS OF ENSO ARE VISIBLE AS STEP CHANGES IN THE SST RECORDS
The first dataset to be discussed is the sea surface temperature ( SST ) anomalies of the East Indian and West Pacific Oceans .
This dataset represents approximately 25 % of the global ocean surface area between 60S and 65N .
A sizeable area , as can be seen in Figure 2 .
http://i34.tinypic.com/iwrz39.png
Figure 2
Figure 2 also shows the location of the NINO3.4 region of the equatorial Pacific .
Its coordinates are 5S - 5N , 170W - 120W .
Climate change researchers use this and other similar datasets when studying the magnitudes of El Nino and La Nina events and how often those events occur .
Meteorologists also monitor NINO3.4 SST anomalies and other ENSO indexes to help them forecast the impacts of the current event on regional climate , hurricanes , etc .
The SST anomalies of the NINO3.4 area of the Pacific correlate well with global temperature measurements .
That is , when the SST anomalies of the NINO3.4 area rise during an El Nino event , global SST anomalies , and global TLT anomalies , and global surface temperature anomalies typically rise by lesser amounts .
Researchers assume this relationship is constant , that it is linear , but as will be shown in the following , it is not linear .
The global response to La Nina events is not the same as it is to El Nino events .
This will be clearer as the discussion progresses .
Keep in mind that it is not only the SST anomalies of the NINO3.4 that rise and fall during El Nino and La Nina events .
As can be seen in the video “ Visualizing El Nino ” above , the SST anomalies entire tropical Pacific are impacted .
Of the 9 official El Nino events since November 1981 ( the start year of the SST dataset used to illustrate the effect ) , only two of these specific major traditional El Nino events occurred , one in 1986 / 87/88 and the other in 1997 / 98 .
See Figure 3 , which is a .gif animation of the time - series graph of NINO3.4 SST anomalies .
The other significant traditional El Nino in 1982/83 was counteracted by the volcanic eruption of El Chichon .
http://i37.tinypic.com/2la6640.gif
Figure 3
Links to the individual cells of Figure 3 :
Link to Figure 3 Cell A :
http://i33.tinypic.com/9pw0no.png
Link to Figure 3 Cell B :
http://i36.tinypic.com/apigjq.png
Link to Figure 3 Cell C :
http://i35.tinypic.com/2yorexg.png
Something very curious happens in the East Indian and West Pacific area of the global oceans shown in Figure 2 .
The SST anomalies of the East Indian and West Pacific Oceans rise in steps in response to specific El Nino events .
These particular El Nino events are major events that are traditional in nature , as opposed to El Nino Modoki ( pseudo El Nino events ) , and they are also El Nino events that have not been impacted by explosive volcanic eruptions , such as El Chichon in 1982 and Mount Pinatubo in 1991 .
Figure 4 is a .gif animation of two datasets presented in different ways .
Cell A is a graph that compares the SST anomalies of the NINO3.4 region of the equatorial Pacific to the SST anomalies of the East Indian and West Pacific Oceans .
The NINO3.4 SST anomalies have been scaled ( multiplied by a factor of 0.2 in this case ) so that the changes in them during the El Nino events of 1986 / 87/88 and 1997/98 are approximately the same magnitude as the responses in the East Indian and West Pacific Oceans .
Note how the SST anomalies of the East Indian and West Pacific Oceans had little response to the 1982/83 El Nino .
As discussed earlier , that El Nino was counteracted by the sunlight - blocking volcanic aerosols of the explosive eruption of El Chichon .
Note also that there is a dip in the East Indian and West Pacific SST anomalies in 1991 and a rebound a few years later .
That dip and rebound is caused by the eruption of Mount Pinatubo .
In Cell B , linear trend lines have been added to the same datasets to show the relationship presented by researchers who assume the relationship between ENSO and global temperature is linear .
The linear trends skew perspective and hide the actual cause of the rise in SST anomalies of the East Indian and West Pacific Oceans .
In Cell C , I ’ve included the average East Indian and West Pacific SST anomalies for the period before the 1986/76/88 El Nino , the period between the 1986/76/88 and 1997/98 El Nino events , and the period after the 1997/98 El Nino .
These averages highlight the step changes that occurred in this portion of the global ocean .
Again , these step changes are aftereffects of the 1986/87/88 and 1997/98 El Nino events .
http://i37.tinypic.com/smrt44.gif
Figure 4
Links to the individual cells of Figure 4 :
Link to Figure 4 Cell A :
http://i33.tinypic.com/2cparf4.png
Link to Figure 4 Cell B :
http://i38.tinypic.com/dz5go.png
Link to Figure 4 Cell C :
http://i33.tinypic.com/14wu8pk.png
As you will note , the multiyear aftereffects are n’t true step changes .
The SST anomalies for the East Indian and West Pacific Oceans do n’t remain at the new higher temperatures indefinitely .
They do , however , remain at higher levels ( failing to respond fully to the La Nina ) until the next series of lesser El Nino events drive the temperatures back up again , helping to maintain the higher levels .
( The effects are easier to describe as step changes , which is why I refer to them that way . )
It is important to notice that the response of the East Indian and West Pacific Oceans to 1998/99/00 La Nina was not the same as the response to the El Nino that came before it .
The SST anomalies for this area of the global oceans rose as would be expected in response to the El Nino , but it did not respond fully to the La Nina phase .
Global SST response to La Nina events is not always the same as it is to El Nino events .
And this difference between how Global SST responds to El Nino and La Nina events causes Global SST to rise .
These step changes in the East Indian and West Pacific Ocean SST anomalies are important for a number of reasons .
First , the oceans represent approximately 70 % of the surface area of the globe , and SST anomalies are included in the calculation of global surface temperature by GISS , Hadley Centre , and NCDC .
Refer again to Table 1 .
In fact , the NCDC ’s Optimum Interpolation SST dataset ( OI.V2 ) used in Figure 4 has been included by the Goddard Institute for Space Studies ( GISS ) in their GISTEMP product since 1982 .
Second , these step changes are not reproduced by climate models .
They also are not acknowledged by the scientific community –if they were , the papers listed at the end of this post would not illustrate a linear relationship between ENSO and global temperature .
I have searched but have been unable to find any scientific paper that discusses these step changes .
Third , the step changes bias the global SST anomalies upward and give the impression of a gradual increase in SST anomalies .
This can be seen in a comparison graph of the SST anomalies of the East Indian and West Pacific Oceans , the SST anomalies of the “ Rest of the World ” ( East Pacific , Atlantic , and West Indian Oceans ) , and the combination of the two , Figure 5 .
The period since 1996 is unique in the last 40 + years .
There have n’t been any major volcanic eruptions to add noise to the data .
This is why the data in Figure 5 starts in 1996 .
http://i38.tinypic.com/2ezjk9s.png
Figure 5
Note how in Figure 5 the East Indian and West Pacific SST anomalies linger at the elevated levels while the SST anomalies for the “ Rest of the World ” are mimicking the variability of the NINO3.4 SST anomalies , shown in Figure 3 .
( That is , the SST anomalies for the “ Rest of the World ” are responding as researchers expect to both El Nino and La Nina events . )
Over the next few years , ocean currents “ mix ” the elevated SST anomalies of the East Indian and West Pacific Oceans with the depressed SST anomalies of the “ Rest of the World ” oceans , dropping one and raising the other , until they intersect in 2003 .
This is more than 4 years after the end of the 1997/98 El Nino .
Because the Global SST anomalies are a combination of the two , they are biased upward by the elevated East Indian - West Pacific SST anomalies and by the mixing with the waters of the “ Rest of the World ” .
This gives the false impression of a gradual increase in global SST anomalies .
In other words , the effects of the major traditional El Nino events can linger for at least 4 years , causing gradual increases in global sea surface temperatures during that time .
This gradual increase is incorrectly attributed to anthropogenic sources .
These effects are also discussed and illustrated in my video “ The Lingering Effects of the 1997/98 El Nino ” .
YouTube Link :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4uv4Xc4D0Dk
MULTIYEAR AFTEREFFECTS
OF ENSO ARE ALSO VISIBLE AS STEP CHANGES IN THE TLT RECORDS
Since 1979 , two groups have analyzed the satellite - based Microwave Sounding Unit ( MSU ) radiometer data to determine atmospheric temperatures at different levels .
These groups are Remote Sensing Systems ( RSS ) and the University of Alabama in Huntsville ( UAH ) .
We ’ll be using the data from RSS in this discussion .
One dataset , the Lower Troposphere Temperature ( TLT ) anomalies , correlate well with the global surface temperature anomalies determined from direct land and sea surface temperature observations .
Lower Troposphere Temperature ( TLT ) anomalies also show upward step changes in response to the significant traditional 1986 / 87/88 and 1997/98 El Nino events .
And similar to the discussion of sea surface temperatures above , only a portion of the global TLT anomalies show clear signs of these upward steps .
In this case , it ’s the latitude band of 20N to 82.5N or the Mid-To - High Latitudes of the Northern Hemisphere .
Refer to Figure 6 for the area of the globe included within these latitudes .
It represents in the neighborhood of 33 % of the global surface area .
http://i34.tinypic.com/id7h4k.png
Figure 6
The graph in Figure 7 compares the NINO3.4 SST anomalies to the Lower Troposphere Temperature ( TLT ) anomalies of the Mid-To - High Latitudes of the Northern Hemisphere .
The scaled NINO3.4 SST anomalies are used again as a reference for the timing and magnitude of significant traditional El Nino events .
As you can see , the TLT anomaly data for this area of the globe is noisy , but it is obvious that the TLT anomalies rose since 1979 , a rise that is normally attributed to manmade greenhouse gases .
http://i35.tinypic.com/2coiln8.png
Figure 7
A common technique used to reduce data noise is to smooth it by calculating the average of a number of months before and after a given month , and to calculate this average for each month for the entire length of the dataset .
( The same technique was used in Figure 5 . )
The TLT anomaly data in Figure 8 has been smoothed with a 13 - month running average filter .
Note how , when compare to Figure 7 , there is much less noise in the smoothed data .
Figure 8 is another .gif animation .
It illustrates the TLT anomaly data for the Mid-To - High Latitudes of the Northern Hemisphere and the scaled NINO3.4 SST anomalies from different points of view .
Cell A illustrates the data without any comments .
Depending on your perspective , you can see a gradual rise in the TLT anomaly dataset that ’s disrupted by ENSO events and volcanic eruptions or you can see three periods of relatively flat TLT anomalies that are punctuated by ENSO and volcanic eruptions with two major step increases caused by the 1986 / 87/88 and 1997/98 El Nino events .
In Cell B , the impacts of the two major volcanic eruptions are noted .
These are the 1982 eruption of EL Chichon and the Mount Pinatubo eruption in 1991 .
As with the SST data , the El Chichon eruption counteracted the impact of the 1982/83 El Nino .
But the lesser El Nino in 1991 / 92 was no match for the Mount Pinatubo eruption , and TLT anomalies made a substantial drop .
The TLT anomalies rebounded a few years later as the volcanic aerosols in the stratosphere dissipated .
Cell C shows the positive linear trend of the TLT anomalies for the Mid-To - High Latitudes of the Northern Hemisphere and it shows the negative trend in the SST anomalies of the NINO3.4 region of the equatorial Pacific .
The difference between the two , as discussed earlier , is attributed by researchers to anthropogenic greenhouse gases .
However , the attribution is unfounded when the global data is broken down into smaller subsets .
The heat released by significant El Nino events can and do cause step changes in the TLT anomalies of the Mid-To - High Latitudes of the Northern Hemisphere .
This is clearly visible when the average temperatures before and after those significant El Nino events are displayed on the graph , Cell D .
http://i35.tinypic.com/j0f89k.gif
Figure 8
Links to the individual cells of Figure 8 :
Link to Figure 8 Cell A :
http://i37.tinypic.com/30rraky.png
Link to Figure 8 Cell B :
http://i37.tinypic.com/2yjocr9.png
Link to Figure 8 Cell C :
http://i38.tinypic.com/2jcdc13.png
Link to Figure 8 Cell D :
http://i37.tinypic.com/2ue1jz8.png
It is primarily those two shifts in the Mid-To - High Latitude TLT Anomalies of the Northern Hemisphere that cause the upward trend in Global TLT Anomalies .
DO ANTHROPOGENIC GREENHOUSE GASES FUEL EL NINO EVENTS ?
The source of heat for El Nino events is the Tropical Pacific , and there is no evidence that greenhouse gases have a significant effect on the Ocean Heat Content ( OHC ) anomalies of the Tropical Pacific .
Refer to Figure 9 .
It is also a .gif animation .
Cell A shows the comparison graph of Tropical Pacific OHC , scaled NINO3.4 SST anomalies , and scaled Sato Index of Stratospheric Aerosol Optical Thickness .
The Sato Index data is presented to illustrate the timing of explosive volcanic eruptions .
Like the other comparisons in this post , the NINO3.4 SST anomalies are used to illustrate the timing and magnitude of El Nino and La Nina events .
The OHC dataset was created by the National Oceanographic Data Center ( NODC ) .
It presents OHC to depths of 700 meters .
This OHC data was introduced with the Levitus et al ( 2009 ) paper “ Global Ocean Heat Content 1955 - 2008 in light of recently revealed instrumentation problems ” .
Cell B highlights the two decade - long declines in Tropical Pacific OHC .
Cell C calls attention to the upward surges ( steps ) in Tropical Pacific OHC that occurred during the multiyear La Nina events that followed the 1972/73 and 1997/98 El Nino events .
And Cell D highlights a curious rise in Tropical Pacific OHC that occurred in the few years leading up to the 1997/98 El Nino .
I have searched for but have not found any scientific paper that discusses this sudden surge that fueled the 1997/98 El Nino .
http://i36.tinypic.com/dpzu6h.gif
Figure 9
Links to the individual cells of Figure 9 :
Link to Figure 9 Cell A :
http://i33.tinypic.com/2gwys1t.png
Link to Figure 9 Cell B :
http://i37.tinypic.com/kamom.png
Link to Figure 9 Cell C :
http://i35.tinypic.com/w075g6.png
Link to Figure 9 Cell D :
http://i34.tinypic.com/10e28ic.png
An additional note about Figure 9 : Note how the OHC dips during the El Nino events and rebounds during the La Nina events .
The El Nino discharges heat from the Tropical Pacific , and the La Nina recharges the heat .
This is accomplished by variations in total cloud amount .
If the La Nina is not being impacted by volcanic aerosols and if the La Nina lasts for more than one year , ocean heat content rises above its previous level , creating the upward step .
The changes in Tropical Cloud Amount Percentage mimic NINO3.4 SST anomalies .
Refer to Figure 10 .
That is , when NINO3.4 SST anomalies rise , Tropical Pacific Cloud Amount increases , and when NINO3.4 SST anomalies drop during the La Nina phase , Tropical Pacific Cloud Amount decreases .
Less cloud cover means more downward shortwave radiation ( visible sunlight ) is able to warm the Tropical Pacific .
In Cell C of Figure 10 , the sudden drop in Tropical Pacific Cloud Amount in 1995 is highlighted .
As noted above , it appears this decline in cloud amount fueled the 1997/98 El Nino .
http://i37.tinypic.com/24wztqe.gif
Figure 10
Links to the individual cells of Figure 10 :
Link to Figure 10 Cell A :
http://i35.tinypic.com/4rxele.jpg
Link to Figure 10 Cell B :
http://i36.tinypic.com/2z4d6hc.jpg
Link to Figure 10 Cell C :
http://i36.tinypic.com/34obno7.jpg
NATURAL VARIATIONS IN THE NORTH ATLANTIC SST ALSO CONTRIBUTED TO THE DIFFERENCE IN GLOBAL TEMPERATURE BETWEEN THE 1990s AND THE 2000s
The SST anomalies of the North Atlantic Ocean are also impacted by another natural variable , the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation or AMO .
The AMO is a semi-periodic variation ( 50 to 80 years ) in the SST anomalies of the North Atlantic that has its basis in Thermohaline Circulation ( THC ) or Atlantic Meridional Overturning Circulation ( AMOC ) .
These variations are visible in the reconstruction of North Atlantic SST from 1567 to 1990 , Figure 11 .
This dataset was created by Gray et al ( 2004 ) “ Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation ( AMO ) Index Reconstruction ” .
( IGBP PAGES / World Data Center for Paleoclimatology Data Contribution Series # 2004-062 .
NOAA / NGDC Paleoclimatology Program , Boulder CO , USA . )
http://i36.tinypic.com/wld5kl.jpg
Figure 11
For the period of the instrument temperature record , the AMO is presented as detrended North Atlantic SST anomalies .
Refer to Figure 12 , which is also a .gif animation .
Cell A of Figure 12 illustrates the AMO data calculated by the NOAA Earth System Research Laboratory ( ESRL ) from January 1956 to March 2009 .
The data has been smoothed with a 37 - month filter to remove the noise .
Cell B notes that the AMO is a naturally occurring variation in the SST anomalies of the North Atlantic .
And Cell C illustrates the average AMO SST values for the 1990s and the 2000s .
The difference between these two averages represents the contribution of the AMO to the rise in North Atlantic SST Anomalies from the 1990s to the 2000s .
Keep in mind that , while the North Atlantic covers only a surface area that is approximately 15 % of the global oceans , the AMO is also known to also impact the surface temperatures of Europe and North America and the SST of the Eastern Tropical Pacific .
http://i38.tinypic.com/oj4bqg.gif
Figure 12
Links to the individual cells of Figure 12 :
Link to Figure 12 Cell A :
http://i37.tinypic.com/mwqeqh.jpg
Link to Figure 12 Cell B :
http://i34.tinypic.com/kaqtjq.jpg
Link to Figure 12 Cell C :
http://i35.tinypic.com/2gtddn7.jpg
CLOSING
There is little doubt that the decade of the 2000s will have higher land surface , sea surface , and lower troposphere temperature anomalies than the 1990s .
There will be those who will wrongly attribute the rise from decade to decade to anthropogenic greenhouse gases , when it is very apparent that the actual cause is the lingering effects of the 1997/98 El Nino event .
Attempts will be made to contradict the obvious by those who fail to acknowledge or comprehend the multiyear aftereffects of significant traditional El Nino events .
They will present numerous unfounded arguments .
Here are a few that have been tried .
Argument 1 : The short - term global warming of El Nino events are countered by the short - term global cooling of the La Nina events that follow them .
What The Instrument Temperature Record Shows :
That ’s true for only parts of the globe and for some El Nino events .
It is not true , however , for the SST anomalies of the East Indian and West Pacific Oceans and for the TLT anomalies of the Mid-To - High Latitudes of the Northern Hemisphere .
Refer to Figures 4 and 8 .
The effects of the 1986/87/88 and the 1997/98 El Nino lingered through the La Nina events that followed them in those datasets .
This created the appearance of gradual rises in global SST and TLT anomalies .
Argument 2 : Global warming caused by anthropogenic greenhouse gases is responsible for the increase in the number of major El Nino events since 1975 .
( This argument is normally made by someone referring to an ENSO Index that starts in 1950 . )
What The Instrument Temperature Record Shows :
There are multidecadal variations in the frequency and magnitude of ENSO events .
This can be seen by smoothing the NINO3.4 SST anomalies from 1870 to 2009 with a 121 - month filter .
Refer to Figure 13 .
During epochs when the frequency and magnitude of El Nino events outweigh the frequency and magnitude of La Nina events , global temperatures rise .
And during epochs when the frequency and magnitude of La Nina events outweigh the frequency and magnitude of El Nino events , global temperatures drop .
http://i43.tinypic.com/33agh3c.jpg
Figure 13
Argument 3 : El Nino events do n’t create heat .
What The Instrument Temperature Record Shows : During El Nino events , warm water that had been stored below the surface of the western tropical Pacific ( in the Pacific Warm Pool ) sloshes to the east and rises to the surface .
Tropical Pacific SST anomalies increase in response .
In this way , more heat than normal is released from the tropical Pacific to the atmosphere .
But El Nino events not only release heat into the atmosphere , they also shift atmospheric circulation patterns ( Hadley and Walker Circulation , surface winds , cloud cover ) .
These shifts in the circulation patterns and cloud cover cause surface temperatures and OHC outside of the tropical Pacific to rise .
It is important to note that the vast majority of the warm water that sloshes east during the El Nino had been stored below the surface before the El Nino .
While below the surface ( to depths of 300 meters ) it was not included in the instrument temperature record .
But during the El Nino , that warm water has been relocated to the surface and is included in the surface temperature record .
So , El Nino events relocate warm water from an area that was not included in the calculation of global temperature to the surface where it is included .
Argument 4 : Climate models used by the IPCC reproduce these El Nino - induced step changes .
What The Climate Models Show : Most of the climate models ( GCMs ) used by the IPCC in AR4 for hindcasting 20th Century climate do not bother to model ENSO .
Those that make the effort do not model it well .
The frequency , magnitudes , linear trends , and multiyear aftereffects of those models do not match the surface temperature record .
The step changes that exist in the instrument temperature record , which are the bases for the much of the rises in global temperatures , do not exist in the model outputs of the 20th century .
If and when GCMs can reproduce the past frequency and magnitude of ENSO events , if and when GCMs can reproduce the multiyear aftereffects of ENSO events , which are these El Nino - induced step changes ( including the ones that also appear in the OHC records ) , then GCMs may have some predictive value .
At present they cannot reproduce ENSO or its multiyear aftereffects .
At present they have no value .
This failure of GCMs to properly account for the multiyear impacts of major El Nino events ( and other natural variables such as the North Atlantic Oscillation ) can be seen in a graph of the actual rise in global OHC versus the projected rise forecast by GISS , Figure 14 .
The GCM used by GISS based its projection on the rise in Ocean Heat Content during the 1990s , assuming the trend would continue at that pace .
But during the 1990s , the vast majority of the rise in OHC was caused by the combined effects of ENSO and the North Atlantic Oscillation , and these are natural variables that the GISS GCM did not model .
Since 2003 , Global Ocean Heat Content has been relatively flat , while the GISS projection reaches to unrealized levels .
http://i37.tinypic.com/i6xtnl.png
Figure 14
LINKS TO MORE DETAILED DISCUSSIONS
The upward step changes in the SST anomalies of the East Indian and West Pacific Oceans were discussed in the following posts :
1.Can El Nino Events Explain
All of the Global Warming Since 1976 ?
– Part 1
2.Can El Nino Events Explain
All of the Global Warming Since 1976 ?
– Part 2
And I discussed the step changes in the Mid-To - High Latitudes of the Northern Hemisphere in the post RSS MSU TLT Time - Latitude Plots … Show Climate Responses That Cannot Be Easily Illustrated With Time - Series Graphs Alone .
The erroneous assumption that the relationship between ENSO and global temperatures is linear was discussed in the following posts :
1.Multiple Wrongs Do n’t Make A Right , Especially When It Comes To Determining The Impacts Of ENSO
2.Regression Analyses Do Not Capture The Multiyear Aftereffects Of Significant El Nino Events
3. The Relationship Between ENSO And Global Surface Temperature Is Not Linear
This link discusses and illustrates that El Nino Events Are Not Getting Stronger .
The impacts of natural variables ( ENSO and NAO ) on Ocean Heat Content were discussed in the following posts :
1.ENSO Dominates NODC Ocean Heat Content ( 0 - 700 Meters ) Data
2.North Atlantic Ocean Heat Content ( 0 - 700 Meters ) Is Governed By Natural Variables
3.NODC Corrections to Ocean Heat Content ( 0-700 m ) Part 2
Refer also to La Nina Events Are Not The Opposite Of El Nino Events .
The curious drop in cloud amount in 1995 and its possible impact on the 1997/98 El Nino is discussed further in Did A Decrease In Total Cloud Amount Fuel The 1997/98 El Nino ?
LINK TO LEVITUS ET AL ( 2009 )
I referred to the Levitus et al ( 2009 ) paper “ Global Ocean Heat Content 1955 - 2008 in light of recently revealed instrumentation problems ” .
Here ’s a link to the paper :
ftp://ftp.nodc.noaa.gov/pub/data.nodc/woa/PUBLICATIONS/grlheat08.pdf
PAPERS THAT PORTRAY A LINEAR RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN ENSO AND GLOBAL TEMPERATURES
In a good portion of this post , I ’ve illustrated that the relationship between ENSO and global temperatures is not linear .
The following is a list of papers that portray a linear relationship even though the instrument temperature record indicates otherwise .
There are likely more of them in existence , and there will likely be more of them in the future .
Lean and Rind ( 2008 ) , How Natural and Anthropogenic Influences Alter Global and Regional Surface Temperatures : 1889 to 2006
http://pubs.giss.nasa.gov/docs/2008/2008_Lean_Rind.pdf
Lean and Rind ( 2009 ) , How Will Earth ’s Surface Temperature Change in Future Decades ?
http://pubs.giss.nasa.gov/docs/2009/2009_Lean_Rind.pdfSanter, B.D. , Wigley , T.M.L. , Doutriaux , C. , Boyle , J.S. , Hansen , J.E. , Jones , P.D. , Meehl , G.A. , Roeckner , E. , Sengupta , S. , and Taylor K.E. ( 2001 ) , Accounting for the effects of volcanoes and ENSO in comparisons of modeled and observed temperature trends
http://pubs.giss.nasa.gov/docs/2001/2001_Santer_etal.pdfThompson, D. W. J. , J. J. Kennedy , J. M. Wallace , and P. D. Jones ( 2008 ) , A large discontinuity in the mid-twentieth century in observed global - mean surface temperature
http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v453/n7195/abs/nature06982.html
Thompson et al ( 2009 ) , Identifying signatures of natural climate variability in time series of global - mean surface temperature : Methodology and Insights
http://ams.allenpress.com/perlserv/?request=get-abstract&doi=10.1175%2F2009JCLI3089.1
Preprint Version : http://www.atmos.colostate.edu/ao/ThompsonPapers/TWJK_JClimate2009_revised.pdf
Trenberth , K.E. , J.M. Caron , D.P.Stepaniak , and S.Worley , ( 2002 ) , Evolution of El Nino - Southern Oscillation and global atmospheric surface temperatures
http://www.cgd.ucar.edu/cas/papers/2000JD000298.pdfWigley, T. M. L. ( 2000 ) , ENSO , volcanoes , and record - breaking temperatures
http://www.agu.org/pubs/crossref/2000/2000GL012159.shtml
SOURCES
OI .v2 SST data is available through the NOAA NOMADS website :
http://nomad3.ncep.noaa.gov/cgi-bin/pdisp_sst.sh?lite=
Sato Index data is available from GISS : http://data.giss.nasa.gov/modelforce/strataer/tau_line.txt
The AMO data is available through the NOAA ESRL website :
http://www.cdc.noaa.gov/data/correlation/amon.us.long.data
The RSS TLT data is available here : http://www.remss.com/data/msu/monthly_time_series/RSS_Monthly_MSU_AMSU_Channel_TLT_Anomalies_Land_and_Ocean_v03_2.txt
HADISST data ( Used in Figure 13 ) NODC OHC data and ISCCP Total Cloud Amount data is available through the KNMI Climate Explorer website :
http://climexp.knmi.nl/selectfield_obs.cgi?someone@somewhere
The data for the North Atlantic SST Reconstruction is available through the NCDC ’s World Data Center for Paleoclimatology :
ftp://ftp.ncdc.noaa.gov/pub/data/paleo/treering/reconstructions/amo-gray2004.txt
For those who want to verify the outputs of the GCMs used by the IPCC , refer to the KNMI Climate Explorer webpage here :
http://climexp.knmi.nl/selectfield_co2.cgi?someone@somewhere
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Disaster may be brewing - or not - in beer - loving Belgium , where supplies of two of the country 's most famous beers may be down to the last dregs .
An industrial dispute over planned job cuts means a blockade is threatening supplies of Stella Artois and Leffe .
A week - long blockade has stopped any beer from leaving the Leuven headquarters of Anheuser - Busch InBev , the world 's biggest brewing company .
Belgian supermarkets and bars have warned stocks are running low .
The unions are protesting against the company 's plans to cut more than 250 of 2,700 jobs in Belgium , and so far talks aimed at resolving the dispute have got nowhere .
But there is no need for beer - lovers to panic just yet , says the BBC's Dominic Hughes in Brussels :
There are probably around 125 breweries in Belgium producing around 800 standard beers .
Add in special one - off brews , and some experts believe there could be more than 8,000 beers .
No small beer
Anheuser - Busch InBev announced this week a plan to cut 800 jobs across western Europe , 10 % of its 8,000 workforce in the region .
Stella Artois is one of the firm 's biggest - selling brands
The firm said the move was a response to falling beer sales , with the layoffs spread across Belgium , Germany , the UK , the Netherlands and Luxembourg .
The news triggered protests at the firm 's brewery in the Belgian town of Leuven , where it also has its headquarters .
Anheuser - Busch InBev was formed in 2008 when Belgium - based InBev bought Anheuser - Busch , the owner of Budweiser , and the largest brewer in the US .
InBev itself was formed in 2004 when Belgian Interbrew merged with Brazil 's AmBev .
Click to viewWalt Mossberg was able to get a moment with Steve Jobs immediately after Wednesday 's iPad event , and scored some great unscripted commentary from the Apple honcho on the iPad and its competition .
Advertisement
The interview portion starts at 1:55 .
Most impressive to me is how dismissive jobs is of the only clear advantages Kindle has right now .
10 hours of battery life versus a week on Kindle ?
Ptttthhhhppptt .
" You 're not going to read for 10 hours . "
And yes , he is talking to you , specifically .
Kindle books currently priced five dollars less than iBooks ?
HA !
" The prices will be the same , " although what that price will be and how that gap will be closed remain a mystery .
But it 's been decreed , so there you go .
My other favorite part is Jobs encouraging Mossberg to write his review on a tablet , which is something we knew would happen , and which would also likely take months to accomplish .
[ All Things D ]
Gregory deGouveia has designed a bicycle that rolls on two car wheels .
According to the creator , the Kitten took about two weeks to complete .
The bike was built because the wheels were free .
It ’s excessive and inefficient – it ’s sort of the anti-bike .
Welcome to Company of Heroes : Eastern Front !
Eastern Front is a free mod for Company of Heroes .
Following the ethos of mimicking a Relic Entertainment expansion pack , Eastern Front has succeeded in adding a full Soviet faction packed with unique and exciting units to the existing armie as well as the rugged Ostheer - a unique new Axis faction who was designed from the ground up to counter the Soviets s - a feat never before achieved in the Company of Heroes world .
We are constantly working to improve Eastern Front ; our dedicated and experienced development team has worked on the mod for three years , and we do n't intend to stop yet .
The future will bring new campaigns , new reward units , further game mechanics and an overall better experience .
Special thanks to everybody who made this mod possible , including our supporters .
Extra Special
Thanks to Christian Werner von Schlippenbach and Loran Dennis Kornis , much admired fellow modders who contributed so much .
May you Rest in Peace friends .
DOWNLOADING EASTERN FRONT
Before downloading Eastern Front , please ensure that you have Company of Heroes patched to 2.700 , this is vital as the mod relies on certain features from this latest patch .
All future updates will be applied automatically through the Launcher .
- Does NOT require an existing Eastern Front install -
- Requires Company of Heroes ver. 2.700.2.42 -
NOTE # 1 : Relic integrated Steamworks on Company of Heroes and turned off
the old servers since May 7th , 2013 , this means the retail version is no
longer officially supported by them , so from now on , Eastern Front
can be played only with the new Steam version of CoH which
appears listed as " Company of Heroes ( New Steam Version ) "
in your Steam library .
You can add your old CoH key in
Steam , for more information please read this .
NOTE # 2 : Eastern Front mod can be played in any CoH game
that is updated up to version 2.602 .
But you need to
install the compatibility fix for 2.602 in order to
not get a crash .
If you install this fix in any
other version of CoH that is not 2.602
your mod will crash .
We do not
support development for this
version of EF , so play
it at your own risk .
Problems , Issues and Bugs will get lost on our ModDB homepage .
We are warning you now that your query may not be answered by an Eastern Front developer if you post it below .
We have probably already found an answer to your problem , so please follow this link to find the solution that works for you .
Images on this site are for educational purposes only .
Five times larger than the Titanic , Royal Caribbean ’s Oasis of the Seas is the world ’s largest passenger vessel ever built .
Oasis left her shipyard in Finland on Friday ( Oct. 30 , 2009 ) and is set to arrive at her home , Port Everglades , in Fort Lauderdale , Florida on November 20th .
With her Maiden voyage set for December 5th , let ’s take a closer look at this $ 1.5 billion behemoth of the seas .
HISTORY
The vessel was ordered in February 2006 and designed under the name “ Project Genesis ” .
Its keel was laid down on November 12th , 2007 at STX Europe in Turku , Finland .
The company announced that full funding for Oasis of the Seas was secured on April 15th , 2009 .
The name , Oasis of the Seas resulted from a ship - naming competition in May of 2008 .
MEET THE SEVEN NEIGHBOURHOODS
The Oasis of the Seas will include a new concept in cruise ship design — one that bears resemblance to theme park planning .
She will have seven ‘ neighbourhoods ’ on board , each with its own distinct characteristics .
Boardwalk
The Royal Promenade
Central Park
The Vitality at Sea Spa and Fitness Center
The Pool and Sports Zone
The Entertainment Place
The Youth Zone
* Is it just me or do the last four areas not really have a ‘ neighbourhood ’ feel with their namesake ?
NOTABLE HIGHLIGHTS
– The AquaTheater is an outdoor venue at the stern of Oasis of the Seas with a backdrop of the ocean across the horizon .
The AquaTheater Pool will be the largest and deepest freshwater pool at sea at 21.9 feet ( 6.6 meters ) by 51.6 feet wide ( 15.7 meters ) , with a depth of 17.9 feet ( 5.4 meters )
– Fitted with three stage machinery devices , the pool ’s depth will rise or fall to meet the needs of each performance and for its various functions throughout the day .
Three custom lifts built into the pool will allow for intricate and multilevel performances , and underwater cameras will film performers and project images onto two giant LED screens that will flank the stage
– A first - ever and one - of - a- kind sea carousel will be the centerpiece of the Boardwalk .
The full - sized , traditional carousel will feature 21 figures suspended from stainless steel poles
– A zip line , suspended nine decks above Boardwalk .
Adventurers will take in a birds - eye view of the action below , as the rider speeds diagonally across the open air atrium – a distance of more than 82 feet ( 25 meters )
– Central Park will be located on Deck 8 ( of 16 ) of the ship , with dimensions of 62 feet ( 19 meters ) wide and 328 feet ( 100 meters ) long .
The Central Park Neighborhood will be the first ever living park at sea , with 12,175 plants , 62
vine plants , 56 trees and bamboo , some over 24 feet ( 7.3 meters ) in length
– The Oasis of the Seas will feature 4 pools and 10 whirlpools , there are also several vantage points of Central Park from the pool areas .
The Beach Pool is intended to have a beach theme , the typical H2O Zone , a giant octopus and other water features .
There is also a main pool , surrounded by 3 bars in the pool area
– The sports deck will feature : basketball courts , two flowriders ( wave pools ) , two rock walls , and mini-golf
– The Entertainment Place will feature an ice skating rink , a large casino , the Opal Theater ( main theater ) , and some other theaters that will include dance lessons and competitions
– The 28 contemporary two - level loft suites will feature spectacular views of the ocean with floor - to - ceiling , double - height windows to ensure the view will be enjoyed from each and every vantage point
– Each loft will measure 545 square feet ( 51 square meters ) or larger ( over 1,600 sq ft ) and will be fitted with a Caribbean influence .
The design will include an upper - level bedroom that overlooks the living area below and extended ocean views
CONSTRUCTION FACTS
– 181 grand blocks were used to construct Oasis of the Seas , each block weighed appx .
1,200,00 lbs. ( 600 metric tons )
– 150 miles ( 241 km ) of piping throughout
– 3,300 miles ( 5310 km ) of electrical cables throughout
– 158,503 gallons ( 600,000 litres ) of paint were used
– Oasis was constructed out of 500,000 individual steel parts
– It took approximately 8,000 work years of labour to build Oasis of the Seas
– There were more than 3,200 workers at any given time helping build Oasis of the Seas
SPECS AND RANDOM FACTS
– 225,282 GRT ( Gross registered tonnage ) , 1,187 feet ( 360 meters ) long , 208 feet ( 65 meters ) wide , and approximately 20 storeys high
– Cruising speed of 22.6 knots
– 16 passenger decks , 24 passenger elevators , and 4 bow thrusters with 7,500 horse power each
– 5,400 guests ( double occupancy ) , 6,296 guests ( total ) , and 2,165 crew members ( from over 65 countries )
– 7,000 works of specially commissioned art
– 5,070,632 lbs. ( 2,300 tonnes ) of water in the 21 swimming pools and jacuzzis
– 110,231 lbs. ( 50 tonnes ) of ice cubes made every day
– 4,700,000 lbs. ( 2,350 metric tons ) of fresh water consumption per 24 hours
– Diameters of the propellers are 20 feet ( 6.1. meters )
All information courtesy of : www.oasisoftheseas.com
For more information , videos , and images , as well as the latest updates , please visit their official site
VIDEOS
If you enjoyed this article , the Sifter highly recommends : What Costs $ 1.3 Billion , Holds 111,000 people and Has the World ’s Biggest TV ?
Merritt Island football legends team up to help friend with COVID
An incredibly thoughtful gift from an amazing santa !
My santa went through my history ( dating back to my first comment ever ) and discovered that I was in the need of a new hard science fiction novel to start reading .
She purchased me the perfect book to fill my need .
Ontop of that , she noticed that I got a nook for christmas from my significant other , ( i had mentioned it previously ) and she got me a giftcard to get ebooks !
Finally , my favorite , a bumper sticker that says " Someone in NJ loves me ! "
Thank you santa !
You really made my day .
( Btw , beautiful wrapping )
Michael Muller
Beneath a big tent hastily erected on a roof behind the Staples Center in downtown Los Angeles , a collection of modern gladiators gathers behind a portable stage , twenty - two broken noses and sets of cauliflower ears standing in a reverent semicircle around a familiar pug — the former bar bouncer , hotel bellhop , and personal fitness trainer who has , over the past decade , helped to turn the Ultimate Fighting Championship into a $ 1 billion business with fans across the globe .
They are a fearsome - looking bunch — from six - eleven Dutch submission expert Stefan Struve to five - seven crowd favorite Joe " Daddy " Stevenson — all of them having just stripped to their skivvies for the prefight weigh - in , witnessed by three thousand raucous and mesmerized superfans from the coveted eighteen - to - forty - nine demographic , males and females both .
There will be eleven bouts tomorrow night in the Octagon , the distinctive eight - sided ring with its black chain - link fence to contain the mayhem .
Two of the fights will play free on Spike TV — part of UFC 's fan - friendly marketing approach .
Five will be seen exclusively on pay - per-view , including the main event , a light - heavyweight championship bout between Mauricio " Shogun " Rua and reigning champ Lyoto " the Dragon " Machida — two prime - time Brazilians with matinee - idol looks and savage fighting styles .
Sixteen thousand will attend the Saturday - night event , styled UFC 104 ; ticket prices run from $ 50 to $ 600 .
There can be no value placed on a seat in the celebrity section , where Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher will rub shoulders with Anthony Kiedis , Everlast , Will.i.am , Jaime Pressly , David Spade , much of the entire cast of Dancing with the Stars , and even Janet Jackson , whose brother Michael was a huge UFC fan .
He once attended a match in a wheelchair , disguised as an old man .
The guy at the center is Dana White .
Equal parts Don King , Oliver Twist , and South Boston gym rat , he is the heart and soul of the UFC — a man who is living his adolescent dreams .
He is forty years old , five - eleven , 205 ; his strength as an amateur boxer , he says , was his ability to take a punch .
He still benches 340 , though the six - pack is a memory .
He wears a T - shirt and ripped jeans , a colorful pair of low - top Pumas .
His head is stubble - shaved , as are his meaty forearms , " cause i'm a fukn gorilla , " he will later text .
Fifteen years ago ,
White was riding his bike through the slushy winter streets of Boston with eighty pounds of equipment in a hockey bag on his back , going from gym to gym to train his fitness clients .
A little more than ten years ago , Senator John McCain compared mixed martial arts to cockfighting .
It was officially shunned , if not banned outright , in virtually every state .
Today MMA fighting is sanctioned in forty - two states , soon to be forty - seven .
There is a UFC magazine , a best - selling UFC video game , UFC action figures and trading cards .
Nine UFC
Gyms will be opened this year in partnership with the founder of 24 Hour Fitness .
White flies around in one of several company jets , stays in palatial suites at luxury hotels .
Beneath the company offices in Las Vegas , he keeps a stable of exotic cars .
His thoughts on Twitter are followed by more than 800,000 people ; another 100,000 follow his madcap video blogs ; millions more see him on The Ultimate Fighter , a reality show on Spike TV .
Scores of news outlets , from Yahoo !
Sports and ESPN to the more esoteric FiveKnuckles.com , follow his every move .
His partners , the Fertitta brothers , whom he has known since before he was kicked out of Las Vegas 's Bishop Gorman High School ( for accidentally almost hitting a nun with his shoe , which had flown off his foot when he kicked the classroom door open ) , are the billionaire owners of eighteen properties in Vegas .
According to the dispute - resolution clause in their contract , disagreements between Frank and Lorenzo Fertitta are to be resolved via a " Sport Jiu- Jitsu match , " three five - minute rounds , refereed by White and " decided by submission or points . "
" I wanna welcome you guys , " White says warmly to the gathered .
Along with his partner Lorenzo and his matchmaker , Joe Silva , White has helped to engineer every one of the upcoming fights .
In the early days of the UFC , the matchup idea was style versus style :
How would a boxer fare against a wrestler ?
Today , all the fighters practice mixed martial arts — a little bit of everything , from muay Thai to wrasslin ' .
Unlike boxers , they fight every few weeks .
White estimates that eighteen of his ultimate fighters earn in the millions per annum .
Many others make in the hundreds of thousands of dollars .
New guys make fifty to seventy - five , " depending where you are in the pecking order . "
" Here 's how it works , " White says — he speaks with the tough - guy inflection of a blue - collar know - it - all .
" There 's gonna be a lot of people there tomorrow , and they wanna see you guys fight .
So fight .
Let it go .
Fight to fuckin ' win .
Bonuses are sixty grand .
I 'll give $ 60,000 each to the two guys involved in the best fight of the night .
I 'll give sixty K for the best knockout .
And sixty thousand for the best submission .
You can win both .
You can be involved in the best fight of the night and also win the knockout or submission . "
Claps and whistles .
The men look around at one another approvingly .
" Did n't that happen last time ? " Joe Daddy asks .
" That 's right , " White says .
When he smiles , his mouth sags slightly on the lower right side — the result , he says , of a fight in his youth with a pair of twin neighbors .
He had one of them pinned on the ground when the other hit him in the face with a shovel .
Joe Silva mentions the name of the fighter who won the double bonus — Rick " Horror " Story , a former all - American wrestler at Southern Oregon University .
" You call that a good day , " he says .
" He was making five and five , " White says , meaning $ 5,000 to show up and $ 5,000 to win .
" And he ended up walking with an extra $ 130,000 , " Silva says .
Hoots and applause .
" Wow , Dana , have you been lifting weights ? "
This is Joe Daddy again .
A short guy with veiny arms and swollen , stick - out ears , he brings to mind a cinnamon - colored Hulk .
His sweet smile and raspy , childlike voice do n't match at all .
" You look huge , " he tells the boss .
" There 's no drug testing for promoters , " Silva laughs .
" No brownnosing , " White admonishes .
He flexes his biceps — more hoots and jeers .
There are deep sweat stains under his arms and sweat streams down his head ; he is fighting a losing battle with the flu .
Now Silva steps forward .
A small man with a thin mustache , he 's the one who finalizes the details of the fights .
He looks around the semicircle ominously .
" The absolute worst part of my job is having to cut people , " he says .
" I have to cut people after every show , that 's just how it goes .
But I do n't judge you on wins and losses .
What I do care about is a great fight .
If you fight your ass off , if you go out there and go to war , I 'm gonna give you another shot .
If you go out there and your fight sucks , you 're probably not coming back .
So please fight hard . "
A hush falls over the group .
White nods approval to his minion ... and then he aims his face toward his fighters and rolls his eyes —
Gawd , can you believe this pencil - neck geek ?
" On a better note , " White sings sardonically , breaking the tension , causing everyone to laugh , " have a great night you guys .
Go eat and drink , rest and relax .
We 'll see you tomorrow . "
Courtesy of UFC
A black escalade with oversized rims arrives to collect White and his entourage .
The cobbled driveway of the Montage Beverly Hills is chockablock with exotic horsepower .
It is Saturday , late morning .
The fight is tonight .
Like fans undertaking a road trip , they pack the back compartment with dress clothes and a cooler full of refreshments .
Riding shotgun is Tom Page , director of security , an affable retired Las Vegas cop with a thick white pompadour .
White sits behind the driver ; behind him is Bob Moore , forty - three , from Southie and a former training client .
At one time Moorzo may or may not have had dealings with the mob .
As he says , " Back in the old neighborhood , you either swim with the sharks or you 're fuckin ' bait . "
Next to him , at a perfect vantage point to capture
White 's every move and snippet of commentary , is Elliott Raymond , thirty .
He showed up a few years ago to shoot some photos of White for a car magazine and basically never left .
Like his boss , Raymond is the son of a single mom who worked in health care to support her only son .
( Raymond 's mom was an EMT ; White 's was a nurse . )
Like his boss , Raymond had an absentee dad .
( Raymond 's was a state trooper ; White 's was a firefighter with a penchant for drink . )
And like his boss , who hails from Ware , Massachusetts , Raymond has come a long way from his roots , in his case a small town in northwest New Mexico .
Because they fly ungodly distances every year producing shows and spreading the word , the guys have about them the going - nowhere - fast air of professional travelers .
A second cooler , stored in the passenger space , holds fluids and flu medications .
Raymond pours a tube of raspberry Emergen - C into a bottle of Smartwater and hands it to White .
The schedule is packed with interviews and other prefight obligations , but first there will be lunch at the Peninsula hotel .
White needs a big bowl of the chicken soup — the best in town , he says , taking another swig of his pink - tinted water .
There is a lull in the cabin while everyone checks their phones .
White has three — an old flip phone , a BlackBerry , and a $ 10,000 TAG
Heuer that he is ready to throw out the window for lack of reception ; he only bought it because everyone was giving him shit for having such a cheap flip phone .
( A 10 percent owner of UFC , he 's worth something like $ 200 million . )
White gives out his telephone number to everyone .
He answers everyone 's texts , from the actor Lee Majors , who used to play the Six Million Dollar Man , to Jesus Castillo , UFC fan from the Inland Empire .
" Can you believe I lost ten pounds ? "
White says , looking up from one of his devices .
" How do you keep a virus ?
I 'm not taking any more medicine , man .
I 'm gonna try and keep this thing as long as I can and lose some weight . "
" You can start licking people 's palms , " Raymond suggests .
" Nasty ! " Moorzo says .
Everybody cracks up .
" I fuckin ' lost ten pounds after I went in that porta - potty yesterday , " White says , recalling the portable facility he visited behind the big top after his talk with the fighters .
" I seriously thought I was gonna puke . "
" You have to wonder , " says Raymond , the artsy - philosophical one in the bunch , " who takes a shit in a porta - potty ? "
" I have no problem dumping in a porta - potty , " Moorzo says unequivocally in his thick Southie drawl .
" After that $ 1,200 room - service bill , do you doubt it ? "
White asks .
It 's a running joke — Moorzo's $ 1,200 room - service bill at the Peninsula hotel in New York .
( " It did n't even include the breakfasts , lunches , and dinners he ate with everybody else , " White says . )
Moorzo was one of White 's first clients , twenty dollars an hour to train at his gym in South Boston , a nonprofit where street kids were taught to box .
The personal fitness clients kept the place afloat .
Moorzo eventually lost a hundred pounds .
These days he 's down to a steady 210 .
" I 've gone home with dye stained on my underwear from backsplash , " Moorzo offers .
White makes a disgusted face .
" TMI , dude , " Raymond says .
" Depth charge ! " Moorzo calls .
" Never mind lunch , " White groans , only half joking .
" Let 's go straight to the venue . "
After a meal , there must be Pinkberry .
White orders his regular : a large cup of original flavor topped with Fruity Pebbles .
Moorzo orders his regular : a taste .
" How come you never fuckin ' get your own serving ? "
White asks , every time .
" I'm on a fuckin ' diet , " Moorzo explains , every time .
" Order some more room service , " White suggests .
Fans approach .
White talks to them with his mouth full , sends them to Tom the cop for free tickets .
Tom pulls the stack from the back right pocket of his blue jeans like a greaser going for his comb .
" What do you need ? " he asks .
" Two together ?
Three ? "
He fans out the tickets like a deck of golden cards , looking for just the right seats .
Raymond shoots everything .
The results are edited and posted late at night , comic minimovies about White 's life , viewed by a hundred thousand people .
Often , when there is a big fight upcoming , White likes to Twitter where he 'll be so people can meet him and win free tickets .
So far this weekend , he has given out two thousand free tickets .
All the recipients are grateful and overwhelmed .
To meet such a huge media celebrity !
And so normal .
Bro! Dude !
" You seem just like a regular person , " one girl tells him as he signs her T - shirt .
Another guy chokes up while telling
White about losing his job : " These tickets are the best thing that 's happened to me in two years . "
White does n't know what to say to that .
He gives the guy a strong soul shake followed by a hug .
Now he lifts a spoonful to his mouth , savoring the tangy taste .
" Lemme tell you when I started goofing around with Twitter , " he says .
" Lemme fuckin ' lay this out for you .
" I 'm in New York City .
It 's 10:30 on a Monday night in midtown Manhattan .
It 's raining .
And it 's a Jewish holiday , okay ?
As you know , I 'm a Pinkberry freak .
I like to have my Pinkberry .
I have this one store in midtown Manhattan that will stay open for me late .
I just have to call and let them know , and after I have dinner , I always go there and eat Pinkberry , right ?
So this one time I 'm like , ' Let 's just fuck around here and try something . '
I Twitter my people .
I say , ' Meet me at Pinkberry in midtown Manhattan .
I got tickets to the fight if you guys want to go . '
" So you 've been to New York enough , right ?
People do n't give a fuck about anything in New York .
I 've never seen a city where people just do n't fucking care — Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie can be walking down the street holding hands and people could care less , you know ?
They take shit in stride .
" I 'm twenty minutes late showing up to Pinkberry .
The fucking place is packed .
There 's people everywhere .
I get out of the car and everybody starts cheering and going crazy .
I look at the police and I 'm like , ' Are you guys mad ? '
And they 're like , ' We did n't believe you were coming . '
I get out , I sign autographs , take pictures .
We hand out like a zillion tickets .
We 're there for two hours .
" And this is the craziest fucking thing about this whole story :
Not only is it Monday night , raining , in midtown Manhattan on a Jewish holiday , I 'm giving away tickets to a fight in fucking Los Angeles . "
He shakes his head abashedly —
Shit , man , I can't believe it either .
" Look at my arm , " he says , offering up his big , stubbled salami of a forearm .
" I get chills just talking about this . "
Michael Muller
A swirling , hypnotic carnal atmosphere prevails inside the Staples Center .
Huge screens run footage and interviews , beautifully produced in - house by the UFC 's parent company , Zuffa , an Italian word meaning " melee . "
Music pounds at shattering volume from special high - powered speakers overhead , a mix of rock and hip - hop that readjusts the rhythm of your heart .
Celebrities laugh and preen inside the velvet ropes ; fans from all strata strut the concourse between matches , seeing and being seen ; the alcohol and nachos flow .
Down in the Octagon , the fighters come two by two , carved and thickly muscled .
There is much kicking and punching , much grappling on the mat .
Pounding fists , spurting blood , flying sweat , arms and legs twisted in wrong directions ; the sickening rolled - back eyeballs of a man being choked , followed by the frantic tapping hand , the tap out , a cry of uncle to stop the match .
White patrols the territory ringside in a Tom Ford suit , welcoming VIPs , signing autographs , putting out fires .
At the start of each round , he returns to his place at a table where there is a monitor and headset so he can listen to the live broadcast .
He watches his fighters raptly , grimacing with each elbow and roundhouse like everyone else in the joint .
Like a kid in his room with a boxful of action figures , he has willed this spectacle into reality .
As it happened , we 're here tonight because White , a lifelong boxing fan , had become fascinated with jujitsu — an ancient form of combat developed around the principle of using an attacker 's energy against him , rather than directly opposing it .
One night at the Hard Rock Hotel in Vegas , White met an MMA fighter who specialized in the discipline .
In short order White had himself and both Fertitta brothers signed up for lessons .
" We got fucking psychotic about it , " White recalls .
" We started training three , four days a week .
And then we started to learn shit on our own that the other guys did n't learn , so that when we trained , we could tap each other out . "
Traveling around the country to attend UFC fights as spectators , White and the brothers would sit in the audience and brainstorm —
We could do this so much fuckin ' better !
White branched out to managing and training some MMA fighters himself , including Chuck Liddell and another former champ , Tito Ortiz .
During negotiations for one of his fighters , he discovered that the then - seven - year - old UFC was in trouble .
MMA fighting was banned almost everywhere ; pay - per - view would n't touch it , either .
White and the brothers ended up buying the league in 2001 for $ 2 million .
Lorenzo Fertitta had recently stepped down as the vice - chairman of the Nevada State Athletic Commission .
Using Fertitta 's contacts and general know - how , the partners set about changing the rules of UFC fighting ( e.g. , time limits and rounds ) , cleaning it up , making it more palatable in statehouses around the nation .
At one point the league was $ 44 million in debt .
There was a decision to stay the course .
At the eleventh hour , White and company somehow convinced testosterone - rich Spike TV to air a UFC show , The Ultimate Fighter .
( That first season , to sweeten the pot , the partners even paid the production costs . )
Today it is the network 's biggest franchise .
In 2008 , Forbes estimated the UFC 's worth at $ 1 billion .
Even in 2009 , despite the awful economy , UFC says its revenues grew by 20 percent over 2008 .
UFC 104 goes off without a hitch — until the title bout .
The reigning champion , Lyoto " the Dragon " Machida , thirty - one , is an ethnic Japanese trained by his father in a special form of karate .
In the days leading up to the fight , White raved about him : " He can throw his feet as fast as other guys throw their hands , " he told the press .
" He 's only a couple fights away from being called , pound - for - pound , the best MMA fighter in the world . "
Mauricio " Shogun " Rua , twenty - eight , was in the middle of a comeback , a former star of the Pride Fighting Championships , a popular Japanese MMA league in which he picked up his nickname .
Two years ago people were calling him the best fighter in the world .
He beat Liddell , he beat everybody .
And then he had two knee surgeries back - to - back ; he was out for a little over a year .
" He 's back to his former self , " White declared .
In person at various press stops during the week , Shogun and Machida had been perfect gentlemen , each safely enfolded within his own entourage .
One person in each camp spoke English .
( Machida 's father , a distinguished little mop-haired man wearing a denim karate gig and Japanese - style sandals , brought Yoda to mind . )
" These are arguably two of the best strikers in the world , " White told the press — the language barrier meant that he had to carry the lion 's share of prefight publicity himself .
" They both have great kicks , knees , elbows , punches .
It 's going to be a war . "
The fight is slated for five rounds , five minutes each .
( Nontitle bouts are three rounds . )
Shogun takes the offensive from the opening bell , pounding Machida 's outer and inner thighs with kick after kick , a tactic designed to rob the champ of his legs .
Machida gives his best , but without his secret weapon , feet like hands , he seems unable to do much beyond surviving the repeated savage blows from his opponent .
Toward the end of the match , Machida 's lip is split and bleeds copiously .
Later it will require stitches .
When the decision is announced , Machida is the surprise winner , three rounds to two .
The champ retains his belt — fourteen pounds of sterling silver and twenty - four - karat - gold plate .
There is a smattering of boos — the music is so loud , it is hard to be sure .
Visibly angry with the decision —
Who cares what I think ?
I 'm only the fuckin ' promoter ! —
White retreats with his entourage to his private dressing room , where he is joined by two financial officers from Zuffa .
Along with Lorenzo Fertitta ,
White decides who should win the bonus money for best submission and the rest .
Bonus checks for all the fighters are written out by hand .
When they get to Shogun 's check , White orders the accountants to " pay the taxes . "
Meaning , essentially , that he wants Shogun 's previously contracted payday to be doubled .
With a check for $ 250,000 in hand , White goes off looking for Shogun .
When the defeated challenger sees the boss enter his dressing room , he rises shamefacedly from his bench — his body language says defendant about to be sentenced .
His manager stands stolidly at his left elbow ; his entourage surrounds him in a semicircle .
White hands Shogun his check .
He points to the amount .
" Tell him that 's the real number , " White instructs the manager .
" Thank you , thank you very much , " Shogun says in heavily accented English .
Back home in Curitiba , Brazil , his wife is expecting their first child .
He looks appreciative — if not exactly satisfied .
" We paid the taxes , " White reiterates .
Maybe he did n't understand ?
He points to the check again .
" That 's the real number there .
That 's take - home pay . "
Shogun listens to the translation .
He ratchets his proud , chiseled jaw one crank higher .
" Okay , thank you , " he says .
" Thank you very much . "
" I know it does n't erase what happened . "
Resigned : " No , no problem . "
" But it 's gotta make you feel a little better . "
White elbows the fighter playfully in the triceps — I just gave you an extra hundred grand , dude , lighten up !
Shogun breaks down and smiles for real .
White regards him appraisingly .
" Do you want a rematch ? "
No translation is necessary .
The cornermen clap and cheer and hug one another .
They pound their fighter on the back .
He winces .
" He will do it if Machida will do it , " the manager says , not to be disincluded .
" Thank you very much , " Shogun says .
This time you can tell he really means it .
" No , thank you , " White says .
" Great fight .
Really great fight . "
He also means it .
" But listen .
Next time ?
Be more aggressive at the end .
When there 's thirty seconds left , go for it , steal the round , you know what I mean ? "
" I know I know I know , " Shogun says .
Coming into that last round , he'd thought he had it won .
The expression on his face is universal .
Back in the Escalade , headed west toward Beverly Hills , there is a sated , overtired feeling among the occupants , reminiscent of a ride back to the hotel with relatives after a wedding .
Extending the image are the extra bodies stuffed into the vehicle .
Lorenzo Fertitta is wedged between Moorzo and Raymond in the far back .
Craig Borsari , a Zuffa executive in charge of operations and production , is sitting on top of the medicine cooler , next to White in the second row .
( White 's wife — a natural stunner — has wisely opted to take a separate car back to the hotel .
Together they have three children under age nine .
The two boys train with daddy in MMA . )
Raymond hands
White another bottle of pink - tinted Smartwater .
The boss is still sweaty and congested .
His shirt is unbuttoned to the abdomen .
Everyone fusses with their various phones .
" I have so many fucking texts , " White says , to nobody in particular .
He scrolls down , reads randomly : " ' Shogun got fucked . '
' That 's a fucking rematch if I ever saw one . '
' Maybe the worst decision in Zuffa - UFC History . ' "
" No way ! " Fertitta protests from his seat in the back .
" Truthfully , " White says , " I had Shogun winning the fight . "
" It was close , " Fertitta says diplomatically .
" But to say it was the worst decision in fuckin ' history ? ... "
His voice trails off in real disappointment .
" This fight was very calculated , " allows Borsari .
" How about that flurry from Machida in the third round ? " Raymond enthuses .
" How about Shogun dancing in the fourth ? " Moorzo says .
" He looked like Ali up there . "
" Some of those kicks were brutal . "
" Do you know how bad it hurts when you get kicked like that ? "
White asks .
" That shit will fold you . "
" It looked like Machida broke a rib , " Raymond observes , ever the caretaker .
" Machida 's beat up , man , " White says .
" He sat there at the end of the press conference because he did n't want to limp off the stage in front of everybody .
He can't even fucking walk . "
" You know how bad they must feel in the morning ? " Borsari muses .
White groans .
" How do you think they feel on the flight back to fucking Brazil ? "
" I 'd just stay here for a week first , " Borsari says .
" Or go to a spa for four days , " Raymond suggests .
" So what 's a good place to eat late in L. A. ? "
White asks .
He has n't had a thing since the chicken - noodle soup .
" How about Mr. Chow's ? "
" Ben Frank's . "
" Spago ? "
Now
White succumbs to a coughing fit .
He hocks up a loogie ; Raymond hands him a napkin .
" Actually , I still feel like shit , " White concludes .
" There 's good room service at the hotel . "
" Great room service , " Moorzo says .
Everybody cracks up .
Mike Sager Mike Sager is a bestselling author and award - winning reporter who 's been a contributor to Esquire for thirty years .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
All open source software is free as in speech , and some is free as in beer .
And then there ’s the open source software that ’s all about beer .
For instance , there ’s Brewsta , which lets you create and maintain beer recipes .
It ’s written in Python and runs on Windows , Mac OS X , and Linux .
Its developer is also the brain behind Brewiki , an online resource for home brewers .
Brewtarget is similar to Brewsta .
It ’s cross - platform too , and under active development , with its most recent release just in time for the New Year ’s Eve parties and code commits already this year .
And Brewthology makes three .
This app is a web - based brewing recipe database that allows users to create or upload beer recipes .
Visitors can view , rate , and download recipes as BeerXML files .
Part of the home brewing experience is keeping a log of your triumphs and disasters .
BrewBlogger runs under Windows , Mac OS X , and BSD operating systems , and not only lets you record your brewing activities , but also provides a blog - like forum in which you can share your experiences .
If none of the above slake your thirst for the perfect beer application , you can check out a host of older , less popular offering , such as CyberBrau , The Brewery , BrewNIX , brewCalc , and MacBarley .
If you ’re ready to take a break from all that hands - on with hops , check out the FH - Ingolstadt Beer Game , a Java implementation of the MIT Beer Game created by students of the Fachhochschule Ingolstadt University of Applied Sciences .
It ’s not a drinking game ( hi , Bob ! ) but rather a way to demonstrate principles of supply chain management .
Lots of people speak highly of German beer ; now you can try a German beer game .
If you ’re still sore at Germany because of a couple of major wars in the last century , how about Belgian Brewer ?
This web - based multiplayer game is designed to let you buy a pub and buy beer for that pub .
Finally , all the cool breweries produce not only beer , but also beer mats or coasters .
Some folks like to collect them – and for them , there ’s phpBddb .
Both Belgian Brewer and phpBddb are inactive and never got very far , but they ’re available for some enterprising developer to take over and give them new life .
Prost !
Battlefield : Bad Company 2 Reveals Squad Deathmatch Mode in Video
As the planned March 2 , 2010 release date draws closer developer DICE gives us more and more info on Battlefield Bad Company 2 .
The latest bit comes in a new developer diary video by senior producer Patrick Bach that unveils the Squad Deathmatch mode .
In Squad Deathmatch up to four squads with four players each take on each other in a race to 50 kills .
The mode takes advantage of the series ' spawn - to - squadleader feature to help keep your team together in the field .
Check out all the details and the new Laguna Presa map for yourself in the video :
US military tightens grip on Haiti
By Alex Lantier
18 January 2010
Amid the humanitarian tragedy following the January 12 earthquake in Haiti , Washington has concentrated on establishing indefinite military control of the country .
Fearing mass protests and riots by desperate Haitians against inadequate rescue efforts , US logistical efforts are focused on massing tens of thousands of troops for use against the population .
Speaking yesterday on ABC television ’s “ This Week ” program , US General Ken Keen , who commands the military task force in Haiti , said US troops would “ be here as long as needed . ”
He confirmed there were roughly 4,200 US troops in Haiti , largely in cutters patrolling offshore , and that by today there would be 12,000 US troops in the country .
On Saturday , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton visited Port - au - Prince at the invitation of Haitian President René Préval .
She argued for the imposition of an emergency decree in Haiti , allowing for the imposition of curfews and martial - law conditions by US forces .
Clinton explained : “ The decree would give the government an enormous amount of authority , which in practice they would delegate to us . ”
The US government is also working with a force of roughly 7,000 Brazilian - led UN peacekeepers .
Clinton commented , “ We ’re being very thoughtful about how we support them . ”
Brazilian officials publicly commented on the risk that mass rioting could overpower international security forces in Haiti .
On Friday , Brazil ’s Defense Minister Nelson Jobin had warned that the peacekeepers “ could struggle ” if there was large - scale protests : “ We are concerned about security . ”
The Times of London commented , “ Haiti ’s capital could quickly descend into rioting if three million hungry , thirsty , and traumatised earthquake survivors do n’t receive emergency aid soon . ”
US officials are citing contradictory reports of looting in Haiti to justify further US troop deployments .
Keen told ABC , “ having a safe and secure environment is going to be very important .
...
We have had incidents of violence that impede our ability to support the government of Haiti and answer the challenges that this country faces as they ’re suffering a tragedy of epic proportions . ”
However , one official with the World Food Program ( WFP ) told the New York Times : “ For the moment , the population is rather quiet .
But we are seeing the first signs of violence and looting . ”
The first signs included scuffles between Haitians as food aid is distributed to the population , and one incident in Pétionville , where police threw an alleged looter to an angry mob , who beat him and then burned him to death .
The US military has taken control of Port - au - Prince airport as a key hub of its military buildup , blocking access by humanitarian flights .
Humanitarian flights from France , Brazil , and Italy were refused permission to land , and the Red Cross reported one of its planes was diverted to Santo Domingo , the capital of the neighboring Dominican Republic .
France ’s ambassador to Haiti , Didier le Bret , said France ’s foreign minister Bernard Kouchner had lodged a protest with the US State Department after the US blocked a French flight carrying an emergency field hospital .
He added that Port - au - Prince airport was “ not an airport for the international community .
It ’s an annex of Washington .
...
We were told it was an extreme emergency , there was need for a field hospital .
We might be able to make a difference and save lives . ”
French officials later backed down from these statements .
Presidential counselor Claude Guéant said , “ The US , who have a very sizeable Haitian community , have decided to make a considerable effort ...
Now is really not the time to express rivalries between countries . ”
However , WFP officials confirmed that US control of Port - au - Prince airport was creating serious logistical problems for aid and rescue efforts .
The WFP ’s Jarry Emmanuel told the New York Times : “ There are 200 flights going in and out every day , which is an incredible amount for a country like Haiti .
But most of those flights are for the United States military .
...
Their priorities are to secure the country .
Ours are to feed [ people ] .
We have got to get those priorities in sync . ”
At Port - au - Prince ’s Municipal Nursing Home , barely one mile from the US - controlled airport , 85 elderly Haitians are starving and being attacked by rats .
One man , Joseph Julien , has already died .
Officials have cited fights over food at a nearby soccer stadium to justify not sending them supplies , despite their proximity to the airport .
Nursing home administrator Jean Emmanuel told the Associated Press : “ I ’m pleading for everyone to understand that there ’s a truce right now , the streets are free , so you can come through to help us . ”
As of yesterday , US search - and - rescue teams had only dug out 15 people from the rubble .
The US military intervention in Haiti is criminal in both form and content .
Disguised as a humanitarian rescue operation , its main aim is to build up the necessary firepower to terrorize the masses into accepting a shocking lack of treatment without protest .
Even taken on its own terms , the US occupation of Haiti has not taken the opportunities available to it to treat wounded Haitians .
This operation recalls the March 1993 US intervention in Somalia , when US forces invaded that strategically - located country , supposedly to help relieve famine .
US forces were soon deeply entangled in civil war and hated by the population , leading up to a shoot - out between US forces and civilians in Mogadishu .
Current US operations in Haiti are preparing similar confrontations with the population .
The rescue efforts in Haiti are held hostage by a US national security establishment that is completely impervious to popular sympathy for the victims of the earthquake , and unanswerable to the masses — of Haiti or any other country , including the US itself .
Instead , as the death toll mounts , there is an unspoken but unanimous agreement in the international media that it is legitimate for the US military to dictate how operations will proceed .
Haitian Prime Minister Jean - Max Bellerive confirmed yesterday that the death toll was at least 70,000 .
However , this counted only confirmed dead in Port - au - Prince and the nearby city of Leogane , which was over 80 percent destroyed in the quake .
Bellerive added that the figure of 100,000 dead throughout Haiti “ would seem to be the minimum . ”
Interviewed on NBC ’s “ Meet the Press , ” USAID administrator Rajiv Shah said he had “ no reason to contradict ” estimates of 100,000 to 200,000 dead .
Time is also running out for many of the even larger number of Haitians wounded in the earthquake .
Hospitals have been destroyed and medical staffs are overwhelmed by large numbers of patients with crushed limbs and rapidly spreading infections .
Deprived of antibiotics and basic medical supplies , doctors are resorting to amputations and are refusing treatment to badly injured patients , whom they do not think they can save .
Speaking to the Los Angeles Times at Port - au - Prince ’s General Hospital , Dr. Georges Lamarre said most of his patients the first night had bled to death , and that he still had no antibiotics or blood supplies : “ Up to this moment , there are patients out there we have n’t even touched . ”
At the General Hospital , Yolanda Gehry and her baby , Ashleigh , waited four days before doctors could tape up Ashleigh ’s head .
However , they have not yet treated Ashleigh ’s shattered left hand .
Gehry commented : “ The Haitian doctors did n’t have anything to help us , so we had to wait for the foreigners . ”
US officials have made clear that treating Haitian victims of the earthquake is not a US priority .
Medical facilities on the US aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson , steaming off Haiti ’s shores , will not treat Haitians .
The senior medical officer on board , Commander Alfred Shwayhat , told the Wall Street Journal he had plans to “ treat 1,000 Haitians if necessary , ” but said that he had received no orders to do so .
He continued , “ If the captain authorizes it , I will take anyone ... [ the Vinson ’s facility ] exceeds anything in the civilian sector , bar none . ”
Lieutenant Commander Jim Krohne , a spokesman for the Vinson ’s captain , explained that the carrier ’s mission was “ sea - based . ”
The Vinson later sent two doctors onshore to help treat Haitian patients .
US officials are also warning Haitians that , if they try to flee from Haiti to the US , they will be deported back to Haiti .
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said : “ There may be an impulse to leave the island to come here .
You will not qualify for TPS [ Temporary Protected ] status . ”
This would allow the US to deport them upon arrival .
Officials in Miami , a city with a large Haitian immigrant population , are watching for signs of a mass flght from Haiti to the US .
Democratic Representative Kendrick B. Meek noted ,
“ The entire community is emotionally attached to Haiti , and it ’s been rough , ” adding that Haitian - Americans form the bulk of the workforce for many major employers in the region .
However , officials are preparing prisons for potential Haitian refugees .
The Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) announced that it would move 400 detainees from the Krome detention facility to an undisclosed location , to free up space in case any Haitians manage to reach US shores .
The boycott campaign is being led by members of the opposition Kadima party led by Tzipi Livni , whose arrest on alleged war crimes charges was briefly sanctioned by a London court last weekend .
Miss Livni , who had been due to visit Britain but changed her plans , is not believed to be involved in the initiative .
In Fahrenheit 9/11 , filmmaker Michael Moore juxtaposes images and words of a terrorist attack in Israel with President Bush 's first words about the incident , spoken to a press pool on a golf course , with him leaning casually against a tree .
Today , as the nation 's law enforcement agencies respond to an attempted terrorist attack on U.S. soil , as the cable news channels and news websites pull in reinforcements to cover the incident from all angles , President Obama has been silent .
In fact , he 's been golfing .
He received a counterterrorism briefing early this morning , Hawaii time , and moments later , left for the gym .
The president 's vacation activities might have become the subject of a fierce partisan fight -- but really , the only carping is coming from the usual suspects on the right .
There is a reason why Obama has n't given a public statement .
It 's strategy .
Here 's the theory : a two - bit mook is sent by Al Qaeda to do a dastardly deed .
He winds up neutering himself .
Literally .
Authorities respond appropriately ; the president ( as this president is wont to to ) presides over the federal response .
His senior aides speak for him , letting reporters know that he 's videoconferencing regularly , that he 's ordering a review of terrorist watch lists , that he 's discoursing with his secretary of Homeland Security .
But an in - person Obama statement is n't needed ; Indeed , a message expressing command , control , outrage and anger might elevate the importance of the deed , would generate panic ( because Obama usually DOESN'T talk about the specifics of cases like this , and so him deciding to do so would cue the American people to respond in a way that exacerbates the situation ) .
Obama of course will say something at some point .
Had the terrorist blown up the plane , it 's safe to assume that Obama would no longer be in Hawaii .
In either case , the public will need presidential fortification at some point .
But Obama is willing to risk the accusation that he is " soft " on terrorism or is hovering above it all , or is just not to be bothered ( his " head 's in the sand , " or " golfing comes first " ) in order to advance what he believes is the proper collective response to a failed act of terrorism .
Let the authorities do their work .
Do n't presume ; do n't panic the country ; do n't chest - thump , prejudge , interfere , politicize ( in an international sense ) , do n't give Al Qaeda ( or whomever ) a symbolic victory ; resist the urge to open the old playbook and run a familiar play .
In a sense , he is projecting his calm on the American people , just as his advisers are convinced that the Bush administration projected their panic and anger on the self - same public eight years ago .
It 's a tough and novel approach -- and not at all ( as they say in Britain ) party political -- because the standard political script would have the president and his attorney general appearing everywhere as soon as possible .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
What turns a young female concerned mainly about herself into a good mother who will make sure her offspring survive in an otherwise hostile world ?
The bodily changes of childbearing are obvious , but as we are discovering , the changes in the brain are no less dramatic .
The maternal brain is a formidable object , a singular entity forged by hormones , neurochemicals , and exposure to the ravening demands and irresistible cuteness of offspring .
During pregnancy , the female brain is effectively revving up for the difficult tasks that await .
A mother - to - be may most notice her cravings for ice cream and pickles , but inside her head , a transformation is afoot in fundamental functions ranging from attention to memory .
As an intriguing new paper demonstrates , even her sensitivity to others ' emotions increases .
Before we describe the new paper , let us contemplate the maternal brain in all of its wet majesty .
Among its remarkable changes are those that allow the mother to focus on her infant in the persistent attempt to puzzle out the child ’s needs and wants .
As any parent knows , the infant is inscrutable – indeed , the child remains so for much of the parent ’s life – and intuition is the mother ’s best friend .
The parent tests hypotheses :
Is the baby hungry ?
Tired ?
A sensitized brain facilitates these “ experiments . ”
In humans , rodents and other animals , we find data showing that the mother ’s interest in , and motivation toward young increases dramatically as pregnancy nears term , and still further immediately following birth .
Underlying such change is a manifest shift in neuronal size , activity and capacity .
Neurons in the part of the brain that largely regulate maternal behavior , called the medial preoptic area ( mPOA ) , grow impressively during late pregnancy , increasing the protein - synthesizing capabilities of the cell .
Like a race - car burning rubber before the green light , these mPOA neurons are readying themselves to respond to offspring stimuli with appropriate and sensitized impulses .
Further , in another brain region , the hippocampus , neurons are undergoing changes of another sort , leading to increases in the concentration of tiny projections on the surface of dendrites , called dendritic spines .
These dendritic spines provide more neuronal surface and are believed to regulate inter-neuronal commerce .
That the spines are increasing in the hippocampus , which controls learning and memory , suggests a possible function : enhancing memory , particularly spatial memory , that may be required of the new mother .
Fittingly , many data from numerous labs show that females with offspring have an increased facility for remembering the location of food caches and rewards in a variety of spatial environments .
These females -- particularly multiparous females , those with two or more pregnancies under their belts -- are especially good at these tasks .
Now , think about why : a mother that must leave her nest to forage for food – or her home for work – exposes both herself and her young to risk of predators and may benefit from an enhancement to her foraging skills or to the economy of her behavior , in general .
The cost : benefit ratio decreases if she can find food and get back as quickly as possible to her lonely and vulnerable offspring .
In their recent paper , Rebecca Pearson of the University of Bristol ’s Academic Unit of Psychiatry and her co-authors add fuel to the race - car - burning - rubber theory .
They find that not only are neurons ramping up their own activity levels , but that the hormones estrogen and progesterone are also intensifying emotive activity , helping mothers become more focused on their offspring and their offspring ’s myriad cues .
In particular , Pearson ’s team looked at facial expressions depicting emotional states .
In an elegantly designed experiment , they showed human mothers - to - be images of human faces , and asked them to rate the emotions expressed on those faces .
As pregnancy progresses , mothers become more efficient at recognizing the emotions on the faces of others .
Intriguingly , the greatest recognition increase pertains to faces exhibiting dangerous conditions – fear ( perhaps of a visible threat ) , disgust ( contamination threat ) , and anger ( direct physical threat ) .
Normally calm women may be disturbed to find themselves suddenly beset by new fears and catastrophic visions while pregnant .
Indeed , the authors compare pregnant women ’s threat - sensitivity levels to those found in people with anxiety disorders .
But they suggest that the ability to recognize these threat conditions is an evolutionary adaptation to help females protect their offspring - to - be from harm .
The evolutionary tale rings true when considering post - partum primates .
Anyone who has watched a human mother and her child knows that they gaze at one another in a way that suggests they are studying faces and expressions , a phenomenon examined by numerous researchers .
Taking matters further , researchers have found that chimpanzee and rhesus macaque infants and mothers spend a significant amount time gazing at one another , looking into and recognizing each other ’s faces .
In photos , the primate mothers gazing at their infants bear a remarkable resemblance to “ Madonna and Child ” paintings .
The researchers suggest that this emotional recognition helps with bonding and learning .
If studying the faces of offspring is mutually beneficial in the post - partum period , perhaps the increase in facial recognition during pregnancy is playing the dual role of protecting offspring from threats and preparing mothers for their unique bonding experience .
That hypothesis would seem to be supported by the work of Ruth Feldman of Bar - Ilan University and colleagues , who in 2007 showed a correlation between the levels of oxytocin ( the “ love ” and “ bonding ” hormone , which is also associated with the formation of breast milk ) during pregnancy and the amount of time that mothers and infants spent gazing at one another .
A race car peeling rubber indeed !
This study , combined with Pearson ’s work , makes a strong argument that not only are hormones helping pregnant females defend their infants - to - be from the dangers in the world around them , but also preparing females to be loving mothers after giving birth .
The hormones do have a downside .
Some new mothers suffer from depression and in rare cases , even psychosis .
Research at Tufts University and elsewhere suggests some potential animal models and endocrinological mechanisms for postpartum mental distress , broadly defined .
It suggests that hormones are to blame : an acute pull - back , addict - like , from the rich concentrations of steroids that characterize pregnancy may play a role in the severity of postpartum reactions .
So what about fathers ?
Are the dads among us doomed to stand idly by , clueless and bereft of meaningful emotional contact , while mothers reap the endocrinological , neurological , and emotional benefits of motherhood ?
Take heart , XY - ers !
A 2008 study similar to Pearson 's found that men administered oxytocin were better able to identify happy emotions in the faces of others .
So , whereas we males may not receive a boost in our threat - response abilities , hormones in men may at least allow us not to loathe the occasional requisite diaper - changing .
This is a terrible mangling of a piece of code by Eric Lavigne ( thanks ! ) , I take full responsibility for any lines starting with and the afterword .
I ’m a total newbie when it comes to clojure , so when I got my hands on a little clojure program to play the game of ‘ island - wari ’
I went and dissected it bit by bit , clojure manual in hand to see how it works .
The original code did not contain any comments at all so this was a both trying to figure out what the langauge does and what the program does .
// //
This all started here : http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1043180 // //
To ‘ recover ’ the original clojure source simply do // ‘ grep - v //’ on this file .
// //
An explanation of the game of ‘ island wari ’ is here : // http://waynesword.palomar.edu/ww0603.htm
// //
In short , it is a two player game with 7 ‘ slots ’ for each // player , the rightmost slot for a player ( positions 6 and 13 ) // is called the homebase , the players take turns and indicate // a bin they wish to play , stones then get distributed // to all bins counterclockwise of the bin played .
If the last // stone lands on the players homebase that player gets to play // again , players have to skip the homebase of their opponent // when placing stones .
Whoever has their side of the board // empty first wins the game .
// //
The ‘ pseudo - C’ language equivalents for the shorter functions are // there simply because I tried to translate the functions in // to something that I can readily understand , they are not // used anywhere ( and wo n’t even compile ) // // this sets up the namespace and imports compojure ( ns wari ( : use compojure ) ( : gen-class ) )
////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// // return a list of board positions where stones will be placed // given a starting position and an indication which ‘ home base ’ // should be avoided , as well as the number of stones that
// will need to be placed ( defn where - stones - fall start skip stones ) // ( range 14 ) becomes : // ( 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 ) // ( cycle ( range 14 ) ) yields :
// ( 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 etc ) // ( inc start ) is
// start + 1
// so
// ( drop ( inc start ) ( cycle ( range 14 ) ) )
// gives
// the elements from the cycle found from start + 1 onwards
// so if start is 5 then this will yield :
// ( 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 etc )
// ( we start at ‘ 5 ’ becaue the original range started at 0 , the first
// 5 elements are then 0,1,2,3,4 ) .
// now we are at the remove call , which looks like this :
// ( remove #(= skip %) ( 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 etc ) ) // assuming a start of 5
// bin to skip can be
// 6 or 13 depending on whose move it is
// so the remove call will take the ‘ skip ’ entry and remove it from the list
// if ‘ skip ’ was 6 then the list now looks like this :
// ( 5 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 0 1 2 3 4 5 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 etc )
// now we are at the outer braces :
// ( take stones ( 5 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 0 1 2 3 4 5 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 etc ))
// this will return a list of the first ‘ stones ’ entries from
// the colection
// for ‘ stones ’ is 10 this would return :
// ( 5 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 0 1 ) // the relevant clojure built - in functions used ( from the clojure // documentation ) : // ( take n coll ) // Returns a lazy sequence of the first n items in coll , or all items if // there are fewer than n. // ( remove pred coll ) //
Returns a lazy sequence of the items in coll for which // ( pred item ) returns false .
pred must be free of side - effects . // ( drop n coll ) //
Returns a lazy sequence of all but the first n items in coll . // ( inc x ) //
Returns a number one greater than num . // ( cycle coll ) // Returns a lazy ( infinite ! ) sequence of repetitions of the items in coll . // ( range end ) //
Returns a lazy seq of nums from 0 ( inclusive ) to end ( exclusive ) ////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// // figure out which bin to skip , this passes the opponents ‘ home base ’ // bin ( defn bin - to - skip turn ) // bin -to - skip ( turn ) { if ( turn == 1 ) return 13 else return
6 } ////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// // the bin to play again depends on who is playing , it is equal to the // homebase bin for the current player ( defn bin - to - play - again turn ) // bin - to - play - again ( turn ) { return bin - to - skip ( turn == 1 ?
2 : 1 ) } //////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
( defn alter - board board turn move
)
// alter - board returns the board as it is after the move done by the player whose // turn it is .
First ‘ stones ’ is set to become a list of board positions that
// will be receving a stone .
//
I fiddled a bit with the parentheses because it was n’t entirely clear to me // which belonged to which , and which part constituted the body of the function // argument to ‘ map ’ .
So , map appears to receive 3 arguments here , the function // body , and two collections .
The first collection is the current board , the
// second collection is the numbers ( 0 … 13 ) . //
A quick check outside in the repl : // ( map ( fn i ) [ 0 1 2 3 4 5 ] ) // returns
// ( 0 5 10 15 20 25 )
// but strangely
// ( map ( fn i ) ( 0 1 2 3 4 5 ) ) // fails with a ‘ java.lang.ClassCastException : java.lang .
Integer cannot be cast to // clojure.lang.IFn ( NO_SOURCE_FILE:0 ) ’
//
//
Why is it that map only works on vectors and not on lists ?
// Ah , solved that one the ( 0 1 2 3 4 5 )
// does not work as a list parameter in that spot because ‘ 0 ’ is
// seen as the function name .
Probably a classic newbie mistake ,
// I ’m expecting here to pass a list of numbers but to do that you
// have to make a list .
The [ ] notation of the vector does not
// deal with this in the same way because the vector does not start
// with an ‘(’ indicating the next token is a function name .
//
// Stupid me :)
//
// So , the list example then becomes :
// ( map ( fn i ) ( list 0 1 2 3 4 5 ) )
//
// where ‘ list ’ will return the remaining arguments as a list .
//
And sure enough , that works .
// map then returns // ( fn [ b i ]
// (+ ( if ( = move i ) 0 b ) // ( count ( filter #(= i % ) stones ) ) // )
// )
//
// fn is then applied to each of the counts of stones in each bord position // ( in parameter ‘ b ’ ) and the rank of the position ( in parameter ‘ c ’ ) ,
// stones and move are also ‘ in scope ’ .
//
//
That little anonymous function then does the following :
//
If the position under consideration is the one that is
// being played it gets set to contain ‘ 0 ’ stones , otherwise
// we start off with the number of stones found there
// that takes care of the ‘( if ( = move i ) 0 b ) ’ , then the
// ‘( filter #(= i %) stones ) ’ expression returns the
// collection consisting of ‘ nil ’ in case the current board
// position is not in the list of board positions to receive
// a stone and a collection of one element , the board position
// if it is to receiave a stone .
//
// count then counts the number of elements in the collection
// ( 0 or 1 ) and will add that to the number of stones already
// there or to 0 in the case of the position being played .
// //////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
( defn next - turn board turn move )
// // this calls where - stones - fall to get a list of the slots where stones will // be placed , the ( bin - to - skip turn ) will return 6 or 13 depending on whose turn // it is , the ( nth board move ) will return the number of stones in the
// board position that is being played .
//
//
This is where I do n’t think ‘ lisp ’ like languages are more ‘ expressive ’ than // many other languages , after all :
//
// array [ 12 ] ;
//
// vs
//
// ( nth array 12 )
//
// hardly seems an improvement , but I think anybody proficient in lisp
// would probably read this with the same ease .
It just feels as though
// the ‘ functional ’ technique is taken a little further than is practical
// here .
Of course , having only one technique also has a certain elegance
// but I think that other languages have an advantage here .
Is there a
// lisp that supports subscripted arrays with square brackets ?
That would
// also take care of passing ‘ nth ’ anything other than a vector ( which
// leads to some pretty cryptic error message )
//
//
The ‘ let ’ function binds the ‘ last - stone ’ symbol to the last entry of
// the list of board positions where stones will be placed , if the
// last stone is placed in the home base of the player that just played
// then that player will get to play again , otherwise the other player
// will play next //////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
( defn move - result [ board turn move ] {: pre [ ( or ( = turn 1 ) ( = turn 2 ) ) ( or ( and ( = turn 1 ) ( < move 6 ) ) ( and ( = turn 2 ) (> move 6 ) ( < move 13 ) ) ) (< 0 ( nth board move ) ) ] }
{:turn ( next - turn board turn move )
: board ( alter - board board turn move ) } )
////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// ( defn board - route turn board ) ) ) // board - route ( turn , board ) { return “ / ” + turn + “ /0 / ” + implode ( “ / ” , board ) } ////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// // render board displays the board the player has chosen to continue // the game with , and creates links for the new board if a position // is ‘ playable ’ , clicking on a position then effects the next move // the ‘ whosturn ’ variable makes sure the right side of the board // has the links placed .
( defn render - board [ whosturn slots ] {: pre [ ( or ( = whosturn 1 ) ( = whosturn 2 ) ) ] } ( let [ vert [ :img {:src “ /vertical.png ” } ]
horiz [ :img {:src “ /horizontal.png ” } ] small [ :img {:src “ / small.png ” } ]
big [ :img {:src “ / big.png ” } ]
top [ :img {:src “ / top.png ” } ]
bot [ :img {:src “ / bottom.png ” } ]
picname - to - imgcol #( vector : td [ :img {:src ( str “ / ” % “ . png ” ) } ] ) slot - to - link
( fn move “ . png ” ) } ] ] ] ) ) ]
[ : table {: width “ 50 % ” }
[ : tr ( map #( vector :td % ) ( interpose horiz ( repeat 7 small ) ) ) ]
[ : tr :td vert ( picname - to - imgcol “ vertical ” )
(= ( nth slots slot ) 0 ) ( picname - to - imgcol 0 )
(= whosturn 2 ) ( picname - to - imgcol ( nth slots slot ) )
: default ( slot - to - link slot ) ) )
( interpose “ vertical ” ( reverse ( range 6 ) ) ) )
[ :td vert ] ]
[ :tr [ : td vert ] :td top
[ :td top ] [ : td vert ] ]
[ : tr :td vert
( map #( vector :td % ) ( interpose big ( repeat 5 vert ) ) )
( picname - to - imgcol ( nth slots 13 ) ) [ : td vert ] ]
[ :tr [ : td vert ] :td bot
[ :td bot ] [ : td vert ] ]
[ : tr :td vert ( picname - to - imgcol “ vertical ” )
(= ( nth slots slot ) 0 ) ( picname - to - imgcol 0 )
(= whosturn 1 ) ( picname - to - imgcol ( nth slots slot ) )
: default ( slot - to - link slot ) ) )
( interpose “ vertical ” ( range 7 13 ) ) )
[ :td vert ] ]
[ : tr ( map #( vector :td % ) ( interpose horiz ( repeat 7 small ) ) ) ] ] ) ) // this routine is uncharacteristically long ! //
//
It creates a table with 13 columns x 7 rows , the outer ones are // filled with ‘ small.png ’ in the corners , ‘ vertical.png ’ on the left // and right edge and ‘ horizontal.png ’ on the top and bottom edges .
//
// For each of the players their respective ‘ bins ’ are displayed ,
// with up to 48 stones per ‘ bin ’ .
//
//
This job would be much better suited to a templating engine
// of sorts , which could be passed a vector containing the
// number of stones for each position as well as an optional link
// for that position in case it is played .
////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// // // the despatcher , it matches incoming requests to methods and urls // ( defroutes wari-routes ( GET “ / ”
( or ( serve- file ( params : ) ) : next ) ) ( GET “ / ”
( html [ :h1 “ Welcome to the Island Wari game server . ” ] [ : a {:href ( board - route
1
( apply concat ( repeat 2 ( concat ( repeat 6 4 ) [ 0 ] ) ) ) ) } “ New game ” ] ) )
( GET “/: whosturn/:computerplays/:x/:x/:x/:x/:x/:x/:x/:x/:x/:x/:x/:x/:x/:x ”
( let turn ( Integer / parseInt ( params : whosturn ) )
board ( map #( Integer / parseInt % ) ( params : x ) ) ) ) ( ANY “ * ” ( page - not - found ) ) ) // the despatcher tries to match each of the routes in turn until it // finds one that returns a non-nil result .
So the first thing tried // is to serve up a static file .
If that fails a check is made to see // if the homepage of the server is requested , the homepage is output // ‘ inline ’ to the client .
// //
Then a move is tried , and if that matches the turn and board // variables are recoverd from the request resource and if the // turn variable is either 1 or 2 a new board is genereated // // finally , if no match can be made page - not - found is called which // will display compojures standard 404 page .
////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// ( defn - main & args ) ) // this calls the run-server function with a port number , a match template // and a servlet to handle the various requests
//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
Afterword :
What strikes me as clever is the use of ‘ lazy ’ evaluation to return constructs like infinite lists ( or actually , just as much as you ’ll use ) .
I ’m still very much in ‘ braces ’ hell , it is going to take me a while before I can read this stuff quickly .
Is there some kind of templating system to use with compojure ?
I ’d hate to give this code to a designer to make the html it outputs look good , especially if the site would have many pages with a standardized lay - out that might prove to be a serious problem .
Last week the Chief Rabbi used a lecture to Theos , a religious thinktank , to outline the reasons religion and religious morality are necessary for our continued freedom and , ultimately , survival .
He described of Europe 's loss of faith as " the moral equivalent of climate change " and attributed the continent 's population decline to a forsaking of the idea of sacrifice .
" Parenthood involves massive sacrifice , " he said , " of money , attention , time and emotional energy .
Where today , in European culture with its consumerism and its instant gratification ' because you 're worth it ' ... will you find space for the concept of sacrifice for the sake of generations not yet born ? "
Is the Chief Rabbi right ?
Should we worry about the decline in population , or celebrate it ?
Is there really a link between the consumer society , moral relativism and the choice to have fewer or no children ?
For those who agree that society suffers from a lack self - sacrifice , is parenthood indeed its best embodiment ?
Monday 's response
Mary Kenny : A fertile society is an energetic and resourceful one , and we must beware of being pessimistic about the problems of population
Tuesday 's response
Nesrine Malik :
The chief rabbi is blind to the high price traditional societies often pay for their moral certainty
Thursday 's response
Caspar Melville : Atheists have an ingenious strategy for ensuring the survival of our gang : we do n't have rules about who we can reproduce with
Friday 's response
Madeleine Bunting : Boiling the complex issue of population decline down to selfishness , as the chief rabbi has done , is absurd
The Best Things To Say To Women In Bed
This Is What She Wants You To Say To Her In Bed
Page 1 of 2
Women are verbal creatures at heart .
That 's why they read erotica , get hooked on soaps and love men with foreign accents .
These things make them feel the same way we do when we spot a beautiful woman with huge breasts .
Though what excites them is drastically different from what arouses us , there 's good news there .
If you can paint a picture with a few choice words , you can turn them on .
So it 's in our best interests to learn to say the right things .
With that in mind , here are the best things to say to a lady once you separate her from those pesky clothes .
" I want to make you feel good . "
" I love the sounds you make when you orgasm . "
" You have such ( a ) hot [ insert body part ] . "
" I love the way you taste .
I could stay down here for hours . "
" What are you imagining right now ? "
" This feels so good .
I love it when you [ insert action here ] . "
Simple , yet effective .
A wonderful way to relax her and reassure her that she made the right decision going to bed with you .
Drop this one right before or during foreplay for maximum effect .
If you know your girl well and know that she does , indeed , orgasm , then this one is for you .
And sometimes , even if she does orgasm , a woman feels awkward being vocal during sex .
But most of us like a loud woman in bed , because it helps us to know when you 're pleasing her .
So you can encourage her to turn up the volume by telling her how much you enjoy it .
Pick a favorite body part to mention , but make it one you know she 's proud of .
That way , there 's no controversy .
Women are notorious for being sensitive to clumsy compliments about their bodies , so tread carefully .
This reassures her that you like giving her oral sex and that there are no foul odors emanating from that area .
You can say this one during a short break from oral sex or directly afterwards .
It probably comes off best when said in a gravely , semi-exhausted voice .
This will encourage her to talk about her sexual desires and participate in setting the mood .
The idea here is to let her release any bottled - up fantasies or requests that she would otherwise not mention .
Again , this is meant to boost her comfort level ( and ego ) with a little positive feedback .
And , hey , if she knows you like something , perhaps she 'll take note for future reference .
Santa 's Little Mailman had been keeping in touch with me since early December making sure that I was n't forgotten for Xmas this year !
" Dear garg , this is Santa 's mailman .
I 'm writing you to tell you that Santa did n't forget you this year , however ( due to DHL 's shitty overseas shipping options ) , it might take a little bit longer until you receive your present .
So please be patient ( I 'm sorry for the wait ) .
Sincerely yours , Santa 's mailman "
Oh no !
Trouble with the sleigh !
" Dear garg , unfortunately , it seems like Santa 's worst case has happened and you did n't receive your present in time .
Santa 's very sorry for the inconvenience and will proceed to punish himself with an iron stick .
Nevertheless , I wish you Merry Christmas / Happy Holidays / ! "
He even remembered my birthday !
" Santa would like to say Happy Birthday as well and hopes that you wo n't be too disappointed with the gift he got you for Christmas . "
And today I got it !
And I love it !
yayyy !
It 's absolutely perfect .
I 'm geeking out at the ' Making Things Talk ' book and I 've already started reading .
And I love the Chocolate Weihnachtsmann .
I 'm going to use that a display item .
Also the Xmas gummy bears !
The Newspaper got a bit crumpled but I uncrumpled it and tried to read through it !
It is so much better than local newspapers !
I 'm going to save this too .
Ooo and I also enjoyed looking at the stamps on the box !
Weee :D
Thanks so much again !
You 're a brilliant secret santa ( 's little mailman ) !
I have been guilty as much as anyone of reading too much into what happens at the F1 test sessions before the season begins .
It is the very first time that the teams reveal their new cars and we get to compare them against the performance of the other teams .
This is also when each driver begins his battle against his teammate , with each trying to be seen as the lead or better driver .
However , this year more than ever , we must be very careful about what we interpret from what happens at the tests .
Teams do n’t truly reveal their hand at these test sessions and a lot of the time they are genuinely learning about how best to set up their brand new car and what areas they need to improve and develop for the first race and beyond .
The team or driver that produces has the fastest lap(s ) is not necessarily the best F1 package and likely to win at Bahrain .
Small differences in times between teams and drivers reveals nothing , it is only when there are large differences in performance that we might infer something .
For example , in 2009 the F1 testing before the season began revealed very little in how the teams would fair for the season , except for two points .
Firstly , McLaren were significantly off the pace ( i.e. over 2 seconds ) at each testing session and secondly , when Brawn arrived for the first time at the final pre-season testing session , they were immediately quicker than all other teams .
With the benefit of hindsight , we can see how these points precipitated their comparative performances throughout the season .
However !
Be warned , we will not know the true form of the teams for a race or three .
In fact , the expected closeness of the teams this season means there may never be such a thing as the ‘ in form ’ team .
Although they were slow in pre-season testing last year , McLaren actually did quite well at the first race in Australia and if had n’t been for Hamilton and his team ’s ‘ indiscretion ’ he would have finished 3rd .
BMW had been fast in pre-season testing and looked very quick in Australia with Kubica seemingly likely to get 2nd and challenge for 1st if he had not had the coming together with Vettel .
Unfortunately , BMW went downhill from there .
The 2010 pre-season testing will be even harder to read due to the new rule changes , in particular the banning of refuelling .
Teams will be concentrating on being quick , consistent and not using up their tyres on a heavy fuel load .
They will be less concerned with producing a quick lap on low fuel .
At each race teams and drivers will have to cope with up to 3 times as much fuel as they did last year for up two - thirds of the race .
As we wo n’t know how much fuel each driver will be running at the tests , it will be hard to assess the comparative long run pace of each team and driver .
We should be able to compare the relative performance of the drivers within in a team , but even then we will not know if they will be carrying the same levels of fuel ?
Teams will be concentrating on getting the best performance out of their cars , which will be a balance of quick lap times with minimal tyre wear .
We wo n’t be provided this combination of information , it will only be provided by paddock gossip and speculation .
There are 4 official tests , all taking place in February in Spain .
The first official F1 pre-season test will run from 1st - 3rd of Feb at the Valencia track .
Not all teams will be in attendance , most noticeably the Red Bull team .
The second official test will take place a week later on the 10th - 13th of February at Jerez , with the third test at Jerez again on 17th - 20th Feb .
The fourth and final test takes place at Barcelona ( Catalunya circuit ) from 25th – 28th February .
After that , the teams have a fortnight to make changes and develop their car before the first race of the season at Bahrain on 14th of March .
Therefore , be very careful about you read into the relative performances of the F1 teams at the official tests in Spain .
We all have our favourite teams and drivers , but it will be very hard to tell which one is actually in the best position at the beginning of the season .
However , we may be able to tell which teams or drivers are struggling ( poor times , spins , etc. ) .
— — — — — — — — —— —— —————-
Jake McMillan
For this week ’s blog I ’ll post two related video links , the first for an Australian television series called Compass , which interviewed me while I was in Sydney last summer , on “ The Atheists . ”
I think it is a well done show , fair and balanced , so to speak , but I do find the premise rather interesting in as much as they purport to be studying “ us ” like we ’re some mysterious species recently discovered on a remote island .
From the voice over : “ What do they believe ?
And are they all the same ? ”
Picture David Attenborough hanging from a cliff face , “ and here , if you look closely , you ’ll see amongst the vast forest of believers the rare spotted atheist , whose diet remains a mystery but whose mating habits produce far fewer offspring than believers , and so they nest precariously on face cliffs such as this one so as not to be devoured by their carnivorous neighbors … ”
Here ’s the show summary :
Compass talks to atheists of different stripes .
Eminent philosopher John Gray ; science writer and editor of Skeptic magazine Michael Shermer ; historian and writer Inga Clendinnen and Australia ’s best known atheist Phillip Adams , all explore the philosophical and practical consequences of being an atheist .
How does their atheism shape their attitudes to science and the big questions of our time such as war and global warming ?
Is conflict between atheists and believers inevitable and necessary ?
Or , is this debate generating more heat than light ?
Genesis Revisited
I happened upon this delightful video based on the Coda entitled “ Genesis Revisited , ” from my book , Why Darwin Matters , which I explained in the book : “ To convey the logical absurdity of trying to squeeze the round peg of science into the square hole of religion , I penned the following scientific revision of the Genesis creation story .
It is not intended as a sacrilege of the poetic beauty of Genesis ; rather , it is a mere extension of what the creationists have already done to Genesis in their insistence that it be read not as mythic saga but as scientific prose .
If Genesis were written in the language of modern science , it would read something like this . ”
Genesis Revisited : A Scientific Creation Story
by Michael Shermer
In the beginning — specifically on October 23 , 4004 B.C. , at noon — out of quantum foam fluctuation God created the Big Bang , followed by cosmological inflation and an expanding universe .
And darkness was upon the face of the deep , so He commanded hydrogen atoms ( which He created from Quarks ) to fuse and become helium atoms and in the process release energy in the form of light .
And the light maker he called the sun , and the process
He called fusion .
And He saw the light was good because now He could see what He was doing , so He created Earth .
And the evening and the morning were the first day .
And God said ,
Let there be lots of fusion light makers in the sky .
Some of these fusion makers
He grouped into collections
He called galaxies , and these appeared to be millions and even billions of light years from Earth , which would mean that they were created before the first creation in 4004 B.C.
This was confusing , so God created tired light , and the creation story was preserved .
And created
He many wondrous splendors such as Red Giants , White Dwarfs , Quasars , Pulsars , Supernova , Worm Holes , and even Black Holes out of which nothing can escape .
But since God cannot be constrained by nothing , He created Hawking radiation through which information can escape from Black Holes .
This made God even more tired than tired light , and the evening and the morning were the second day .
And God said ,
Let the waters under the heavens be gathered together unto one place , and let the continents drift apart by plate tectonics .
He decreed sea floor spreading would create zones of emergence , and He caused subduction zones to build mountains and cause earthquakes .
In weak points in the crust God created volcanic islands , where the next day
He would place organisms that were similar to but different from their relatives on the continents , so that still later created creatures called humans would mistake them for evolved descendants created by adaptive radiation .
And the evening and the morning were the third day .
And God saw that the land was barren , so He created animals bearing their own kind , declaring
Thou shalt not evolve into new species , and thy equilibrium shall not be punctuated .
And God placed into the rocks , fossils that appeared older than 4004 B.C. that were similar to but different from living creatures .
And the sequence resembled descent with modification .
And the evening and morning were the fourth day .
And God said ,
Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving creatures that hath life , the fishes .
And God created great whales whose skeletal structure and physiology were homologous with the land mammals he would create later that day .
God then brought forth abundantly all creatures , great and small , declaring that microevolution was permitted , but not macroevolution .
And God said , “ Natura non facit saltum ” — Nature shall not make leaps .
And the evening and morning were the fifth day .
And God created the pongidids and hominids with 98 percent genetic similarity , naming two of them Adam and Eve .
In the book in which God explained how He did all this , in one chapter He said he created Adam and Eve together out of the dust at the same time , but in another chapter He said He created Adam first , then later created Eve out of one of Adam ’s ribs .
This caused confusion in the valley of the shadow of doubt , so God created theologians to sort it out .
And in the ground placed
He in abundance teeth , jaws , skulls , and pelvises of transitional fossils from pre-Adamite creatures .
One chosen as his special creation
He named Lucy , who could walk upright like a human but had a small brain like an ape .
And God realized this too was confusing , so he created paleoanthropologists to figure it out .
Just as
He was finishing up the loose ends of the creation God realized that Adam ’s immediate descendants would not understand inflationary cosmology , global general relativity , quantum mechanics , astrophysics , biochemistry , paleontology , and evolutionary biology , so he created creation myths .
But there were so many creation stories throughout the world God realized this too was confusing , so created He anthropologists and mythologists .
By now the valley of the shadow of doubt was overrunneth with skepticism , so God became angry , so angry that God lost His temper and cursed the first humans , telling them to go forth and multiply themselves ( but not in those words ) .
But the humans took God literally and now there are six billion of them .
And the evening and morning were the sixth day .
By now God was tired , so He proclaimed , “ Thank me its Friday , ” and He made the weekend .
It was a good idea .
JERUSALEM , Dec. 21 ( UPI ) --
Israel secretly harvested organs from dead bodies without family consent in the 1990's , a senior Israeli scientist admitted .
The former head of Israel 's Abu Kabir forensic institute , Dr. Yehuda Hiss , made the revelation in an interview originally conducted by American researcher Nancy Scheper - Hughes in 2000 , ABC News reported Monday .
Advertisement
" We started to harvest corneas ... .
Whatever was done was highly informal .
No permission was asked from the family , " Hiss said .
Relatives were not consulted , Hiss said , when pathologists also took heart valves , bones and skin from Israeli soldiers and civilians and Palestinians , ABC said .
Although confirming the practice took place , authorities within the Israeli military said , " This activity ended a decade ago and does not happen any longer . "
Scheper - Hughes , professor of anthropology at the University of California at Berkeley , released her interview because Sweden 's Aftonbladet newspaper printed Palestinian accusations " that young men have been seized , and made to serve as organ reserve . "
" The symbolism , you know , of taking skin of the population considered to be the enemy is something just in terms of its symbolic weight , that has to be reconsidered , " Scheper - Hughes said .
The story caused diplomatic tension with Israel , which accused the Swedish paper of anti-Semitism .
Israel demanded a condemnation of the article , which the Swedes refused , and a planned official visit to Israel by the Swedish foreign minister was canceled .
Defence Minister John Faulkner has ordered the Defence Department to remove references to biblical passages marked on gunsights being used by Australian troops in Afghanistan .
References to New Testament verses were etched onto the gunsights by the American manufacturer , Trijicon , and the department says it was unaware of their meaning at the time of purchase .
The firm says it has been inscribing references to Bible verses as part of the serial numbers on its products for more than 20 years , during which time they have been used by Australian troops as well as the US and British militaries .
The Australian Defence Force has just over 1,000 of the sights and Senator Faulkner says he was shown some of them during a visit to Victoria Barracks yesterday .
" I understand the concerns about the issue , " he said .
" I have asked Defence to examine the options available to deal with this matter without compromising the safety of our troops and critically important capabilities . "
Overnight Trijicon said it would supply the US military with 100 kits " to enable the removal of the references that are already on products that are currently deployed " by US forces .
Critics have charged that the company is putting troops in danger in Muslim - majority nations where the Western military presence is already bitterly resented .
An ADF spokeswoman said the Department of Defence was unaware of the significance of the serial numbers when it purchased the sights .
" The sights were procured because they provide mature technology which is highly reliable , in wide use by our allies , and best meets Defence requirements , " she told the ABC .
" The Department of Defence is very conscious of the sensitivities associated with this issue and is assessing how to address these as soon as practicable . "
Among the coded inscriptions on Trijicon gunsights are JN8:12 , an apparent reference to John 8:12 : " Then spake Jesus again unto them , saying , I am the light of the world : he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness , but shall have the light of life . "
Another made reference to Psalms 27:1 : " The Lord is my light and my salvation ; whom shall I fear ? " .
The company currently has a multi-year , $ US660 million ( $ 731 million ) contract with the US Marines and other contracts with the US Army .
Just under 300,000 of the gun sights are currently fielded by American forces - 220,000 by the Marines and between 70,000 and 75,000 by the army , a Pentagon official said , speaking on condition of anonymity .
Besides providing kits , the company said it would remove the biblical references on all US military products that have not yet been shipped , and stop inscribing them on gun sights in the future .
Trijicon said it had taken the step " in response to concerns raised by the [ US ] Department of Defence " and to " ensure the war - time production needs of the troops are met as quickly as possible . "
It also offered other international military forces using its products - which include the British military and the New Zealand defence forces - the option to remove the references .
The Pentagon said earlier it was " disturbed " after reports emerged this week about the inscriptions .
The Marine Corps and the Army have launched a review .
The practice appeared to be a direct violation of a US Central Command general order issued after the 2003 US - led invasion of Iraq that strictly prohibits " proselytising of any religion , faith or practice . "
US Army spokesman Gary Tallman earlier said that " we were unaware of these coded biblical references until several days ago , " adding that the service branch currently has about 100,000 of the scopes in its inventory .
" It is not the policy of the Department of Defence to put religious references of any kind on its equipment , " he added .
-ABC /AFP
As often happens when Apple releases a new product , the conversation around the iPad has quickly changed from “ Oooh , I want one ! ” and discussions of what arcane features it ’s lacking into a debate over the eternal question of good vs. evil — or rather , open vs. closed , which in the tech community amounts to pretty much the same thing .
Although many have hinted at or danced around the issue — among them Twitter engineer Alex Payne in a widely read post and Annalee Newitz in a post / polemic at the io9 blog — the first person that I know of who flatly posed the question in good vs. evil terms was Reddit co-founder Aaron Swartz , with a post entitled “ Is Apple Evil ? ”
Swartz ’s point is that however seductive the iPad might seem , the essence of it is evil , because it involves Apple controlling everything — not just the locked - down platform , but every piece of content that comes to users through that platform .
As Swartz writes :
“ That ’s not to say the iPad wo n’t sell , or that I do n’t want one .
The scariest thing is that I think it probably will .
It ’s clear that Apple plans for the iPhone OS to be the future of its product line .
And that ’s scary because the iPhone OS is designed for Apple ’s total control . ”
Swartz says the only reason he can see for pursuing such a goal is Steve Jobs ’ “ megalomaniacal need for control . ”
After declaring himself to be a huge Apple fan , and saying he would buy an iPad right now if he could , he says that despite all that , “ for the first time , I ’ve got a real sinking feeling in my stomach . ”
Payne , meanwhile , declared himself “ disturbed ” after watching the launch , because the product looked to him like “ an attractive , thoughtfully designed , deeply cynical thing . ”
As he explains :
“ The iPad is competing with full - fledged ( if small and ugly ) computers capable of running arbitrary programs and operating systems .
Play all the category games you want , but the iPad is a personal computer .
Apple has decided that openness is not a quality that ’s necessary in a personal computer .
That ’s disturbing . ”
Payne says he ’s concerned that because the iPad is meant primarily for consumption , and because the platform is so closed and controlled , the device could actually usher in the “ end of the hacker era ” in digital history .
The future of personal computing that the iPad shows us , he says , “ is both seductive and dystopian . ”
Newitz says Apple ’s control over the device and everything in it will return the computer world to a time of “ televisions and strip malls . ”
Because the iPad is merely a media consumption device , rather than something that can be modified or used to create much content , Newitz says it has “ all the problems of television , with none of the benefits of computers . ”
“ I know a lot of otherwise - savvy consumers and hackers who are already drooling over the iPad and putting in their orders .
They hate the idea of a restricted device , but they love the shiny - shiny .
I ’m not saying that they should deprive themselves of this pretty new toy .
What I am saying is that this toy represents a crappy , pathetic future . ”
Evil , megalomaniacal , deeply cynical , the harbinger of a crappy and pathetic future ( the Free Software Foundation calls the iPad “ bad for freedom ” ) — none of this is anything Steve Jobs has n’t heard before ( for the good side of things , see Joe Hewitt ’s post . )
Similar criticisms have been leveled against the iPod and iTunes for years ( Chris Dixon of Hunch deals with the quasi- religious open vs. closed question here , and says he would like Apple to remain closed ) .
But is all of this heavy breathing over openness and creativity and the end of the hacker culture really something we need to be worried about ?
Hardly .
The reality is that hackers will continue to break open and get root access to things , installing workarounds and reconfiguring whatever they wish — just as they have with the iPhone .
If anything , it will make them smarter because they ’ll have to try harder .
And even Apple is n’t immune to the marketplace :
The entire app store evolved because of market demands , and the open web will continue to put pressure on the company to be more open ( the advent of app - like sites through HTML5 — which has allowed Google Voice to appear on the iPhone — will likely hasten that process ) .
If anything , the concern about Apple somehow killing our creativity or our open future give Steve Jobs and Apple far more credit for revolutionizing or impeding the evolution of computing than they likely deserve .
It ’s a little like conspiracy theorists assuming that the CIA and the FBI and the NSA and even more shadowy organizations are hard at work altering the very fabric of society to their own nefarious ends .
The reality , of course , is that most of those agencies could n’t find their butts with both hands , and have a hard time even battling a cyber attack now and then , let alone planning some huge , ultra - secret conspiracy .
That ’s not to say Apple is n’t a very smart company , or that its products are n’t influential — they are , in many cases far more influential than their sales would indicate .
But to assume that just because the iPad runs on a locked - down phone OS or has an iTunes - style content platform that the foundation of our entire digital culture is at risk seems a bit much .
Thumbnail photo courtesy of Flickr user zoomar , in - post photos courtesy of zoomar and Flickr user Helico .
Copyright 2010 GigaOm .
All Rights Reserved .
h:64548
s:855973
archived
Thursday we will be joined again by the one , and only Stephen Bassett .
We will talk Ufology , the Million Fax on Washington , plus much more .
Stephen Bassett is a leading advocate in the nation for ending the 61 - year government imposed truth embargo regarding an extraterrestrial presence engaging the human race .
He is a political activist , lobbyist , commentator and columnist .
He is the founder of the Paradigm Research Group , the Executive Director of the Extraterrestrial Phenomena Political Action Committee ( X - PPAC ) , the creator of the Paradigm Clock and the executive producer of the X - Conference .
With the nation and world moving into new and troubling territory , Mr. Bassett will continue to work to create a broad based coalition within the extraterrestrial phenomena research / activist community capable of reaching out to the twenty million plus American citizens who are following the politics of disclosure with interest and concern .
The aim is to form a political structure of sufficient size to meaningfully influence government policies and actions leading up to and following the formal acknowledgment of the extraterrestrial presence
Whoopee cushions are tame .
When we want to humiliate a co-worker , we slip a RAP4 Pressure - Activated Landmine from Real Action Paintball under their desk .
The device is charged with a C0 2 cartridge , and when someone steps ( or sits ) on the thing , it releases a cloud of paint .
You can fill it with any liquid or powder — we recommend Wite - Out or nondairy creamer .
Family shut out of their ' dream home ' by Romanian squatters who moved in over Christmas
With the building works nearly over , Julian and Samantha Mosedale and their three children were looking forward to moving back into the home of their dreams .
But their hopes have turned into a nightmare because a group of Romanians occupied the property over Christmas .
To add insult to injury , police told them that they were being ' racist ' for questioning the squatters ' right to live in Britain on benefits .
Locked out : Julian and Samantha Mosedale with their children Finn , Jake and Toby ( left to right ) had hoped to move back into their ' dream home ' in March
The unwanted guests have changed the locks at the three - bedroom terrace house and moved in their own furniture .
Mr Mosedale , an illustrator , and his wife , a catalogue manager , both 45 , had moved out of the house in Tottenham , North London , in July 2007 for extensive structural and renovation work .
They rented another property and regularly visited the £ 285,000 house to oversee progress .
But , after spending Christmas visiting relatives in Essex , they returned to the house on January 3 to find the squatters installed .
They now fear they could soon be homeless because they can only afford to foot the cost of rent and mortgage payments until March .
Mrs Mosedale , whose three sons are ten , eight , and five , said : ' We called the police as soon as we found out they were in there .
An officer suggested I was racist when I asked if they were Romanians , and did they have a legal right to be in this country .
Squatter ?
' Daniel ' leaves the Mosedales ' house in Tottenham after taking over during Christmas
' We are hard - working citizens yet get treated like criminals when our home is stolen .
This whole thing is making me feel constantly sick .
All we want to do is get on with our lives .
' We feel let down by the law , by government , and by the police , in fact all the authorities that one would expect to protect society .
' The house had builders in it while the renovations were being done .
It was only in the last couple of months that it was left completely empty .
' Our lawyers do n't know how long it will take us to get them out and the stress is really getting to the whole family .
' The kids are upset at the idea that other children are playing with their toys in the garden .
' Our son Jake is old enough to understand what is going on and he is finding it difficult to sleep .
' All the children are incredibly unsettled . '
Target : The £ 285,000 Mosedale 's house .
When the family questioned the squatters ' right to be in Britain , police told them that they were being ' racist '
Yesterday , the couple obtained a county court order giving the squatters 24 hours - until 2.15 pm today - to leave .
But Mr Mosedale fears they will not give in easily .
He said : ' When the papers were served on them they tore them up and threw them back at the guy who'd taken them round . '
He and his wife are also worried that a drawn - out battle would exhaust their savings .
They had planned to move back into the house in March .
Mrs Mosedale said : ' We were in the process of creating our dream home and it has been ruined .
' At the moment there are at least four women , four children and one man living in our home , but neighbours said they have seen many more people going in and out .
' In the meantime we face the prospect of becoming homeless ourselves , since we had only budgeted to pay both rent and our mortgage until mid March . '
Two sisters , Mihaela and Luminitsa Vaduva , are staying in the house with their seven children .
Speaking broken English , Luminitsa said : ' I do n't understand the problem .
We have paid for this home .
If they move us out , then my children will not have a home .
' We are from Romania , we have no money for another home . '
She showed a tenancy agreement but could not provide a contact number for the landlord or say when they had moved in .
On Sunday , November 29 , 57.5 % of Swiss voters approved a ban on the construction of new minarets atop mosques , paving the way for a constitutional amendment .
The referendum will affect the building of new minarets –not mosques–and will not effect Switzerland 's four existing minarets .
The ban has sparked mixed reactions throughout the Arab and Muslim blogospheres :
While some bloggers are outraged , others make the point that banning minarets does not hinder practicing the faith .
Lebanese - American Pierre Tristram , who blogs for About.com , opens a post with this paragraph , condemning the Swiss decision :
How can 59 million people be so dumb , Britain 's Daily Mail famously asked in a day - after headline of the re-election of George W. Bush in 2004 .
The Daily Mail can notch a new one for its shame gallery :
How can 3 million Swiss be so bigoted ?
Tristram closes with this scathing comment : “ The difference between your average Swiss and Iran ‘s Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , the poster child of racist rants , has just gotten much narrower . ”
Egyptian blogger Hicham Maged searches for an answer in his post , and concludes :
In a nutshell , I am looking forward for Swiss people to re-evaluate what happened ; it is not only whether law protect citizen 's rights or not , which is something important to debate and go for in the Swiss courts to correct for sure , but what is more important for me is that this fatal mistake should set up an alarm for not falling into the swamp of ignorance where nothing fill it but fear , anger and stupidity ~ Everywhere !
Another Egyptian blogger , whose blog is entitled Not Green Data , recognizes the credo that “ a mosque is a mosque , ” but laments the loss of the mosque 's beauty in the Swiss ban :
Can you imagine a cube of Swiss Cheese , without its eyes – the holes in it ?
Or a Swiss Knife without the compass or the screwdriver ?
This is exactly what the Swiss people want to do with mosques .
A mosque will remain a mosques without its Minarets , and it will still function the way it is supposed to function without them .
But it will then loose its architectural identity and beauty .
British blogger Matthew Teller , a Middle East travel writer , focuses on the propaganda posters of various Swiss
campaigners , picking apart both sides of the battle in this post , describing the poster to the left :
The repulsive SVP , who ’ve used what the Financial Times called “ strident populism ” to target ‘ foreigners ’ of all kinds in Switzerland as criminals , benefit cheats or worse , kicked off the campaign with the poster opposite : “ Stop !
Yes to the minaret ban ” .
Look at the imagery : minarets as missiles , women as menacing , the burqa as concealment , black as a threat , the Swiss flag cast into shadow from the east , the cross obliterated .
Algerian - American
The Moor Next Door , seeing the ban as a power struggle , remarks :
The minaret , for its opponents , symbolizes Islam ’s “ arrival ” in the Alps .
It stands to proclaim the Muslim presence above other faiths and peoples .
Banning it , then , is to ban a symbol of Muslim power and existence …
The aesthetics of identity , and therefore power , are what the drive is really about .
It is a way for a people in doubt to affirm and define their confused identity by rejecting that of the newcomer’s .
Syrian blogger Maysaloon has a unique perspective on what the most important narrative of this story is .
Setting aside the issues of bigotry , fear , and architectural integrity , the blogger makes the following point :
Neither Swiss bigotry , nor the religious or architectural significance of minarets are what is important about this story .
What is important is that for the first time in 400 years , at least since the Ottomans besieged Vienna , Muslims are having a real impact on what is happening in Europe .
The blogger goes on to highlight the ways in which Islam has influenced the “ west ” and vice versa , concluding :
To sum it up , I am not worried about the bigots .
Minarets and sharia can be banned , headscarves can be torn off , and all the cartoons in the world will not stop the fact that Islam is now in Europe , and it is in America , and it is spreading throughout the world .
To conclude , Mauritanian Twitter user weddady ‘s comment on the end result of the referendum sums up well the sentiment of many .
He says , ” Now no one can pretend that Europe does n't have a problem with Muslims , nor can anyone deny the extensive Islamist presence there . ”
SCREAM BLOODY MURDER ….
It ’s worthwhile to recognize a frustrating political dynamic .
It ’s even more worthwhile to try to do something about it .
Senate Democratic Whip Dick Durbin ( Ill. ) on Thursday admitted the “ general feeling on the Democratic side ” was that Republicans have so far been able to cast controversial protest votes and stall important legislation “ with impunity . ”
He consequently seemed to suggest Republicans ’ behavior in Congress over the past year as hypocritical , as Democrats could never vote against important legislation and emerge unscathed .
“ Some of the votes [ Republicans ] cast — we would be on trial for treason if we had voted against defense appropriations in the midst of a war , ” he told reporters on his way to the Senate chamber .
Durbin was referring to GOP members who tried to block the defense bill out of concern that a hate crimes bill was attached to it .
“ They did it with impunity , ” Durbin lamented .
Durbin ’s right ; they did .
Every reckless , irresponsible , hypocritical , dangerous , and incoherent step Republicans take , they do so “ with impunity . ”
They do so because they ’re pretty confident that Democrats wo n’t effectively raise a fuss , the media wo n’t care , and the public wo n’t know .
And they ’re right .
Let ’s look at this in a different light by imagining a hypothetical .
Let ’s say Democrats ran the government for several years , and ran the country into a ditch .
Disgusted , voters elected a Republican president with a huge mandate , gave Republicans the biggest House majority either party has had in 20 years , and the biggest Senate majority either party has had in 30 years .
Then imagine that , despite the overwhelming edge , Democrats decided — during times of foreign and domestic crises — that they simply would not allow the GOP majority to govern .
Dems ignored the election results and reflexively opposed literally every bill , initiative , and nominee of any consequence , blocking anything and everything .
In this hypothetical , despite two wars , Democrats rejected funding for the troops .
Despite a terrorist plot , Democrats rejected the qualified nominee to head the TSA .
Despite an economic crisis , Democrats rejected economic recovery efforts , a jobs bill , and nominees to fill key Treasury Department posts .
Now , in this hypothetical , what do you suppose the political climate would look like ?
Would the huge Republican majority simply wring its hands ?
Would GOP officials decide it ’s time to try “ bipartisan ” governing ?
Would Republicans shrink from pursing their policy agenda ?
Or would every single day be another opportunity for Republicans to be apoplectic about Democratic obstructionism ?
How many marches on Washington would Fox News organize , demanding that Democrats allow the governing majority to function ?
Put simply , I ’d like Democratic leaders to think about what Republicans would do if the situations were completely reversed .
Then they should do that .
El hombre que aparece en la imagen de la izquierda podría ser , más o menos , Osama bin Laden .
Así lo cree el Gobierno de EEUU , que maneja este ' retrato robot ' del FBI en la búsqueda del líder terrorista .
Pero ... ¿qué pinta a su derecha Gaspar Llamazares ?
¿ Un ' lapsus ' del redactor de ELMUNDO.es al hacer el montaje ?
Esta vez no .
Fíjense en el pelo de ambos : grisáceo , canoso , algo ondulado ... Idéntico .
Y no sólo el pelo ; también la frente es exacta , con esa arruga que la recorre de sien a sien .
Más de un lector , comprensiblemente escéptico , habrá pensado : " ¡ Ya les han colado un ' photoshop ' a los de ELMUNDO.es ! " .
Tampoco .
La imagen en cuestión figura en la página oficial del programa ' Rewards for Justice ' del Departamento de Estado de EEUU , una iniciativa creada en 1984 para conseguir pistas que pudieran llevar a la captura de terroristas a cambio de cantidades que llegan hasta los 25 millones de dólares ( unos 17 millones de euros ) en el caso del ' n úmero uno ' de Al Qaeda .
En concreto , esta fotografía de Bin Laden –sometido al castigo del tiempo casi una década después del 11 - S– se atribuye en el sitio web al FBI .
Pero es aún una gran incógnita cómo llegó alguien de esa agencia a colocarle al terrorista saudí , como si de un ' click ' de Playmobil se tratara , el pelo del antiguo coordinador de Izquierda Unida ( IU ) .
Sorpresa en EEUU
Una fuente del gabinete de prensa del Departamento de Estado confirmó a ELMUNDO.es que el ' retrato robot ' es obra del FBI .
También expresó su sorpresa .
" ¿Y estás seguro de que es un político español ? " , dijo al enterarse de la coincidencia .
" Me alegro de que no sea cosa del Departamento de Estado , sino del FBI , y me alegro también de no estar en la piel de quien haya hecho esto " .
Desde la Oficina de Seguridad Diplomática –entidad responsable del programa ' Rewards for Justice '– , el portavoz David Bates reconoció que aunque el sitio web dependía del Departamento de Estado , la imagen de Bin Laden se creó en los laboratorios del FBI .
" Varias agencias de seguridad estadounidense participan en la iniciativa .
Los laboratorios del FBI actualizaron su fotos de Bin Laden y de paso decidieron ofrecernos las imágenes para nuestro sitio web " .
Por su parte , el FBI asumía con orgullo su papel en la creación de la imagen ; en un comunicado de prensa sobre las fotos Louis E. Grever , director adjunto para Ciencia y Tecnología , tilda las imágenes de ser " poderosos ejemplos de cómo los avances en la tecnología y la ciencia se pueden utilizar para ayudar a encontrar y llevar ante la Justicia a las personas buscadas " .
" El FBI tiene y seguirá aplicando de vanguardia forense , biométricos , y las capacidades técnicas de nuestros casos más difíciles .
Junto con muchos de nuestros socios , tanto aquí como en el extranjero , pedimos que el público nos ayude a localizar y detener a aquellos que nos amenazan " .
Queda pendiente localizar al técnico que decidió colocar el pelo de Llamzares en la cabeza de Bin Laden .
Mientras tanto , desde IU confirmaron que la imagen de Llamazares de la que procede la nueva ' peluca ' del líder de Al Qaeda es original y corresponde a la campaña de las elecciones generales de 2004 , según informa Agustín Yanel .
Introduction
Back in the 90’s self - managed teams were all the rage but they had a high rate of failure mainly because team members lacked people skills .
These ideas of self - managed teams were borrowed by the Agile movement when in 2001 they formulated a ‘ new ’ way of working , based on Agile principles .
However , self - managed teams are inherently unstable and are only successful when the ‘ Leadership – Self - Management ’ dilemma is understood and dealt with .
Too much central control destroys agility , inhibits creativity and resists change .
Too much self - management leads to chaos and anarchy and destroys a team .
A successful Agile Team needs to operate as far along the continuum towards self - management as it can , without tipping over into chaos .
You ca n’t just say to a software development team , “ OK , you ’re now an Agile Team – you need to self - organize ” .
This is a recipe for failure , and one of the reasons why many organizations resist the Agile approach .
What is required from the very first meeting of a new Agile team is to understand the basics of team dynamics .
Everyone must learn as much as they can about human behavior and why people do the things they do !
My own IT degree course hardly spent any time on people skills and nothing on the even more difficult concept of what people need to do to ‘ self - organize ’ into a high - performing team .
I ’ve had to learn this in the world of experience .
I wonder how many readers find themselves in a similar position ?
I ’ve successfully applied the Team Management Systems concepts to many Agile teams that I ’ve been a part of .
A good starting point is for everyone to learn about the nature of teamwork and the preferences people have to engage with some tasks and not others .
If you want to evaluate your own Agile Team we ’ve put up a free Agile Team Performance Questionnaire on our website to help you to measure your team ’s strengths and weaknesses as far as teamwork is concerned .
You ’ll get a free 8 - page assessment of what you think about your team ’s performance , based on the Types of Work Wheel .
The types of work Wheel
The Types of Work Wheel identifies eight distinct ‘ Types of Work ’ that need to be undertaken by all teams , regardless of their industry .
These eight work functions are listed below , with permission from the Team Management Systems organization .
Team Management Systems Types of Work Wheel
The Advising function is associated with the gathering of information from all stakeholders and responding quickly to changing requirements .
It involves keeping up - to - date with developments inside and outside the organization and passing advice on to others to help them in their work .
It requires a transparent flow of knowledge of ' what ' is going on and ' where ' , and a focus on ' consulting skills ' so that information can be gathered quickly , accurately and effectively .
The Innovating function involves generating new ideas and new ways of doing things .
This requires the development of creative problem - solving skills so that the team remains one step ahead of its competitors .
To do this well requires original thought , imagination and innovative thinking .
The Promoting function is concerned with the identification of opportunities and the ' selling ' of these opportunities to others , both inside and outside the organization .
It often involves the application of influencing skills and the making of presentations to others .
It can also involve communicating the team or organizational ' vision ' .
High visibility throughout the organization may also be required .
The Developing function is associated with the turning of concepts into ' reality ' .
Ideas are worked on to produce practical products and services .
In many cases it may also involve developing workable and practical solutions when problems arise .
Agile teams need good analytical skills so that requirements can be quickly prioritized , enabling accurate estimates of iterations and burn down charts .
The Organizing function involves organizing people and resources efficiently by setting clear goals and objectives and making team members accountable for their actions .
It is also associated with the implementation of quick effective action when problems occur , so that the planned outputs are always capable of being achieved .
In summary it is the function that ensures that the work of the team is structured and focused towards common objectives .
The Producing function focuses on outputs , ensuring that iterations are completed to high standards of effectiveness and efficiency .
It is the function associated with the regular delivery of releases and other services .
It requires a systematic approach to work and an emphasis on the delivery of products on time .
The Inspecting function requires an attention to detail and an emphasis on the monitoring of systems , contracts and outputs .
It is also associated with a focus on accuracy , ensuring that work outputs are always delivered to the right quality .
This function is the classic control function where procedures are regularly monitored for their efficiency .
It ’s often a core feature of the sprint review process .
The Maintaining function is a support function which ensures that proper standards of conduct and ethics are upheld and that quality is maintained .
It is also associated with supporting others in the team so that the team processes follow agreed ground rules .
Personal conviction and loyalty are often important to this function as is an interest in helping others .
Work preferences
Nobody enjoys all the tasks that have to be done in an Agile team .
Some tasks we like – others we hate .
This is the idea of Work Preferences - just another name for what we like doing at work .
Work Preferences are dimensions of individual differences in tendencies to show consistent patterns of relationships , thoughts , feelings and actions in the work environment .
Preferences are usually transparent and are often the first thing we notice in others – ‘ He ’s rather quiet , is n’t he ? ’ or ‘ She never stops talking . ’
Some people prefer to think things through on their own whereas others need to talk out loud to clarify their ideas .
Preferences are readily visible to others and are usually the basis of first impressions .
When we are working to our preferences we set up conditions where our psychic energy can flow freely .
If we are more extroverted we like work where there are lots of interactions with others , both inside and outside the organization .
If we are more introverted , then we like conditions where we can work on our own with few interruptions and a minimal requirement for meetings .
Under these conditions our energy can flow freely with minimal resistance .
Just as electrical energy generates heat when it meets resistance so our psychic energy generates tension and stress when it has to flow through areas that are n’t our preference .
I have a preference to work in the Advising and Innovating areas on the Types of Work Wheel and I do n’t really enjoy Promoting or Organizing activities , so wherever possible I ’ll spend time thinking about new ideas or finding out as much as I can about the project .
What happens in an Agile team is that there ’s likely to be an imbalance when you look at the work preferences of all the team members .
If everyone is like me then there ’ll be a tendency to give priority to making changes and incorporating the latest ideas .
Teams like this may have the weakness of never tracking their burn - down charts !
Other weaknesses occur if everyone enjoys just Organizing and Producing .
Your team may be well organized and on - target but is it really delivering what the stakeholders want or indeed need ?
So , if your Agile Team is to be truly effective you must understand the work preferences of all team members and look at the preferences balance .
It will give you an immediate picture of strengths and weaknesses , as far as teamwork is concerned .
Information like this helps ensure that everyone ’s work preferences are matched to the critical demand of the job they have to do .
Where the match is high , our energy flows freely , we are more likely to enjoy our job , stress is lower and we feel happier at work .
But all eight work functions must receive the priority they need and never be relegated to lower importance .
The team management profile
Team Management Systems developed the Team Management
Wheel to combine the idea of preferences with the critical work functions that all teams need to do well .
This describes the characteristics of people who enjoy undertaking the various Types of Work .
The Team Management Wheel
When team members complete a 60 - item questionnaire , they receive a Team Management Profile which discusses their work preferences in detail .
The report identifies a major role ( e.g. Thruster - Organizer ) and two related roles which usually account for the majority of the respondent ’s work preferences .
Usually you will enjoy a job where two - thirds of your critical tasks align with your work preferences .
When this occurs you will have a high level of engagement with your preferences – and that means greater commitment to the team .
It ’s also associated with increased happiness at work .
Here are some general characteristics of each sector :
Reporter - Adviser : Prefers gathering information and likes to fully understand situations before acting Creator - Innovator : Enjoys thinking up new ideas and new ways of doing things rather than focusing on delivering outputs on a regular basis .
Explorer - Promoter : Like to take ideas and promote them to others , not worrying too much about any details involved .
Assessor - Developer : Enjoy analyzing and developing different possibilities before decisions are made Thruster - Organizer : Like to make things happen and get results rather than ‘ waste ’ too much time debating issues Concluder - Producer : Practical people who like to carry through things to the end by working to a plan Controller - Inspector : Quieter , reflective people who enjoy the detailed side of work and like dealing with facts and figures .
Upholder - Maintainer : Enjoy working in support of others ensuring that tasks are delivered to high standards
One of the main applications of the Team Management
Wheel is for teams to map everyone ’s role preferences onto the Wheel and then use the distribution to assign tasks and responsibilities , as well as adding to the team ground rules key actions that will ensure that those parts of the Wheel having a lower preferences are not ignored .
Diversity
Different roles on the Team Management
Wheel see the world in different ways and this is excellent for problem - solving and decision making .
A balanced team on the Team Management
Wheel will ensure multiple descriptions of the same event occur and from this diversity more options can be considered .
If everybody maps into the same part of the Wheel then single descriptions arise and there is a tendency for a much narrower range of options to be considered , and this invariably leads to ‘ group think ’ .
However opposites on the Team Management
Wheel are prone to making negative attributions about each other .
Explorer - Promoters , for example , may see Controller - Inspectors as dull , boring , pedantic and detail - oriented .
Controller - Inspectors in return may see Explorer - Promoters as loud - mouthed , waffling and with little substance .
It ’s a natural human tendency to look negatively at those who are ‘ different ’ .
However all roles are necessary to get the best from a team because it is out of diversity that the best solutions often arise .
This is where teams have difficulty in self - organizing – because conflict is always incipient and can break out at a moment ’s notice , leading to chaos and failure .
The traditional way to prevent this has been strong leadership control , but this goes against the values of Independence and Empowerment which are usually the hallmark of the Agile knowledge worker ( BA ’s , Developers , Testers , PM etc ) .
Team members react against the organizational constraints and do n’t feel they have ownership of the team ’s outputs .
This results in low levels of motivation and commitment , which leads to apathy and low performance .
However once team members learn to understand and value ‘ difference ’ , the leadership control function can be substantially relaxed and self - organization can take place .
This requires a substantial training and development input from day one .
High - performing Agile
Teams do n’t create themselves – they need help !
Linking
So what are some of the important Linking Skills ?
They are n’t preferences but a set of skills that applies individually to team members and collectively to the whole team .
To sustain a low level of leadership control and a high level of autonomy , Agile Teams need to focus on the central part of the Team Management Wheel – Linking .
In all there are six people skills , five task skills and two transformational skills – but the most important ones to get right are the six people linking skills .
These enable the team to operate at the self - organizing end of the Leadership - Self - management continuum .
The People Linking Skills are : Active Listening , Communication , Team Relationships , Problem - solving & Counseling , Participative Management and Interface Management .
Agile team members need to :
Active Listening
Listen well while others are speaking
Ask questions rather than make statements
Summarize well their understanding of what has been said
Not interrupt when others are speaking
Check others feelings on important matters
Engender a good two - way discussion of issues
Communication
Contribute regularly to discussions at team meetings
Communicate persuasively when speaking
Keep others well informed
Be effective at written communication
Facilitate group discussions well
Vary their communication style to match the needs of others
Team Relationships
Make sure team members understand how their roles and responsibilities affect one another
Ensure that team members value one another ’s contributions
Positively address conflict issues that may arise among team members
Develop high levels of trust with team members
Encourage the development of mutual respect
Promote loyalty and pride among team members
Problem - Solving and Counseling
Be readily available to discuss problems
Deliver on their commitments
Be responsive to others ’ problems
Gather and assesses information before making judgments
Help team members to improve performance
Ensure everyone feels able to share their concerns
Participative Decision Making
Share key problems and opportunities with other team members
Encourage differing points of view to be put forward and discussed
Encourage people to express their opinions and participate in discussions
Involve the team in the development of solutions to major problems and opportunities
Organize effective meetings so that team members can contribute to problem solving
Ask for input from members of the team about matters that affect them
Interface Management
Coordinate and integrate the work of other team members
Ensure that team members regularly get together to review how well the team is working
Communicate what is needed from other groups / teams in order to achieve team goals
Effectively handle disagreements between their team and others
Encourage team members to cooperate with other groups which impact the team
Represent the team well in discussions with senior management
It takes time to develop all these skills but a start is made at the first meeting of the Agile Team .
Team members received a personal Team Management Profile report which gives them positive feedback about the way they prefer to work .
The Pacing section of the report highlights how each person likes others to communicate with them .
This opens up discussion around the People Linking Skill of Communication .
Everyone learns that Communication is dynamic – you have to constantly change the way you communicate depending on who is on the other side of the loop .
A Thruster - Organizer interacting with a Reporter - Adviser needs to use a totally different approach than when interacting with another Thruster - Organizer .
Using their Profile report as a basis , team members are encouraged to draw up list of answers to two questions :
When interacting with me it ’s best if you ……..
The things that annoy me most when others communicate with me are ……
This information is then shared .
Conclusion
The Leadership – Self - management Dilemma has intrigued behavioral researchers for years .
For Agile
Teams the challenge is to strike a balance between the structure required to achieve high performance and the leadership control to effect it .
Teams can only operate at the self - management end of the dilemma if they understand a lot about people and why they behave the way they do .
High - performing Agile Teams have learned to :
Recognize individuals as autonomous , intelligent agents that interact and collaborate by understanding and valuing behavioral differences
Operate with simple ground rules that help them function at the edge of chaos
Willingly undergo continuous learning and adaptation
Implement the Linking Skills , where guidance rather than control allows emergent order to appear , thereby harnessing creative talent
Operate with open information to all team members and stakeholders , making use of agile project management tools to capture and share rapidly changing situations
Is your team coping with working in an Agile way ?
Take the free Agile Team Performance Quiz now and rate your current or future Agile project .
You ’ll get a free 8 - page assessment of what you think about your team ’s performance .
About the Author
Rowan McCann has 10 years experience implementing IT applications , with a Management Consulting background .
He has worked on some of the largest global ERP and CRM implementations in the capacity of Developer , Business Analyst and Architect .
He has recently partnered with international teamwork specialists Team Management Systems , to conduct research into improving the performance of IT teams .
Academic economists gather in Atlanta this weekend for their annual meetings , always held the first weekend after New Year 's Day .
That 's not only because it coincides with holidays at most universities .
A post -holiday lull in business travel also puts hotel rates near the lowest point of the year .
Economists are often cheapskates .
The ...
Okay , I 've seen lots of hand wringing here today about broken promises , betrayal , lies , etc ...
But why should people be burdened with the truth , when they can believe whatever they want to ?
Obama is doing almost to the letter exactly what he said he'd do .
Below is a quotation from his op -ed of July 14 , 2008 .
Here is the NYT website for a full transcript .
http://www.nytimes.com/...
Ending the war is essential to meeting our broader strategic goals , starting in Afghanistan and Pakistan , where the Taliban is resurgent and Al Qaeda has a safe haven .
Iraq is not the central front in the war on terrorism , and it never has been .
As Adm .
Mike Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , recently pointed out , we wo n’t have sufficient resources to finish the job in Afghanistan until we reduce our commitment to Iraq .
As president , I would pursue a new strategy , and begin by providing at least two additional combat brigades to support our effort in Afghanistan .
We need more troops , more helicopters , better intelligence - gathering and more nonmilitary assistance to accomplish the mission there .
I would not hold our military , our resources and our foreign policy hostage to a misguided desire to maintain permanent bases in Iraq .
Did you notice the bolded section ?
Tonight he 's going to call for two additional combat brigades .
Where have we heard this before ?
So to all who think he 's changed , guess again .
He is really a man of his word , the problem is so many want to put their own words in his mouth .
Lusha the chimpanzee outperforms 94 % of Russia bankers with her investment portfolio
They are paid a fortune for their ability to make complex decisions about where to invest millions of pounds every single day .
But perhaps the job of an investment banker is not quite as difficult as it might seem .
A chimpanzee in Russia has out - performed 94 per cent of the country 's investment funds with her portfolio growing by three times in the last year .
Moscow TV reported how circus chimp Lusha chose eight companies from a possible 30 to invest her one million roubles - around £ 21,000 .
Lusha the monkey in her stage act for a Moscow circus .
Lusha has outperformed almost all of Russia 's investment funds with her stock picks
' She bought successfully and her portfolio grew almost three times .
She did better than almost the whole of the rest of the market , ' said editor of Russian Finance magazine Oleg Anisimov .
He questioned why so - called financial whizz - kids are still receiving hefty perks for their expertise .
' Everyone is shocked .
What are they getting their bonuses for ?
Maybe it 's worth sending them all to the circus . '
The money - wise mape was given cubes representing different companies and asked : ' Lusha where would you like to invest your money this year ? '
Pausing briefing to think , she then picked out her eight cubes .
Lusha 's top picks included banks where shares soon rose a stunning 600 per cent after large - scale support from the Kremlin to weather the crisis .
She missed out on telecommunications which scored a 240 per cent profit , but went for mining companies , up 150 per cent .
The Russian media heaped more scorn on the investment experts saying : ' Lusha made all serious analysts look like clowns . '
One broker hit back : ' If the experiment had taken place a year earlier , the monkey would not have had enough money to pay for her bananas . '
And her trainer Svetlana Maksimova admitted : ' Money questions should be decided by financiers and politicians .
If monkeys get into it , our economy will collapse at once . '
But Pavel Trunin , the head of monetary policy department at the Institute for the Economy in Transition in Moscow , said enviously : ' It shows that financial knowledge does not play a great role in giving forecasts to how the market will change .
It is usually a matter of more or less successful guessing .
And the monkey got lucky . '
The monkey , owned by legendary Russian trainer Lev Dorov , split her investments between state - owned corporations and private companies .
Common Currency Woes European Union Sees Threats to the Euro
Late last year , it became fashionable to predict the dollar 's demise .
This year , however , shaky state finances within the European common currency zone have many worried about the future of the euro .
Even the EU thinks the monetary union could be in danger .
When in school , students are always on the lookout for cheap and easy college meals .
Particularly when living in US dorms and away from your parents ’ house , a cheap and delicious hot meal is hard to come by .
Students need something that ’s easy to prepare , inexpensive and quick .
Tired of take out ?
Hit the supermarket !
You ’ll save money with these cheap and easy college meals you can make in any kitchen or kitchenette :
Breakfast
1. Pancakes
Do n’t feel like going to the grocery store to buy all the ingredients ?
Mixes make pancakes easy !
Just add water and pour the mix into a frying pan for some quick ( and delicious ) pancakes !
Another easy pancake recipe uses orange juice , milk and whole wheat flour .
Take this easy college meal to the next level by adding blueberries ( antioxidants ! ) or eggs on the side ( pure protein ) .
2. Bagels
You can make the humble bagel into an easy college meal .
For starters , if you buy them in a pack , bagels are inexpensive .
Grab some cream cheese ( both savory and sweet ) , some fruits and vegetables , some juice , and you ’re set with several easy college meal options !
3. Fruit and Oatmeal
Any kind of fruit works ( bananas , strawberries , apples , etc. ) .
Add fruit and a little milk , if you feel like it , to instant oatmeal or cooked rolled oats .
This college meal is simple and filling !
Use skim milk for a meal that is practically zero fat .
Lunch / Dinner
4. Mac & Cheese
Is your college meal plan running low ?
An easy college meal staple , macaroni and cheese is delicious , filling and simple to make !
Many brands offer classic favorites you can easily make in your dorm ’s kitchen .
Frozen options are also available if you have access to an oven or microwave .
Chop up some vegetables – broccoli , tomatoes , peppers or carrots – to add a little variety .
5. Grilled Cheese & Tomato Soup
Getting homesick ?
There ’s nothing like this standard easy college meal to make you feel at home .
Heat some tomato soup , pan - fry some bread with your favorite cheese and you ’ll be enjoying this meal within 20 minutes .
Add a dash of milk to the soup for extra richness .
6. Quesadillas
Get some tortillas and shredded cheese from your nearest supermarket , and stick ’em in the microwave .
In under two minutes , you ’ve got a delicious easy college meal or snack that ’s virtually mess - free .
7. Tostadas
Tostadas with refried beans and cheese are a great easy college meal and a protein boost to boot .
Put them in the oven for 5 minutes at 350 degrees , and they should come out ready to eat !
For toppings , try green onions , jalapeños , salsa , sour cream or guacamole .
Dessert
8. Three - Ingredient Peanut Butter Cookie
Do n’t believe it ?
Here ’s how it ’s done .
Ingredients :
1 cup peanut butter ( chunky or creamy , your choice )
1 cup granulated sugar ( the white kind , like you put in coffee )
1 egg , beaten
Directions :
Mix ingredients together in bowl .
Put 1 ″ - 2 ″ chunks of batter onto greased / buttered cookie sheet .
( Cookies will expand and melt a little bit while cooking . )
Cook at 375° until done to your preference .
9. Iced Graham Crackers
All you need is a box of graham crackers and some icing ( easily homemade with butter and confectioner ’s sugar ) .
Split the graham crackers in half and spread the icing on them to make a sandwich .
For best results , stick them in the freezer .
Apply a little creativity to a little budget and you can come up with plenty of ideas for easy college meals .
Share your favorite easy college meal recipes in the comments below !
20 of the Weirdest Japanese Films
Japan is known for its creativity and nowhere is that illustrated more colorfully than in the world of the cinema , particularly the horror venue .
Japan has become as bloody and grotesque as any of its western counterparts in the last few decades beginning with Godzilla , Asia ’s answer to America ’s favorite gorilla , King Kong .
Without further adieu , here are some prime candidates for the dubious honor of 20 of the weirdest Japanese films .
1. Godzilla ( 1954 )
A pop culture icon , Godzilla was designed as a cross between a gorilla and a whale and has graced the screen 28 times in 28 films , not to mention numerous appearances in comic books , video games , and novels .
The special effects were novel for the time but the plot of a monster devouring downtown Tokyo was trite as well as weird !
2. Tampopo ( 1988 )
A spaghetti-western type film about the many aspects of the dining experience , and its effect on the human spirit , it stars Nobuko Miyamoto as a noodle shop owner .
The viewer is taken from a decadent culinary orgy to a perfect bowl of steaming hot ramen .
Funny , erotic and weird , food is a metaphor for just about everything in life .
3. Panty Mask ( 1991 )
By almost any standards , this film set in an old western town populated entirely by cute young Catholic school girls and shotgun - toting nuns who have killed off the entire male population is as weird as they come .
The super heroine is Panty Mask who sports a leather bikini and a pair of leather girls ’ underwear on her face .
Complete with singing numbers and a grand musical finale of “ Ten Little Indians ” , one can only wonder …why ?
4. Keko Mask ( 1991 )
Far out and brazen , Keko Mask is a totally outrageous film of violence , sexual fetishism and the manga culture of comic books .
Blessed with enough insane glee and energy to leap across cultural bad - taste zones , the film is set in a girls ’ boarding school where torture in the form of extreme discipline runs amuck !
In Green Hornet fashion , Keko Mask , costumed crime fighter comes to the rescue , snapping necks and flashing body parts .
5. Weather Woman ( 1995 )
A truly bizarre comedy film that has reached cult status , Weather Woman is the story of an ambitious weather forecaster who decides to show her panties in order to improve her show ’s ratings .
Weird and off the wall , this film is genuinely funny and well worth seeing .
6. Wild Life ( 1997 )
This good - tough - guy - meets - bad - tough - guy film that was directed by Aoyama Shinji , who is known for his psychological “ schlock horror films .
This film is a departure from that vein and is enjoyable and well rounded on several levels .
It is the story of an ex-boxer ( played by Kosuke Toyohara ) who rediscovers himself in the midst of a life - threatening chain of events that include blackmail , deception , and yakuza violence .
Subtle and deliberate , the characters and story line are convincing .
A complicated series of weird flashbacks render an exciting new flair to the yakuza thriller genre .
7. Ringu ( 1998 )
With a tagline claiming ; “ one curse , one cure , one week to find it , ” a young journalist cannot help but face suspense and impending doom as she investigates the sudden death of her niece and several of her friends exactly one week after viewing a cursed video tape .
Tense but improbable , the key to the tape ( and the movie ) concerns a volcanic island and a very strange little girl named Sadako .
8. Japanese Hell ( 1999 )
A young girl finds herself mixed up in a cult responsible for the sarin gas attack on Japan ’s subway system .
Her soul teeters on the edge of damnation .
The Queen of Hell grants her a chance to evaluate her path by offering her a visit into the fiery abyss .
A thoroughly dark and sinister tale ; it is part horror show and part costumed morality play ( and more than a little part weird ) .
9. Battle Royal ( 2000 )
Japans legislates the Battle Royale Act , which sends a group of teenagers off to an island where they must fight for survival and only one student can leave alive .
This orgy of violence is a very entertaining movie with a high shock factor and a lot of deep meaning behind the violence .
The fact that teens are murderously pitted against one another is the most troubling aspect of this film .
10 . Ichi the Killer ( 2001 )
Based on the extreme manga with the same name , this is the ultra violent story of a clan that has suffered the loss of their leader .
In this sick and twisted weird fantasy , Ichi the killer pursues the clan and is bent on killing them all even though no one knows exactly why .
This film is extremely violent with a senseless ending , but if you enjoy the visual spray of body parts and sexual violence , you will enjoy this weird display of something or other .
11 . Visitor Q ( 2001 )
This weird film , which is directed by Takashi Miike , focuses on social taboos such as drug-use , incest and prostitution and yet maintains a humorous undertone .
It constantly pushes the envelope as to what people can and will look at and accept as subject matter for a film .
12 . Suicide Club ( 2002 )
Part of a trilogy renowned for its controversial subject matter and gory presentation , this independent film has developed a cult following .
Written and directed by Sion Sono , it concerns a wave of seemingly unconnected suicides and the efforts of the police to determine who and what is behind them .
13 . Dark Water ( 2002 )
Directed by Hideo Nakata , this horror film is based on the theme of a drowned innocent child transforming into a malevolent spiritual force .
A leak in the ceiling , a mysterious red backpack and a divorcé and daughter in a creepy apartment all add up to a film with contrived effects that in the end may be very weird but are also all wet .
14 . Moon Child ( 2003 )
Set in the 21st century and directed by Takahisa Zeze , a group of childhood friends travel through a violent criminal underworld in a fictional city in China .
A member of a drug gang develops a strong bond with his organization ’s newest member , a vampire .
Over time , their love for the same woman drives a wedge between them .
This film contains much violence and gunplay for those who love that sort of thing .
15 . Cutie Honey ( 2004 )
A very strange film by anyone ’s standards , this one was directed by Hideaki Anno .
It stars popular Japanese model , Eriko Sato , as Honey Kisaragi , who can transform at will into the busty , red or pink - haired heroine , Cutie Honey , and fight against assorted villains who threaten her or her world .
16 . One Missed Call ( 2004 )
Directed by Takashi Miike , the film ’s trademark , “ ringtone of death ” , became very popular .
Built on the premise of a malevolent force intent on destroying all it encounters , the film centers on a curse that propagates itself through the cell phone and a chain of unsuspecting cell phone users .
Do n’t take this weird call .
17 . Survive Style +5 ( 2004 )
Directed by Gen Sekiguchi , this weird film follows several simultaneous , loosely linked plot lines that intertwine .
They include : a man who keeps killing his wife and burying her only to find her alive and quite angrily awaiting him when he returns home , a suburban father who is hypnotized into believing he is a bird and can fly , a trio of teens who burglarize homes and a murderous executive who tries to think up ideas for commercials .
If this film is n’t weird , nothing is .
18 . Infection ( 2005 )
The film concerns a medical cover - up and an infectious and deadly disease that threatens both discovery of the crime and the safety of all who work in the hospital where the story takes place .
At first , this weird film appears to be an effective psychological horror film but then it deteriorates into the more typical variety , with gory special effects to create the infection as an ubiquitous green slime .
The film has a strong beginning , but a very weak ending .
19 . Death Trance ( 2005 )
Set in what appears to be a cross between feudal forests and post - apocalyptic landscapes , one lone samurai seeks his final battle .
He has stolen a mysterious coffin that many other people want and are willing to fight for .
Elaborate costumes and scenery disguise a lack of plot or character development in this very weird film .
20 . Death Note ( 2006 )
This a series of two live - action Japanese films based on the Death Note manga and anime series by Tsugumi Ohba and Takeshi Obata .
Its focus is a university student who decides to rid the world of evil with the help of a supernatural notebook that kills anyone whose name is written in it .
Here then are twenty weird films to rush out a find .
If you are already weird , these are certain to cement your position .
Think we missed a weird Japanese film people should know about ?
Leave a comment below .
( Link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
It had been a long day , Steve was fumbling for his keys when a somewhat strained voice shook him from his fog .
" Steve , I hate to ask , but could you take a look at my computer ? "
That figures , he thought .
10 hours of computer work at the office and I get to do charity work as soon as I set foot in the door .
Cindy was nice enough and he really did n't mind helping her most of the time but this was the third time in as many weeks she had an issue with her PC .
" Could it wait till the weekend ?
I 'm just getting home and ... "
" Please , I 'll order pizza or something to make it up to you . "
Knowing the tone from years of experience , there was little chance of talking his way out of this .
" OK , but hold off on the food .
Let me see what 's going on first , it might be a quick fix "
About a hour later , and one pizza slice remaining ...
" Cindy , how does you computer keep getting loaded with all this stuff ? "
" I do n't know , it 's not like I 'm going to the sites from the pop-ups , I hate those stupid hackers "
" You mean crackers "
" Are n't the guys who do stuff like breaking into the FBI called hackers "
" Yea , the media calls them that , but it 's more correct to call them crackers .
Hackers are n't always bad , they just want to take stuff apart and see what 's inside .
Sometimes to see how it works or to make it better .
Other times they want to make something do stuff that nobody ever thought it could do . "
" Like how "
" Well , software hackers like to do stuff like advancing a program so it could work with files that it could n't use before , hardware guys like to stuff things into places that you would n't expect "
" Sounds naughty "
" That 's not what I meant "
" So what did you mean ? "
" Like putting an MP3 player into a cassette player , or a cell phone into an old telephone "
" Crazy "
" It can be , I know I 've had some wild ideas but I do n't get a lot of time to work on them "
" So , you 're a hacker then ? "
" I guess .
Trapped by my own definition "
" So what kind are you , software or hardware ? "
" Hardware , definitely .
Software is too intangible - I like working with my hands "
" Oh so you like stuffing things into unexpected places and surprising people then ? "
" Cute , I like the challenge .
Thinking of creative ways to use ordinary items . "
" So like what exactly ? "
" Like building an MP3 player into a Jukebox or a picture framed LCD that can connect to my computer to run slide shows so I do n't have to look at the same picture all the time . "
" Hmm ... what 's the wildest thing you 've seen done "
Distracted by another pop-up
Steve did n't even process what he was saying until it was too late .
" A mixer turned into a fucking machine "
Reality seemed to halt and freeze .
The seconds seemed like hours before Cindy recovered from the statement .
" What !
No !
Really ?
You 're not serious ? "
Flushed and on the verge of stammering Steve decided to play bold .
" Sure , the body is not that different from other machines .
You just need to know how to work with it .
Body - building could be considered hacking for that matter . "
" Yea , but that 's not as nasty as fucking somebody with a mixer .
How can that feel any good , spinning like a mixer seems kinda pointless . "
Damn , he thought , so much for derailing that train .
" Well , it does n't work like a mixer .
They hacked it to um ... thrust um ... in and out . "
Cindy was now giggling and turning red .
" Bullshit " she shot between giggles " you 're making that up to try and embarrass me . "
" Really , wanna bet on that ? "
" Sure , loser cleans the winners apartment "
" Deal "
" In the buff "
" Um ... you sure about that ? "
" Damn right I 'm sure .
Chickening out on me ? "
" Nope , just making sure .
I 'd hate to have you think I 'm being unfair . "
" You 're assuming that I 'm going to lose here ya smartass .
How long do you want to produce your ' proof ' of this mixer - fucker - thing "
" How long do you want to give me ? "
" I 'd give it a week before I 'd have you cleaning the crown moulding in here "
" How about 5 seconds ? "
" Bullshi ... "
Her voice trailed off as he swivelled the monitor to her and she saw a woman with her legs spread wide being fucked by a highly modified mixer .
The sound was down , but was still loud enough that she could hear the woman moaning over the noise of her mechanical lover .
Her eyes were closed in and her body was tremoring with a combination of spasms of pleasure and impact from the machine relentlessly pounding into her body .
Cindy was dumbstruck .
She just lost the bet but she could n't take her eyes off the screen .
It could n't be , things like this do n't really exist .
The woman on the screen raised her feet even higher in the air and started to sound almost desperate in her moaning .
Steve realized that he just crossed a line and he needed to do some damage control before Cindy thought he was a complete pervert , he killed the video window and swallowed hard .
" You know what , deals off .
I knew I 'd win – it's not right "
" My .. my .. my stupid idea , besides what if I 'd won .
You 'd do it , I know you would .
You want me to come over tomorrow to clean your place "
Steve thought about it for a few moments .
" Um , I 'm going to be a bit late tomorrow .
How about Friday , after work "
" Sure .
I 'll see you then . "
Cindy sounded a bit hurt , still smarting from losing the bet .
Friday after work , Cindy came home and grabbed a shower .
Her thoughts were still haunted by the video Steve had pulled up .
What would it be like to have a machine like that ?
A lover that would never quit until you were satisfied ?
Pounding into you , relentless and insatiable .
Her hands lazily crossed her nipples and ran down her stomach to her pussy .
She slowly spread her lips with her fingertips and felt the warm water dancing across her labia .
Slowly circling her clit with her water slick finger , she let her mind toy with being pounded by the machine from the video .
Faster than she expected the crest of a climax came rising .
She closed her legs tightly and rocked her hips gently to allow her clit to squirm against her now captive fingers .
Waves of pleasure rolled through her and slowly subsided .
Spent , she sank to her knees and let the water flow over her for a few minutes while she recovered from the orgasm .
After the shower she fixed her hair and made a quick snack .
" Well girl , you 've done it now .
Cleaning a guy 's apartment wearing nothing but a smile .
If this does n't teach me to keep my mouth shut nothing will "
She said to herself between bites .
She pulled on a thick terry cloth dressing gown and headed down the hall to Steve 's door .
She bit her bottom lip as she raised her hand to knock on the door and wondered if she could figure out a way to back out of this .
" No , I made a bet .
I 'll follow through with this "
And she knocked firmly on the door .
" Hold on " came the voice from door .
Her heart jumped as the lock snapped open and she actually had to fight the urge to run as the door swung open .
" Steve . " she said as controlled as her nerves would allow .
Not waiting for him to invite her in , she stormed in so she could n't change her mind .
Once she was inside , she thought , I can't get away – I 'll have to go through with this .
She allowed her eyes to scan the room , checking out places that she could simultaneously clean and hide behind and she started to come to a realization .
" Did you clean this place before I came over ? "
" No . "
" Why is it so clean in here .
My mother 's place should look this clean "
Steve just stood there with a hint of a smile .
" Steve ...
So help me , if you do n't fess up . "
" OK , ok .
Calm down .
I hired a cleaning service .
You were ready to pay off the bet , but there 's nothing to clean so it 's all good .
You can go home , it 's all good . "
Cindy was frozen .
All she could do was look at him .
This was the most confused she could ever remember being .
On one hand this was the sweetest most honourable thing anyone had ever done for her .
On the other hand , who the hell asked him to pay her bet ?!
Dozens of guys would love to have her running naked around their apartment , what the hell was wrong with him .
" Oh well , I 'm not going home just yet .
I planned to be over here for a while and I do n't care if all I do is sit around "
And with that she slipped out of her gown and handed it to him " Hang that up for me will you "
Steve was stunned .
Things like this only happen in the movies .
He 'd tried to make it so Cindy would n't have to feel like she was being hustled , but she seemed more determined than ever now to go through with it .
What does one do with a hot naked woman that refuses to leave your apartment – the question sounded so ridiculous all he could do was smile .
After about half an hour he was starting to get used to the idea of a naked Cindy chatting on the couch with him .
He was fighting the urge to let his eyes wander over the beautiful body .
" You know , I still do n't get this hacker thing "
" What do n't you get ? "
" I mean , why ?
If a computer works fine as a computer , why try and make it look like a toaster ? "
" It 's a combination of things .
Challenge , expression of individually , and invention mostly "
" Showing off too I guess ? "
" For some people , I 'm more about finding new ways to use things "
" Like what for example "
" Well , I do n't know .
That glass vase might look good as a fish bowl "
" Too easy , I could have come up with that "
" I did n't know this was going to be a test .
OK , how about the coat rack changed to be a plant stand "
" Steve " she said mocking him with her eyes " turn in your hacker membership card – that was lame "
" Fine , tell you what .
You pick something and I 'll tell you what I can do with it . "
" OK , the rug by the door . "
" Too easy , drop in a pressure switch and tie it to a remote actuator on the door so it'll open automatically when you step on the mat "
" Hmm ... too easy .
The stores have had that forever .
How about those metal bowls "
" Now there 's a challenge .
Let me see , drill a hole in the centre of each , mount them inverted on a rod so they hang like bells and get a small pump to turn the whole thing into a water cascade .
If you really wanted to step that up , you could hook up a clock with a trigger and a few servos so it'd chime on the hour too . "
Cindy , forgetting that she was n't wearing any clothes , moved her hands off her breasts and slapped both hands on the couch as she laughed .
The quick change in temperature caused her nipples to stiffen so rapidly it almost hurt .
Her hands dove back to cover them almost before she realized what was happening
" God Steve , how did you come up with that so fast ? "
" It 's natural for me .
I see the world in less rigid forms than most people "
" So you could turn just about anything to a purpose of your choosing ? "
" Within certain limits of course .
TNT is n't a good choice for a fireplace liner . "
" Very funny "
" But true .
Safety , then hacking .
In that order . "
" And anything can be hacked ? "
" Virtually , I can't think of anything that could n't be hacked "
" I 'll make you a bet "
" That did n't work out so well for you the last time "
" Smartass , there are worse things than having a naked woman on your couch you know . "
" Fine , what 's the bet then "
" I bet you can't use your hacker skills to accomplish a task that I set out .
The rules are this .
You can only use what you find in this apartment , you can't use the phone to get stuff from outside .
You can use your hands to build and use what you build .
You can not make physical contact with the item to be hacked .
Oh and there is a 2 hour time limit . "
" Interesting , what do you get if I can't complete the challenge ? "
" You have to be at my beck and call for a week .
Housework , computer service you name it .
I 'll let you keep your pants on though . "
" What if I win ? "
" I 'll do the same , clothes on this time though . "
" Two hours , anything in here .
I do n't know . "
" Chicken , come on .
I promise I wo n't make it hard on you when you lose . "
" What makes you think I 'll lose ? "
" You tell me .
You 're the one who 's hesitating "
" Fine , deal .
What am I hacking ? "
" Me . "
Steve 's brain forced everything into slow motion as two distinct streams of thought shattered against each other .
The drive to evaluate everything he had in the apartment as a hackable item and the concept of pleasuring Cindy did n't mix well .
He dropped back on the couch and closed his eyes to settle his mind .
Cindy almost passed out as she heard the challenge she made to Steve , had she lost her mind ?
And what was up with Steve ?
He just looked like he went to sleep .
What was she thinking ?
Steve 's mind was still fragmented but it was clearing , his eyes snapped open and locked to Cindy's .
" A couple a extra rules before we start , OK ? "
" Like what ? "
" There is no such thing as weird or kinky for the next two hours .
You stop me , you lose . "
" Ok " She said a bit slowly , as if chewing the thought as she agreed to it .
" Is there anything you need to tell me before we start ? "
" Like what ? "
" Are you allergic to anything , do you have any phobias I should know about ? "
" Jesus , what are you planning ?
Forget it , I 'm not allergic to anything and the only thing that scares me are leeches – long story , do n't ask . "
" Well , let 's get started .
Would you go to the bathroom and get the toothbrushes in the left drawer .
There 's a manual one and an electric "
Cindy bounded off at a pace that matched her heartbeat .
She found what she came in for and was about to head back out when she stopped and looked at herself in the mirror .
" What the hell am I doing ?
I 'm crazy .
I 'm scared out of my mind . "
She shook her head and set her look to a more determined one .
" A bet 's a bet "
When she came back into the living room Steve had been moving some of the furniture around and was currently engaged in digging in a pair of foot lockers .
" Oh , hey , great thanks .
Would you grab the broom from over by the door and bring it over . "
A bit confused but still playing along she retrieved the broom as he requested .
" So why move the couches closer together . "
" To buy myself some time . "
" What ?
Did you hit your head while I was gone ? "
" Just give me a minute , you 'll see . "
She watched as he pulled out two party balloons and stretched them over the head of the electric toothbrush .
He then removed the head of the broom and then held it out to the arms of the couch and then looked back to Cindy .
Her face flushed as she realized that he was staring very intently at her crotch .
" Cindy , can you grab me a couple of books .
I think the hard cover Spanish - English and the thesaurus should do . "
Dutifully she brought them back in time to see Steve pull out a roll of duct tape and watched as he started taping the books to the ends of the broom handle .
Then the balloon wrapped electric toothbrush was taped to the centre of the broomstick .
" Ok , round one is ready .
Stand over this and pick it up .
Cindy was now seriously concerned .
This looked like junk and tape – maybe she made a mistake .
She did as Steve asked all the same .
" Now what "
" Keep the stick between your legs and place to books on the arms of the two couches and you 'll get the idea "
As she moved into position it started to make sense .
The books were to make up for the difference in the hight of her pussy and the arm of the couch .
It was now less than an inch away from her lips .
" Now , this is n't much of a hack , but lets see if this does anything for you "
She felt something touch the back of her neck and slowly slide down her spine .
Soft but kind of tingly – the other toothbrush .
She dropped away from the stimulation as it was almost too much and then realized that the broomstick was directly in her way .
Now the toothbrush wandered its way across her hip and down her leg and started stroking the back of her knee .
" Move forward , about a foot "
She moved as she was told .
The rubber clad tip of the other toothbrush was now nestling itself in to the folds that hid her clit from the world .
Steve reached down and flicked the switch .
Cindy 's mouth formed a silent " O " and then spread into a dreamy smile as she now understood .
The head of the toothbrush was buzzing and stroking her clit like nothing had ever done before .
More pronounced that a vibrator , she could feel the bristles twisting and thrusting under the rubber sheath .
She resisted the urge to jump away from the intense sensation .
Instead , she bit her bottom lip and waited for her body to catch up with the machine .
Steve kept moving the toothbrush , up her leg , her hip , stomach and breast .
Then gently circling her aureoles and grazing the tips of her nipples .
All of this stimulation was starting to pile up on Cindy and she felt the familiar sensation of too much water behind the weakened dam .
Once Steve moved the toothbrush off her nipples and started grazing the back of her neck she lost it .
Lights and sound exploded in her mind and it seemed an eternity until reality bled back into her mind and she noticed Steve beside her with a slight smirk on his face .
" What are you so happy about ? "
She moaned .
" That seemed – satisfying . "
" Ha , you wish .
I can do better myself " she lied .
No point in letting him win twice in a row if she could help it .
" I see " he said , understanding the challenge had just ratcheted up several notches .
" Hmm ... how about this "
He grabbed a bath towel from the linen closet and quickly tied an overhand knot in it and headed for the kitchen .
The sound of running water was soon followed by Steve 's reappearance .
Without a word he returned to the linen closet and opened the door .
He then placed the end of the towel in the door jamb opposite the striker and closed the door .
" Come over here " he said , More inviting than commanding .
Cindy had a pretty good idea what was going on , and moved between Steve and the door .
Without a word , Steve reached between her legs and pulled the knotted fabric up to her belly .
" Take the end " he said .
Almost against her better judgement she complied
" Now what ? " she challenged .
" Hold your hands right where they are and step towards me "
He said with a devious grin .
She did as he asked and was prepared to feel the knot in the fabric come up to her pussy , what she did n't anticipate was the heat from the hot water that Steve had dipped the knot in .
Shocked again and pleasantly , she heard a moan escape from her body that she really did n't intend .
She was further surprised that her hips moved to grind her clit into the warm rough knot .
Steve watched as Cindy instinctively increased tension on the towel and ground her hips to increase her pleasure and had to literally shake his head to bring his mind back to the task at hand .
Steve crossed the room and dove into his footlocker again .
Cindy could see him work and was fascinated with how he evaluated various items he was pulling out .
In less than a minute he was back .
He tossed the items from the footlocker onto the counter and started to work .
A thick piece of wire cut to about two feet long and quickly placed to one side .
He then grabbed a pair of alligator clips and used a small pair pilers to bend the springs inside the clips .
He then tested the clips by clipping them to his upper lip .
After a few adjustments he was satisfied with reduced pressure of the clips .
He then cut four small pieces of heat shrink tube and slipped them over the tips of the alligator clips and then gently heated them with a mini torch .
Next , the clips were attached to opposite ends of the wire .
He brought this over to her and without a word attached each end to her nipples .
The pressure was not painful , more like someone firmly holding her nipple with their fingers .
" Home made nipple clamps , clever boy . "
" Maybe more clever than you think .
Take a deep breath "
She did , and immediately understood what he meant .
The stiff wire had some give to it , but it exerted pressure in almost a twisting fashion with each movement .
She swung her breasts and pressed then together using her forearms to see how different motions would feel .
In her current state of arousal , it would almost be enough to put her over the top again , but the towel had cooled down and her legs were starting to get tired .
World Vision , an international Christian humanitarian organization , does not hide its employment policy .
To work for the billion - dollar charity , except on a temporary basis , one must be a Christian .
This religious - based hiring preference has drawn complaints in light of the fact that World Vision received three - quarters of a billion dollars over three years from the U.S. Agency for International Development
( USAID ) , the federal government ’s foreign aid arm .
In 2006 , World Vision was given $ 261 million in taxpayer dollars ; the following year , $ 220 million ; and in 2008 , $ 281 million .
The organization has not yet released it financial review for 2009 or 2010 .
The organization ’s work has been praised by charity watchdogs and recipients of World Vision ’s efforts in Africa , both Christian and Muslim .
But the group says it is impossible to separate their mission from belief in a Christian god .
“ We do want to be witnesses to Jesus Christ by life , word , deed and sign , ” said Torrey Olsen , World Vision ’s Senior Director for Christian Engagement .
This has called into question the relatively recent practice of awarding federal funds to organizations that discriminate based on religion .
- Noel Brinkerhoff
Tiny parasitic wasps could be used as pesticides to protect crops after researchers carried out the most detailed ever study of the creatures .
A group of scientists who sequenced the genomes of three parasitic wasp species say their work has revealed that the tiny insects have features useful for both pest control and medicine , and could even improve understanding of genetics and evolution .
In a study to be published in Science magazine , lead researchers John Werren , a professor of biology at the University of Rochester in New York , and Stephen Richards at the Baylor College of Medicine , Texas , described their tiny subjects : “ Parasitic wasps attack and kill pest insects , but many of them are smaller than the head of a pin , so people do n’t even notice them or know of their important role in keeping pest numbers down , ” Prof Werren said .
“ There are over 600,000 species of these amazing critters , and we owe them a lot .
If it were n’t for parasitoids and other natural enemies , we would be knee - deep in pest insects . ”
The tiny insects lay their eggs inside often much larger hosts , including caterpillars .
When the eggs hatch , they kill the unsuspecting host from the inside out .
But the wasps only target specific insects , acting like “ smart bombs , ” according to Prof Werren .
“ Therefore , if we can harness their full potential , they would be vastly preferable to chemical pesticides , which broadly kill or poison many organisms in the environment , including us . ”
The wasps , which all fall in the Nasonia genus , also offer promise for genetic research .
Like the fruit fly , a common genetic research subject , the wasps are small , easily grown in a laboratory and reproduce quickly , but the wasps have only one set of chromosomes .
“ A single set of chromosomes , which is more commonly found in lower single - celled organisms such as yeast , is a handy genetic tool , particularly for studying how genes interact with each other , ” Prof Werren said .
The scientists also uncovered that the wasps have acquired genes related to the human smallpox virus , a discovery that may have applications for the study of evolutionary processes .
“ Emerging from these genome studies are a lot of opportunities for exploiting Nasonia in topics ranging from pest control to medicine , genetics , and evolution , ” Prof Werren said .
Life and Death in the Middle Belt A Clash of Civilizations in Nigeria
Muslims and Christians are both growing more radical in Nigeria , home of the would - be underwear bomber .
Almost nowhere else in the world does the rivalry between religions lead to bloody conflict quite so often .
Von SPIEGEL
Staff
We blogged previously about the petition in Denver , CO to get a measure on the ballot to create a UFO Commission .
Yesterday , the petition signatures were finally validated and accepted , and voters will weigh in on the issue next year .
The effort to get this measure on the ballot began in April of 2008 and attracted attention from around the world .
This is the first serious effort to use the initiative process for this topic .
TEMPE , Ariz . -- Kurt Warner thanked God , hugged his children and wife and said goodbye to an NFL career that seems the stuff of sports fiction .
The 38 - year - old quarterback announced his retirement Friday after a dozen years in a league that at first rejected him , then revered him as he came from nowhere to lead the lowly St. Louis Rams to two Super Bowls .
Then , as if going from stocking groceries to winning NFL MVP awards was n't improbable enough , Warner was written off as a has - been and rose again to lead the long - suffering Arizona Cardinals to the Super Bowl .
A man of deep faith who carried a Bible to each post - game news conference , Warner walked away with a year left on a two - year , $ 23 million contract , knowing he still had the skills to play at the highest level .
" It 's been an amazing ride , " Warner said .
" I do n't think I could have dreamt it would have played out like it has , but I 've been humbled every day that I woke up the last 12 years and amazed that God would choose to use me to do what he 's given me the opportunity to do . "
Warner had one of the greatest postseason performances ever in Arizona 's 51 - 45 overtime wild card victory over Green Bay on Jan. 10 , but sustained a brutal hit in the Cardinals ' 45 - 14 divisional round loss at New Orleans six days later .
" He has had a dominant career , " Cardinals defensive tackle Darnell Dockett said .
" He 's got to do what 's best for his family .
He played long enough .
He took us to the Super Bowl last year .
" If you 're going to go out , go out on top . "
The Cardinals signed Warner to a one - year contract in 2005 largely because no other team would give him a chance to be a starter .
His opportunities over the next two years were scattered and even when coach Ken Whisenhunt took over in 2007 , Warner was the backup to Matt Leinart .
But when Leinart went down with an injury five games into the season , Warner got his chance .
He started 48 of the remaining 49 games of his career .
" I 've played 12 years , I 'm a 38 years old and I believe I was playing at as high a level now and over the last two years as I was playing when I first got into the league , " he said .
" That 's something I 'm proud of . "
Blessed with an uncanny throwing accuracy and a knack for reading defenses , Warner leaves the game with a legacy that could land him in the Hall of Fame even though he did n't get his first start until he was 28 .
In a comparison with the 14 quarterbacks to make the Hall of Fame in the last 25 years , Warner has a better career completion percentage , yards per pass attempt and yards per game .
Only Dan Marino had more career 300 - yard passing games .
In 124 regular - season games , Warner completed 65.5 percent of his passes for 32,344 yards and 208 touchdowns .
He and Fran Tarkenton are the only NFL quarterbacks to throw for 100 touchdowns and 14,000 yards for two teams .
Forgive me for using a script from tonight 's show as a base from which to expand my point .
But over the last few days I have watched as a pretty shoddily researched " purpose pitch " of a web piece on my show 's ratings has been converted by the rampant right wing bias of the media into actual published reports that the program is facing imminent cancellation .
Let me cut to the chase ( since this is besides the point , except insomuch as it contradicts the meme ) : the show is n't about to be cancelled .
It is n't slumping .
MSNBC is n't worried about it .
NBC is n't worried about it .
It is making them a --- damned fortune , in fact ( and they 'd owe me a --- damned fortune if they did cancel it , which they are n't going to ) .
It 's the route by which the thing got seized by the sleaze blogs like Breitbart and NewsCorp and the like that so beautifully , almost diagrammatically , illustrates how Conservatives come to believe the crazy , nonsensical , totally fact - free things they believe , how they transform discernible , provable lies , into their wishful - thinking version of the truth .
Rupert Murdoch 's vanity newspaper , the New York Post , put out one of its typical pieces of crap in its gossip section .
I always thought there was a Freudian clue in the fact that " Page Six " is almost never actually printed on the literal page six .
But I digress : " Has the countdown begun for the end of ' Countdown ' ? "
Murdoch 's minion continued : " even Olbermann 's former supporters on the left are tuning out . "
The Post got this , it writes , from blogs at National Public Radio and the Los Angeles Times , and , quite knee - jerkily , it assumes the reader will be convinced that 100 percent of the content therein is southpaw stuff straight from The Kremlin .
It is thus using those organizations as if they are evidence of the supposed ' tune out on the left . '
The NPR blog , it turns out , cites as a source the L.A .
Times blog , which it authenticates with the seemingly decisive description " hardly a partisan forum . "
Except the L.A. Times blog post was written by Andrew Malcolm , a former Press Secretary to Laura Bush , a washed - up political operative , and absolutely the last person on the continent to earn the praise " hardly a partisan . "
I once had the audacity to call out Mr. Malcolm on one of his most egregious lies , and he has since missed no opportunity to report the slightest glimmer of information that might both cast me in a poor light and not get him or the paper sued .
The Times , even in its flush days before the Tribune and the implosion of newspapers set in , was edited with remarkable casualness , and as it manages to snooze away a monopoly in the second largest market in the country , it still is .
Anyway , Mr. Malcolm managed to write a column titled " Countdown begins for the end of Keith Olbermann 's Countdown ? " which he predicated on the relative ratings last month of my program to CNN , as had been reported in yet another blog from a site called Daily Finance .
Daily Finance 's extremely thin - skinned media writer , always hostile , and snickered at behind his back by his rivals , had himself cherry - picked the January ratings to report that " the 8 p.m. shows on CNN and HLN have narrowed the gap . "
So the New York Post lifted from an NPR blog which lifted from Laura Bush 's Ex -Press Secretary 's Blog which lifted from Daily - Finance 's Blog which left out details that makes the whole meme nonsensical .
Namely : my show 's ratings actually grew from December to last month , by five percent at 8 O'Clock and six percent at 10 .
Grew in a month in which CNN did exceptional , almost continuous coverage from Haiti .
Grew to 27 percent ahead of CNN and 24 percent ahead of Headline News .
Grew from the end of a year in which MSNBC replaced CNN as the number two rated news network among younger viewers in prime - time .
Grew in the past week , too , even as the blog TV Newser reported CNN had dropped in that same demographic to fifth place behind Fox , us , Headline News , and CNBC .
One night they were behind The Weather Channel .
And yet the right wing believes that Countdown is about to be cancelled , because it so desperately wants it to be cancelled , that the facts , and the ratings , and the profits , become irrelevant .
And it is better for them to pretend they are getting their way , than to acknowledge that they are not .
Speed cameras are at best a dubious safety enhancement sold on the premise of slowing traffic , while the more important proposition is often the promise of the revenue they can generate .
public scourge
Arizona residents have mostly cut through the bovine feculence around the state 's big camera deployment program , one that 's been described as groundbreaking .
The state installed 76 one - eyed bandits , but profits are lower than projected , and some citizens want the cameras gone .
Further sabotaging the camera initiative are citizens who have taken to ignoring the automated citations in large numbers .
A loophole surrounding mailed tickets is allowing many drivers to motor on with impunity , while an anti-camera group is trying to get a ballot measure to ban the cameras underway .
The 700,000 tickets that have been issued since September 2008 should have meant $ 127 million into the coffers , but only $ 36 million has been collected .
At that level , it 's not even clear if Redflex , thefirm that runs the cameras , is able to break even .
[ Source : New York Times | Photo : Redflex ]
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 January 8
The Mystery of the Fading Star
Image Credit & Copyright : Alson Wong and Citizen Sky
Explanation : Every 27 years Epsilon Aurigae fades , remaining dim for roughly two years before growing bright again .
Since the 19th century , astronomers have studied the mystery star , eventually arguing that Epsilon Aur , centered in this telescopic skyview , was actually undergoing a long eclipse by a dark companion object .
But the nature of the companion and even the state of bright star itself could not be pinned down by observations .
Continuing to collect evidence , Citizen Sky , a team of professional and amateur astronomers , is studying the current eclipse of Epsilon Aur , reporting that it began in August 2009 and by late December had reached its deepest point .
Epsilon
Aur is now expected to remain dim for all of 2010 , before rapidly regaining normal brightness in 2011 .
Meanwhile , recent infrared data from the Spitzer Space Telescope supports a model for the enigmatic system that identifies Epsilon Aur as a large but lower mass star near the end of its life , periodically eclipsed by a single star embedded in a dusty disk .
The disk is estimated to have a radius of about 4 AU , or 4 times the Earth - Sun distance , and to be about 0.5 AU thick .
Rebooting Iceland What Comes Next for the Crisis - Stricken Country ?
Iceland has been like the canary in the coalmine of the global economic crisis .
The government was driven out of office , the banks were nationalized and Iceland 's people will be bailing the country out for years to come .
Reykjavik 's next great experiment will be reinvention .
UPDATED : The $ 300 million federal appliance rebate program ,
Cash for Clunkers , is one way the government is trying to stimulate the economy and improve the environment .
The program
; you can survey the differences
.
Oregon has $ 3.63 million grant and opened its program Dec. 15 .
But it has limited the rebates to low - income households replacing heaters .
Washington targets on refrigerators and washers .
In Idaho , nearly everything qualifies .
It 's Only Money had to check Idaho 's list twice to make sure it did n't include potato slicers .
First , in Oregon , only new gas furnaces and air - source heat pumps qualify for the rebates .
But they are handsome -- a rebate of 70 percent of the purchase price , up to $ 2,000 .
Community action agencies will cover the rest of the cost .
Second , the " instant rebate " is available to households earning
or less .
That ’s $ 21,093 for a single person and $ 40,563 for a family of four .
Renters are eligible as well .
Why the limits ?
Oregon
of $ 60 to $ 180 for high - efficiency dishwashers , refrigerators , freezers and washers .
Has for some time .
Last year , it doled out about $ 50,000 in tax credits for high - efficient appliances , up about $ 10,000 from 2008 , state officials said .
UPDATE : Energy Trust of Oregon also offers most utility customers
for new , efficient appliances .
The nonprofit also pays to pick up your old freezer and fridge .
" The state feels it basically has a pretty long - term vibrant residential energy tax credit program , " said Oregon Energy Department spokeswoman Diana Enright said .
" This gave us an opportunity to reach some people we normally do n’t reach . "
is developing
.
Those who do qualify can apply through
.
These agencies have had money to repair inefficient furnaces in low - income households , but not replace them , state officials say .
" They ’ve been trying to band - aid the heating system together , " said Ann Grim , the department 's stimulus fund analyst .
So this is a real blessing to them . "
The state estimates it could replace 1,800 heaters , create 40 jobs and save 393,000 pounds of carbon - dioxide pollution each year .
Portland area CAAs include the Multnomah County Office of Community & School Parnterships ( 503-988-6295 ) , the Clackamas County Social Services Division in Oregon City ( 503-650-5640 ) and Community Action of Washington County in Hillsboro ( 503-615-0771 ) and Beaverton ( 503-615-0772 ) .
is different .
It 's making its $ 6.3 million available to
anyone
, regardless of income , who buys Energy Star refrigerators and clothes washers .
The rebate programs are tentatively scheduled to begin in April 2010 , and
rebates for purchases made before the program starts will not be honored
.
So , keep an eye on
for the actual start date and application information .
The $ 75 refrigerator rebates is currently scheduled to end in May 2010 ; the $ 100 clothes washer program will continue through December 2011 , or until funds are depleted .
But the kind of appliances eligible and the duration of the rebate period could change depending on demand , said program manager Rebecca Stillings .
Sorry , Washingtonians .
You ca n’t cross the Columbia and buy your appliance in Oregon to escape sales tax .
You must buy it from a Washington store .
And , you must replace an appliance to qualify .
" It ’s not for a landlord to retrofit his whole building , " Stillings said .
" It ’s not for new construction . "
Stillings said state officials chose refrigerators and washers because retailers and utilities said they would have the greatest impact on water and electrical use ( and wastewater discharge ) .
Live elsewhere ?
Look up your state 's program
.
Previous Post :
« VIDEO : Newly Sworn - In Houston Mayor Annise Parker Speaks to LGBT Supporters at Victory Party Last Night
by Florence Mensah
There are a number of reasons why I have found it difficult to write about union - busting politics in my workplace .
( i ) I have been working too hard to consider that I might take time to reflect on it all .
( ii ) I , like many other workers , am intimidated by the threat of losing my job .
( iii )
It is sometimes hard to know what good will come from having a great big moan , and it can make you feel even worse !
However , I was encouraged to write about what has been going on in my school by a fellow comrade .
Why ?
Because we are a community of workers , whatever our jobs , whatever our unions .
Unless we can problematize the very insidious tactics that managements put in place daily to undermine our agency and threaten our security and mental well - being , we will not be confident in recognising how best to tackle them .
Some context : the secondary school where I work as a teacher was near special measures five years ago .
There were stabbings on - site .
The school community had to deal with all the stigma and difficulty that goes along with the devastating gang scene .
As a result it was subject to a ‘ make - over challenge ’ consisting in massive scrutiny from OFSTED ( and numerous outsourced education and management consultancy firms ) .
It was turned around by a leader who effectively culled ineffective staff .
Like many schools in this situation the aim became to bring in a new ‘ calibre of child ’ in order to produce precious data that is rarely yielded by a cohort of entirely working - class children .
In my opinion , therefore , the school is already resting on politically ( and morally ) dubious grounds ; more concerned with raising the class - status of the school than thinking of ways to serve the children who are most in need of a transformative education .
Staff are now expected to collaborate in producing a mirage of excellence and professionalism .
However chaotic the systems that have been put in place we cannot ‘ be seen ’ to be disagreeing with any figure in our heavy web of a management structure .
At least once a fortnight some staff will be called into an impromptu meeting to be spoken at for two hours .
Questions will not be directly answered .
We will be patronised ; told off for duties that we could potentially be neglecting – duties which we will then have to perform outside of our directed hours .
The school operates a ‘ name and shame ’ system in which names of late and absent staff are published in a weekly bulletin .
Similar postings are made for incomplete registers .
What is the logic of this management style ?
I guess it is thought that people respond well to fear .
That people feel like they have no room to make mistakes and therefore strive for perfection .
Unfortunately it does seem to have this effect on many people .
Despite many issues being taken up by our busy union reps , there remains a resounding echo of ‘ you just have to play the game - do n’t rock the boat . ’
What makes it harder to mobilise against management tactics is that there exists a super - layered management structure .
Half of the work - force have been branded ‘ middle - managers ’ .
This is inevitably reflected in their pay - packet .
There are few who are willing to jeopardise pay – why should they be ?
So promotions and threats divide the workforce , just like any other workplace .
What is unique to the secondary school as a workplace is that there is a common misconception that any attention that is paid to workers rights and entitlements has a detrimental effect on students .
Teachers who are trade unionists are caricatured as whiners more concerned with coasting through the day than engaging wholly in the delivery of their students ’ education .
It is this myth that I feel it is important to debunk .
Public sector workers are easily exploitable because they care about the people they are actually working for ; in my case the students .
It is my right to do my job well because I enjoy the success and the buzz of knowing that children in my class have learnt something .
In order to do my job well I need to lead a balanced life which requires me to hold on to time that is truly my own .
In order to do my job well I would like to work as a part of a collaborative team , not one that is divided and competitive .
Lastly , and most importantly , I and every other education worker needs to be able to work without the intense level of scrutiny to which we are subjected .
Headteachers become paranoid because of the top - down centralised structures of OFSTED and target - projections .
What this means is that , in extreme cases like my own , teachers are battered with mantra relating to quantifiable outcomes – so battered they are often left without space to contemplate how best to create meaningful learning experiences .
I believe that the mistreatment of workers correlates with a mistreatment or neglect of students .
What we are seeing is that education is beginning to cater for students on only superficial level ( for profit if you like ) whilst staff are made to feel as if they are disposable .
We should refuse to entertain these union - busting tactics .
We have a duty to ourselves , and as role models to our students , to protect our rights and to prevent ego-manic management dictating the future of education .
While racing to finish my Christmas shopping a few weeks ago in New York , I sensed the most acute symptom yet of the holiday hangover to come .
Sure , I 'd already gained a few pounds , and my checking account was ailing , but they were nothing compared to the sight of those goddamn posters for Jackie Chan 's new comedy The Spy Next Door .
" Part spy .
Part babysitter .
All hero , " it promised , with our grinning , slumming star dangling by some steel wire , wielding a laser pointer while his pubescent charges struck their best hiii - yah poses beneath him .
Famous for performing his own action scenes , Chan 's latest marketing stunts have clearly surpassed his own acumen .
Which would have been forgettable enough , except that I knew this was n't an isolated incident .
This was the first whiff of another rancid January — that annual ritual of studio dumps and subpar multiplex stopovers on the way to DVD .
And sure enough followed the stench : Dwayne Johnson with wings and hockey skates in the ads for his upcoming The Tooth Fairy .
Amy Adams and Matthew Goode in Leap Year , rom-com piffle just sturdy enough to hold over viewers to Kristen Bell and Josh Duhamel 's wholly interchangeable date flick When in Rome at the end of the month .
In between you 've got Oscar - winners Denzel Washington and Mel Gibson with dramatic thrillers apparently not quite good enough for fall ( The Book of Eli and Edge of Darkness , respectively ) , plus the requisite seasonal horror entries Daybreakers and Legion for splattery variety .
This is standard operating procedure for Hollywood , which historically expands its awards fare from limited to wide release in January while allowing these aforementioned genre workhorses to bring up the rear .
However , for the informed , discriminating moviegoer who 's already consumed late fall 's Oscar harvest — or who would n't be caught dead watching Harrison Ford 's disease - of - the - week TV movie writ large Extraordinary Measures , opening January 22 — it 's a cultural no man 's land .
Unless you 're lucky and / or hardcore enough to jet off to the Sundance Film Festival at the end of the month , you 're pretty much on your own to find decent flicks until mid-February , when The Wolfman ( another troubled production that 's been delayed more times than a porn star 's orgasm ) and Martin Scorsese 's Shutter Island arrive in theaters .
The studios ' rationale is that most moviegoers will spend the month catching up with their prestige — which is bullshit for several obvious reasons , not the least of which is that Academy Award nominations wo n't even be announced until February 2 .
Unless , that is , the hoi polloi are suddenly setting their moviegoing habits based on Golden Globe nominees .
Which they 're not .
How do we know ?
Because instead they 're making hits out of January dross like Bride Wars and Paul Blart : Mall Cop , which began 2009 with combined global grosses of nearly $ 300 million .
That 's not the result of savvy marketing or striking a mass - cultural nerve , either .
It 's the result of the movie industry cynically throwing a fistful of horrible midwinter write - offs at the wall and seeing what sticks .
Last year 's Taken was an exception that proved the rule :
The entertaining action hit was n't even a Hollywood product , but rather a Fox pick - up that was independently developed , financed , and produced in Europe .
The studio figured it might troll for press and soak up a few bucks in theaters before sending the film to video ; it had no idea $ 145 million worth of American filmgoers might be in the market to watch Liam Neeson wreak havoc on his daughter 's kidnappers .
Naturally this January , you 've got Gibson doing the same vengeful - father schtick in Darkness , itself a remake of a twenty - five - year - old BBC miniseries .
Word of mouth on the film is n't good , but by Hollywood logic it does n't have to be , because anything that breaks through at this time of year is perceived almost as a favor done on viewers ' behalves .
We have to watch something , right ?
Well , maybe not .
What if we took January off at the movies the way studios and distributors seem to do , boycotting cinemas until they started spreading the wealth over the calendar a little more ?
There is no reason why fall needs to be such a glutted concentration of " good " films — or why summer should have a monopoly on crowd - pleasing blockbusters — while winter pukes a bellyful of undercooked tripe all over the multiplex .
Even if ( God forbid ) there is an actual audience for The Spy Next Door , we should at least have some sort of alternative that day that does n't look and feel ( and most of all is n't sold ) like Denzel Washington 's post - apocalyptic folly .
Is there a reason The Fantastic Mr. Fox or Bad Lieutenant : Port of Call New Orleans or even Avatar can't open on January 15 ?
And do n't say " Oscar qualification " either , because just as there 's no law prohibiting decent movies in January , there 's no excuse for critics and award committees to not take in the whole year of releases when sorting out their darlings each December .
Who knows —
A Serious Man might even have benefited more from being the first great film of 2010 as opposed to just another boutique dramedy sniffing out 2009 honors like a truffle pig .
In any case , if the studios could make a winner out of August — another infamously fallow month that nevertheless yielded Inglourious Basterds , District 9 , and Julie and Julia in 2009 — then surely they can do the same for January .
Until then , keep your dignity close and your options open .
If Jackie Chan wo n't do it , somebody has to .
S.T. VanAirsdale is a senior editor at Movieline.com .
His film criticism and industry analysis have appeared in the New York Times , Vanity Fair , New York , the Huffington Post , Defamer , and The Reeler , which he founded .
RELATED LINKS :
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Energy conservation and alternative energy strategies are expected to grow in importance in the coming year .
Val Haskell , director of Environmental Sustainability Solutions at Hitachi Consulting , shares her list of sustainability predictions for 2010 :
Energy management will increase as a priority .
Energy price volatility will continue to threaten corporate bottom lines and the two key consumers of energy : buildings and data centers will be scrutinized .
Energy management software will be implemented at more and more sites to get this spending under control .
LEED evolves .
LEED ( Leadership in Energy Efficient Design ) , the U.S. green building standard , will have to evolve and become more rigorous to defend its value to buildings .
They will modify their practices to include post - construction building performance to maintain LEED status .
Public - private partnerships will build out the new transmission networks for wind and solar energy to take the energy generated in remote locations and transport it to the metropolitan areas .
Think of the famous oilman , T. Boone Pickens , or Hunt Energy partnering with the State of Texas to build out a transmission network that carries wind generated energy from the Panhandle to Dallas .
Battery technology will enter into the equivalent of the space race between the U.S. and Russia back in the 1960s .
This battery technology will impact car production , consumer electronics and more .
Expect a revolutionary breakthrough in early 2011 and production by 2015 .
New regulations , Wal - Mart ’s Sustainability Index and the Obama ’s Environmental Executive Order drive wide - scale adoption of carbon reporting and carbon costs become part of financial reporting .
The reporting standards normalize much like what GAAP did for accounting .
Carbon has a cost that impacts business and green businesses increase in value while the inverse is true ; brown businesses lose stock value and have a harder time getting investment dollars .
( Editor ’s note : read related article , “ The U.S. Government , Wal - Mart , and You . ” )
Climate change will become a high - profile security issue and its implications to coastal areas , food supply , and severe weather will be part of military preparedness .
The U.S. government will solidly transition to identify , plan , budget and prepare our military for security concerns related to environmental issues .
Public infrastructure upgrades to green .
The aging U.S. public infrastructure , bridges , traffic systems , sewers , water mains , etc. , is long overdue for upgrades .
Improvements can now be made greener than ever before in ways that increase safety and water quality and reduce traffic pollution .
Federal buildings also make a serious effort to go green , reducing energy consumption and square footage .
Water becomes a headline act in 2010 .
Climate change will increase weather severity with some areas parched and other areas drenched .
Access to plenty of fresh water will be a determining factor for corporate relocations and product decisions .
Water will be managed more like a precious commodity , like oil , with similar measurement systems for verifying volumes and pressures .
Agribusiness ’ focus will be food for 9 billion people .
It is a blessing for agribusiness and a curse : it ’s a blessing because the demand is high for a solution to feed 50 percent more people in 40 years without increasing the land area farmed .
It ’s a curse because agribusinesses have not had the technical breakthrough that will make this possible .
Ambivalence about engineered seeds will remain .
In parallel , small , local farms will continue to grow and have their best year ever .
Cities jockey for green positioning .
Urban districts will see green initiatives as a determinant in attracting the best , the brightest and the affluent .
Cities will upgrade quality of life amenities , tackle traffic , pollution , and market their “ green living ” credentials .
Haskell ’s colleague Rob Farris also noted that one hot area under the analytics theme is business intelligence solutions related to measuring / monitoring sustainability .
There are many drivers of this that are coming together , such as customer demand , regulations , cost volatility , cost of GHG ( through pending Cap and trade or taxes ) , etc. Farris introduced this concept in his article “ Energy Intelligence ” earlier this year , and this is the area that he intends to write about exclusively in 2010 .
Check out additional insights from Val Haskell and Rob Farris in the Strategy forum of Information Management ’s discussion boards and chime in with your observations and opinions .
TRENTON , N.J. —
A female New Jersey State Police sergeant who was accused in a lawsuit of sexually harassing a female recruit has been suspended .
Sgt. Christine Shallcross was suspended without pay on Dec. 31 for a “ personnel matter , ” spokesman Sgt. Stephen Jones said Friday .
Jones declined to elaborate , citing the department ’s policy of not discussing ongoing internal investigations .
The 14 - year veteran was assigned to the investigations bureau .
Trooper Alexis Hayes filed a federal lawsuit in December alleging that Shallcross sexually harassed her when she was a recruit at the State Police academy .
The suit contends Shallcross once grabbed Hayes ’ necktie so hard that the clasp broke off .
After graduation , Hayes said Shallcross whispered in Hayes ’ ear and kissed her on the cheek .
Attempts to reach Shallcross were unsuccessful and it was not known if she has an attorney .
Hayes also claims she was raped and impregnated in April while on assignment near Pittsburgh as part of a 49 - member State Police funeral detail .
According to Hayes , her boss , Lt. Thomas King , got her drunk , waited for her to pass out then somehow obtained a copy of her hotel room key and assaulted her in her room .
King remains suspended without pay .
Hayes has been on paid sick leave since August .
I'VE MOVED MY BLOG AS OF SEPTEMBER 11 , 2009 . . .
The Italian Dish :
Please come visit me at my new home at http://theitaliandishblog.com . . .
All of the recipes from this blog are archived there , also .
Of course , we ’re not going to write a full - on search engine in this one post , that would take at least 2 :) .
But , surprisingly enough , given our knowledge of inverted indexes ( which I talked about previously ) , we can actually cobble together a very basic boolean information retrieval system relatively easily , all we need is a little bit more knowledge and a couple of algorithms , so guess what this post is going to be about .
Boolean Queries
So , what are boolean queries ?
I guess the best way to explain it is to contrast boolean queries with the type of search we know best – web search .
Web search is an example of a ranked retrieval system .
In a ranked system users typically use free text queries to define their search parameters and the results returned by the system are ranked in order of relevance ( hence the name ) .
A boolean system on the other hand has the following properties :
users employ a special syntax ( i.e. operators such as AND , OR , NOT etc ) to define their queries
the results are not ranked by relevance ( being a boolean system )
Let us use an example to illustrate the point .
In web search the users searching for ‘ christmas tree ’ , is basically asking the following :
“ Give me all the documents which contain the phrase ‘ christmas tree ’ in order from most relevant to least relevant . ”
On the other hand , if we ’re dealing with a boolean system the user would have to frame his query in a language the system can understand e.g. :
christmas AND tree – “ Give me all documents that contain the word christmas and the word tree ” christmas OR tree – “ Give me all documents that contain the word christmas or the word tree ” etc .
You get the picture .
Given a collection of documents which we have used to create an inverted index , we need minimal effort ( relatively ) to expand our index into a basic boolean retrieval system .
Basic Boolean Queries And The Scope Of Our System
All we really need is a query parser which will understand the syntax of our queries and some sort of query executor which can access our index and spit out the results that we ’re after .
So , lets get implementing and comment as we go .
First thing first , we need an inverted index .
We have the one from my previous post , but it was a tiny toy index and wo n’t let us appreciate the scope of the problem , we could of course find a bunch of documents to index , but that will add a whole level of complexity that we do n’t really need .
The best thing to do therefore is to dummy up an inverted index .
We do n’t need real documents , all we need is a dictionary of terms with a postings list ( of dummy document ids ) for each term – living on disk .
This will allow us to generate posting lists of a size which will let us appreciate the scope of the search problem .
Let ’s dummy up our inverted index :
```ruby POSTINGS_LIST_LOCATION
= “ /home/alan/tmp ” MIN_POSTIN_LIST_SIZE
= 8000 MAX_POSTING_LIST_SIZE
= 10000
def create_mock_postings_list(min_postings , max_postings ) postings_list = [ ] num_postings = min_postings + rand( max_postings - min_postings ) num_postings.times do postings_list << rand ( max_postings ) end postings_list.uniq.sort
end
def write_mock_postings_list postings , file_name File.open ( file_name , “ w ” ) do | file| file .write ( postings ) end end
def file_name_for_word( path , word ) “ #{path}/#{word}.postings ”
end
def create_test_inverted_index(dictionary , path_to_posting_files ) inverted_index = {} dictionary .
each do |word| postings_list = create_mock_postings_list(MIN_POSTIN_LIST_SIZE , MAX_POSTING_LIST_SIZE ) value = OpenStruct.new value.postings_file = file_name_for_word(path_to_posting_files , word ) value.document_frequency = postings_list.length write_mock_postings_list(postings_list.join( “ , ” ) , value.postings_file ) inverted_index [ word ] = value end inverted_index end
dictionary = % w{hello world ruby quick fox lazy dog random stuff blah yadda} index = create_test_inverted_index( dictionary , POSTINGS_LIST_LOCATION ) ```
As you can see our dictionary contains only a few terms :
we create a posting list of random size for each term
we ’ve set our posting list maximum size to be 10000 and minimum size to be 8000 to make sure there is sufficient crossover between the posting lists for each term , it also makes the posting lists large enough to make them interesting since we ’re essentially saying that our collection is 10000 documents ( in real life document collections are usually much larger , but 10000 is enough for our purposes )
, but 10000 is enough for our purposes ) our inverted index is a little “ _musclier_ ” since it no longer keeps posting lists in memory , they are instead living on disk with the index only keeping the on - disk location
We ’re now ready to start writing our query executor ( we ’ll look at query parsing a little later ) .
We ’ll only concern ourselves with very simple queries that use one or two terms and one or more of three operators ( AND , OR , NOT ) e.g. :
hello AND world
lazy OR dog
random AND NOT stuff
blah OR NOT yadda
Yes , it does mean we can only handle four types of queries ( unless you count single term queries ) , but this will be enough to illustrate the complexity of the problem as well as providing a reasonably usable system in the end .
Naive Vs Efficient Implementations
Lets look at our all the possible queries our system will need to handle in order of complexity .
Single Term
A single term query is trivial , all we need to do is retrieve the postings list for the term from our inverted index .
At this point all we would need to do is fetch the documents for all the ids and return them to the user ( for our purposes , once the list of ids is returned we consider the query satisfied ) .
Here is the implementation ( without calling code ) :
```ruby def load_postings_list_for_word( word ) postings = [ ] postings_list_file = file_name_for_word( POSTINGS_LIST_LOCATION , word ) File.open(postings_list_file ) .each do | file| file . each do |line| line.split (‘ , ’) . each { |id| postings << id.to_i} end end postings end
def single_term_query ( word ) load_postings_list_for_word( word ) end```
We will be able to reuse the load_postings_list_for_word , helper for other query types as well .
2 Term AND
These are queries such as ( hello AND world ) , where we basically want to find all documents which contain both terms , in boolean algebra terms – a conjunction .
In the case of our inverted index , it simply means we want to intersect the posting lists for the two terms and return the result .
Of course , things are a little more complicated than that .
We need to do this efficiently .
Unlike enterprise software development , where implementing things naively is often a good thing ( keeps things simple ) – in search you will quickly pay for being naive - with an unusable system .
A naive way to implement the postings list intersection might be something like this :
ruby def naive_and_words ( word1 , word2 ) final_list = [ ] postings_list1 = load_postings_list_for_word(word1 ) postings_list2 = load_postings_list_for_word(word2 ) postings_list1.each do |id| if postings_list2.include ?
id final_list << id end end final_list end
This would mean we ’re potentially scanning the whole of one posting list for each value in the other , considering the fact that we ’re dealing with very large lists , this will grind our system to halt .
We can be smarter about our implementation where we scan both posting lists only once :
```ruby def intersect_lists ( list1 , list2 ) final_list = [ ] current_list1_index = 0 current_list2_index = 0
while (current_list1_index < list1.length && current_list2_index < list2.length ) if list1[ current_list1_index ] == list2[ current_list2_index ] final_list << list1[ current_list1_index ] current_list1_index += 1 current_list2_index += 1 elsif list1[ current_list1_index ] < list2[current_list2_index ] current_list1_index += 1 else current_list2_index += 1 end end final_list end
def and_words ( word1 , word2 ) postings_list1 = load_postings_list_for_word(word1 ) postings_list2 = load_postings_list_for_word(word2 )
intersect_lists(postings_list1 , postings_list2 ) end```
This is somewhat more complex , but will allow our system to scale to very large posting lists .
Of course we can simply use Ruby ’s built - in operators to perform the intersection :
ruby def ruby_and_words ( word1 , word2 ) postings_list1 = load_postings_list_for_word(word1 ) postings_list2 = load_postings_list_for_word(word2 ) postings_list1 & postings_list2 end
This is infact much simpler and works just as well , but we do n’t learn any interesting algorithms from doing it this way :) .
Here is a sample run where we timed the intersection of the posting lists for two words using all three methods .
Elapsed time ( naive ) : 1.3064 sec Elapsed time ( our AND ) : 0.027263 sec Elapsed time ( ruby AND ) : 0.012857 sec
As you can see our “ good ” implementation is much faster than the naive one , but still more than twice as slow as Ruby ’s one , but then again we have to remember that Ruby ’s implementation is written in C :) .
Challenge / Question !
Can you write an implementation of the intersection algorithm , in pure Ruby , that would approach the speed of Ruby ’s core one ( which is written in C ) ?
2 Term OR
These are queries such as ( hello OR world ) , where we want all the documents that contain either or both of the words – a disjunction :
I wo n’t bother with the naive implementation ( the story is the same just a different operator ) .
Here we need to walk through the posting lists for the two terms and add everything we find to our result list – without duplicates :
```ruby def add_lists ( list1 , list2 ) final_list = [ ] current_list1_index = 0 current_list2_index = 0
while (current_list1_index < list1.length || current_list2_index < list2.length ) if current_list1_index >= list1.length final_list << list2[current_list2_index ] current_list2_index += 1 elsif current_list2_index >= list2.length final_list << ; list1[ current_list1_index ] current_list1_index += 1 elsif list1[ current_list1_index ] == list2[ current_list2_index ] final_list << list1[ current_list1_index ] current_list1_index += 1 current_list2_index += 1 elsif list1[ current_list1_index ] < list2[current_list2_index ] final_list << list1[ current_list1_index ] current_list1_index += 1 else final_list << list2[current_list2_index ] current_list2_index += 1 end end final_list end
def or_words ( word1 , word2 ) postings_list1 = load_postings_list_for_word(word1 ) postings_list2 = load_postings_list_for_word(word2 ) add_lists ( postings_list1 , postings_list2 ) end```
Ruby will of course let us do this even more easily ( if we ’re dealing with sets or arrays that is ) :
ruby def ruby_or_words ( word1 , word2 ) postings_list1 = load_postings_list_for_word(word1 ) postings_list2 = load_postings_list_for_word(word2 ) result = postings_list1 + postings_list2 end
The result of comparing the time will be similar is this case as well , our implementation does well , but Ruby ’s C implementation is more than 2 times faster .
2 Term AND NOT
Now we ’re introducing the NOT operator ( hello AND NOT world ) .
The situation is similar ( again : ) ) to the regular AND , but the algorithm is slightly different in that we want to find all the documents that contain the first term and do n’t contain the second :
```ruby def list_difference ( list1 , list2 ) final_list = [ ] current_list1_index = 0 current_list2_index = 0
while ( current_list1_index < list1.length ) if current_list2_index >= list2.length || list1[ current_list1_index ] < list2[current_list2_index ] final_list << list1[ current_list1_index ] current_list1_index += 1 elsif list1[ current_list1_index ] == list2[ current_list2_index ] current_list1_index += 1 current_list2_index += 1 else current_list2_index += 1 end end final_list end
def and_not_words ( word1 , word2 ) postings_list1 = load_postings_list_for_word(word1 ) postings_list2 = load_postings_list_for_word(word2 )
list_difference(postings_list1 , postings_list2 ) end```
Ruby has a handy operator for this also :
ruby def ruby_and_not_words ( word1 , word2 ) postings_list1 = load_postings_list_for_word(word1 ) postings_list2 = load_postings_list_for_word(word2 ) postings_list1 - postings_list2 end
As usual Ruby ’s C implementation is faster , but our implementation scales well also .
2 Term OR NOT ( also single term NOT )
These last two are a little trickier .
We want to find all documents that contain the first term or the documents that do n’t contain the second , which basically means we want to find all documents in our collection that do n’t contain the second term , which seems to be equivalent to a single term NOT ( i.e. hello OR NOT world = NOT world ) .
Do feel free to correct me if I am wrong here !
Why is this trickier ?
Because our inverted index only contains associations between terms and the documents they belong two , there are no associations for the documents a term does n’t belong to .
Unless we augment our index with further information when we construct it , we really only have two ways out of this situation that I can see :
if we assume that we know how many documents our collection contains in total and our documents have consecutive ids then we can create a list of all document ids and take away the ids we do n’t want ( i.e. perform an AND NOT operation ) we go through the whole dictionary , retrieve each posting list and construct a list of all document ids in the collection that way , then we once again perform the AND NOT operation against the posting list of the term we do n’t want – this does n’t seem very efficient .
Is augmenting the index at construction time the only real way to solve this problem or can anyone see a better way of doing this ?
Query Parsing And Optimization Of Complex Queries
Since we so handily restricted the possible queries we want to process , writing a parser would be relatively trivial .
However there are caveats even here .
When dealing with large document collections ( almost always for search problems ) , we always try to minimize the time we take to generate our results as much a we can .
So is there anything more we can do for our queries ?
Well , it turns out that at least in the case of AND queries we can .
If we sort the query terms by frequency ( remember we store document frequency as part of index construction ) we can begin processing our terms by taking the smallest frequency term first .
If we look at our implementation of the AND query , we can see that we stop once the smaller list is exhausted .
Therefore starting with the smallest frequency term first allows us to do the least amount of work and speed up our processing even more .
We ’re now in the realm of query optimization .
For a two term query this may not be such a big win , but if we decide to allow more complex queries ( i.e. AND with arbitrary number of terms ) , the savings will begin to add up .
If we were to allow arbitrary boolean queries we can quickly end up with a parser and optimizer that is quite complex , consider :
(( a AND b OR C ) AND NOT d) OR e AND f OR NOT g AND ( h AND NOT i ) – scary and ugly
The good news is that the query above can be optimized .
For example we can re-write it in conjunctive normal form or disjunctive normal form ( err , probably - I have n’t actually tried ) .
Challenge !
Have a go at writing a parser / optimizer that will take an arbitrary query that uses AND , OR , NOT and break it down into one of the normal forms .
For some extra points re-arrange it for the most efficient query execution time .
This is a non-trivial problem , I hope you remember your boolean algebra :) .
De Morgan ’s law and distributive law would be a good place to start I think .
Problems With Boolean Systems
As fun as boolean systems are , we can immediately spot some issues .
you need to learn the syntax , for some system this can get extremely complex , especially when more than just three operators are involved , infact people have made careers from being expert at using a particular boolean system
when using AND type queries you will usually get very relevant results but few of them ( high precision , low recall ) , while when using OR type queries will usually net you low precision and high recall , there does n’t seem to be a decent way to combine these to get a happy medium
searching for multi-word phrases that denote a single concept becomes problematic e.g. toilet paper , unless the system includes some type of proximity operator and even then it is not perfect
Ok , so I lied , we did n’t really put together a complete boolean retrieval system in this post .
But you know what - we got close , and we learned a bit about search and boolean queries , and we got to practice our coding skills , and we gained an appreciation for how much complexity is hidden behind even seemingly simple search concepts .
I do believe this is more than enough for one sitting .
I ’d love to hear any comments / criticisms you may have and if you can expand on anything I ’ve said then please do , I do n’t fancy myself an expert by any stretch of the imagination , so any knowledge sharing is welcome .
If you enjoyed this post and would like to read more of my musings then do consider subscribing .
Image by rikhei
London , England ( CNN ) -- Ozzy Osbourne , the former front man of rock group Black Sabbath , says that after decades of living a life of drugs and sex , he 's lucky to be alive today .
Speaking to CNN's Max Foster , Osbourne described in detail how he often played a dangerous game when it came to using drugs and having promiscuous sex .
" With the sexually transmitted disease , what I was doing is playing Russian roulette with sex , " says Osbourne .
" With the drugs , it nearly killed me on a daily basis -- I did a lot of heavy drug taking for a long time and I survived it by the grace of God .
" You might not be as lucky as me -- I 'm living on borrowed time . "
In his autobiography , " I am Ozzy , " Osbourne discusses his past , his family and his time with Black Sabbath .
Answering a viewer 's question on whether he realized his power to change people 's lives , Osbourne replied with shock .
" When you 're on the inside looking , you do n't see it that way , " Osbourne said .
" But I suppose you 're right .
I do -- I do have the power to change people 's lives . "
What does he remember about Black Sabbath ?
" We were just four kids from Aston in Birmingham who had a good idea and it worked out fine . "
Osbourne also discussed the current state of the music industry and the " manufacturing " of artists today .
" It 's completely different -- they 're manufactured people now ... like ice cream .
" Every now and then somebody comes out and I really like them -- I really like this Lady Gaga . "
Cigarette smoking is a well - known risk factor for type 2 diabetes , but new research from Johns Hopkins suggests that quitting the habit may actually raise diabetes risk in the short term .
The researchers suspect the elevated diabetes risk is related to the extra pounds people typically put on after renouncing cigarettes and caution that no one should use the study 's results as an excuse to keep smoking , which is also a risk factor for lung disease , heart disease , strokes and many types of cancer .
" The message is : Do n't even start to smoke , " says study leader Hsin - Chieh " Jessica " Yeh , Ph.D. , an assistant professor of general internal medicine and epidemiology at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine .
" If you smoke , give it up .
That 's the right thing to do .
But people have to also watch their weight , " she adds .
In the study , published in the January 5 issue of Annals of Internal Medicine , researchers found that people who quit smoking have a 70 percent increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes in the first six years without cigarettes as compared to people who never smoked .
The risks were highest in the first three years after quitting and returned to normal after 10 years .
Among those who continued smoking over that period , the risk was lower , but the chance of developing diabetes was still 30 percent higher compared with those who never smoked .
The study enrolled 10,892 middle - aged adults who did not yet have diabetes from 1987 to 1989 .
The patients were followed for up to 17 years and data about diabetes status , glucose levels , weight and more were collected at regular intervals .
Type 2 diabetes is a common disease that interferes with the body 's ability to properly use sugar , and to regulate and properly use insulin , a substance produced by the pancreas which normally lowers blood sugar during and after eating .
In type 2 diabetes , also known as adult - onset diabetes , the pancreas makes plenty of insulin to help the body when food is eaten , but the body cannot use it normally .
The result is excess levels of blood sugar , which over time , can lead to blindness , kidney failure , nerve damage and heart disease .
Overweight people and those with a family history of the disease have an increased risk for developing it , as do smokers , though the causal relationship is unclear .
According to the study , those who smoked the most and those who gained the most weight had the highest likelihood for developing diabetes after they quit .
On average , over the first three years of the study , quitters gained about 8.4 pounds and saw their waist circumferences grow by approximately 1.25 inches .
Yeh and her colleagues want physicians to keep these findings in mind when they are consulting with patients who are giving up cigarettes , especially the heaviest smokers .
They recommend considering countermeasures such as lifestyle counseling , aggressive weight management and the use of nicotine - replacement therapy , which seems to blunt the weight gain related to quitting .
Another key step is more frequent blood glucose screening to assure the earliest detection of diabetes .
Source : Johns Hopkins Medical Institutions
A four - year - old boy has been killed by a falling bullet that was fired into the air during New Year 's Eve celebrations in the US .
Marquel Peters was playing a video game inside a church in the state of Georgia when the bullet pierced the roof and hit him in the head , local media reported .
He collapsed on the floor alongside his parents , bleeding , and was taken to hospital where he died .
" I saw his Nintendo game fall on the floor , and I heard a sound and I heard him scream a little bit and I looked around and all I saw was blood coming from his head , " Marquel 's mother Nathalee Peters told a local TV station . "
" He was my only child ... I miss him , I loved him , he was so sweet , " she told Sky News .
Figure 2 . Mid-infrared spectroscopy of a sample of stars known to host warm dust in their terrestrial planet zones .
The three spectra at the top of the plot illustrate the features of olivine and pyroxene dust species whereas the bottom three spectra illustrate the features of silica dust species .
These species of dust are commonly found in comets and asteroids in our own Solar System .
The red middle curve shows the Gemini - South T - ReCS spectrum of HD 131488 which exhibits a dust spectral feature that is significantly different from the others shown .
Comparison spectra were taken from the Spitzer - IRS archive .
New internet piracy law comes into effect in France
By Hugh Schofield
BBC News , Paris
Supporters of the new law say it could be a model for the rest of the world
The first effects of France 's new law against internet piracy will begin to be felt as the new year begins .
The law was passed after a long struggle in parliament , and in the teeth of bitter opposition from groups opposed to internet restrictions .
Illegal downloaders will be sent a warning e-mail , then a letter if they continue , and finally must appear before a judge if they offend again .
The judge can impose a fine , or suspend their access to the internet .
The Creation and Internet Bill set up a new state agency - the Higher Authority for the Distribution of Works and the Protection of Copyright on the Internet ( Hadopi ) .
The law was backed by President Nicolas Sarkozy and the entertainment industry .
Many opponents
Its supporters say it is a model for other countries around the world that want to protect their creative industries and make clear to ordinary web - users that not everything is for free .
What we think is after the first message ... about two thirds of the people ( will ) stop their illegal usages of the internet
Michel Thiolliere French senator Michel Thiolliere , a French senator and member of the Hadopi , says that if the law is explained properly , then people understand it .
" The internet is a fabulous world , but it needs rules , if you want to get cinema , music or video games in the future .
" What we think is that after the first message ... about two - thirds of the people ( will ) stop their illegal usages of the internet .
" After the second message more than 95 % will finish with that bad usage . "
The law has many opponents , who say either that it is too draconian , or that it has already been overtaken by technology and that serious downloaders will simply sidestep it .
But for supporters , it is a long - overdue necessity .
For them , it is a way of reminding law - abiding citizens who have been tempted by an abundance of apparently free material available on the web , that it does come at a price .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Many people who are arrested or accused of crimes are torn between wanting their stories to be heard and wanting to maintain as much privacy as possible .
In hopes of defending themselves , they sometimes make mistakes that affect the outcomes of their cases — and they ’re often unaware of the consequences and potential alternatives until it ’s too late .
The criminal justice system can be complex , and handling criminal charges alone can be a big mistake .
Whether you ’re facing a first - time DUI or serious felony charges , you only get one chance to defend yourself and make sure your side of the story is heard .
Our criminal defense attorneys are local to Fairfax and help people across the D.C. region understand their rights after an arrest , make informed decisions , and work toward getting charges dismissed or building a strong defense for trial .
For more information , or to talk to one of our experienced criminal defense lawyers now , reach out to Kearney , Freeman , Fogarty & Joshi , PLLC at 877-652-1553 .
What to Do If You Have Been Arrested or Accused of a Crime in Northern Virginia
If you have been arrested for a jailable offense , it ’s very important that you fully understand your rights before you make decisions in your case .
Many times , there may be alternative options available at certain stages of the legal process that can help you get the best outcome for you , but if you are unaware of your rights , it is easy to lose those options as your case moves forward .
If you or a loved one is arrested , it is very important that you :
Do n’t speak to the police or make decisions about your case until you ’ve talked with an attorney .
Do n’t talk about the details of your case with anyone but your attorney , even if the person asking is a friend or family member .
Contact a criminal defense lawyer as soon as possible .
You do n’t have to wait for the situation to get out of control before you contact an attorney .
Although it can be difficult to remain quiet when so much is at stake , getting informed and getting help as soon as possible are the best ways to protect yourself in a difficult and confusing situation .
Why Working With an Experienced Criminal Defense Lawyer Can Make a Difference
Because choices are n’t always clear , and because it is easy to make mistakes or misinformed assumptions about what to expect from the criminal process , it makes sense to have someone on your side who is familiar with the law and the court system in your local area .
The experienced criminal defense lawyers with Kearney , Freeman , Fogarty & Joshi , PLLC , believe in keeping clients involved in their defense every step of the way , and we will :
Speak with you honestly
Keep you informed
Explain what to expect
Help you make informed decisions
Make sure you understand your options after an arrest
Protect your rights throughout the legal process
Help you work toward the best outcome in your individual circumstances
Work toward having charges or evidence dismissed when possible
Uncover police mistakes or violations of your rights
Create a strong legal argument in your defense
Defend you in court
Help you work through the appeals process , if needed
Working with a criminal defense lawyer means gaining a highly informed and experienced ally .
At Kearney , Freeman , Fogarty & Joshi , PLLC , we are committed to doing everything possible to help you reach your goals and make sure you get a fair trial .
Types of Cases Our Fairfax Criminal Defense Attorneys Handle
The attorneys with our Fairfax law firm represent people who have been accused of many different types of criminal cases , including :
If you have any questions about the types of cases we handle or what we can do for you , we encourage you to speak with us .
We are also happy to speak with family members or loved ones who have questions about an arrest or are acting as your “ voice ” while you are in jail .
Contact Our Fairfax Defense Lawyers Today to Protect Your Rights and Your Future
Our criminal defense lawyers can be there for you from the very beginning of your case through the appeals process .
We believe in a personal approach with our clients , and we wo n’t just pass you off to a paralegal .
We are ready to listen to what you have to say , and we are prepared to provide an aggressive defense in your case .
Do n’t wait to get the help you need .
Call us today at 877-652-1553 or fill out our contact form to find out what our trial lawyers can do for you .
IN 2008 large financial firms suffered the biggest declines in share prices of any industry , falling by 56 % overall .
In 2009 they rose by 28 % , but were still 52 % below their peak of May 2007 .
The Morgan Stanley Capital International ( MSCI ) world index tracks the equtiy returns of the world 's 1,500 largest companies .
Though the index gained 27 % last year , it is still 31 % below the peak it hit in October 2007 .
IT and telecoms firms never recovered from the dotcom bust in 2000 , though IT companies posted strong gains in 2009 .
Home | More Videos | About Us | Contact | Subscribe | Donate
" We 'll be in Afghanistan for decades " The Pentagon says expect a very long stay Subscribe to Brasscheck TV Your e-mail address is kept absolutely private
We make it easy to unsubscribe at any time
We first posted this seven years ago
Advertisement
No , this is not a spoof or a put on .
This is what 's actually going on in the field .
What kind of psychopathic criminals would send American troops to fight and die under conditions like this ?
By the way , the US and UK news media rants on and on about the Taliban supporting themselves with opium and heroin trading .
Since the invasion , Afghanistan now provides at least 80 % of the world 's opium .
It 's a $ 3 billion business .
Note that the Taliban 's take is around $ 200 million .
For people who can do math , that 's less than 10 % of the total score .
So who 's getting the rest ?
Friends of Uncle Sam .
I got something lovely in the mail shipped from Canada ... it is a bismuth crystal !
It is a wonderfully beautiful crystal that I can keep on my desk .
It is surprisingly heavy , and when you pick it up and run your fingers over it it sounds like a faint wind chime .
I have already received compliments on it ... everyone is amazed that this is naturally forming !
My Mom even thinks it is kinda shaped like a Christmas tree .
I had to use a picture off the internet because I could n't accurately capture its coloring with my camera .
Mine 's even prettier than the one in the picture :)
I specifically asked my secret santa for something I could keep on my desk ;
It is sitting right next to my reddit USB drive , catching the sunlight ... I had always seen cool stuff like this in my chemistry textbooks and always wanted to see formations like this in person .
Now , I get to keep one ... Nature is awesome .
Reddit is awesome .
My secret santa is AWESOME !
Thanks , frequencyfreak !
Newbie DM , author of the killer blog of the same name , Newbie DM , emailed me about his latest project : an ultra - light mini-RPG geared towards 4 - and 5 - year - olds .
You can read about his system and download the free three - page PDF on his blog .
The PDF includes character sheets .
The system itself is essentially mechanics for combat that turn it into a fun counting exercise for kids — you grab some minis , a dungeon tile or three , and improvise a story .
If you ’re not good at improvising stories for your kids , you ’re probably reading the wrong blog …
I have a 10 - month - old , and my wife and I are both creative people ; I ’d say there ’s a better than average chance our daughter will want to try RPGs .
When she ’s ready for a full - fledged system , I ’ll be introducing her to Mouse Guard ( read my review to see why ) — but before she reaches that point , something like Newbie ’s game would be perfect .
Thanks for sharing this with the GMing community , Newbie !
So , Gnome Stew Readers …
Do you run games for your kids ?
What system do you use ?
What have you learned about how to make gaming fun for them ?
The Urban Rest Stop provides a clean , safe and welcoming facility where individuals and families experiencing homelessness can come and use restrooms ,
laundry facilities and
shower .
All services are provided at no cost to patrons .
State College , Pa .
WE could make faster progress against cancer by changing the way drugs are developed .
In the current system , if a promising compound ca n’t be patented , it is highly unlikely ever to make it to market — no matter how well it performs in the laboratory .
The development of new cancer drugs is crippled as a result .
The reason for this problem is that bringing a new drug to market is extremely expensive .
In 2001 , the estimated cost was $ 802 million ; today it is approximately $ 1 billion .
To ensure a healthy return on such staggering investments , drug companies seek to formulate new drugs in a way that guarantees watertight patents .
In the meantime , cancer patients miss out on treatments that may be highly effective and less expensive to boot .
In 2004 , Johns Hopkins researchers discovered that an off - the - shelf compound called 3 - bromopyruvate could arrest the growth of liver cancer in rats .
The results were dramatic ; moreover , the investigators estimated that the cost to treat patients would be around 70 cents per day .
Yet , three years later , no major drug company has shown interest in developing this drug for human use .
Early this year , another readily available industrial chemical , dichloroacetate , was found by researchers at the University of Alberta to shrink tumors in laboratory animals by up to 75 percent .
However , as a university news release explained , dichloroacetate is not patentable , and the lead researcher is concerned that it may be difficult to find funding from private investors to test the chemical .
So the university is soliciting public donations to finance a clinical trial .
Gaming Dead and Mammoth Manor are pleased to bring you our next gaming comedy short , The Reality of Zelda : Possession with Intent to Bottle .
After a fierce battle with a local homeowner , Link sets out in search of medicine and finds more than he bargained for .
Mammoth Manor ’s Youtube Channel
Gaming Dead ’s Logo Contest
Witnesses have described their horror at seeing a tourist being eaten by a " gigantic " shark in South Africa 's most popular holiday destination .
Lloyd Skinner was pulled under the surf and dragged out to sea by the shark , believed to be a great white , off Fish Hoek beach in Cape Town .
His diving goggles and a dark patch of blood were all that remained in the water .
" Holy shit .
We just saw a gigantic shark eat what looked like a person in front of our house , " witness Gregg Coppen posted on Twitter .
" That shark was huge .
Like dinosaur huge . "
The shocking attack yesterday afternoon came after an increase in recent shark sightings and led to calls for an electronic warning system to alert swimmers .
Skinner , 37 , a Zimbabwean who lived in the Democratic Republic of Congo , was standing chest - deep 100 metres from the shore and adjusting his goggles when the shark struck .
It was seen approaching him twice before he disappeared in a flurry of thrashing .
Cape Town 's disaster management services had issued a warning hours earlier that sharks had been spotted in the water , but the shark flag was not flying .
Witnesses described the terrifying scene .
The shark was " longer than a minibus " , Coppen told the Cape Times newspaper .
He said : " It was this giant shadow heading to something colourful .
Then it sort of came out the water and took this colourful lump and went off with it .
You could see its whole jaw wrap around the thing which turned out to be a person . "
British visitor Phyllis McCartain told the same paper : " We saw the shark come back twice .
It had the man 's body in its mouth , and his arm was in the air .
Then the sea was full of blood . "
Kyle Johnston said : " We were swimming only about 15 metres away from the guy .
We were at about chest depth and he was a little deeper .
We looked at the walkway and saw people waving towels at us , then we looked further out to sea and saw what looked like blood , and a man 's leg come up . "
His friend Dane Leo added : " I was floating and I thought the people waving at us were joking , but then I looked back and saw a fin and blood . "
Kathy Geldenhuys was sitting on a nearby bench .
She recalled : " My husband had just pointed out how far the man was swimming from the other people .
He asked what would happen if he was attacked by a shark , because he was so far away .
The words were hardly cold when the shark attacked that man .
The shark attacked twice ; it turned and attacked the man again ; I just saw the blood on the water . "
Geldenhuys added : " Only when it was attacking did I see the fin , but then I could see the whole body under the water .
It was a very big shark ...
It came from below and grabbed the man .
Part of his body was gone . "
Skinner was reportedly on holiday in Cape Town for the month to attend the wedding of his partner 's daughter .
His partner was at the beach with him .
Four rescue boats and a helicopter searched in vain for Skinner yesterday and resumed the hunt today .
Ian Klopper , a spokesman for the National Sea Rescue Institute , said : " You can rule out any chance of finding him alive .
Whether we find body parts , it 's very unlikely .
We think the shark took everything . "
Shark scientist Alison Kock said it was probably a great white , the most commonly spotted shark in the area .
" More than 70 % of recorded great white attacks on humans result in just the shark biting and then leaving , " she said .
" There is that 30 % where the shark behaves like it did in this case , where it came back and killed the person . "
Kock added there had been an increase in shark sightings in recent weeks .
After a deadly attack at Fish Hoek six years ago , shark spotters were posted on mountain slopes to look for sharks close to popular swimming spots .
The spotters use radios to order that a loud alarm be sounded so people can move to safety .
This attack has reportedly prompted discussions about introducing an electronic detection system .
Klopper said he was unaware of details , but past speculation has included sonar buoys able to identify sharks and transmit a warning signal .
Critics say this would be impractical .
Beaches along Cape Town's False Bay coastline were closed today , but several bathers ignored the warning flags and ventured into shallow waters .
Lifeguards asked them to get out and the shark alarm sounded several times .
In a 1982 speech , President Ronald Reagan declared illicit drugs a threat to America 's national security , putting a too - literal gloss on the phrase " war on drugs . "
Reagan went on to liken America 's drug war determination to the obstinacy of the French army at the World War I Battle of Verdun , quoting a French soldier who implored , " There are no impossible situations .
There are only people who think they 're impossible . "
It was a telling analogy , though in a way Reagan probably did n't intend .
Verdun was a bloody , brutal battle of attrition .
A quarter million soldiers lost their lives ; another 700,000 were wounded in the months - long battle for a tract of land that offered little practical advantage to either army .
In the years since the war , Verdun has come to symbolize the futility of war — the way politicians and generals are willing to write off the mass loss of human life as mere collateral damage in pursuit of some symbolic but ultimately empty goal .
Three drug war deaths in recent headlines show that the Verdun mentality continues to thrive in America 's century - old effort to protect its citizens from themselves .
Today , actual war weaponry , armor , and tactics are as much a part of the war on drugs as Reagan 's rhetoric implied back when the drug war was young .
And law enforcement officials shrug off the deaths of innocents as if they were the same sort of collateral damage you 'd find on a battlefield .
Last month , the family of the late Tarika Wilson won a $ 2.5 million settlement from the city of Lima , Ohio .
In 2008 , as a tactical narcotics unit raided the home of her boyfriend Anthony Terry , the 26 - year - old Wilson dropped to her knees in an upstairs bedroom , one arm over her head , the other clutching her infant son Sincere .
As the officers stormed the home , one opened fire on Terry 's dogs .
Another officer , Sgt. Joseph Chavalia , mistook those shots for hostile gunfire , and himself opened up his weapon into the room where Wilson was kneeling .
Wilson was killed .
Her son lost a hand .
Chavalia was acquitted of manslaughter last year at a trial in which one former police officer , who now testifies as a specialist in the use of force , declared that Chavalia should have opened fire on the unarmed mother and child sooner .
Though these highly volatile raids are often justified on the premise that drug dealers are heavily armed , a subsequent survey of no - knock raids by the Lima News last year found that most raids in that city failed to yield any weapons at all .
In fact , a third of the raids conducted by the Lima police department between 2001 and 2008 turned up no contraband — drugs or guns .
The settlement included no admission of wrongdoing on the part of the city .
The family of Jonathan Ayers has also filed a lawsuit against the police agency that killed him .
Ayers , a pastor survived by a pregnant wife , was killed by a drug task force in Taccoa , Georgia last September .
The police were targeting Johanna Kayla Jones Barrett , a suspected prostitute and low - level drug dealer .
On the day of his death , Ayers — who had been counseling Barrett , and had given her some financial help to avoid eviction — dropped her off at the motel where she was staying with her boyfriend , then drove to a gas station to get cash from an ATM .
According to surveillance video and a subsequent investigation by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation , the task force officers followed Ayers to the gas station and , though they had no warrant for him and were n't targeting him , nevertheless confronted him as if he were a heavily armed kingpin .
The narcotics agents jumped out of a black , unmarked SUV , guns drawn , and approached Ayers ' car .
Ayers , who just before he died would tell emergency room attendants he thought he was being robbed , threw his car into reverse in an attempt to escape , grazing one of the agents in the process .
That agent then fired at Ayers ' car , hitting Ayers twice .
Ayers continued down the road , wrecked his car , and later died at the hospital .
Last last month , a grand jury found that the shooting of Ayers was justified .
Finally , there 's Gonzalo Guizan , killed last May during a drug raid in Easton , Connecticut .
Guizan was visiting the home of Ronald Terebesi Jr. , the target of the raid .
A stripper had earlier told police that Terebesi and Guizan were using , not distributing , cocaine in Terebesi 's home .
The police responded with a full - on SWAT raid , complete with flash grenades , that ended in Guizan 's death .
Police found no weapons in Terebesi 's home , and only enough drugs to charge him with a misdemeanor .
Nearly 10 months later , the office of the Connecticut attorney general finally released its report on the raid .
The report concluded that Guizan , who was unarmed and had no prior criminal record , attempted to wrest a gun from one of the officers , at which point he was shot .
The report , however , relied only on the shooting officer 's statements , and neither Guizan 's DNA nor his fingerprints were found on the weapon .
The attorney general 's report states that it makes no judgment on the appropriateness of the raid tactics , only on whether the officer 's actions were legal .
A subsequent video of the raid released to an attorney for Guizan 's family casts some doubt on the narrative ; it shows that just seconds transpired between the officers ' entry and the sound of gunshots .
It 's possible that all three officers in these cases were justified in discharging their weapons .
This method of drug war policing — bringing paramilitary - style units to bear on suspects in a highly volatile , confrontational manner — creates dangerous , high - stakes scenarios where both cop and suspect have to make split - second decisions under unimaginable circumstances ( though it 's unfortunate that people on the receiving end of these tactics are n't given the same consideration and leniency the cops are ) .
There 's no margin for error .
It 's the tactics that are the problem .
Neither Ayers , Wilson , nor Guizan were violent people .
Nor were any of them the target of a criminal investigation .
Had the police used less violent methods in each incident , all three would still be alive today .
If the individual police officers who fired the fatal shots in these cases were all following the proper procedures , then we need to question the procedures .
But even in response to tragedies like these , procedures and tactics almost never change .
Or if they do , they tend to change in the direction of more force , more weaponry , and more confrontation .
The family of Tarika Wilson will be paid , and it's possible the families of Jonathan Ayers and Gonzalo Guizan will , too .
Taxpayers will foot the bill .
The individual officers who pulled the trigger are rarely punished , and are often rewarded .
But the hyper - aggressive raids and military mindset will continue .
And so will the deaths .
Nearly a quarter century after Reagan 's Verdun speech , deployments of SWAT - teams and similar paramilitary police units into the homes of American citizens have increased from about 3,000 per year during Reagan 's first term to around 50,000 annually today .
The vast majority of these are to serve drug warrants , though we 're now seeing them used for white collar crimes and to raid poker games , as well .
America 's police departments now sport military - grade weapons , vehicles , and armor .
Each year , we get about a dozen cases like the three described above , plus a few dead cops and hundreds , perhaps thousands , of drug - war deaths involving less sympathetic victims .
And it 's as easy to obtain illicit drugs today as it was in 1982 .
Radley Balko is a senior editor at Reason magazine .
Owen : I heard there 's a new version of the compiler .
Desmond : I 've been looking into it .
Desmond :
It 's faster , but not that much faster .
It has cool new language features , but we do n't need them .
The code generator is 3.7 % more efficient , but could introduce any number of subtle bugs .
In short , upgrading would be risky and unnecessary .
Owen :
You really want to , do n't you ?
Desmond ( clenching Owen 's tie ) : Like the deserts miss the rain .
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Ireland is offering money to immigrants to leave the recession - crippled Republic .
The Irish Department of Justice has confirmed that it is opening an EU - funded project to persuade foreign workers and asylum seekers to return to their country of origin .
A spokeswoman told the Observer this weekend that the scheme will only apply to non-EU nationals living in the Republic and would involve the department spending almost € 600,000 this year to pay for immigrants and their families to return to nations outside the European Union .
" The grants will not be given to individuals but rather the scheme will operate through projects and organisations , " she added .
" They [ immigrants ] can apply for the fund only through organisations and community groups .
It is the first time we have introduced the scheme . "
The department has made it clear it had no projected figure in mind as to the number of immigrants the government hopes will take up the repatriation grants .
Advertisements promoting the scheme were published in Irish national newspapers on Friday .
Application forms will also be available for non-EU nationals in the main immigration centre on Burgh Quay , Dublin .
The voluntary repatriation programme comes at a time of rising fears about the cost of immigration into Ireland .
Last week the mayor of Limerick caused a political storm when he called for the deportation of EU nationals who were out of work for more than three months and were claiming social welfare benefits .
Kevin Kiely said : " We are borrowing €400 million per week to maintain our own residents and we can't afford it .
" During the good times it was grand , but we can't afford the current situation unless the EU is willing to step in and pay for non-nationals . "
However the mayor was forced to withdraw his remarks after a storm of protests .
His own party , Fine Gael , distanced itself from his comments .
In a subsequent statement , Kiely said : " I still am of the opinion and so are others , who have approached me in recent days , that there is abuse of the Irish social welfare system .
" But in seeking to highlight this I inadvertently caused offence to others , which I very much regret . "
During the latter years of the Celtic Tiger boom Ireland underwent a demographic revolution in terms of its ethnic make - up .
Up until the early 1990s Ireland was 95 % white and Catholic .
However , according to the Republic 's central statistics office , about 18 % of Ireland 's inhabitants are now non-nationals .
Most of them are from eastern Europe , China , Brazil and west Africa or are British citizens who have settled on the island .
Some academics , such as Dr Bryan Fanning of University College Dublin , estimate that the real figure is more than 20 % , meaning Ireland 's " foreign " citizens make up over one fifth of the Republic 's entire population .
The majority of the immigrants who arrived during the boom years were enticed to Ireland to fill vacancies in the construction , retail and tourist sectors – the main parts of the Irish economy to be severely hit by the current recession .
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - Children who are breastfed for longer than six months could be at lower risk of mental health problems later in life , new research from Australia suggests .
Danielle Shield breastfeeds her six - month - old daughter Rosa Murphy at the Delta Airlines counter at Logan Airport in Boston , Massachusetts November 21 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Brian Snyder
“ Breastfeeding for a longer duration appears to have significant benefits for the onward mental health of the child into adolescence , ” Dr. Wendy H. Oddy of the Telethon Institute for Child Health Research in West Perth and her colleagues report in The Journal of Pediatrics .
Breastfeeding could help babies cope better with stress , the researchers note , and may also signal a stronger mother - child attachment and these benefits may last .
Oddy and her colleagues studied 2,366 children born to women enrolled the Western Australia Pregnancy Cohort ( Raine ) Study .
Each of the children underwent a mental health assessment when they were 2 , 5 , 8 , 10 , and 14 years old .
Eleven percent were never breastfed , 38 percent were breastfed for less than six months , and just over half were breastfed for six months or longer .
The mothers who breastfed for less than six months were younger , less educated , poorer , and more stressed , and were also more likely to be smokers , than the moms who breastfed for longer .
They were also more likely to suffer from postpartum depression , and their babies were more likely to have growth problems .
At each of the assessments , the researchers found , children who were breastfed for shorter periods of time had worse behavior .
Differences were seen for internalizing behavior , in which negativity is directed inwards , for example depression ; and in externalizing behaviors , such as aggression .
For each additional month a child was breastfed , behavior improved .
Breastfeeding for six months or longer remained positively associated with the mental health and well - being of children and adolescents after the investigators adjusted for social , economic and psychological factors as well as early life events .
They conclude : “ Interventions aimed at increasing breastfeeding duration could be of long - term benefit for child and adolescent mental health . ”
SOURCE : The Journal of Pediatrics , online December 14 , 2009 .
Share Tweet Share
In recent months , I ’ve been working on a lot of Django / PostgreSQL projects .
Django works pretty well with Postgres , and on the whole I ’m happy with it as a framework .
For one thing , it ’s pretty easy to get it out of the way when the framework and ORM become an obstacle rather than an aid .
It also makes some sensible decisions about MVC organization , and it ’s easy for a database geek to understand the Models structure .
And it can be easily adapted to working with stored procedures and views , and ( glory be ) uses transactions .
However , there are a few things which could make Django a better platform for data - centric applications , and I ’m offering the list below as constructive criticism in hopes of influencing the development direction of Django .
It ’s likely that my company will contribute to a few of these items .
Multiple Connection Support : Django should be able to support multiple connections , either to different databases or as different users .
I understand that this is coming in 1.2 .
Allow the Use of Schema in Place of App Names : currently Django prefixes all table names with the “ app name ” resulting in table names like legacyauth_userpreference .
This makes sense on databases with no schema support , but it would be great if , on Postgres , Oracle and other DBs with good schema support , Django would support replacing that “ _ ” with a “ . ” so that we could use real schema .
I realize that I ’m asking that Django make its multi-DB support more sophisticated by having per-DB - platform configuration , but I strongly feel that ’s where Django should go .
Have Some Security Consciousness : currently a full - blown ORM Django application always connects as the database owner , all the time .
This is an obvious security issue .
Django could support connecting as the database owner when creating models , and as a less priveleged user at other times .
Once there ’s multi-connection support , of course .
Leave Foreign Keys to the Database : currently if you ’ve established an FK relationship in models .py , if you delete a parent record , Django walks the child records itself and deletes them .
This is inefficient , error - prone , and leads to horrible deadlock situations .
Leave FK deletion to the database via CASCADE — the database is built for it , and knows how to handle locking .
Make Sure Abandoned Transactions Get Garbage - Collected : this may actually be more of a psycopg2 issue , but currently if the Django server gets overloaded , it abandons transactions without terminating them .
This results in idle transactions running for up to 60 seconds on the database server , which in an already loaded application is meltdown - inducing .
Do n’t Retrieve Entire Rows to Get One Column : I know it ’s useful to think of rows as objects , but I ’ve seen Django use an ID to retrieve an entire 28 - column row in order to get … the ID .
This is wrong , and means that any database backing Django has to engineer carefully to avoid wide rows .
Pulling data across the wire from the DB server is expensive , and one should pull the least data one can get away with .
Thanks for listening …
I would n’t make suggestions if I did n’t think Django was worth improving .
Al Qaeda Leader Behind Northwest Flight 253 Terror Plot Was Released by U.S. Man believed behind Northwest Airlines plot was set free .
Dec. 28 , 2009  -- THIS PIECE HAS BEEN CORRECTED SINCE IT WAS FIRST PUBLISHED .
One of the four leaders allegedly behind the al Qaeda plot to blow up a Northwest Airlines passenger jet over Detroit was released by the U.S. from the Guantanamo prison in November 2007 , according to American officials and Department of Defense documents .
Al Qaeda claimed responsibility for the Northwest bombing in a Monday statement that vowed more attacks on Americans .
American officials agreed to send the terrorist from Guantanamo to Saudi Arabia , where he entered into an " art therapy rehabilitation program " and was set free , according to U.S. and Saudi officials .
ABC
News described his enrollment in the art therapy program in a January report .
( See video to the left . )
Guantanamo prisoner prisoner # 372 , Said Ali Shari was sent to Saudi Arabia on Nov. 9 , 2007 , according to the Defense Department log of detainees who were released from American custody .
The Saudi national has since emerged in leadership roles in Yemen , according to U.S. officials and the men's own statements on al Qaeda propaganda tapes .
ABCNews.com reported Monday in error that former Guantanamo prisoner # 333 , Muhamad Attik al - Harbi , was one of four leaders of the al Qaeda group that claimed responsibility for the attempted bombing .
Al - Harbi , who now goes by the name Muhamad al - Awfi , turned himself in to the Saudi government in Februrary 2009 and therefore could not have played a direct role in organizing the attempt to bring down Northwest flight 253 .
Al - Harbi appeared in a propaganda tape released by the group in January 2009 .
According to published reports , he surrendered to Saudi security forces one month later in February 2009 , well before the August arrival in Yemen of accused underwear bomber , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab .
According to the group 's own statements and U.S. officials , the second former Guantanamo prisoner , Said Ali Shari , continues as a commander of the al Qaeda group , which U.S. officials say poses the most direct , operational threat to U.S. and western citizens .
Both of the former Guantanamo detainees appear on a January 2009 video along with the man described as the top leader of al Qaeda in Yemen , Abu Basir Naser al - Wahishi , formerly Osama bin Laden 's personal secretary .
In its Monday statement claiming responsibility for the Northwest bombing , Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula called bombing suspect Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab a " hero " and a " martyr " and lauded him for beating U.S. intelligence .
The two - page written claim included a photo of Abdulmutallab and boasted of Al Qaeda 's success in designing " advanced explosive packages " that can pass through airport screening undetected .
The statement also asks for attacks upon Americans in the Arabian peninsula , and promises further attacks on the American people .
Abdulmutallab : Northwest Airlines Bomb Suspect
The suspected bomber , 23 - year - old Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , told FBI agents he was trained for his Christmas Day mission in Yemen by top leaders of al Qaeda who provided him with the explosive materials .
" The so - called rehabilitation programs are a joke , " a U.S. diplomat said in describing the Saudi efforts with released Guantanamo detainees .
Saudi officials concede its program has had its " failures " but insist that , overall , the effort has helped return potential terrorists to a meaningful life .
One program gives the former detainees paints and crayons as part of the rehabilitation regimen .
A similar rehabilitation program in Yemen was stopped because so many of the detainees quickly joined with al Qaeda or its affiliates , the official said .
The increased role of al Qaeda in Yemen , which joined with the Saudi al Qaeda unit , has underscored the problem of how to best handle the repatriation of detainees at Guantanamo .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Fresh off a fighting stance at an Ohio event , President Obama aimed a haymaker at the Supreme Court in his Saturday morning address , saying a 5 - 4 ruling striking down the 2002 McCain - Feingold campaign finance reform law undermines the Republic by giving “ voice to the powerful interests that already drown out the voices of everyday Americans . ”
In unusually testy language , Mr. Obama vented his frustration at the end of a tough week for liberals that saw the election of a Republican in dark - blue Massachusetts , the potential demise of broad - based healthcare reform , and the crash of the liberal radio network Air America .
But the Supreme Court ’s ruling , which lifted some limits on corporate and union campaign spending , represents perhaps the gravest threat of all to Americans since it could mean the end of “ common sense legislation ” regarding healthcare or the environment , Obama said .
Republicans , meanwhile , hailed the ruling as a tribute to free speech , which GOP chairman Michael Steele said “ strengthens democracy . ”
Lobbyists had a banner year
Although Roll Call reports that K Street lobbyists had a banner year in 2009 , Obama told Americans that his administration has “ pushed back ” against special interests to make sure the White House is “ the people ’s house . ”
The ruling on Thursday gives corporations – and , most notably , foreign businesses – undue influence on US elections , Obama said .
“ This ruling opens the floodgates for an unlimited amount of special interest money into our democracy , ” Obama said .
“ It gives the special interest lobbyists new leverage to spend millions on advertising to persuade elected officials to vote their way – or to punish those who do n't .
That means that any public servant who has the courage to stand up to the special interests and stand up for the American people can find himself or herself under assault come election time .
Even foreign corporations may now get into the act .
I can't think of anything more devastating to the public interest . ”
The case in question , Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission , focused on a conservative group ’s financial expenditures to promote an anti-Hillary Clinton movie just before last year ’s presidential primaries .
McCain - Feingold prohibits that kind of expenditure for ads targeting individual candidates for 30 days before a primary and 60 days before a general election .
Court : money = speech
Equating money with speech , the court ’s one - vote majority said the law “ takes the right to speak from some and gives it to others , ” thereby depriving the “ disadvantaged person or class the right to use speech … to establish worth , standing , and respect . ”
Dissenters on the court criticized the idea that the Framers had intended to equate corporate and individual rights .
Obama told Americans he has already begun to develop a forceful , bipartisan response to the ruling .
" We have begun that work , and it will be a priority for us until we repair the damage that has been done , " he said .
Still , as the Monitor ’s Gail Russell Chaddock reports , the ruling leaves Democrats with few options .
The ruling shows that tectonic shifts in the political and legal landscape are throwing up barriers to Obama ’s campaign promise to limit special interests .
But the President promised Americans , “ I ’ll never stop fighting to make sure that the most powerful voice in Washington belongs to you . ”
Many conservatives , however , say the court ’s decision highlights the country ’s philosophical divide , with Democrats ’ ideals now backed into a corner .
“ To those for whom MoveOn.org and the countless left - wing 527 operations are the forces of truth and justice , and corporations the font of rich evil men of the 1930 ’s plutocratic cartoons , this case is a disaster for the commonweal , ” writes Clarice Feldman on the conservative Pajamas Media website .
“ But for those of us who think free speech is inviolate , and more important in the context of elections than it is in flag burnings or obscenity cases , this decision is a long overdue righting of a preposterous error of legislative judgment . ”
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
Offshore wind power and wave energy foundations can increase local abundances of fish and crabs .
The reef - like constructions also favour for example blue mussels and barnacles .
What 's more , it is possible to increase or decrease the abundance of various species by altering the structural design of foundation .
This was shown by Dan Wilhelmsson of the Department of Zoology , Stockholm University , in a recently published dissertation .
" Hard surfaces are often hard currency in the ocean , and these foundations can function as artificial reefs .
Rock boulders are often placed around the structures to prevent erosion ( scouring ) around these , and this strengthens the reef function , " says Dan Wilhelmsson .
A major expansion of offshore wind power is underway along European coasts , and the interest is growing in countries such as the US , China , Japan , and India .
Moreover , wave power technologies are being developed very rapidly .
Many thousand wind and wave power plants grouped in large arrays that each cover several square kilometers can be expected .
How marine life will react to this is not clear , but several research projects investigating the impacts of noise , shadows , electromagnetic fields , and changes in hydrology etc. are underway .
Dan Wilhelmsson studied how offshore wind turbines constitute habitats for fish , crabs , lobsters , fouling animals , and plants .
He shows that wind turbines , even without scour protection , function as artificial reefs for bottom dwelling fish .
The seabed in the vicinity of wind turbines had higher densities of fish compared to further away from the turbines and in reference areas .
This was despite that the natural bottoms were rich in boulders and algae .
Blue mussels dominated on the wind turbines that appeared to offer good growth conditions .
Wave power foundations , too , constituting massive concrete blocks , proved to attract fish and large crabs .
Blue mussels fall down from the surface buoys and become food for animals on the foundations and on the adjacent seabed .
Lobsters also settle under the foundations .
In a large - scale experiment , holes were drilled in the foundations , and this dramatically increased numbers of crabs .
The position of the holes also proved to be of importance for the crabs .
However , aggregations of certain species may have a negative impact on other species .
The number of predatory animals on artificial reefs can sometimes become so large that the organisms they prey on , such as sea-pens , starfish , and crustaceans , are decimated in the surroundings , and certain species can disappear entirely .
" With wind and wave energy farms , it should be possible to create large areas with biologically productive reef structures , which would moreover be protected from bottom trawling .
By carefully designing the foundations it would be possible to favour and protect important species or , conversely , to reduce the reef effects in order minimize the impact on an area , " says Dan Wilhelmsson .
Java Native Access from Clojure
I tried to pick up JNI multiple times but in the end , I got bored .
There is so much boiler plate code that you have to write even for trivial things .
A while ago I stumbled upon a project called JNA ( Java Native Access ) , it allows you to access native shared libraries from Java without using the Java Native Interface .
I have been meaning to play with it for a while , last night i had some free time , I thought I give it a shot .
I have created two implementations , first one is the documented way of calling native libraries , it works but it will present problems for some functions , such as there is no way to create a method that accepts variable number of arguments using gen- interface macro which is a big problem for functions like printf , you have to know before hand how many variables you will call it with .
There is also the problem of structs ,
// Original C code typedef struct _ Point { int x , y ; } Point ;
In order to represent this struct , in Java one would use ,
// Equivalent JNA mapping class Point extends Structure { public int x , y ; }
which can't be done in Clojure , at first I thought I was stuck , but turns out there are workarounds .
First , documented way of calling printf ,
( gen - interface : name jna .
CLibrary : extends [ com.sun.jna.Library ] : methods [ [ printf [ String ] void ] ] )
We create a interface that extends com.sun.jna .
Library ( use full package name even if you import it !! ) , and define which methods we will be calling .
You need to compile this before hand .
Now you can call printf ,
( def glibc ( Native / loadLibrary " c " jna .
CLibrary ) ) ( . printf glibc " Hello , World . .
" )
Obvious problem here , is that this will only work for simple functions , pretty much all functions that does something interesting , will expect some sort of structure as a parameter which we can not emulate in Clojure .
While digging through the documentation , I found the Function class which allows you to make calls without creating an interface , with it we can now pass variables as an array which allows us to call printf with variable length arguments .
( defmacro jna -call [ lib func ret & args ] `( let [ library # ( name ~lib ) function # ( com.sun.jna.Function /getFunction library # ~ func ) ] ( .invoke function # ~ret ( to - array [ ~@args ] ) ) ) )
With a simple macro we can now make any native call we want ,
( jna -call :c " printf " Integer " kjhkjh " ) ;;
Some POSIX Calls ( jna-call :c " mkdir " Integer " /tmp/jnatesttemp " 07777 ) ( jna-call :c " rename " Integer " /tmp/jnatesttemp " " /tmp/jnatesttempas " ) ( jna -call :c " rmdir " Integer " /tmp/jnatesttempas " )
Armed with this macro , I thought I can solve the age old Java question , How to find the free space available on the disk ?
( Pre 1.6 ) .
This is where I hit the second wall , the call to get free space on my Mac OS X is , statvfs which expects a string pointing to the directory and a struct that it will fill the information for us , a struct which we can not emulate in Clojure .
Couple more hours of google fun , it turns out that this can also be worked around .
You can request a Pointer object from JNA which you can pass to functions ,
( defmacro jna-malloc [ size ] `( let [ buffer # ( java.nio.ByteBuffer /allocateDirect ~ size ) pointer# ( Native / getDirectBufferPointer buffer# ) ] ( .order buffer # java.nio.ByteOrder /LITTLE_ENDIAN ) { : pointer pointer # : buffer buffer#} ) )
You give JNA a ByteBuffer it will give you a pointer , you can pass this Pointer around instead of a Structure .
( let [ struct ( jna-malloc 44 ) ] ( jna -call :c " statvfs " Integer " / git " ( : pointer struct ) ) ( let [ fbsize ( .get Int ( : buffer struct ) ) frsize ( .get Int ( : buffer struct ) 4 ) blocks ( . get Int ( : buffer struct ) 8 ) bfree ( .get Int ( : buffer struct ) 12 ) bavail ( .get Int ( : buffer struct ) 16 ) ] ( println " f_fbsize " fbsize ) ( println " f_frsize " frsize ) ( println " blocks " blocks ) ( println " bfree " bfree ) ( println " bavail " bavail ) ) )
Now we can just do the math and get free space .
C equivalent would be ,
#include < stdio.h > # include < string.h> # include < sys/ statvfs .h> int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { struct statvfs fiData ; char fnPath [ 128 ] ; strcpy ( fnPath , argv [ 1 ] ) ; statvfs ( fnPath , &fiData ) ; printf ( " Disk %s :
" , fnPath ) ; printf ( " \tf_bsize : %u
" , fiData.f_bsize ) ; printf ( " \tf_frsize : %i
" , fiData.f_frsize ) ; printf ( " \tf_blocks : %i
" , fiData.f_blocks ) ; printf ( " \tf_bfree : %i
" , fiData.f_bfree ) ; printf ( " \tf_bavail : %i
" , fiData.f_bavail ) ; }
C output ,
$ gcc spc.c && ./a.out / git Disk / git : f_bsize : 1048576 f_frsize : 4096 f_blocks : 60965668 f_bfree : 33754724 f_bavail : 33690724
Clojure output ,
jna= > f_fbsize 1048576 f_frsize 4096 blocks 60965668 bfree 33754724 bavail 33690724 nil
I have picked up a few tips from this experiment , get a very simple C/C++ program going , you need to know the sizes of different types and structures , you are still playing with C so be prepared to play with bytes to get / send the information you need .
Overall this is a very good weapon to add to your arsenal , when you need some functionality which Java does not support .
JNA is much slower than JNI , so this is not useful to speed things up .
C is C so you will have crashes and complex function signatures will drive you nuts .
By Mark Ward
Technology correspondent , BBC News
Capturing experiences can change the way some services are run Social media could transform the NHS and other public services in the same way that file - sharing changed the music industry , a conference has heard .
Growing use of tools , such as Facebook and Twitter , offered an opportunity to reinvent services , delegates heard .
The MyPublicServices event debated ways to harness these conversations , many of which are critical , to make services better and more inclusive .
If this was not done , many services would be undermined , speakers said .
" It 's happened to the music and travel industries and it's going to happen to public services , " said Dr Paul Hodgkin , founder of the Patient Opinion site that organised the MyPublicServices conference .
Said Dr Hodgkin : " The question is how do we cope with it in a useful and productive way and not spend decades beating each other up ? "
Capturing stories Dr Hodgkin created Patient Opinion to capture stories about what happened to people when they got medical treatment .
The site takes their criticism or praise and routes it to people in a local health authority who need to know and can , if need be , use that information to improve services .
He said that conversations about people 's experiences with public services were going on all over the web and needed to be taken into account .
I 'm not sure that the government can re-engineer itself from the inside out
Tom Loosemore , 4ip Dr James Munro , the director of Patient Opinion , said the web and the rising influence of social media such as Facebook , Twitter and other discussion sites was likely to force big changes in the running of programmes .
" Public services seem only to be there to give you what you need , " he said .
" A patient is all about being passive . "
" This is about turning things upside down so the thing that looks like a deficit , your experience , becomes the gift you have to give to other people . "
The conference heard from many people who had been moved by their frustration with current practices to set up a website or a service that can do something about it .
Denise Stephens created Enabled by Design in 2003 after being diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis .
Ms Stephens said she grew increasingly frustrated with unattractive assistive technology that made her home resemble a hospital .
She started Enabled By Design to share information about better designed , cheaper and more attractive alternatives .
" A lot of assistive technology is ugly and does not do the job very well , " said Ms Stephens .
Talking about their experiences at MyPublicServices were projects to ensure that those in nursing homes are looked after with dignity , to help make welfare to work programmes less adversarial and a place to report experiences with police investigations .
Tom Loosemore , head of 4iP , Channel 4's Innovation fund , said he suspected that active citizens and frustrated users could become a big catalyst for change in public services .
" The design of public services around the needs of the public not the needs of the state enabled by the internet , that 's the big change , " he said .
" I 'm not sure that the government can re-engineer itself from the inside out , " he said .
" It 's going to take the demands of people to force it into shape . "
He counselled attendees to " shout loud and force change " on local and central government .
He told conference goers : " You are the future of public services not .gov.uk . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Szeretne azonnal értesülni a legfontosabb hírekről ?
Nem kérem Kérem
[ {" available " : true , " c_guid " : " c0f6763e-f6dd-4f10-9b16-331faead640b " , " c_author " : " Fekő Ádám " , " category " : " itthon " , " description " : " Előbb politikai elemzők , majd a hat ellenzéki párt képviselői beszélték át , mennyire lehet csodafegyver az előválasztás , szükség van-e erre minden körzetben , mi legyen a civil jelöltekkel és mit kell ígérni a választóknak azonkívül , hogy leváltanák Orbán Viktort . " , " shortLead " : " Előbb politikai elemzők , majd a hat ellenzéki párt képviselői beszélték át , mennyire lehet csodafegyver ... " , " id " :" 20200929_ellenzeki_osszefogas_elovalasztas_vita " , " image " : " https://img2.hvg.hu/image.aspx?id=c0f6763e-f6dd-4f10-9b16-331faead640b&view=ffdb5e3a-e632-4abc-b367-3d9b3bb5573b " , " index " : 0 , " item " : " 54793b5d-39b2-4260-af29-3b89ddab9f5f " , " keywords " : null , " link " : " / itthon/20200929_ellenzeki_osszefogas_elovalasztas_vita " , " timestamp " : " 2020 .
szeptember .
29 . 17:40 " , " title " : " Mi lesz , ha a Fidesz meghekkeli az előválasztást ? " , " trackingCode " : " RELATED " , " c_isbrandchannel " : false , " c_isbrandcontent " : false , " c_isbrandstory " : false , " c_isbrandcontentorbrandstory " : false , " c_isbranded " : false , " c_ishvg360article " : false , " c_partnername " : null , " c_partnerlogo " : " 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 " , " c_partnertag " : null} , {" available " : true , " c_guid " : " d92aa43b-da31-4d0f-89d7-376be4347f0c " , " c_author " : " Dezső András " , " category " : " itthon " , " description " : " Négy év fogházra ítélték első fokon M. Richárdot , aki 2017 tavaszán a Mercedesével összeütközött egy Citroennel , a balesetben ketten meghaltak .
Ezenkívül örökre eltiltották az autóvezetéstől .
A Citroen sofőrjét is 1 év 10 hónap fogházra ítélték , de az ő büntetését 3 évre felfüggesztették .
Az ügyészség és M. Richárd is fellebbezne , így az ítélet nem jogerős .
M. Richárd bűnügyi felügyeletét szerdán megszüntették és noha az ügyészség kezdeményezte az előzetes letartóztatását , a bíró ezt nem látta indokoltnak .
" , " shortLead " : " Négy év fogházra ítélték első fokon M. Richárdot , aki 2017 tavaszán a Mercedesével összeütközött egy Citroennel ... " , " id " :" 20200930_m_richard_itelet " , " image " : " https://img2.hvg.hu/image.aspx?id=d92aa43b-da31-4d0f-89d7-376be4347f0c&view=ffdb5e3a-e632-4abc-b367-3d9b3bb5573b " , " index " : 0 , " item " : " e2e0991d-02cf-4c68-9612-b258c94e82b3 " , " keywords " : null , " link " : " / itthon/20200930_m_richard_itelet " , " timestamp " : " 2020 .
szeptember .
30 . 09:16 " , " title " : " Négy év fogházat kapott M. Richárd a Dózsa György ú ti baleset miatt " , " trackingCode " : " RELATED " , " c_isbrandchannel " : false , " c_isbrandcontent " : false , " c_isbrandstory " : false , " c_isbrandcontentorbrandstory " : false , " c_isbranded " : false , " c_ishvg360article " : false , " c_partnername " : null , " c_partnerlogo " : " 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 " , " c_partnertag " : null} , {" available " : true , " c_guid " : " 73d8f23f-7a19-4667-9b06-e05561d443 cf " , " c_author " : " hvg.hu " , " category " : " gazdasag " , " description " : " Több , mint 10 százalékkal nőttek a bérek , legalábbis azoknak , akik meg tudták tartani a munkájukat . " , " shortLead " : " Több , mint 10 százalékkal nőttek a bérek , legalábbis azoknak , akik meg tudták tartani a munkájukat . " , " id " :" 20200930 _KSH_kereset_berek_fizetes " , " image " : " https://img2.hvg.hu/image.aspx?id=73d8f23f-7a19-4667-9b06-e05561d443cf&view=ffdb5e3a-e632-4abc-b367-3d9b3bb5573b " , " index " : 0 , " item " : " e2262879-150c-479d-85 fb-4ca560ab499a " , " keywords " : null , " link " : " / gazdasag/20200930 _KSH_kereset_berek_fizetes " , " timestamp " : " 2020 .
szeptember .
30 . 09:00 " , " title " : " KSH : 401 ezer forint a magyar átlagkereset " , " trackingCode " : " RELATED " , " c_isbrandchannel " : false , " c_isbrandcontent " : false , " c_isbrandstory " : false , " c_isbrandcontentorbrandstory " : false , " c_isbranded " : false , " c_ishvg360article " : false , " c_partnername " : null , " c_partnerlogo " : " 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 " , " c_partnertag " : null} , {" available " : true , " c_guid " : " d0cd8869-0ac7-47a1-b15b-c9f2bd8ed9d2 " , " c_author " : " HVG360 " , " category " : " 360 " , " description " : " A legjelent ősebb lapok cikkeiben egyaránt úgy vélik , hogy magyar és a lengyel vezetés győzelme , hogy felvizezték az eredeti tervezetet arról , hogy az uniós támogatásokat a jogállami normák betartásához kötik . " , " shortLead " : " A legjelent ősebb lapok cikkeiben egyaránt úgy vélik , hogy magyar és a lengyel vezetés győzelme , hogy felvizezték ... " , " id " :" 20200929 _lapszemle " , " image " : " https://img2.hvg.hu/image.aspx?id=d0cd8869-0ac7-47a1-b15b-c9f2bd8ed9d2&view=ffdb5e3a-e632-4abc-b367-3d9b3bb5573b " , " index " : 0 , " item " : " 19f3d158-13d3-4422-b292-5ed721a5 74b0 " , " keywords " : null , " link " : " /360/20200929_lapszemle " , " timestamp " : " 2020 .
szeptember . 29 . 07:40 " , " title " : " Orbán legyűrte Merkelt - így értékelik a német lapok az új EU - javaslatot " , " trackingCode " : " RELATED " , " c_isbrandchannel " : false , " c_isbrandcontent " : false , " c_isbrandstory " : false , " c_isbrandcontentorbrandstory " : false , " c_isbranded " : false , " c_ishvg360article " : true , " c_partnername " : null , " c_partnerlogo " : " 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 " , " c_partnertag " : null} , {" available " : true , " c_guid " : " b0cdd595-984d-487e-9a22-2e9348f59617 " , " c_author " : " HVG360 " , " category " : " 360 " , " description " : " Végzetesnek bizonyult a májusi szigetvári műhiba , megtalálhatták az első bolygót a Tejútrendszeren kívül .
Ez a hvg360 reggeli hírösszefoglalója . " , " shortLead " : " Végzetesnek bizonyult a májusi szigetvári műhiba , megtalálhatták az első bolygót a Tejútrendszeren kívül .
Ez a hvg360 ... " , " id " :" 20200929 _Radar360 " , " image " : " https://img2.hvg.hu/image.aspx?id=b0cdd595-984d-487e-9a22-2e9348f59617&view=ffdb5e3a-e632-4abc-b367-3d9b3bb5573b " , " index " : 0 , " item " : " 1020cbc9-ae1d-456e-b0a8-0f74102455df " , " keywords " : null , " link " : " /360/20200929 _Radar360 " , " timestamp " : " 2020 .
szeptember . 29 . 08:00 " , " title " : " Radar360 : Nagyobb bajtól tart az orvosi kamara , adótámogatást kaphat a vírusteszt " , " trackingCode " : " RELATED " , " c_isbrandchannel " : false , " c_isbrandcontent " : false , " c_isbrandstory " : false , " c_isbrandcontentorbrandstory " : false , " c_isbranded " : false , " c_ishvg360article " : true , " c_partnername " : null , " c_partnerlogo " : " 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 " , " c_partnertag " : null} , {" available " : true , " c_guid " : " aff6b307-c112-4582-95fc-49f74be2099d " , " c_author " : " hvg.hu " , " category " : " tudomany " , " description " :
" Az elhízott fertőzöttek 113 százalékkal nagyobb eséllyel kerülnek kórházba .
Az okokra a pécsi kutatók világítanak rá. " , " shortLead " : " Az elhízott fertőzöttek 113 százalékkal nagyobb eséllyel kerülnek kórházba .
Az okokra a pécsi kutatók világítanak rá. " , " id " :" 20200929_koronavirus_tulsuly_elhizas " , " image " : " https://img2.hvg.hu/image.aspx?id=aff6b307-c112-4582-95fc-49f74be2099d&view=ffdb5e3a-e632-4abc-b367-3d9b3bb5573b " , " index " : 0 , " item " : " be87ee8e-d77b-48e6-9ba8-761835559664 " , " keywords " : null , " link " : " / tudomany /20200929_koronavirus_tulsuly_elhizas " , " timestamp " : " 2020 .
szeptember .
29 . 12:09 " , " title " : " Pécsi virológusok : Komoly kockázata van a túlsúlynak a koronavírusos betegeknél " , " trackingCode " : " RELATED " , " c_isbrandchannel " : false , " c_isbrandcontent " : false , " c_isbrandstory " : false , " c_isbrandcontentorbrandstory " : false , " c_isbranded " : false , " c_ishvg360article " : false , " c_partnername " : null , " c_partnerlogo " : " 00000000 - 0000-0000-0000-000000000000 " , " c_partnertag " : null} , {" available " : true , " c_guid " : " ecf93275-0b16-48e8-bb4f-5090c5b33113 " , " c_author " : " hvg.hu " , " category " : " itthon " , " description " : " A fellebbviteli főügyészség hosszabb börtönbüntetésért és a vádlott közügyektől való eltiltásáért fellebbezett . " , " shortLead " : " A fellebbviteli főügyészség hosszabb börtönbüntetésért és a vádlott közügyektől való eltiltásáért fellebbezett . " , " id " :" 20200929 _Vizoviczki_sulyosabb_borton_fellebviteli_fougyeszseg " , " image " : " https://img2.hvg.hu/image.aspx?id=ecf93275-0b16-48e8-bb4f-5090c5b33113&view=ffdb5e3a-e632-4abc-b367-3d9b3bb5573b " , " index " : 0 , " item " : " 8eb0f34a-3d4f-4c2c-89e2-273b282b7f22 " , " keywords " :null , " link " : " / itthon/20200929 _Vizoviczki_sulyosabb_borton_fellebviteli_fougyeszseg " , " timestamp " : " 2020 .
szeptember .
29 . 12:53 " , " title " : " Súlyosabb büntetést kért a főügyészség Vizoviczkire " , " trackingCode " : " RELATED " , " c_isbrandchannel " : false , " c_isbrandcontent " : false , " c_isbrandstory " : false , " c_isbrandcontentorbrandstory " : false , " c_isbranded " : false , " c_ishvg360article " : false , " c_partnername " : null , " c_partnerlogo " : " 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 " , " c_partnertag " : null} , {" available " : true , " c_guid " : " 17894859-3b16-425a-8b37-9dde8 cf77432 " , " c_author " : " hvg.hu " , " category " : " itthon " , " description " : " A kormányfő kétezret tett a Fradira . " , " shortLead " : " A kormányfő kétezret tett a Fradira . " , " id " :" 20200929_orban_viktor_szerencsejatek_tippmix_facebook_fradi " , " image " : " https://img2.hvg.hu/image.aspx?id=17894859-3b16-425a-8b37-9dde8cf77432&view=ffdb5e3a-e632-4abc-b367-3d9b3bb5573b " , " index " : 0 , " item " : " 40f7e19a-b21d-4618-93f9-270dcaf3b5 f1 " , " keywords " : null , " link " : " / itthon/20200929_orban_viktor_szerencsejatek_tippmix_facebook_fradi " , " timestamp " : " 2020 .
szeptember .
29 . 20:35 " , " title " : " Orbán Viktor szerencsejátékot reklámozott a Facebookon " , " trackingCode " : " RELATED " , " c_isbrandchannel " : false , " c_isbrandcontent " : false , " c_isbrandstory " : false , " c_isbrandcontentorbrandstory " : false , " c_isbranded " : false , " c_ishvg360article " : false , " c_partnername " : null , " c_partnerlogo " : " 00000000 - 0000-0000-0000-000000000000 " , " c_partnertag " : null} ]
Home | More Videos | About Us | Contact | Subscribe | Donate
What 's behind mandatory
private health insurance Another bait and switch scam Subscribe to Brasscheck TV
Your e-mail address is kept absolutely private
We make it easy to unsubscribe at any time
This video is over 10 years old
Advertisement
Did you think it was strange that we started out with " heath care reform " and we ended up with MANDATORY private health insurance ?
I did and then I remembered research done by this man , Walter Burien .
He uncovered a simple , but vast and well hidden system whereby city , state , county governments and agencies have collectively syphoned many TRILLIONS of tax dollars for off - the - books investment accounts .
One of their favorite investments ?
Insurance companies .
Do you think that might be why the weasels in Washington magically pulled MANDATORY private health insurance out of their hats as a way of addressing the country 's very real health crisis ?
More info about CAFR
The CAFR Network - Cafrman.com : Click here
Walter Burien - Cafr1.com : Click here
It takes a set of brass balls to drive over this thing .
570 meter ( 1870 feet ) long Vitim River bridge .
The bridge is 15 meters above the water and has no railings .
Yesterday , the Denver City Council passed rules intended to regulate the burgeoning medical marijuana industry -- and most members of the overflow crowd were n't happy with what went down .
That includes Rob Corry , an attorney and medical marijuana advocate .
In a previous blog , Corry made it clear he would consider filing a lawsuit against Denver if the ordinance passed without significant change -- which it did .
This morning , he reemphasizes that statement .
" If we can assemble an appropriate coalition of patients , caregivers , property owners and business owners , we will evaluate our legal options , " Corry says , adding , " We 're obviously very disappointed by this unanimous smackdown of patients and our constitutional rights . "
Despite these remarks , Corry has at least a few positive things to say about the process .
" I do want to commend some members of the city council for taking this seriously and actually visiting patients and businesses that they seek to regulate personally , " he allows .
" It 's a marked improvement over other municipalities that are like an ostrich sticking its head in the sand and wanting outright bans .
Denver is n't the worst player in this field .
We appreciate that , and do hope to continue to work with them . "
Moreover , he goes on , " this proposal was n't as bad as the earlier ones .
I think there are some aspects of the community that will be able to survive this onerous regulation , and that 's a good thing . "
Still , he believes , " the overall impact is going to be to harm people and cause human suffering , because patients are n't going to be able to obtain their medicine . "
There 's also the issue of fairness : " Our patients and the community that has grown to serve them are going to have to meet higher standards , no pun intended , than any other business in Denver history . "
In Corry 's view , among the most legally vulnerable aspects of the council plan involves " the 1,000 foot perimeter that 's around schools , day - care centers and other dispensaries .
I do n't think there 's any rational justification for it , and the fact that they 've grandfathered in the early players in the industry , creating a government - sponsored monopoly to businesses that were fortunate and smart enough to get into this early , will only keep out future competition .
In some ways , that 's even more irrational .
The real result is going to be less access and higher costs for patients . "
The regulations are scheduled to kick in March 1 .
Until then , Corry says , " we 'll have a month and a half more of freedom -- so I will advise my clients to distribute as much medical marijuana as they possibly can before then . "
As for a potential lawsuit , " I do n't see us filing one this week .
We 're focused on other things -- and we definitely need plaintiffs with standing who are willing to go to court .
But if we can put together a coalition , we 'll definitely consider it . "
Another option :
The medical marijuana community can move forward under the just - approved rules in the hope of softening them down the line .
But Corry is dubious about that approach .
" Once government erects regulatory barriers , it 's very unlikely that government will back down , " he says .
" Usually it increases and increases and adds more and more barriers to freedom .
I 'm usually an optimistic guy , but when you get smacked down by a unanimous city council , it 's hard to strike a completely optimistic tone .
" People who 've worked in this industry for years and years , engaging in caregiving activities , are going to find this will create difficulties for them .
That 's the reality : greater difficulties and greater cost -- especially that $ 5,000 fee to even walk through the door .
That gets passed on to patients , and a lot of them are n't wealthy people .
They 're disabled , or they 're on fixed income .
And their medicine is just going to get more and more expensive because of the burdens the government has placed on the industry . "
Proving that the medical marijuana business can operate under the latest regs " may result in some increased legitimacy for our community , " Corry admits .
" That may bring about a good result from this . "
But at the same time , " our industry needs to resist the temptation to claim victory when we do n't have a victory .
And I do n't think this is a victory . "
Vancouver Canucks President & General Manager Mike Gillis announced today that defenceman Evan Oberg has been recalled from the Manitoba Moose of the AHL .
Oberg , 21 , has played 33 games with Manitoba this season registering 13 points ( 1 - 12 - 13 ) and 26 penalty minutes .
He leads all Manitoba Moose defencemen in scoring .
The 6 ’0 ” , 177 lbs .
Forestburg , AB , native was signed as a free agent April 7 , 2009 .
Career Regular Season Statistics
Season Team GP G A P +/- PIM PP SH GW S S % 2005 - 2006 Camrose Kodiaks - AJHL 44 4 9 13 56 2006-2007 Camrose Kodiaks - AJHL 52 9 14 23 86 2007-2008 U. of Minnesota - Duluth - WCHA 24 1 2 3 10
In just a couple years Gilt Groupe has grown into a company with $ 200 million in annual revenues .
Which is an interesting story in itself , but watch what happens when stock - fraudster turned journalist Henry Blodget interviews Gilt ’s CEO Susan Lyne .
In short order , he gets totally derailed by their AWESOME WAREHOUSE ROBOTS :
Allow us to answer some of the questions that Lyne can ’t , in the interview .
As we reported in 2007 , the Kiva system relies on a combo of high - powered servers , and autonomous robots which browse the aisles and fetch merchandise .
A central server processes orders ; it also tracks the individual robots .
When an order comes it , it finds the relevant item , and assigns a robot to fetch the shelf it ’s on .
And off the robot goes , finding its way by scanning barcodes spaced throughout the warehouse .
It then delivers the shelf to a human picker , who packs the order .
The system basically cuts out all the inefficiency involved in having human fork - lift operators spending all day driving up and down the aisles of a warehouse .
Companies ranging from Staples to Zappos now rely on the system , which apparently costs upwards of $ 5 million for a large installation .
What ’s uncanny is that the robots take care of them selves .
When low on power , they head to a docking station –which warehouse works liken to “ getting a drink . ”
They also have proximity sensors , so that they do n’t bump into each other .
Meaning that accidents like this one are a distant memory :
Categories
Please Select Aprons Beauty Belly Button Ring Bracelets Edibles Electronics and Gadgets Fanny Pack Health & Body Hemp products Kids Perfume Kids Sunglasses Leather Jackets & Coats Necklaces Oil Pictures Oils Pets Sunglasses T- Shirts The 4th Of July Catalog The Perfect Father 's Day Gifts Handbags Wallets Accessories for Men Travel Accessories Belts
1 Choose a brightly colored yarn , in a medium to slender weight .
This project is perfect for using up a bit of leftover acrylic in a bright color .
Also choose a suitable hook .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/e\/ec\/Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-4.jpg\/v4-460px-Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-4.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/e\/ec\/Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-4.jpg\/aid705757-v4-728px-Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-4.jpg " , " smallWidth" :460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br>
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
4
Single crochet around this loop for several rows , until you have a tube that 's about as tall as the loop is big around .
That is , if the loop was about 1 inch ( 2.5 cm ) around , you should make it about 1 inch ( 2.5 cm ) tall .
You 're aiming for a rough proportion here , not any specific number of rows .
It 's all right to join rows , so that this part is a spiral .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/e\/ea\/Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-5.jpg\/v4-460px-Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-5.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/e\/ea\/Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-5.jpg\/aid705757-v4-728px-Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-5.jpg " , " smallWidth" :460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br>
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
5 Single crochet three or four rows across just one half of the tube .
However , do not crochet a turning chain .
Each consecutive row will therefore decrease .
If you know how to do a single crochet decrease , you can decrease even more .
Tie off the colorful yarn , but leave the tails for now .
Here again , the exact proportions are not critical .
6 Look ahead a few steps to see how these decreasing rows will be gathered together form the face of the yip - yip .
Pinch the face together as you go to see how it will look .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/3\/3d\/Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-7.jpg\/v4-460px-Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-7.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/3\/3d\/Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-7.jpg\/aid705757-v4-728px-Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-7.jpg " , " smallWidth" :460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br>
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
7
Make some yarn eyeballs to go with your yip - yip .
They 'll take a little bit of extra time , but they have a bit more style and a better shape than anything you 'll buy in the store .
Leave the tails attached on the side of the eyeball and neatly tie off and trim the tails extending from the back .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/1\/16\/Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-8.jpg\/v4-460px-Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-8.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/1\/16\/Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-8.jpg\/aid705757-v4-728px-Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-8.jpg " , " smallWidth" :460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br>
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
8 Locate the eyes and thread them into the face .
Use a large tapestry needle .
You will want the face open at this stage so that you can reach inside to stitch the eyes to the inside of the fabric and The eyes go very close to the top of the face .
They are basically symmetrical , but this is a goofy looking alien , so it 's all right if they 're a little lopsided .
Tie the loose ends tightly .
You can even tie them to one another .
Then trim them close so they do n't show through the mouth .
Use a large tapestry needle .
You will want the face open at this stage so that you can reach inside to stitch the eyes to the inside of the fabric and tie a knot , but you can pinch it closed with your fingers to see where the eyes should go .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/b\/b8\/Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-9.jpg\/v4-460px-Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-9.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/b\/b8\/Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-9.jpg\/aid705757-v4-728px-Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-9.jpg " , " smallWidth" :460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br>
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
9
Stitch the face together using the yarn tail , down the front .
Make sure all the tails inside are covered up , and tie in and trim any remaining loose ends of the tail .
10 Cut a number of lengths of the colorful yarn .
You may wish to cut one or two pieces first to get the length right .
Four feet ( 1.2 m ) is a good length to start with .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/c\/c9\/Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-11.jpg\/v4-460px-Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-11.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/c\/c9\/Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-11.jpg\/aid705757-v4-728px-Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-11.jpg " , " smallWidth" :460 ," smallHeight" :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br >
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
11 Add a fringe .
On the end opposite the face , which is to say the bottom end , put a hook through any loop from the starting chain .
Fold one of the cut lengths of yarn in half and grab the middle with your hook .
Pull it through .
On the end opposite the face , which is to say the bottom end , put a hook through any loop from the starting chain .
Fold one of the cut lengths of yarn in half and grab the middle with your hook .
Pull it through .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/f\/f9\/Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-12.jpg\/v4-460px-Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-12.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/f\/f9\/Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-12.jpg\/aid705757-v4-728px-Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-12.jpg " , " smallWidth" :460 ," smallHeight" :345 ," bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br >
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
12
With your hook in the loop you just pulled through , grab both of the loose tails and pull them through the loop .
This creates a Larks Head knot , as shown in the first four photos under Steps in This creates a Larks Head knot , as shown in the first four photos under Steps in this article .
You should now have two long tails with loose ends .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/2\/29\/Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-14.jpg\/v4-460px-Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-14.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/ thumb\/2\/29\/Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-14.jpg\/aid705757-v4-728px-Crochet-a-Yip-Yip-Alien-Step-14.jpg " , " smallWidth" :460 ," smallHeight" :345 ," bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br >
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
14 Chain the tail for 20 - 25 chain stitches .
Make them fairly tight stitches ; you want them to curl and you wo n't be crocheting into them .
You may even want to use a hook that is a size or two smaller than the one you used for the rest of the body .
" And that is what you told people to try to convince them to vote yes on Proposition 8 , correct ? " asked David Boies , a lawyer for the challengers .
He also was asked about a statement that the gay agenda included legalizing sex with children .
" It is very important that our children wo n't grow up to fantasize or think about , ' Should I marry Jane or John ? ' " testified Tam , a chemical engineer and evangelical Christian .
William Tam , one of five official proponents for the 2008 ballot initiative , also testified about his personal views toward same - sex marriage .
An official proponent of Proposition 8 testified today that he was involved in disseminating claims that same - sex marriage could cause children to become gay and spark legalization of sex with children , incest and polygamy .
Tam said he participated in weekly campaign conference calls for grass - roots organizers run by the official campaign and sought advice from the campaign .
He said he also played a major role in the petition campaign to get the measure qualified for the ballot .
Tam testified that he was secretary of an anti-gay marriage website that carried statements saying homosexuals were 12 times more likely than heterosexuals to molest children .
Tam said he agreed with the statement " based on different literature I have read .
" He was unable to recall where he read it .
He also testified that a flier for Proposition 8 predicted dire results if gays were given civil rights .
" If sexual orientation is characterized as a civil right , so would pedophilia , polygamy and incest , " the flier read .
" That is what you were telling people to convince them to vote for Proposition 8 , correct ? "
Boies asked .
" Yes , " Tam replied .
Boies noted that another statement said the gay agenda includes legalizing sex with children .
" And that is what you told people to try to convince them to vote yes on Proposition 8 , correct ? " Boies asked .
" Yes , " Tam replied .
A lawyer defending Proposition 8 tried to distance Tam from the campaign .
Under cross-examination , Tam testified that he did not submit his materials and statements to the official Proposition 8 campaign for approval , nor were some of the fliers mentioned approved by the campaign manager .
-- Maura Dolan at the San Francisco federal courthouse
Indian musician AR Rahman hopes his free Sydney concert on Saturday will build bridges between Australia and India .
The Oscar - winning Slumdog Millionaire composer says he never considered cancelling his trip Down Under in the wake of recent violence against Indian students in Melbourne .
" No .
I felt the urge even more to do that [ perform ] because of all the stuff [ that has been happening ] .
I thought it was very important to do that , " he told the ABC .
" I want to have a great concert for people to enjoy , and also to spread the message of togetherness and peace ; build a bridge for people who are trying to break it . "
Rahman also rejected widely reported accusations in India that the killing of one student and attacks on others were racist , instead blaming the attacks on drugs .
" I think the media should be responsible and not attribute them to racist killings , " he said .
He advised young Indians to avoid walking at night in areas frequented by drug addicts and alcoholics .
" Because that 's the main reason for the killing .
It does n't matter what race they are , they just want to kill because they 're not in their own senses . "
The Australian and NSW governments have seized on Rahman 's visit as a way of mending relations between the two countries .
Welcoming Rahman at today 's news conference , Acting NSW Premier Carmel Tebbutt said Saturday 's concert at Parramatta Park is an opportunity for Sydneysiders to get a taste of Bollywood while acknowledging " the amazing contribution Indians have made to our city and country " .
" We 're very much committed to community harmony .
We 're very much committed to continuing strengthening our relationship with India , " she said .
" We recognise that music and creative activities is a way to strengthen our cultural bonds . "
The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade have paid for a group of Indian journalists to visit Australia to coincide with the concert .
Requests to interview the journalists have been denied by department officials , who said they will talk at the end of the visit .
Individual Indian journalists also declined to be interviewed because they said they would need the permission of their news organisations .
More than 100,000 people are expected to attend Saturday 's concert , where Rahman and a troupe of 40 musicians and dancers will perform music he has written over the past 18 years , including his international hit Jai Ho !
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
An Indian man is in a serious condition in a Melbourne hospital after being attacked and set alight by a gang .
It comes a week after an Indian graduate student was stabbed to death in the city , prompting a travel advisory from the Indian government .
Melbourne police said the latest attack appeared to be random and there was no evidence it was racially motivated .
But the attacks have prompted an angry reaction in India , where Australia has been accused of ignoring racism .
The 29 - year - old man attacked on Saturday was returning home from a dinner party with his wife when he was set upon .
The gang - said by police to comprise four men - poured fluid over him and then set him alight .
The victim is now in a Melbourne hospital , where his condition has been described as serious , with burns to 15 % of his body .
Police are trying to trace his burnt clothes , which he shed as he fled the scene .
Det Sgt Neil Smyth said the attack had been " an unusual event " but that it appeared to have been carried out at random .
" There is no reason at this stage to consider this in any way racially motivated , " he told reporters .
" The circumstances of parking a car randomly on a side street and just some people approaching him are a bit strange and it's highly unlikely , therefore , to be a targeted attack on any individual . "
Peter Batchelor , a minister for Victoria , said that whether the crime was motivated by racism or theft , it was damaging to Melbourne society .
" It diminishes our community , it diminishes us all and we 're totally opposed to it , " ABC news quoted him as saying .
' Dodging issue ' Australia 's Deputy Prime Minister , Julia Gillard , said the government " condemns all acts of violence in the strongest possible way " and that the matter was being investigated .
Indians and Australians discuss row But the BBC's Nick Bryant in Sydney says the latest attack is bound to increase the sense of outrage in India , following the murder last weekend of Indian graduate student Nitin Garg .
That came after a spate of attacks against Indian students last year , which deterred many from studying in Australia .
The Indian government earlier this week issued an advisory warning about the dangers of travelling to Melbourne , Australia 's second largest city .
Gautam Gupta , from the Federation of Indian Students of Australia , told ABC News he was " extremely disturbed " by the attacks and had asked Prime Minister Kevin Rudd 's office to intervene .
" How many times are they going to just dodge this issue ? " he said .
The Australian government has criticised an Indian newspaper for printing a cartoon which depicted Australia 's police force as racist .
The cartoon shows a person wearing the white robes of the Ku Klux Klan and an Australian police badge , saying : " We are yet to ascertain the nature of the crime . "
Ms Gillard said the cartoon implied police were not trying hard enough to solve the crimes .
" Any suggestion of that kind is deeply , deeply offensive to the police officers involved and I would absolutely condemn the making of a comment like that , " she told reporters on Friday .
The Indian community in Melbourne has said it believes racist attacks are on the rise in the city .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Astronomers have spotted the most Earth - like planet to date , a massive ocean world that probably has an atmosphere and — though it 's highly unlikely — may support life .
And it needs a better name .
For now , GJ 1214b is tagged according to standard exoplanetary nomenclature : the technical name of the star it orbits , plus a letter to signify the order of its discovery .
( The letter " a " is reserved for the star itself . )
It 's a name only a committee could love , and hardly appropriate to the discovery 's emotional resonance .
" We 've been finding exciting planets for 50 years , and we 're still calling them by these terrible catalog names , " said David Charbonneau , a Harvard University astronomer who helped discover GJ 1214b , but does n't even have a nickname for it .
" I have three young daughters , and I think they might be inspired by a better name . "
To help David out , we 're asking you to submit your own names for this watery super - Earth .
Jump in !
The following widget got pwned by some hackers .
We 're trying to get it fixed and apologize to everyone who submitted real names .
We 've temporarily submitting new names and are trying to delete the thousands of entries for " Siberia . "
Image : Nature .
See Also :
* Brandon Keim 's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points . *
THIS IS ONE SICK MOTHER FKR .
I HOPE THIS PIECE OF HUMAN SHT GOES TO JAIL AND GETS RAPED BY DOZENS OF SEX STARVED INMATES WITH FOOT LONGS UP HIS ASS AND GIVES HIM AIDS AND BEATS HIS WORTHLESS BRAINS IN !!IF I WERE HIS GIRLFRIEND I WOULD CUT HIS BALLS AND PENIS RIGHT OFF FOR KICKING MY DOG !
Just a few of my personal commentary , that 's all .
Authorities say NYPD Housing Bureau officers were recently monitoring cameras at the Grant Houses in Morningside Heights when they saw a man kicking a dog in the elevator .
Police have identified the suspect as Charles Grant .
They say the 12 - pound Pomeranian - Chihauhua mix belongs to his girlfriend .
After circulating stills from the video around the building , police found and arrested Grant for animal torture .
" That someone would do that to an animal could do something similar to a human being .
We know that this individual has been arrested for assault , for criminal possession of a weapon .
So , it is of concern to society when people can brutalize a defenseless animal like that , " said Police Commissioner Ray Kelly .
And this would be where the title of the comic comes from , made long before I had a website
That most alarming New Year ’s morning question 
“ Uh - oh , what did I do last night ? ”  can seem benign compared with those that may come later , like “ Uh , what exactly did I do with the last year ? ”
Or , “ Hold on  did a decade just go by ? ”
It did .
Somewhere between trigonometry and colonoscopy , someone must have hit the fast - forward button .
Time may march , or ebb , or sift , or creep , but in early January it feels as if it has bolted like an angry dinner guest , leaving conversations unfinished , relationships still stuck , bad habits unbroken , goals unachieved .
“ I think for many people , we think about our goals , and if nothing much has happened with those then suddenly it seems like it was just yesterday that we set them , ” said Gal Zauberman , an associate professor of marketing at the Wharton School of Business .
Yet the sensation of passing time can be very different , Dr. Zauberman said , “ depending on what you think about , and how . ”
I saw Ben Stein on AC360 last night talking about Afghanistan , and how America should do the things we did to win World War II .
No one on the panel challenged him to support a war tax .
Anderson Cooper wonders why he is last in the ratings .
The human race can breathe a tiny bit easier ( but not too much ) now that the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists has moved the hand of its Doomsday Clock one minute farther away from midnight , the time which symbolizes catastrophic destruction and the apocalyptic end of civilization .
The clock now reads six minutes from that end - of - days witching hour after it was changed during a press conference Thursday in New York City , citing an increased awareness and interest in stopping key threats to humanity ( in particular nuclear conflict and global warming ) since U.S. President Barack Obama took office about a year ago .
But the Bulletin , a group established shortly after World War II by the likes of Albert Einstein and J. Robert Oppenheimer , tempered its actions with the major caveat that humankind could slip closer to oblivion again if the world 's governments do not follow through on promises made to curb the creation of more nuclear weapons and greenhouse gases .
Although the Bulletin was originally formed out of concern for global nuclear annihilation , the group has since broadened its purview to include the world 's vulnerability to climate change .
The Bulletin's members at Thursday 's press conference noted that leaders of nations equipped with nuclear weapons have expressed the desire to cooperate in reducing their arsenals and securing nuclear bomb - making material .
This includes a shared sentiment between Obama and Russia 's President Dmitry Medvedev that nuclear arms negotiations that could bring down deployed strategic warheads from more than 2,000 to about 1,500 each .
One growing challenge to the Bulletin 's original mission is that newer generations of policymakers were born into a post–Cold War world with a diminished awareness of the damage that nukes can inflict .
One way to ensure that the lesson of Hiroshima and Nagasaki is not forgotten is for the world 's nuclear powers ( the U.S. and U.K. , Russia , France and China ) and countries that have tested and / or deployed nuclear weapons ( in particular , India , Israel , North Korea and Pakistan ) to ratify agreements such as the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty , which the U.S. Senate also has yet to do .
For the first time since nuclear bombs were dropped on Japan 65 years ago , many world leaders are looking for ways to reduce nuclear weapon stockpiles , and they are pledging to curb climate - changing gases that could make our planet uninhabitable , said Lawrence Krauss , co-chair of the Bulletin 's Board of Sponsors and director of the new Origins Initiative at Arizona State University in Phoenix .
Krauss and his Bulletin colleagues credit Obama 's election as a major part of new arms reduction talks with Russia , the now - stalled negotiations with Iran to close its nuclear enrichment program , and the potential of a U.S. - led effort to secure all loose fissile material in four years .
Another factor in the Bulletin 's measured optimism is the indication that security threats are more likely to be asymmetrical , coming from decentralized terrorist groups or nations suffering from economic collapse and resource scarcity exacerbated by climate change .
In such situations there is no single target ( like Washington or Moscow ) for nukes , rendering them less effective either as offensive weapons or deterents .
Pervez Hoodbhoy , a Bulletin member and head of Quaid - i- Azam University 's physics department in Pakistan , called for a moratorium on the development of materials that go into nuclear weapons and on testing nuclear weapons .
He noted that India and his native Pakistan are making fissible material as quickly as they possibly can .
Although the Bulletin was created by scientists , engineers and other experts who had developed the atomic bomb as part of the Manhattan Project during World War II , the group in recent years has turned a good part of its attention to the threats posed by climate change .
In fact , nukes and climate change are closely linked given that some see nuclear energy as one way to reduce emissions from burning fossil fuels .
The Bulletin acknowledges that the increased use of carbon - free nuclear energy could help mitigate global warming brought on by fossil fuels and greenhouse gas emissions but concludes that the possibility of misusing enriched uranium and separated plutonium to create bombs is a " terrible trade - off " for trying to control climate change .
Stephen Schneider , Stanford University environmental biology and global change professor and member of the Bulletin 's Science and Security Board , called climate change a " threat multiplier " at Thursday 's press conference .
Although climate change did not create the poor conditions for people in Sudan 's Darfur , it has made them worse .
He pointed out that , regardless of the documents that surfaced as part of the highly politicized " climategate " controversy in December , the evidence for global warming remains .
As contemporary signs of global warming , Schneider and his colleagues point to rapidly melting polar icecaps , ocean acidification , loss of coral reefs , longer - lasting droughts , more devastating wildfires , and rising sea level .
Last month 's Copenhagen conference was the first time in the 17 - year history of U.N. climate conferences that developing and industrialized countries all agreed to take responsibility for emissions , according to a statement issued by the Bulletin .
The negotiations in Copenhagen have raised expectations that governments will begin to reduce carbon emissions through regulatory schemes , public and private investments in alternative energy sources , and promotion of energy efficiency .
" We can be optimistic that there 's an opportunity , " Schneider said .
" But it will not happen automatically . "
Highs and Lows
The last time the minute hand of the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists 's Doomsday Clock moved was in January 2007 , when it was pushed forward two minutes ( from seven to five minutes before midnight ) , thanks in part to North Korea 's nuclear testing and concerns over Iran 's nuclear intentions .
Other major movements have included :
3 minutes to midnight :
In 1949 President Harry Truman tells the U.S. public that the Soviet Union has tested its first nuclear device , officially starting the arms race .
In 1949 President Harry Truman tells the U.S. public that the Soviet Union has tested its first nuclear device , officially starting the arms race .
2 minutes to midnight :
In 1953 the U.S. decides to pursue the hydrogen bomb , a weapon even more powerful than the atom bombs used against Japan ; soon after , the Soviet Union tests an H - bomb of its own .
In 1953 the U.S. decides to pursue the hydrogen bomb , a weapon even more powerful than the atom bombs used against Japan ; soon after , the Soviet Union tests an H - bomb of its own .
12 minutes to midnight :
In 1972 the U.S. and Soviet Union sign the Strategic Arms Limitation Treaty ( SALT I ) and the Anti-Ballistic Missile ( ABM ) Treaty .
In 1972 the U.S. and Soviet Union sign the Strategic Arms Limitation Treaty ( SALT I ) and the Anti-Ballistic Missile ( ABM ) Treaty .
3 minutes to midnight :
In 1984 the U.S. and Soviet Union virtually cut off communications , and the U.S. considers building an expansive , space - based anti-ballistic missile system .
In 1984 the U.S. and Soviet Union virtually cut off communications , and the U.S. considers building an expansive , space - based anti-ballistic missile system .
17 minutes to midnight :
In 1991 , with the Cold War officially over , the U.S. and Russia begin cutting their nuclear arsenals .
( The minute hand was moved back to 14 minutes in 1995 over concerns that terrorists could obtain weapons from poorly secured nuclear facilities in Russia . )
Dec. 25 , 2009
Alan Watt Blurb
( i.e. Educational Talk )
" Merry Christmas , 2009 "
Dialogue Copyrighted Alan Watt - Dec. 25 , 2009 ( Exempting Literary Quotes )
&
Alan Watt Composition : " Contemplación , "
Written , Published , Copyrighted Dec. 25 , 2009 Alan Watt .
cuttingthroughthematrix.com
alternate sites :
cuttingthroughthematrix.net , .us , .ca
alanwattcuttingthroughthematrix.ca alternate sites :
mirror site :
cuttingthrough.jenkness.com
mirror site :
alanwattsentientsentinel.eu
European site includes all audios & downloadable TRANSCRIPTS in European languages for print up :
Information for purchasing Alan ’s books , CDs , DVDs and DONATIONS : Canada and America : PayPal , Cash , personal checks &
for the US , INTERNATIONAL postal money orders / for Canada , INTERNAL postal money orders
( America : Postal Money orders - Stress the INTERNATIONAL pink one , not the green internal one . )
Outside the Americas : PayPal , Cash , Western Union and Money Gram
( Money Gram is cheaper ; even cheaper is a Money Gram check – in Canadian dollars :
mail via the postal services worldwide . )
PayPal Orders : USE THE DONATE BUTTON ON THE WEBSITE – AND –
Send a separate email along with the donation ( list your order , name and address )
Click the link below for your location ( ordering info ) :
USA Canada Europe / Scandinavian All Other Countries
Hi folks .
I am Alan Watt and this is Cutting Through The Matrix on December 25th 2009 .
I hope you ’ve all had - as they ’ve said for centuries in the past - a Merry Christmas .
It ’s taboo to say so apparently today because it ’s politically incorrect .
Well , political correctness is for those who ’ve already succumbed to the war on their minds and yet they can snap out of it if they wish to and just say , Merry Christmas .
It ’s that easy .
When you think back on it , we ’ve gone through so much of a war on us .
In fact it ’s been on for our whole lives long ; your parents went through it and your grandparents went through it .
Most never even knew it was happening .
They were given external wars , somewhere over there , and they never knew the war was really being waged back at home , covertly , through stealth and through techniques using science , propaganda and mass media communication .
Eventually it filtered in to the school system and I ’ve gone on before in other programs that I ’ve given over the years about how the media takes over and of course entertainment , it ’s very important .
Those who control entertainment actually control the direction of thinking of whole generations .
That makes it more palatable when your teachers in school or professors in university bring up the same topics that first were introduced in fiction to you .
You listen to them thinking we ’re all hip , as they used to say , we ’re now cool apparently and even though we ’re in global warming , we ’re all cool .
We accept every new attitude and every direction that ’s given to us to play out in our lives .
It ’s up to you if you want to go along with it or not .
It does n’t matter if the crowd goes one way , you know they are wrong .
The crowd is always wrong … because the bulk of the populace goes along with political correctness .
They would n’t care if it ’s a King or a tyrant or a Caesar or whatever running them , as long as they all went along together and suffered equally .
That ’s what equality is in socialism .
You all suffer equally , down below that is .
Down below the ivory castle … there is always an ivory castle where the big boys look down their long noses at you and play with you , as you play with dolls in a doll house ; how they stand , how to walk , how to speak even , what your topics should be , how you should deport yourself in any given situation , and they give you the given situations .
Since they are all perverted at the top , they give us a perverted society and we emulate them .
We emulate them .
It ’s that simple , very , very simple .
That ’s why the battle has been for individualism all down through the centuries .
We keep forgetting that individuals changed the world in previous times .
That ’s what Christianity and Christmas was supposed to be all about .
Not the mass .
The mass will always adopt the ‘ in ’ religion of the time , be it New Age , Hinduism , whatever is given to them and promoted by the top guys .
The individual has always been what the war is about .
If you can destroy individuality and people with the ability to reason and have perceptions of their own and voice them , then you change the whole world .
The whole world will be changed once again .
It does n’t matter if an individual stands up and says something so true , like ‘ the king has no clothes ’ and then the rest of the crowd parrots that same thing .
The crowd will parrot whatever they are given to parrot .
The problems we have today is because the scientific elite have given us a society where the masses are supposed to simply parrot and adapt into a preplanned doll ’s house of the future .
That ’s not living .
That ’s zombieland … zombieland .
What the human individual is capable of attaining is so far out , way out into the universe , that it ’s the biggest threat they ’ve ever had , in the positions of tyrant .
That ’s why you ’ve got to be group consensus , group opinion , group - speak , group - speak with new - speak , and linguistic minimalism to boot , through your music .
Sex … is all that is promoted through music today .
That ’s all .
Base .
You must separate the sexual act from loving someone .
The big writers of the 1800s who were promoted through communism wrote screeds about that very thing ; how to disassociate the loving part , the bonding part from the sexual act .
They ’ve been very successful in their war .
As I say , when you get a bunch of teenagers for the first generation and say go to it , there ’s no fallout from this , here is a pill , here is contraception , we have abortion clinics , do what you want , you have no responsibility at all in whatever happens to you .
We will take care of it for you .
Then you stop the bonding process .
Julian Huxley said the same thing .
He said , if we can create a generation that has plenty , plenty of sex with no consequences then we ’ve broken the bonding process which is their main enemy .
The family unit is the main enemy of those who are in control today .
Those who are in control are not just far lefties , with their little duffle bags and their sneakers .
No .
That ’s just the parts of the army that you see there .
You have those who control the entire monetary system of the planet with their own particular , very secret religion , very ancient religion too , who truly believe they are here to dominate the world and it ’s their right to do so .
Interesting that Rockefeller , when he was giving a talk to some reporters who attended the CFR meeting , he said we could never have this without your compliance and secrecy … to the media .
Meaning , the kept their mouths shut about what was happening .
He said , it ’s far preferable to have a world ruled by bankers and intellectuals rather than to let the nations run their natural course .
That ’s something most folk can’t wrap their hands around .
They think that communism is some workers ’ movement .
That was the biggest red herring ever put out there .
It ’s been so swallowed so well by everyone on the planet , except those who put it out , of course .
Domination is the name of the game and individuality is their main enemy .
The United Nations has said so too ; the INDIVIDUAL is their main problem .
Why do you think they are talking about brain - chipping people ?
Yes , they will sell it to lots of people on how it ’s going to help you .
You wo n’t have to go to school eventually , you just get downloaded .
They ’ll give you pleasure centers in the brain for hyper sex and all this stuff .
You ’ll be a programmed zombie .
People will rush into that … and you must let them rush into it because they are goners .
They have decided to be goners .
Having the GIFT of life is too heavy a burden for them to bear .
And that ’s their tough luck .
But for YOU , you must think for yourself , reason for yourself and become individualistic .
As I say , this time of year is about Christianity .
The whole idea was about an individual that changed the world … of course soon to be corrupted because whenever truth comes into the world , those that follow afterward always corrupt for power over others .
They too have their day , till the next perversion is done on the next one who stands up .
It does n’t mean you must forget or adapt to the new system .
All is not hopeless .
That ’s the point of some of the greatest religions on the planet ; that ALL is not hopeless or lost .
The government does not rush to your aid when you are having a spiritual crisis or a personal crisis .
You have to go to other areas to find answers to that .
Yes , the government will supply you with their version ; here ’s psychiatry and its pills , psychology and its pills , and its mantras and all the rest of it .
That is not the way that you attain intelligence or experience or belief .
It ’s like postponing everything .
You know , psychiatry for instance , is about replacing religion ; that ’s why they brought it out .
That ’s why Freud was sent out on the mission to , again , augment Darwinism and say , well , you ’re nothing but an animal .
The whole point was to be happy , regardless of what ’s happening .
Be happy , take these pills and once you ’re having sex out there again , and you ’re purchasing things and you ’re working , then they will classify you as healthy .
That ’s what they call healthy in psychiatry .
That ’s their whole point .
And yet , their point is to get you back into the system that broke you down in the first place by artificial means and back in to the artificial system .
They are drugging so many people today , so may people .
Drugging people does n’t mature you .
You can not mature .
You must go through painful processes to mature , to become a FULL , complete human being .
You must suffer because through suffering you not only learn things , you also realize your connectedness to other people around you .
That ’s why you do n’t judge the same way .
You ’ve been there or you could be there in the future .
It does n’t mean you turn your back and do n’t judge evil .
You must speak out against evil wherever you see it .
That ’s a preservation instinct .
Do n’t ever forget that .
Here we are , as I say , on Christmas 2009 .
We know the agenda .
We know what the steps will be coming from the big boys at the top that run the world through mainly their finances , to be honest with you .
Control the finances of the world and you control the world .
Everyone is trained to use their finances .
In fact , there ’s no other option .
It does n’t mean they will win eventually and it ’s up to you to decide if you win personally … because that ’s what it ’s about .
It ’s not the collective ; it ’s about the personal .
I dragged out the guitar from its coffin - as usual - today , wrote this song down quickly , played it through for the first time , no corrections or alterations ; so excuse me if it ’s not to your taste and the fingers are a bit stiff , but it ’s the best I can do at the moment .
That ’s what you ALL are about really , is the best you can do at the moment .
Give it your best .
Enjoy this piece .
If we ’re all alive next year , I ’ll give you another one then too .
Merry Christmas , all the best , from Alan and Hamish in Ontario , Canada .
Composition : " Contemplación , " Written , Published , Copyrighted Dec. 25 , 2009 Alan Watt .
LISTEN / DOWNLOAD Composition : Contemplación
Transcribed by Diana
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rasmussen Reports and its polls are surfacing in the media with increasing frequency .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO Democrats rip Rasmussen
Democrats are turning their fire on Scott Rasmussen , the prolific independent pollster whose surveys on elections , President Obama ’s popularity and a host of other issues are surfacing in the media with increasing frequency .
The pointed attacks reflect a hardening conventional wisdom among prominent liberal bloggers and many Democrats that Rasmussen Reports polls are , at best , the result of a flawed polling model and , at worst , designed to undermine Democratic politicians and the party ’s national agenda .
Advertisement
On progressive - oriented websites , anti-Rasmussen sentiment is an article of faith .
“ Rasmussen Caught With Their Thumb on the Scale , ” blared the Daily Kos this summer .
“ Rasmussen Reports , You Decide , ” the blog Swing State Project recently headlined in a play on the Fox News motto .
“ I do n’t think there are Republican polling firms that get as good a result as Rasmussen does , ” said Eric Boehlert , a senior fellow with Media Matters , a progressive research center .
“ His data looks like it all comes out of the RNC [ Republican National Committee ] . ”
“ Whether intended or not , Rasmussen polls have been used by conservative voices as talking points , and when that happens on one side it inevitably produces a reaction from the other , ” explained Mark Blumenthal , a polling analyst and the editor and publisher of Pollster.com .
“ Rasmussen produces a lot of data that appear to produce narratives conservatives are promoting , and that causes a reaction . ”
While Scott Rasmussen , the firm ’s president , contends that he has no ax to grind — his bio notes that he has been “ an independent pollster for more than a decade ” and “ has never been a campaign pollster or consultant for candidates seeking office ” — his opponents on the left insist he is the hand that feeds conservative talkers a daily trove of negative numbers that provides grist for attacks on Obama and the Democratic Party .
Nothing , however , sets off liberal teeth gnashing more than Rasmussen ’s daily presidential tracking polls , which throughout the year have consistently placed Obama ’s approval numbers around 5 percentage points lower than other polling outfits .
“ He polls less favorably for Democrats , and that ’s why he ’s become a lightning rod , ” said Charles Franklin , a University of Wisconsin political scientist who studies polling .
“ It ’s clear that his results are typically more Republican than the other person ’s results . ”
On Saturday , Dec. 26 , for example , Rasmussen ’s daily tracking had Obama ’s approval at 44 percent , with a disapproval figure of 56 percent .
A Real Clear Politics compilation of other pollsters , meanwhile , showed Obama with an average approval figure of 49.5 percent and disapproval of 45.1 percent .
“ He ’s been underpolling Obama all year , ” said Boehlert .
“ People start thinking , ‘ There ’s something going on here . ’ ”
It ’s not just the data that Rasmussen ’s critics object to — they also have a problem with the way the firm frames questions in its automated polls , which are the staple of its work .
In August , for example , Rasmussen asked respondents whether they agreed or disagreed with the statement “ It ’s always better to cut taxes than to increase government spending because taxpayers , not bureaucrats , are the best judges of how to spend their money . ”
“ Why stop there , Rasmussen ?
Why not add a parenthetical phrase about how tax cuts regrow hair , whiten teeth , and ensure that your favorite team will win the Super Bowl this year ? ” responded Daily Kos blogger Steve Singiser , who frequently writes about polls .
Democratic pollster Mark Mellman believes Rasmussen designs its polling questions to elicit negative responses about Obama and Democrats — a sentiment that is widely shared in the liberal blogosphere .
“ I think they write their questions in a way that supports a conservative interpretation of the world , ” said Mellman .
“ In general , they tend to be among the worst polls for Democrats , and they phrase questions in ways that elicit less support for the Democratic point of view . ”
Democratic politicians seem equally leery of Rasmussen polling :
At a news conference just prior to the 2008 election , when asked about a poll showing GOP Sen .
John Sununu moving ahead of eventual Democratic winner Jeanne Shaheen , then - Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee Chairman Chuck Schumer had a ready answer .
“ Yeah , that was a Rasmussen poll , ” said a dismissive Schumer .
In an interview , Rasmussen adamantly denied that he is framing his polling to appeal to a conservative audience , saying : “ We certainly do n’t see it that way . ”
“ It ’s the adage that if you do n’t like the message , shoot the messenger , ” he added .
Rasmussen is quick to point out the accuracy of his surveys — noting how close his firm was to predicting the final outcome in this fall ’s New Jersey governor ’s race .
( Rasmussen ’s final survey in the race showed Republican Chris Christie edging out Gov. Jon Corzine 46 percent to 43 percent .
Christie beat Corzine 48 percent to 45 percent on Election Day . )
And he argues that he was among the first pollsters to show Obama narrowing the gap with Hillary Clinton in the 2008 Democratic presidential primary .
Last year , the progressive website FiveThirty Eight.com ’s pollster ratings , based on the 2008 presidential primaries , awarded Rasmussen the third - highest mark for its accuracy in predicting the outcome of the contests .
And Rasmussen ’s final poll of the 2008 general election — showing Obama defeating Arizona Sen .
John McCain 52 percent to 46 percent — closely mirrored the election ’s outcome .
Rasmussen , for his part , explained that his numbers are trending Republican simply because he is screening for only those voters most likely to head to the polls — a pool of respondents , he argues , that just so happens to bend more conservative this election cycle .
Polling all adults — a method used by Gallup , another polling firm that conducts a daily tracking poll of Obama — Rasmussen acknowledged , is “ always going to yield a better result for Democrats . ”
But critics note that the practice of screening for only those voters regarded as most likely to head to the polls potentially weeds out younger and minority voters — who would be more likely to favor Democrats than Republicans .
Alan Abramowitz , an Emory University political scientist , said there was “ huge concern right now ” that Rasmussen was polling a universe of largely conservative - minded voters .
“ How is Rasmussen selecting likely voters almost a year before the election ?
And why would you even screen for likely voters in measuring presidential approval ? ” said Abramowitz .
“ My guess is that it 's heavily skewed toward older , white , Republican voters . ”
Others assert Rasmussen is simply reflecting a more GOP - friendly political environment in his polling .
“ The way he does polls is that he ’s more likely to get high - energy voters , ” said Tom Jensen , a pollster for the North Carolina - based Democratic firm Public Policy Polling .
“ I think Rasmussen favors Republicans this year , but I do n’t think he inherently favors Republicans . ”
“ If I ’m looking at public polls that are ABC News , CBS , Quinnipiac , Rasmussen , I ’m paying attention to Rasmussen , ” said GOP pollster Tony Fabrizio .
“ As a pollster , I ’d much rather look at a pollster who is looking at likely voters than a pollster who is looking at adults . ”
Rasmussen , of course , is hardly the only pollster to come under fire this election cycle — just the one who attracts the most sustained criticism .
Last month , conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh accused the Gallup polling organization of “ doing everything they can — they 're upping the sample to black Americans — to keep ” Obama ’s approval at 50 percent .
And PPP , which has also increased its profile in the past two election cycles , has drawn criticism from Republicans for repeatedly showing North Carolina GOP Sen .
Richard Burr with low ratings heading into his 2010 reelection .
“ You ’d like for people to approach poll data in an intellectually honest way and not just say , ‘ I do n’t like this pollster because of his numbers .
But that ’s just the nature of partisan activism , ” said Jensen , whose firm , like Rasmussen 's , relies on automated polls .
“ I do n’t think that what ’s happening with Rasmussen is unusual .
It ’s just that sometimes when people are unhappy , sometimes you shoot the messenger . ”
Franklin , the University of Wisconsin political scientist , argued that the frequency with which Rasmussen produces data makes the firm an inevitable target in the 24/7 media age .
“ I really think that if Rasmussen were polling three times a month or one time a month , he would n’t be as much of a thorn in the side of Democrats , ” said Franklin .
“ But because he ’s polling so much , he stands out every day . ”
Rasmussen says the attention that his often buzzworthy polls generate — positive or negative — is good for business .
Proving that he revels in it , Rasmussen recently posted an unusual video clip on his website — late - night comedian Jimmy Fallon deriding the pollster earlier this year in a rap song as an “ outlier ” whose results were “ spastic . ”
“ We are excited by it , ” Rasmussen said of the attention his firm has received .
Sprint Nextel provided law enforcement agencies with customer location data more than 8 million times between September 2008 and October 2009 , according to a company manager who disclosed the statistic at a non-public interception and wiretapping conference in October .
The manager also revealed the existence of a previously undisclosed web portal that Sprint provides law enforcement to conduct automated " pings " to track users .
Through the website , authorized agents can type in a mobile phone number and obtain global positioning system ( GPS ) coordinates of the phone .
The revelations , uncovered by blogger and privacy activist Christopher Soghoian , have spawned questions about the number of Sprint customers who have been under surveillance , as well as the legal process agents followed to obtain such data .
But a Sprint Nextel spokesman said that Soghoian , who recorded the Sprint manager 's statements at the closed conference , misunderstood what the figure represents .
The number of customers whose GPS data was provided to local , state and federal law enforcement agencies was much less than 8 million , as was the total number of individual requests for data .
The spokesman would n't disclose how many of Sprint 's 48 million customers had their GPS data shared , or indicate the number of unique surveillance requests from law enforcement .
But he said that a single surveillance order against a lone target could generate thousands of GPS " pings " to the cell phone , as the police track the subject 's movements over the course of days or weeks .
That , Sprint claims , is the source of the 8 million figure : it 's the cumulative number of times Sprint cell phones covertly reported their location to law enforcement over the year .
The spokesman also said that law enforcement agents have to obtain a court order for the data , except in special emergency circumstances .
The information about the data requests and portal comes from Paul Taylor , manager of Sprint 's Electronic Surveillance Team .
He made the revelations at the Intelligent Support Systems ( ISS ) conference , a surveillance industry gathering for law enforcement and intelligence agencies and the companies that provide them with the technologies and capabilities to conduct surveillance .
The conference is closed to press , but Soghoian , who is a graduate student at Indiana University , obtained entry and recorded a couple of panel sessions , which he posted on his blog ( see below ) .
In one of the recordings , Taylor is heard saying that the automated web system was rolled out a year ago and that in 13 months it had processed more than 8 million requests for GPS data from law enforcement .
" We turned it on the web interface for law enforcement about one year ago last month , and we just passed 8 million requests , " Taylor is heard saying .
" So there is no way on earth my team could have handled 8 million requests from law enforcement , just for GPS alone .
So the tool has just really caught on fire with law enforcement .
They also love that it is extremely inexpensive to operate and easy . "
Soghoian concluded on his blog that the quote provided proof that " location requests easily outnumber wiretaps , and ... likely outnumber all other forms of surveillance request too . "
He cites a telecom attorney named Al Gidari who claimed at a talk last year that each of the major wireless carriers received about 100 requests a week for customer - location data .
At 100 requests a week for each of the top four wireless carriers , the total should be around 20,000 requests a year .
" I now have proof that he significantly underestimated the number of requests by several orders of magnitude , " Soghoian writes .
But Sprint spokesman John Taylor ( who is not related to Paul Taylor ) says Soghoian had " grossly misrepresented " the 8 million figure , which does n't refer to unique requests or to individual customers , but to the total number of " pings " made on every number for the duration of a law enforcement request .
" The figure represents the number of individual pings for specific location information , made to the Sprint network as part of a series of law enforcement investigations and public safety assistance requests during the past year , " said spokesman Taylor .
" It 's critical to note that a single case or investigation may generate thousands of individual pings to the network as the law enforcement or public safety agency attempts to track or locate an individual . "
There are four circumstances under which law enforcement agents can use the Sprint website and obtain GPS data : 1 ) under the authority of a court order ; 2 ) to track the location of a customer who has made a 911 call ; 3 ) in an emergency situation , such as tracking someone lost in the wilderness or trying to locate an abducted child or hostage ; 4 ) with a customer 's consent .
In the case of court orders , Taylor said agents are required to provide Sprint with the order , after which the company provisions the law enforcement account to allow an agency to track the targeted phone number .
Court orders cover a 60 - day period , and agents can do automated pings to obtain real - time GPS data every three minutes throughout that 60 - day period .
Taylor says this accounts for the 8 million figure .
" If you can access the info every three minutes over 60 days , that adds up pretty quickly , " he told Threat Level .
He added that the GPS data includes only latitude and longitude and the date and time of the ping .
The automated system was set up so that law enforcement agents would n't have to contact Sprint 's electronic surveillance team each time they wanted to ping a phone number throughout the 60 days of a court order .
Agents still have to obtain a subpoena to get historic call detail records , such as phone numbers called , the date , time and duration of calls and the cell site and sector from which the calls were made .
—
Image :
The FBI won a court order to track this Sprint Nextel cell phone 's movements while hunting for a fugitive in Ohio last October .
( Source : U.S. District Court Southern Distict of Ohio ) .
Home page image of cell tower : Phil Strahl / Flickr
MEXICO CITY , Mexico — Inside Mexico City ’s spectacular metropolitan cathedral , Cardinal Norberto Rivera conducted his last Sunday Mass of the year to packed benches .
But rather than focusing on the goodwill of the holiday season , Rivera ’s sermon centered on what he said was a new affront to the nation ’s Roman Catholic values : gay marriage .
Calling the unions “ perverse ” and an “ aberration , ” the prelate called on his flock to fight against a new law allowing gay marriage in Mexico City — the first of its kind in Latin America .
“ This perverse example can not spread .
It is necessary to constitutionally defend the family , ” Rivera said in his characteristic deep booming voice .
The law “ is unjust , inadmissible and condemnable . ”
A wave of social liberalization has transformed the Mexican capital in recent years , but the gay marriage act has ignited a far more negative reaction than other reform measures .
The law , which was approved by Mexico City ’s assembly on Dec. 21 and signed into law Tuesday , also allows gay couples to adopt children .
The comments by Rivera — the foremost Catholic cleric in Mexico — are part of a series of harsh attacks and calls to action against the act .
Mexico ’s College of Catholic Lawyers on Monday went even further than Rivera , calling on the faithful to try to stop gay marriages in the city .
“ We need a pacific resistance so that no [ gay ] couple marries in this capital and the definition of marriage does not change from its natural meaning , ” said college president Armando Martinez .
In the neighboring city of Ecatepec , Bishop Onesimo Cespeda was more blunt , simply saying that the idea of gay marriage was “ stupidity . ”
The clash between the church and state over the issue highlights the broader culture wars being fought south of Rio Grande .
Mexico has long been influenced by a conservative Roman Catholic hierarchy and almost 90 percent of the population purport to the faith .
But the nation has also borne an influential leftist tradition since the days of the Mexican Revolution at the dawn of the 20th century .
The leftist Democratic Revolution Party ( PRD ) has controlled Mexico City since 1997 , and passed a wave of other reforms , making the capital into what advocates say is a beacon of social progressiveness .
The changes have been possible because of Mexico 's federal system , which gives the capital 's assembly the power to pass local laws .
In 2007 , the assembly approved same - sex civil unions as well as allowing abortion in the first 12 weeks of any pregnancy .
The following year , it approved a limited form of euthanasia .
The gay marriage law may have been a surprise in much of the world , but to Mexico City residents it was the latest in a reformist agenda they have become accustomed to .
However , the religious reaction to the latest act has included a far more fiery rhetoric than to the other laws .
The church was relatively quiet in criticizing the civil unions while the attacks on abortion did not include discriminatory language .
In going after gay marriage , however , it seems to be taking a harder stand to finally push back against the reforms .
“ The level of discrimination and homophobia from the church has been surprising , ” said Lol Kin Castaneda , a prominent gay activist who has been campaigning for legalized gay marriage for 31 years .
“ They have been making very irresponsible statements , which polarize society and could provoke violence . ”
PRD lawmakers also alleged that church officials are actually breaking the law by stepping so far into the debate .
The Mexican Constitution defines the nation as secular and prohibits religious officials from involvement in politics .
On Tuesday , PRD legislators sent the federal government a letter demanding it clamps down on the church over the outbursts .
The letter highlighted a meeting between Roman Catholic and Evangelical ministers in which they discussed tactics to combat the new law .
“ The fact that ministers from different religions meet in a church with political ends to attack civil laws seems to be a very serious matter , ” PRD assembly woman Maricela Contreras told reporters .
The church ’s stance comes while the political right has been relatively quiet on the landmark legislation .
The ruling National Action Party of President Felipe Calderon includes many social conservatives with deep religious faith .
But National Action politicians shy away from commenting on the culture wars , seeing it as unpopular with their electoral base in the urban middle class .
On the streets of Mexico City , opinions are very mixed and divided on the law .
Many say they have no objection to gay marriage itself , but it is common to hear opposition to the idea of adoption .
“ If two men or women want to be together that is fine with me .
That is their right .
But why bring a child into it ? ” said Mauricio Fernandez , a 45 - year - old business owner .
“ A baby has the right to a mother and a father . ”
Activists such as Castaneda retort that opponents are highlighting the adoption element to distort the debate .
Mexican adoption laws never specifically stated that couples had to be heterosexual anyway , she says .
Furthermore , this should not get in the way of gay couples getting their rights .
“ There will be a struggle ahead but we will win this argument , ” she said .
“ The church ’s slandering shows a cry of desperation . ”
Jan. 6 , 2009  --
The country 's largest gay - rights group today demanded an apology from David Letterman , for making what it called " inappropriate and incendiary remarks " regarding President Obama 's appointment of a transgender woman to the Commerce Department .
In his monologue Tuesday , Letterman remarked that Amanda Simpson , a transgender woman , had been appointed to work in the Commerce Department 's Bureau of Industry and Security , where she will monitor the export of military technology .
As a photograph of Simpson was shown , announcer Alan Kalter shouted , " What ?
Amanda ?
Amanda used to be a dude ? "
" Oh my God ! " he shouted , before running off stage , with audience laughing .
In a letter to Letterman and CBS Entertainment President Nina Tassler , Human Rights Campaign called the bit " inappropriate and incendiary " and said it reflected " transphobia , " a fear or hatred of transgender people .
" Your skit affirmed and encouraged a prejudice against transgender Americans that keeps many from finding jobs , housing , and enjoying freedoms you and your writers take for granted every day , " HRC's Allyson Robinson wrote in the letter .
Robinson said the punch line of the bit has " been used as a defense in nearly every hate crime perpetrated against transgender people that has come to trial . "
She cited two cases in which individuals suspected of murdering transgender people claimed they did so in a rage after learning about their victims ' gender identity .
Letterman spokesman Tom Keaney told ABCNews.com he would not comment .
Simpson 's appointment has drawn criticism from some conservative groups that accuse the Obama administration of pandering to the gay community , a concern she addressed in an interview with ABC News.com on Monday .
" [ There will be ] questions like : Is this a token ?
Are you here to do a job or just to fill a quota or appease other people ?
In that regard it makes it a bit more difficult , " she said .
" I 'm sure I will have to do and intend to do a far superior job than any other person .
But I 'm sure I will always be second guessed . "
Simpson , divorced with a 15 - year - old son , began her transition from male to female in 2000 .
A former test pilot , Simpson worked in the aerospace and defense industries for 30 years , mostly at Raytheon Missile Systems in Tucson , Ariz .
She holds degrees in physics , engineering , and business .
Simpson told ABCNews.com that much of her work will involve " licensing and enforcement for exports " of military technology .
In 2004 , she was named by the YWCA as one of their " Women on the Move , " and in the same year , she won the Democratic nomination to the Arizona state House of Representatives .
She lost in the general election .
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
The icy cap over Earth ’s North Pole reaches its summer minimum in September and its winter maximum in late February or early March .
Satellite observations since 1979 have shown that amount of ice that survives the summer is getting smaller ; declines have been especially dramatic in the past decade .
Recently , scientists from NASA and the National Snow and Ice Data Center described another way Arctic sea ice is changing : the summer melt season is getting significantly longer .
This trio of images shows changes between 1979 and 2007 in the average date of melt onset in the spring ( left ) , the first autumn freeze ( center ) , and the total average increase in the length of the Arctic sea ice melt season .
The color scales show the trends in days per decade .
Red indicates trends consistent with warming : earlier melt onset , later freezes , and longer total melt season .
White indicates little or no change .
The maps are based on satellite observations of microwave energy radiated from the ice .
( Even a small amount of melt water on snow or ice dramatically changes the way the surface looks in the microwave part of the electromagnetic spectrum . )
These maps represent changes in what the scientists describe as the “ continuous melt season . ”
It is usual for the first melt events of the spring season to be interrupted by a return to freezing conditions .
But eventually a day arrives when melting is continuous for the remainder of the summer : this is the day of melt onset .
The season of continuous melt ends with the first freeze event of the fall .
According to this analysis , the average length of the continuous melt season in the Arctic increased by 6.4 days per decade between 1979 and 2007 .
In some places , however , the trends were far larger than the average , espcially around the lower - latitude edges of the ice pack .
The graph below the figures illustrates how the length of the melt season varies significantly from year to year , but the long - term trend is clear .
The maps also show that , in most areas , the date of freeze onset is changing more than the date of melt onset .
The scientists say this pattern is consistent with a climate process known as the ice - albedo feedback .
Dark ocean water absorbs more sunlight than bright , reflective ice .
Even a small change in the start of the melt season exposes the ocean to more incoming sunlight , which warms the water , which melts more ice , and so on .
The more solar energy the ocean absorbs during the summer , the longer it takes in the fall for the water to cool down enough to freeze .
NASA Earth Observatory image by Robert Simmon , based on data from Jeffrey Miller and Thorsten Markus , NASA GSFC .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A Bangladeshi taxi driver in New York City has gone out of his way to track down the person who left thousands of dollars in cash in the back of his cab .
Mukul Asadujjaman , a medical student , drove nearly 80 km ( 50 miles ) to an address he found with the money .
He left his phone number when he found no - one at home .
The money belonged to an Italian grandmother visiting the US .
Mr Asadujjaman was offered a reward , but he turned it down saying that as a devout Muslim he could not accept it .
Felicia Lettieri , of Pompeii , Italy , and six relatives had taken two cabs on Christmas Eve , Newsday newspaper reported .
Mrs Lettieri , 72 , left her handbag behind , with more than $ 21,000 of the group 's travelling money , jewellery worth thousands more , and some of their passports .
Her sister , Francesca Lettieri , 79 , of Long Island , said the honest driver had saved her family 's vacation .
" We really love what he did , " she said .
' Be honest '
A gracious Asadujjaman was quoted by the newspaper as saying that he may be broke , but he was also honest .
" My mother is my inspiration .
She always said to be honest and work hard . "
Mr Asadujjaman called a friend with a car and drove to a Long Island address he found in the handbag .
No - one was at home , so he left his phone number and a note , the report said .
His phone rang a short time later and he drove back to return the bag .
" They were so , so , so happy , " Mr Asadujjaman told the paper .
Asked if he was tempted to keep the cash , Mr Asadujjaman said the money would have allowed him more time to study , " but my heart said this is not good " .
He also turned down a reward , saying he could not accept it as a devout Muslim , Newsday reported .
" I 'm needy , but I 'm not greedy , " he said .
" It 's better to be honest . "
Mr Asadujjaman is not the first honest American - Bangladeshi cabbie to hit the headlines for noble behaviour .
In 2007 , driver Osman Chowdhury returned a lost bag containing diamond rings worth $ 500,000 to the rightful owner .
This blog discusses the social dynamics of dockside prostitution in Cape Town & Durban .
It was written in advance of my book Sugar Girls & Seamen which you can now buy .
But feel free to browse the blog as this material is distinct from the content of the book .
As a quick intro , I can suggest some of the more popular posts :
- What 's the Deal with your PENIS ?!
by far the most viewed entry , it relates to a painful penile ritual that some Filipino sailors engage in , the beading or pearling their penises .
There 's a picture included .
Need I say more ?
- Sailors , Prostitutes & Karaoke Culture
karaoke allows women with foreign language skills to show off their talents to potential clients .
- Tricks of the Trade
sugar girls sometimes use underhanded tactics to get money from their marks .
This entry looks at hustling , robbery and drugging .
- Knives , Knaves & Babes
a look at violence between sailors at dockside clubs .
- What are These Girls Doing ?!
locals stumble into a dockside nightclub and are confused by what 's going on .
- Legal Prostitution at South Africa 's 2010 World Cup ?
deconstructs the proposal for legal sex work for the international soccer crowd .
- Navigating Risk : Lessons from the Dockside Sex Trade for Reducing Violence in South Africa 's Prostitution Industry
why dockside prostitutes are safer than their colleagues in the street , brothel , and truck - stop sectors
- Anybody " Want " to be a Prostitute ?
considers whether prostitutes want to perform sex work or not .
- Why Don't Prostitutes Abort Their Fetuses ?
looks at the curiously high delivery rate of babies from Cape Town sugar girls .
- Sex Drugs Booze : Chemical Coping
how chemical crutches support the nightlife
- Double - Dipping
making money from sailors at the clubs and who have already left
There are plenty more posts which deal with all sorts of issues in the game .
See the list on the right to take a look .
He pointedly rejects the notion that government ought to get out of the way and let foreclosures work their way through the market , saying that course risks a surge of foreclosures and declining house prices that could pull the economy back into recession .
“ We want to overwhelm this problem , ” he said .
“ If we do go back into recession , it will be very difficult to get out . ”
Under the current program , the government provides cash incentives to mortgage companies that lower monthly payments for borrowers facing hardships .
The Treasury Department set a goal of three to four million permanent loan modifications by 2012 .
“ That ’s overly optimistic at this stage , ” said Richard H. Neiman , the superintendent of banks for New York State and an appointee to the Congressional Oversight Panel , a body created to keep tabs on taxpayer bailout funds .
“ There ’s a great deal of frustration and disappointment . ”
As of mid-December , some 759,000 homeowners had received loan modifications on a trial basis typically lasting three to five months .
But only about 31,000 had received permanent modifications — a step that requires borrowers to make timely trial payments and submit paperwork verifying their financial situation .
The government has pressured mortgage companies to move faster .
Still , it argues that trial modifications are themselves a considerable help .
“ Almost three - quarters of a million Americans now are benefiting from modification programs that reduce their monthly payments dramatically , on average $ 550 a month , ” Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner said last month at a hearing before the Congressional Oversight Panel .
“ That is a meaningful amount of support . ”
But mortgage experts and lawyers who represent borrowers facing foreclosure argue that recipients of trial loan modifications often wind up worse off .
In Lakeland , Fla. , Jaimie S. Smith , 29 , called her mortgage company , then Washington Mutual , in October 2008 , when she realized she would get a smaller bonus from her employer , a furniture company , threatening her ability to continue the $ 1,250 monthly mortgage payments on her three - bedroom house .
In April , Chase , which had taken over Washington Mutual , lowered her payment to $ 1,033.62 in a trial that was supposed to last three months .
Ms. Smith made all three payments on time and submitted required documents , Chase confirms .
She called the bank almost weekly to inquire about a permanent loan modification .
Each time , she says , Chase told her to continue making trial payments and await word on a permanent modification .
Then , in October , a startling legal notice arrived in the mail : Chase had foreclosed on her house and sold it at auction for $ 100 .
The purchaser ?
Chase .
“ I cried , ” she said .
“ I was hysterical .
I bawled my eyes out . ”
Later that week came another letter from Chase : “ Congratulations on qualifying for a Making Home Affordable loan modification ! ”
When Ms. Smith frantically called the bank to try to overturn the sale , she was told that the house was no longer hers .
Chase would not tell her how long she could remain there , she says .
She feared the sheriff would show up at her door with eviction papers , or that she would return home to find her belongings piled on the curb .
So Ms. Smith anxiously set about looking for a new place to live .
She had been planning to continue an online graduate school program in supply chain management , and she had about $ 4,000 in borrowed funds to pay tuition .
She scrapped her studies and used the money to pay the security deposit and first month ’s rent on an apartment .
Later , she hired a lawyer , who is seeking compensation from Chase .
A judge later vacated the sale .
Chase is still offering to make her loan modification permanent , but Ms. Smith has already moved out and is conflicted about what to do .
“ I could have just walked away , ” said Ms. Smith .
“ If they had said , ‘ We ca n’t work with you , ’ I ’d have said : ‘ What are my options ?
Short sale ? ’
None of this would have happened .
God knows , I never would have wanted to go through this .
I ’d still be in grad school .
I would not have paid all that money to them .
I could have saved that money . ”
A Chase spokeswoman , Christine Holevas , confirmed that the bank mistakenly foreclosed on Ms. Smith ’s house and sold it at the same time it was extending the loan modification offer .
“ There was a systems glitch , ” Ms. Holevas said .
“ We are sorry that an error happened .
We ’re trying very hard to do what we can to keep folks in their homes .
We are dealing with many , many individuals . ”
Many borrowers complain they were told by mortgage companies their credit would not be damaged by accepting a loan modification , only to discover otherwise .
In a telephone conference with reporters , Jack Schakett , Bank of America ’s credit loss mitigation executive , confirmed that even borrowers who were current before agreeing to loan modifications and who then made timely payments were reported to credit rating agencies as making only partial payments .
The biggest source of concern remains the growing numbers of underwater borrowers — now about one - third of all American homeowners with mortgages , according to Economy.com .
The Obama administration clearly grasped the threat as it created its program , yet opted not to focus on writing down loan balances .
“ This is a conscious choice we made , not to start with principal reduction , ” Mr. Geithner told the Congressional Oversight Panel .
“ We thought it would be dramatically more expensive for the American taxpayer , harder to justify , create much greater risk of unfairness . ”
Mr. Geithner ’s explanation did not satisfy the panel ’s chairwoman , Elizabeth Warren .
“ Are we creating a program in which we ’re talking about potentially spending $ 75 billion to try to modify people into mortgages that will reduce the number of foreclosures in the short term , but just kick the can down the road ? ” she asked , raising the prospect “ that we ’ll be looking at an economy with elevated mortgage foreclosures not just for a year or two , but for many years .
How do you deal with that problem , Mr. Secretary ? ”
A good question , Mr. Geithner conceded .
“ What to do about it , ” he said .
“ That ’s a hard thing . ”
Square Enix recently released the system requirements for the PC version of Just Cause 2 with one glaring omission , Windows XP support .
That ’s right Windows XP users wo n’t be able to run Just Cause 2 on their nine year old OS .
The reason cited behind the omission is the lack of DX10 support in Microsoft ’s ageing yet popular OS .
Minimum System Requirements for Just Cause 2 :
+ Operating System : Microsoft Windows Vista or Windows 7 ( Windows XP not supported )
+ Processor : Dual - core CPU with SSE3 ( Athlon 64 X2 4200 / Pentium D 3GHz )
+ Graphics Card : Nvidia Geforce 8800 Series / ATI Radeon HD 2600 Pro with 256MB memory or equivalent DX10 card with 256MB memory
+ Memory : 2GB RAM
+ DirectX : Microsoft DirectX 10
+ Hard Drive : 10 GB of free drive space
+ Optical Drive : DVD-ROM drive
+ Sound Card : 100 % DirectX 10 compatible sound card
+ Internet Connection : Internet connection required for product activation
+ Input : Keyboard and mouse ( Microsoft Xbox 360 controller optional )
Recommended System Requirements for Just Cause 2 :
+ Operating System : Microsoft Windows Vista or Windows 7 ( Windows XP not supported )
+ Processor : Intel Core 2 Duo 2.6GHz or AMD Phenom X3 2.4GHz
+ Graphics Card : Nvidia GeForce GTS 250 Series with 512MB / ATI Radeon HD 5750 Series with 512MB or equivalent DX10 card with 512MB memory
+ Memory : 3GB
+ DirectX : Microsoft DirectX 10.1 with Vista SP1
+ Hard Drive : 10 GB of free drive space
+ Optical Drive : DVD-ROM drive
+ Sound Card : 100 % DirectX 10 compatible Dolby Digital 5.1 sound card
+ Internet Connection : Internet connection required for product activation
+ Input : Keyboard and mouse ( Xbox 360 controller optional )
Just Cause 2 , an open world sand box action game by Swedish developer Avalanche Studios and Eidos Interactive will be hitting Xbox 360 , ps3 and the PC ( Win 7 and Vista ) on March 26 , 2010 .
Cross-cultural applicability research shows that DSM - IV - type emotional disorders are specific to the United States and the West .
As we enlighten the world about our " scientific " findings in psychiatry , we are instead creating a contagion of our mental illnesses around the world .
The Stanton Peele Addiction Website , January 10 , 2010 .
This blog post also appeared on Stanton 's Addiction in Society blog at PsychologyToday.com .
The Globalization of Psychiatry - Universalizing Our Mental Illness
We believe that the United States is the leading edge for the discovery and treatment of mental illness .
Instead , a remarkable article in the New York Times , The Americanization of Mental Illness , reveals that although Americans " worry about our country ’s blunders into other cultures ... we may have yet to face one of the most remarkable effects of American - led globalization .
We have for many years been busily engaged in a grand project of Americanizing the world ’s understanding of mental health and illness .
We may indeed be far along in homogenizing the way the world goes mad . "
[ The following is quoted drectly from the article by Ethan Watters . ]
" This unnerving possibility springs from recent research by a loose group of anthropologists and cross-cultural psychiatrists .
Swimming against the biomedical currents of the time , they have argued that mental illnesses are not discrete entities like the polio virus with their own natural histories .
These researchers have amassed an impressive body of evidence suggesting that mental illnesses have never been the same the world over ( either in prevalence or in form ) but are inevitably sparked and shaped by the ethos of particular times and places .
In some Southeast Asian cultures , men have been known to experience what is called amok , an episode of murderous rage followed by amnesia ; men in the region also suffer from koro , which is characterized by the debilitating certainty that their genitals are retracting into their bodies .
Across the fertile crescent of the Middle East there is zar , a condition related to spirit - possession beliefs that brings forth dissociative episodes of laughing , shouting and singing .
" The diversity that can be found across cultures can be seen across time as well [ within our own culture ] .
. . .
" For more than a generation now , we in the West have aggressively spread our modern knowledge of mental illness around the world .
We have done this in the name of science , believing that our approaches reveal the biological basis of psychic suffering and dispel prescientific myths and harmful stigma .
There is now good evidence to suggest that in the process of teaching the rest of the world to think like us , we 've been exporting our Western " symptom repertoire " as well .
That is , we 've been changing not only the treatments but also the expression of mental illness in other cultures .
Indeed , a handful of mental - health disorders -- depression , post - traumatic stress disorder and anorexia among them -- now appear to be spreading across cultures with the speed of contagious diseases .
These symptom clusters are becoming the lingua franca of human suffering , replacing indigenous forms of mental illness . "
In other words , the mental illnesses we regard as biological imperatives are cultural creations that we are exporting around the world ( the same holds for alcoholism and addiction ) , and we then point with satisfaction to the results as proving our assumptions .
[ Only the initial introduction and the summary paragraph are original to this post .
The rest is transcription of Ethan Watters ' original writing in the Times , which is identified and linked up front in the post . ]
The glaciers that have long provided water and electricity to this part of Bolivia are melting and disappearing , victims of global warming , most scientists say .
Image The Milluni reservoir has receded as glaciers that provide some of Bolivia 's water and electricity have melted and disappeared .
Credit ... Ángel Franco / The New York Times
If the water problems are not solved , El Alto , a poor sister city of La Paz , could perhaps be the first large urban casualty of climate change .
A World Bank report concluded last year that climate change would eliminate many glaciers in the Andes within 20 years , threatening the existence of nearly 100 million people .
For the nearly 200 nations trying to hammer out an international climate accord in Copenhagen , the question of how to address the needs of dozens of countries like Bolivia is a central focus of the negotiations and a major obstacle to a treaty .
World leaders have long agreed that rich nations must provide money and technology to help developing nations adapt to problems that , to a large extent , have been created by smokestacks and tailpipes far away .
But the specifics of that transfer  which countries will pay , how much and for what kinds of projects  remain contentious .
Last week , a group of the poorest small countries debated whether they would stage a walk - out in Copenhagen if rich nations failed to provide enough money .
Todd Stern , the lead negotiator for the United States , while reiterating that the United States would help pay , bridled at the idea that the money was a “ climate debt . ”
And on Friday , the European Union made an initial pledge to pay $ 3.5 billion annually for three years to help poor countries cope  though economists project the total cost to be $ 100 billion or more .
Plurk published some examples of the " rip - off " code .
Microsoft has indefinitely suspended its Chinese microblogging service MSN Juku after admitting that it " copied " code used to create the site .
A vendor contracted to work for the software giant was caught lifting code from a rival Canadian start - up , Plurk .
According to Plurk as much as 80 % of the basecode was " stolen directly " .
Microsoft apologised to Plurk , saying " we are obviously very disappointed but we assume responsibility for this situation " .
Microsoft China launched Juku in November .
Bloggers and Taiwanese users of rival service Plurk first alerted the Canadian firm to the fact that a large amount of the base code appeared to have been stolen .
Plurk responded : " We were shocked and outraged when we saw with our own eyes the cosmetic similarities Microsoft 's new offering had with Plurk .... Microsoft China 's offering ripped off our service . "
' Daylight robbery '
It was not just the look and feel of the site , that was the same .
" On closer inspection we found that much of the codebase and data structures ... are identical snapshots of our code .
That it is Microsoft doing the copying in broad daylight makes it even more incredulous , " Plurk said .
Microsoft was quick to issue an apology .
" The vendor has now acknowledged that a portion of the code they provided was indeed copied , " it said in a statement .
" We are a company that respects intellectual property and it was never our intent to have a site that was not respectful of the work that others in the industry have done , " it said .
" We will be reaching out to them [ Plurk ] directly to explain what happened and the steps we have taken to resolve the situation , " it added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This is an article introducing a new email reading system called notmuch , written by Carl Worth with comments from me ( and a few minor patches ) .
Abandon Fail Boat
Almost two months ago , when I updated my debian system to the latest and greatest bits , I happened to get a new version of evolution , 2.28 .
As has become the tradition with new versions of evolution , a few more things broke .
I 've suffered through evolution ' upgrades ' several times and had slowly reduced my usage of evolution features to try and keep it working .
This time , I got stuck .
The accumulated bugs in this mailer made it impossible for me to get my work done any more .
And , yes , it 's a sad commentary on the Linux desktop that the most important feature for many people using Linux has no credible GUI application ( yes , I 've tried a lot of email applications ; I have too much mail for them to cope ) .
Exploring Sup
Carl had given up on Evolution a few weeks before and was using sup .
From his description , and from a brief bit of experimentation , I decided to give it a try .
Sup has four main features :
It is entirely search based .
All messages are indexed by a ' real ' indexing system , xapian which provides reasonable full text search for email .
You can mark ( automatically , or manually ) messages with labels ; the ' inbox ' view just shows the results of a search for messages with the ' inbox ' label .
It never modifies the actual mail store .
All state is stored inside the database in the form of labels .
Most operations act on threads , not messages .
Viewing a thread shows you the unread messages in the whole thread in a single page , making following the conversation easy .
This feature set is exactly what I 've been trying to get Evolution to use for several years ; I used the virtual folders to automatically sort mail into several ' catagories ' .
Unfortunately , the evolution vfolder support was terrible to start with ( way too slow to be actually useful ) and has gotten far worse over time ( no more nested vfolders ? ) .
Sup works quite well for a small amount of email .
With my message store ( dating back to 1984 ) , it took " a while " to do the initial scan of to construct the database .
After that , searches are zippy fast .
Sup has a couple of fairly serious mis-features though :
It 's written in ruby .
Yet another language disaster in my book ; syntax horror - show similar to perl , and a lack of static typechecking means that obvious bugs in the program would n't be caught until you happened to execute that particular line of code .
Ruby is also no speed demon — I spend a lot of my day reading email , waiting for ruby is not on my list of desired activities .
It has a magic curses UI .
This is actually pretty good for reading email , but it 's not scriptable at all , which is useful for mass patch - application , and it completely fails when composing new mail as it forks off emacs and waits for it to complete , meaning that you cannot see any mail while composing a message .
It saves a bunch of label changes inside the application , and Xapian saves most of the database changes too .
Having sup crash often means re-viewing a lot of mail .
Carl and I started fixing sup in various ways ; making the mime - viewer run asynchronously ( so you could see attachments while viewing the rest of the message ) , sorting the inbox oldest first and various other changes .
Nothing serious , but it did show us how sup was built and just how simple it was inside .
It turns out that sup is just a bit of UI goo over a powerful full - text database ; the complicated code is not the UI but the database .
Of course , the sup UI is great for viewing mail , but that 's fortunately easy to clone .
A Minimal Mail Reader
Having seen just how easy it was to build a really nice mail reading system , Carl and I sat down and sketched out what the foundations of our ' ideal ' system would look like :
Xapian based .
I have n't seen anything close to Xapian in terms of features or performance .
It has only one serious bug — it 's written in C ++.
Fortunately , we can wrap the C++ mess with a simple C wrapper and ignore that aspect .
Command line driven .
Any UI would be constructed on top of the command line interface .
And , by UI , we mean emacs major mode .
If someone wants to write a GUI , we wo n't stop them though .
Otherwise , work a lot like Sup ( thread - based , immutable mail store , user - defined tags ) .
Carl started by playing with Xapian , using the existing sup database ; one possibility would have been to retain compatibility with the sup format and just provide a new interface .
Unfortunately , there were a lot of ' ruby - isms ' in the sup database , and reconstructing that would have been pretty difficult from a non-ruby application .
Introducing Notmuch : Not much of an email program
Notmuch really is n't much of an email program ; it does n't talk to mail servers to receive or send mail , it does n't even really know what Maildir should look like .
All it does is construct a database for all of your mail messages and allow you to search and show email messages .
Notmuch has two pieces — a C program that uses Xapian to search and tag mail messages , and an emacs major mode which provides a fairly simple user interface .
Like git , the notmuch C program places a bunch of commands within a single executable :
setup
Interactively setup notmuch for first use .
new
Find and import any new messages .
search search - term [...]
Search for threads matching the given search terms .
reply search - terms [...]
Formats a reply from a set of existing messages .
show search - terms [...]
Shows all messages matching the search terms .
tag +tag| - tag [... ] [--] search - term [... ]
Add /remove tags for all messages matching the search terms .
dump [ filename ]
Create a plain - text dump of the tags for each message .
restore filename
Restore the tags from the given dump file ( see ' dump ' ) .
help [ command ]
This message , or more detailed help for the named command .
( The above text was taken directly from notmuch itself and was written by Carl ) .
As you can see , all of the commands which talk about messages take an arbitrary search pattern .
The search command outputs thread identifiers in search - term form , so you can easily script things by pulling that out of the search output and passing it to additional notmuch commands .
Learning how to do searching in notmuch is the key to using it successfully .
Xapian Search Terms
Matching words anyplace in the message is fairly simple ; just list the set of words you want to match .
Notmuch also adds some special syntax to direct the match at specific header fields :
tag:tag
match messages with the specified tag
thread : thread-id
match messages associated with the specified thread
id:id
match the message with the given id .
Message ids are those set by the message sender in the Message - Id : header field .
from:word
match messages with word in the from address field .
to : word
match messages with word in either the To : or Cc : headers .
attachment : word
match messages with word in an attachment filename .
subject : word
match messages with word in the subject field .
Aside from these additions , notmuch uses standard Xapian search syntax , including support for AND , OR etc .
Xapian 's query parser is not the most robust piece of code though , so sometimes you need to mess with the query to get it to do what you want .
Notmuch emacs mode
There are a lot of email clients available for emacs ; notmuch adds only the email reading part and uses the existing ' message ' module for composing and sending mail .
Even still , notmuch.el is almost 1000 lines long .
It offers two different modes -- the search display , where a list of email threads are presented , and the thread display , where a single thread is displayed .
The search display presents the output of ' notmuch search ' in a window , eliding the thread id .
When a thread is selected , a thread display buffer is constructed with the thread contents as formatted by ' notmuch show ' .
' notmuch show ' structures the thread to make the display more useful in emacs ; it splits messages into headers and bodies and marks the thread depth of each message .
The header of each message will be shrunk to a single line ( in reverse video ) .
Previously read portions of the thread will be hidden by default , along with signature lines , quotations and attachments .
Each of these can be viewed by use of a suitable command .
Carl stole much of this from Sup and adopted it for use inside emacs , along with some of the key bindings .
How well does it work right now ?
Frankly , notmuch is pretty rough today ; I 'm using it to read email , but I 'm finding lots of stuff to fix .
Fortunately , most of the fixes are pretty simple at this point .
The good news is that it 's plenty fast , fast enough that I can count how many threads I 've exchanged with my good friend Bart in the past 25 years ( 2686 ) in only a few seconds .
The biggest performance issue is some lazy code within Xapian .
When you want to change the set of tags related to a document in the database ( a single mail message ) , Xapian replaces the entire document .
Try removing the ' inbox ' tag from half a million messages and Xapian will carefully rewrite 5 GB of data .
That takes a while .
The Xapian developers have suggested that this should n't be hard to fix though , at which point re-tagging messages should get a lot faster .
For those interested in playing along , the notmuch sources are available from the notmuch web site along with a pointer to the mailing list .
In a small paragraph on page A10 of the Jan. 14 Star Tribune is a report about the remarks made by evangelical broadcaster Pat Robertson .
Obviously , Robertson believes in creation , not evolution , or he would understand that earthquakes predate the human concept of a curse .
Also , Poseidon was considered in mythology to be the god of earthquakes and the sea ; therefore , it stands to reason that perhaps he , too , was offended ?
I hope that Robertson will make a public apology to the people of Haiti for making such a ridiculous statement .
H. BETH LABRECHE , FRIDLEY
•••
Dear Pat Robertson ,
I know that you know that all press is good press , so I appreciate the shout - out .
And you make God look like a big mean bully who kicks people when they are down , so I 'm all over that action .
But when you say that Haiti has made a pact with me , it is totally humiliating .
I may be evil incarnate , but I 'm no welcher .
The way you put it , making a deal with me leaves folks desperate and impoverished .
Sure , in the afterlife , but when I strike bargains with people , they first get something here on earth -- glamour , beauty , talent , wealth , fame , glory , a golden fiddle .
Those Haitians have nothing , and I mean nothing .
And that was before the earthquake .
Have n't you seen " Crossroads " ?
Or " Damn Yankees " ?
If I had a thing going with Haiti , there 'd be lots of banks , skyscrapers , SUVs , exclusive night clubs , Botox -- that kind of thing .
An 80 percent poverty rate is so not my style .
Nothing against it -- I 'm just saying : Not how I roll .
You 're doing great work , Pat , and I do n't want to clip your wings -- just , come on , you 're making me look bad .
And not the good kind of bad .
Keep blaming God .
That 's working .
But leave me out of it , please .
Or we may need to renegotiate your own contract .
Best , Satan
LILY COYLE , MINNEAPOLIS
The International Olympic Committee 's ( IOC ) move to ban the boxing kangaroo flag from the Winter Games village in Vancouver has been called scandalous , ridiculous and infantile .
The Australian team has been asked to remove the flag because it has been deemed inappropriate , but that request has drawn some angry responses .
The boxing kangaroo is still flying high over an apartment block in the Olympic Village in Vancouver - but its days might be numbered .
The International Olympic Committee says the flag is too commercial .
Chef de Mission with the Australian team , Ian Chesterman , says the IOC wants it taken down .
" We thought it was appropriate but they did n't agree with that because it's a commercial trademark - and being quite strict on commercial trademarks at this games - they said to us please take it down , " he said .
Mr Chesterman says the flag will only be taken down when the IOC provides a written request .
" We 're hoping to keep it up there .
I think the people around Vancouver are getting right behind it too , " he said .
" I walk into the village and get a great sense from the police and the officials and from other competitors and coaches saying ' hey , that looks fantastic ' and then you say to somebody ' I think we might have to take it down ' and they say that would be a great shame . "
The boxing kangaroo became Australia 's sporting symbol in 1983 when it was used in the successful America 's Cup .
John Longley was part of the crew .
" It was an image that we created , to be a symbol for what we stood for , which was the red gloves .
It used to have a red eye and the puffed up chest and so forth .
It was aggressive , we 're taking the world on , " he said .
The Australian Olympic Committee has since bought the trademark and now the boxing kangaroo is seen among crowds at Olympic and Commonwealth Games and other major sporting events .
' Too controlling '
Mr Longley says the IOC just does n't get it .
" The IOC are one of the most controlling organisations on the planet and they look after their commercial interests with absolute rigid situations , " he said .
" I understand them doing it , but the reason that they 've done it is because they do n't get it .
" Maybe if someone explained to them what the flag was , then maybe they would understand that it ... is Australia 's sporting flag .
That 's what it 's become . "
Olympic gold medallist Kieran Perkins says the International Olympic Committee 's request to have the roo removed is disappointing .
" I think it 's one of those classic sporting tales - men in blazers who love nothing more than to wield the voluntary power they have received and athletes who think they should have the right to look after themselves the way they want to , butting heads , " he said .
Perkins says for some athletes , sporting symbols like the boxing kangaroo can be a source of motivation .
" For me it was more about what you were wearing when you pull on that jumper , or you 've got that pair of swimmers and the cap on , that has those symbols , " he said .
" Those things to me were the real gee - up moments .
Whereas what 's hanging off the walls did n't tend to bother me too much .
" But that 's me personally .
I do know though that there are guys that really do find those sorts of symbols awe inspiring .
It can be extremely beneficial . "
Perkins says for the sake of the games the Australians should obey the request if the IOC does provide a written request .
" The last thing you want to do is distract the athletes from what really matters - which is their preparation and competition - with infantile arguments over a flag that 's been hung outside the building , " he said .
" I do think that one of the issues you always get in these sorts of scenarios is with the personalities involved .
" If it turns out that the person from the IOC who made the complaint is particularly stubborn or dogged about the issue , then it can blow up into something which becomes a distraction .
" At the end of the day that is unnecessary and only going to disadvantage our athletes . "
Nobody from the IOC was available for comment .
Today , the Times deplores men's " mom jeans . "
My initial thought was , who cares ?
Then I saw that professional I 'm - Not - Even - Trying - Anymore crank Liz Jones had declared that she " ca n't stand men who wear baseball caps , " so , probably her .
But , seriously , non-crazies :
Of course , we all know the middle - aged man jeans to which Guy Trebay , the Times style writer , refers .
My boyfriend calls these " dad- rock " jeans ( specifically referring to a pair of $ 20 Lees he wears 90 % of the time ) and the resulting , roomy - yet - neatly - cinched posterior view as " dad - rock ass . "
My own dad , it 's true , does rock these , ( if " rock " can be applied to wearing something with a Purina Dog Chow tee - shirt and a Snuggie ) when not in an ancient and ill - advised pair that dates to the late 70s .
Yes , many men's jeans are bad - either conspicuously lame or conspicuously effortful , and this is confusing to many of us women , to whom it seems like men , with their lack of curves , should just be able to throw on a pair of 501s .
Advertisement
But really , who minds ?
Obviously , Liz Jones , because she needs a column every week and because in any case she seems to have strong , arbitrary and angry views about most human - being - related phenomena , including men .
But as to the rest of us : do we really mind what jeans guys wear ?
Or anything else , for that matter ?
Like Liz Jones , do we have pet peeves that can't be overcome ?
Now , in saying this , I feel distinctions must be made between " indicators " and " prejudices . "
I might , for instance , see a guy in one of those blue shirts with the white collar and think " I would probably not date that guy " but a )
I am trying to get over this sort of thinking ( my now - fiance wore a full waterproof " rain suit " on our first date , just after I started to be aggressively open - minded ) and b ) I could probably stand to learn a little something about bond - trading or whatever and c ) that guy actually would n't be into me so it 's moot and d ) this implies no particular disapprobation for the garment itself , which is kind of pleasing in a Dresden - ish sort of way .
Are people obsessed with men's jeans because there 's something dissonant about the contrast between their workaday antecedents and today 's pricey foppery ?
Maybe , even if it is a double - standard .
It 's bad enough in women , on whom it 's forced by the plethora of choices and the actual necessity of finding out what " works . "
But a man inexplicably burdening himself with this is confusing , and what we do n't understand , we fear .
There was a particularly peculiar piece in the Financial Times ' " How to Spend It " insert ( look , it comes with the subscription and it's worth it for the guilty pleasure of " Perfect Weekend " ) a few months ago on one dandy coming to terms with wearing denim .
It was , essentially , a four page essay on a middle - aged man discovering designer jeans and amassing a large and expensive denim wardrobe .
It was horrible , and it was compelling .
Not merely because of the time , effort and money put into the enterprise , but because , well , dads wear dad - rock jeans !
A fixation on pockets and washes is not one of the gifts of youth I 'd bequeath on my worst enemy .
Advertisement
Pursuant of this , I asked my dad where his jeans came from .
" Do n't know .
Your mother buys them , " he said .
I really think this is the angle the Times missed .
Read My Hips : These Are Jeans That Fit [ NY Times ]
The Obsessive Jean [ How to Spend It ]
LIZ JONES MOANS [ Daily Mail ]
Science visualization does n't get much awesomerer and old school than this .
We should put a bunch of these together near the North Pole , to keep the Russians from stealing it .
[ Caleb Charland courtesy of Michael Mazzeo Gallery — Thanks David ]
Advertisement
Room for one please ! ”
Josef was impatient .
He was tired .
It had been a long hot day and he needed a bath .
“ Of course sir .
How many nights ? ”
“ Twenty - one nights , I will be leaving the same day in three weeks time . ”
“ Your name please ? ”
“ Loschmidt .
Josef Loschmidt . ”
Josef listened to the rattling of the keyboard .
This young man was quick and seemed experienced .
The clerk handed over a key card .
“ You have room 13 sir , it is indicated in binary on your smartkey card .
The number of bits on the card indicates the floor number , tonight you will be on the fourth floor . ”
Josef looked at his keycard .
It had a small LCD display showing the four characters ' 1101 ' .
The clerk continued : “ Each day you will be moving to a higher numbered room at a higher floor .
The smartkey card is programmed to switch over to your new room number every day at 10:00 AM .
At any given time , the keycard will give access to the room indicated on the display and that room only .
Each day the bellboy will be at your room 9:55 AM exactly and take care of your luggage . ”
Josef looked again at his keycard .
Digital gadgets and impersonal automated procedures , he hated every bit of it !
“ Give me a room I can stay at the full twenty nights , I do n't want to move . ”
“ Sorry sir , this is impossible .
All our guests have to move according to protocol . ”
“ Are you saying that the next three weeks each day I have to move up to a higher floor ? ”
“ Yes sir . ”
“ This is ridiculous !
Put me in a room at a lower floor . ”
“ Sir , I have no rooms available at lower levels . ”
“ Then put me in a room such that I will move down during my stay . ”
“ Sir , such rooms do not exist . ”
Josef 's irritation grew .
“ What is your name young man ? ”
“ Ludwig , Sir. ”
“ Listen Ludwig .
If there are guests in this hotel who have to move up to higher room numbers , than surely there are also guests that move down to lower numbers .
Stop kidding me and give me a keycard that allows me to move to lower floors . ”
“ I apologize sir , but this is impossible .
According to the H - theorem each and every day the majority of the guests move up in room number .
None of our long - stay guests can avoid moving up . ”
Josef stared angrily at the young man behind the desk .
Was he trying to exercise a practical joke ?
It did n't look like that .
The clerk was getting visibly nervous .
Despite his growing anger , Josef became curious .
“ What theorem are you talking about young man ? ”
“ The theorem on the Hotel - room - number sizes , sir .
A cumbersome name for a simple theorem , I usually call it the H - theorem .
It is actually easy to demonstrate that when you keep moving the guests in a sufficiently large hotel according to a fixed protocol , then these guests keep going to higher and higher room numbers .
In the long run , room numbers can only grow in size , and the number of bits required to identify the location of each guest will keep increasing . ”
“ That is impossible . ”
“ That was my initial tought as well sir .
But it does seem to be correct .
If you look at the daily movements averaged over all guest , than the room numbers increase in length by a quarter of a bit .
Every four days , the average guest gets a bit added to his room number and moves up a floor . ”
“ Ha , that means that the lower levels get vacated .
So you must be able to give me a lower level room ! ”
“ I beg you pardon Sir , but that is incorrect .
The lower floors stay fully occupied . ”
“ Who are you kidding boy ? ”
“ Sir , I do apologize for the inconvenience , but I can not avoid you moving up to higher floors . ”
Josef was puzzled .
Surely this clerk was trying to fool him .
What he wanted him to believe was simply preposterous .
Yet , the boy certainly was not enjoying himself .
The young man avoided his stare and looked down to his keyboard .
A droplet trickled down his left cheek .
Then a thought occurred to Josef : “ Listen young man , I am certain that what you are telling me is logically impossible .
But for sake of argument , suppose you are right .
Suppose that you got some room movement scheme working here that causes guests to move to higher numbered rooms .
Then I propose that you simply reverse these movements .
The guests will then move down ! ”
The clerk was silent for a moment .
Josef looked at him with a triumphant smile on his face .
“ Sir ... ”
“ Well ...? ”
“ Sir , I am very sorry .
We indeed can reverse all the movements , but even if we do so , still the majority of the guests will move to higher numbered rooms . ”
Josef 's mouth opened .
He wanted to say something , but instead he had to gasp for breath .
A silence followed .
Josef kept his eyes fixed at the young man opposite him .
“ Sir , please .
I can show you the movement scheme and you can judge for yourself .
Here it is ... ”
The boy handed over a small piece of paper .
His hand trembled .
“ Sir , you can take any room number as starting point , and do the calculations yourself .
You might occasionally observe a few reductions in the number of bits in the room numbers , but invariably an expansion will set in and the room numbers will continue to grow . ”
Your Smartkey Card
The rooms are numbered in binary notation .
Room numbers consisting of n bits are on the n-th floor .
So , room 1 is on the first floor , rooms 10 ( 2 ) and 11 ( 3 ) are on the second floor , and rooms 100 ( 4 ) thru 111 ( 7 ) are on the third floor , etc .
Each day at 10:00 the smartkey card will change the displayed room number .
The change in the room number is determined solely by the last two bits displayed .
For room number ending with a ' 1 ' , another ' 1 ' gets added at the end .
Room numbers ending in ' 00 ' , will undergo a deletion of the last bit .
The remaining room numbers are those ending in ' 10 ' .
These undergo a swapping of the last two bits ... 1 → ...1 1 (½ ) – you find your new room one floor up ... 10 → ... 01 ( ¼ ) – new room on the same floor ( except when on the 2nd floor ) ...0 0 → ...0 ( ¼ ) – you find your new room one floor down
Half the number of guests ( those in rooms ending with a ' 1 ' ) will move to a room number that is one bit longer , and only a quarter of the guests ( those in rooms ending with ' 00 ' ) will move to a room numer that is one bit shorter .
The remaining guest ( those in rooms ending with ' 10 ' ) will move to a room number with the same number of bits .
With the higher numbered rooms on the higher floors , each day the majority of your guests will enjoy a better view from their room !
If preferred , the room movements can be reversed .
This is achieved in above scheme by changing every ' 1 ' in a ' 0 ' and vice versa : ...0 → ...0 0 ( ½ ) – you find your new room one floor up
... 01 → ... 10 ( ¼ ) – new room on the same floor ( except when on the 1st floor ) ..1 1 → ...1 ( ¼ ) – you find your new room one floor down
This does not change the statistics of the size increases of the room numbers .
Enjoy your stay !
The Hotel Management
Josef kept staring at the piece of paper .
He read it , and read it again .
Finally Josef looked up , and broke the silence .
“ Young man ... how many rooms does this hotel have ? ”
Ludwig looked up .
A smile spread across his face .
“ Sir , it might surprise you , but my friend Georg - who is studying math - assures me this hotel has vastly fewer rooms than there are points in even the tiniest line segment . ”
Ludwig hesitated , and then continued : “ Personally , I do n't think the rooms in this hotel outnumber the stars in our universe .
That suffices for a contraction followed by an unbounded expansion .
Come to think of it , it could very well be that the universe follows a similar protocol . "
" Do n't you agree , sir ? ”
------------------------------------------------
More Hammock Physicist articles :
The largest distance between two points .
What you did n't know about E=mc2 .
Time 's arrow .
Quantum telepathy .
Booting up the universe .
Fibonacci chaos .
Powers of six - billion .
Quantum virus .
The grand arena of physical reality .
Game theory and the art of acting rational .
Holographic hot horizons .
Holographic horizons get hotter .
Need Clients ?
Let us lead them to you
Whether you are about to jump - start your business or have been in the commercial cleaning industry for many years , let Leads Janitorial take care of your b2b lead generation and appointment setting .
For years we have been providing quality commercial cleaning leads and janitorial sales appointments .
Turn your prospective clients into repeated customers with our strategic sales and marketing expertise .
We put your business on the front line through effective B2B telemarketing .
Communicate only with key persons and decision makers from our extensive database of your target market in which give you exclusive access to it .
Our in - house team of highly trained professional telemarketers are skilled in generating commercial services leads and business appointments .
We customize your appointment setting campaign to suit your needs and screen prospects thoroughly based on your requirements .
We use updated technologies to give you an edge over your competitors at reasonably priced packages .
Our scope reaches far and wide in the global market that include generating janitorial leads from :
US
Australia
Canada
Singapore
Malaysia
New Zealand
Continuous innovation , extensive research , and reliable cold calling services are the secret to our success .
We have refined our sales and marketing plans through years of experience in targeting and contacting potential clients for office cleaning companies .
We provide effective tools to develop optimal commercial cleaning lead generation and janitorial sales appointments to hasten your sales process .
Let Leads Janitorial do the heavy workload for business lead generation and appointment setting for you .
It is time to hasten your sales and marketing efforts by partnering with our call center services .
Let us help you build a good and solid reputation for your commercial cleaning business .
Give us a call for more information on how you can start your office cleaning lead generation and appointment setting campaign .
Drop us a line for your free quote on our services .
You can also send us an e-mail by filling out the form on the Contact Us page .
Home page : C actus adaptations to dry environments James D. Mauseth , Section of Integrative Biology , The University of Texas , Austin , TX 78712 j.mauseth@mail.utexas.edu
This purpose of this website is to describe ways in which the anatomy of cacti has become modified by evolution such that they are now adapted to inhabit hot , dry areas .
The information here is based on my own research as well as that of my graduate students and colleagues .
The information has been categorized into the topics that are listed as links on the left .
Please click on any link to go to that topic 's page with text and photos .
For further details , the bottommost link will take you to a list of my published research papers .
This site is written for an audience of both biologists and general readers interested in biology .
Some botanical terms must be used that might not be familiar to everyone , so I recommend several books that can be consulted for technical terms or as background reading on general botany .
Click on the cover of any book for information about it .
Botany , An Introduction to Plant Biology A Cactus Odyssey .
Journeys through the Wilds of Bolivia , Peru and Argentina Plant Anatomy Also , an excellent source of information on cacti and other desert plants can be found through the Cactus and Succulent Society of America and its Journal ( both scientific and lay articles ) and Haseltonia ( a journal just for reviewed scientific articles ) .
[ If you click on any of these three links , use your browser 's Back button to return here . ]
[ end Home page ]
This Sunday the Super Bowl is once again upon us , and that means one thing : great advertising .
( Apparently some sort of game will be going on too , but many of us tune in not for the touchdowns but for the commercials . )
And it 's not all beer and car ads ; technology companies have a long and illustrious history as Super Bowl advertisers .
( Related story : After a 12 - year hiatus , Intel is returning as a Super Bowl advertiser this year . )
So we decided to run our own game :
What were the best Super Bowl ads from tech companies in years past ?
Wading through four decades ' worth of Super Bowl ads was entertaining , educational ( who knew that Exxon once had an office products division ? ) and sometimes tedious , but we finally found the 10 tech ads that we think are the most compelling .
Ground rules :
To be considered for our list , the ad had to be from a company whose primary business is technology , not just a Web retailer or online service .
That meant that standout ads from the likes of Monster.com and E - Trade did n't qualify .
Also , the ad must have aired during the Super Bowl — which ruled out countless clever and entertaining tech ads , including Apple 's " I'm a Mac , I 'm a PC " campaign .
With those rules in mind , have a look at our picks ( presented in chronological order ) and vote for your favorite in our reader poll , or let us know what we missed in the article comments .
Xerox : " Monks " ( 1976 )
Brother Dominic has a problem :
The head of his order has requested 500 copies of a handwritten manuscript .
So he does what any smart monk would do — turns to the new Xerox 9200 duplicating system , which feeds and cycles the originals , and duplicates , reduces , collates and more , all at " an incredible 2 pages per second . "
It 's a miracle !
Xerox " Monks " Super Bowl ad ( 1976 ) .
Click arrow button to play video .
( Adobe Flash is required .
Some browsers may require two clicks to start the video . )
Apple : " 1984 " ( 1984 )
No " top 10 " list of Super Bowl commercials would be complete without Apple 's iconic " 1984 , " which introduced the vibrant new Macintosh computer to a sterile , gray , corporate dystopia inspired by George Orwell 's 1984 .
And yet it breaks all the rules of Super Bowl advertising :
It 's not funny .
It 's not cute .
It 's not fast - moving .
It 's not heartwarming .
But , wow .
Just ... wow .
Apple " 1984 " Super Bowl ad ( 1984 ) .
Click arrow button to play video .
( Adobe Flash is required .
Some browsers may require two clicks to start the video . )
Interestingly , both IBM and Atari ran pretty decent personal computer ads during the Super Bowl that year ( and Tandy ran a very mediocre one ) ; they were just completely overshadowed by Apple 's entry .
( For more Apple advertising highs and lows through the years , see " Mac advertising masterpieces and missteps . " )
Intel : " Play That Funky Music " ( 1997 )
Intel 's 1997 ad for its multimedia - friendly Pentium MMX processor is sheer fun .
Who can resist grooving along with the dancers ( " Intel engineers " ) in spangly clean - room " bunny suits " as they gyrate to Wild Cherry 's funk - rock anthem " Play That Funky Music " ?
It is not clear what role , if any , Mr. Orszag will have in the future of his new daughter , Tatiana Zoe Milonas .
He was not present for her Nov. 17 birth and has spent barely any time with her .
Mr. Orszag lives in northwest Washington and shares custody of his two children from his first marriage , to Cameron Hamill .
Both Ms. Milonas and Ms. Golodryga live in New York .
As with any story of this nature in Washington , the Very Serious People who traffic in it are obliged to emphasize that such silliness is beneath them .
Mr. Baer said that nearly every press inquiry he has received was prefaced with the requisite faux - sheepishness .
“ Everyone feels the need to say , ‘ I ’m really sorry I have to ask you about this ’ and ‘ I ’m only carrying out orders from my boss , ’ ” Mr. Baer said .
( For the record : this reporter was only acting on orders from his boss . )
And , of course , the Very Serious Media are not writing the Orszag Love - Child Story , they are merely writing about the media frenzy surrounding it .
Image FIANCÉE Bianna Golodryga .
Credit ... Ida Mae Astute / ABC
Perhaps the most fascinating aspect is not so much the timeworn themes of love , life and heartbreak .
“ Human relations are a mess , ” said Marina Ein , a crisis public relations expert in Washington whose messes have included the travails of former Congressman Gary Condit .
“ We ’re in the same situation as when Adam was trying to dodge the apple that was thrown at him . ”
Even so , Adam did n’t have to deal with deficit forecasts , consumer price indexes or , for that matter , cable headlines like “ Budget Baby Mama Drama ” ( thanks for that , MSNBC ) .
And there ’s a natural intrigue that goes along with an unlikely celebrity who becomes an even more unlikely piece of tabloid fodder .
“ There is something that a lot of people in Washington find shocking about this story , which is why we keep talking about it , ” Ms. Ein said .
“ This is a person who seems so controlled in his professional life . ”
Indeed , someone who carries neat to - do lists in his breast pocket and a copy on his desk of Epictetus , the Greek philosopher who preached self - discipline .
“ And yet he ’s so messy in his private life .
This is an a - ha moment . ”
US - Haiti
Noam Chomsky
US - Haiti , March 9 , 2004
Those who have any concern for Haiti will naturally want to understand how its most recent tragedy has been unfolding .
And for those who have had the privilege of any contact with the people of this tortured land , it is not just natural but inescapable .
Nevertheless , we make a serious error if we focus too narrowly on the events of the recent past , or even on Haiti alone .
The crucial issue for us is what we should be doing about what is taking place .
That would be true even if our options and our responsibility were limited ; far more so when they are immense and decisive , as in the case of Haiti .
And even more so because the course of the terrible story was predictable years ago — if we failed to act to prevent it .
And fail we did .
The lessons are clear , and so important that they would be the topic of daily front - page articles in a free press .
Reviewing what was taking place in Haiti shortly after Clinton “ restored democracy ” in 1994 , I was compelled to conclude , unhappily , in Z Magazine that “ It would not be very surprising , then , if the Haitian operations become another catastrophe , ” and if so , “ It is not a difficult chore to trot out the familiar phrases that will explain the failure of our mission of benevolence in this failed society . ”
The reasons were evident to anyone who chose to look .
And the familiar phrases again resound , sadly and predictably .
There is much solemn discussion today explaining , correctly , that democracy means more than flipping a lever every few years .
Functioning democracy has preconditions .
One is that the population should have some way to learn what is happening in the world .
The real world , not the self - serving portrait offered by the “ establishment press , ” which is disfigured by its “ subservience to state power ” and “ the usual hostility to popular movements ” – the accurate words of Paul Farmer , whose work on Haiti is , in its own way , perhaps even as remarkable as what he has accomplished within the country .
Farmer was writing in 1993 , reviewing mainstream commentary and reporting on Haiti , a disgraceful record that goes back to the days of Wilson ’s vicious and destructive invasion in 1915 , and on to the present .
The facts are extensively documented , appalling , and shameful .
And they are deemed irrelevant for the usual reasons : they do not conform to the required self - image , and so are efficiently dispatched deep into the memory hole , though they can be unearthed by those who have some interest in the real world .
They will rarely be found , however , in the “ establishment press . ”
Keeping to the more liberal and knowledgeable end of the spectrum , the standard version is that in “ failed states ” like Haiti and Iraq the US must become engaged in benevolent “ nation - building ” to “ enhance democracy , ” a “ noble goal ” but one that may be beyond our means because of the inadequacies of the objects of our solicitude .
In Haiti , despite Washington ‘s dedicated efforts from Wilson to FDR while the country was under Marine occupation , “ the new dawn of Haitian democracy never came . ”
And “ not all America ‘s good wishes , nor all its Marines , can achieve [ democracy today ] until the Haitians do it themselves ” ( H.D.S. Greenway , Boston Globe ) .
As New York Times correspondent R.W. Apple recounted two centuries of history in 1994 , reflecting on the prospects for Clinton ’s endeavor to “ restore democracy ” then underway , “ Like the French in the 19th century , like the Marines who occupied Haiti from 1915 to 1934 , the American forces who are trying to impose a new order will confront a complex and violent society with no history of democracy . ”
Apple does appear to go a bit beyond the norm in his reference to Napoleon ’s savage assault on Haiti , leaving it in ruins , in order to prevent the crime of liberation in the world ’s richest colony , the source of much of France ‘s wealth .
But perhaps that undertaking too satisfies the fundamental criterion of benevolence : it was supported by the United States , which was naturally outraged and frightened by “ the first nation in the world to argue the case of universal freedom for all humankind , revealing the limited definition of freedom adopted by the French and American revolutions . ”
So Haitian historian Patrick Bellegarde - Smith writes , accurately describing the terror in the slave state next door , which was not relieved even when Haiti ‘s successful liberation struggle , at enormous cost , opened the way to the expansion to the West by compelling Napoleon to accept the Louisiana Purchase .
The US continued to do what it could to strangle Haiti , even supporting France ’s insistence that Haiti pay a huge indemnity for the crime of liberating itself , a burden it has never escaped – and France , of course , dismisses with elegant disdain Haiti ’s request , recently under Aristide , that it at least repay the indemnity , forgetting the responsibilities that a civilized society would accept .
The basic contours of what led to the current tragedy are pretty clear .
Just beginning with the 1990 election of Aristide ( far too narrow a time frame ) , Washington was appalled by the election of a populist candidate with a grass - roots constituency just as it had been appalled by the prospect of the hemisphere ’s first free country on its doorstep two centuries earlier .
Washington ‘s traditional allies in Haiti naturally agreed .
“ The fear of democracy exists , by definitional necessity , in elite groups who monopolize economic and political power , ” Bellegarde - Smith observes in his perceptive history of Haiti ; whether in Haiti or the US or anywhere else .
The threat of democracy in Haiti in 1991 was even more ominous because of the favorable reaction of the international financial institutions ( World Bank , IADB ) to Aristide ’s programs , which awakened traditional concerns over the “ virus ” effect of successful independent development .
These are familiar themes in international affairs : American independence aroused similar concerns among European leaders .
The dangers are commonly perceived to be particularly grave in a country like Haiti , which had been ravaged by France and then reduced to utter misery by a century of US intervention .
If even people in such dire circumstances can take their fate into their own hands , who knows what might happen elsewhere as the “ contagion spreads . ”
The Bush I administration reacted to the disaster of democracy by shifting aid from the democratically elected government to what are called “ democratic forces ” : the wealthy elites and the business sectors , who , along with the murderers and torturers of the military and paramilitaries , had been lauded by the current incumbents in Washington , in their Reaganite phase , for their progress in “ democratic development , ” justifying lavish new aid .
“ The praise came in response to ratification by the Haitian people of a law granting Washington ‘s client killer and torturer Baby Doc Duvalier the authority to suspend the rights of any political party without reasons .
The referendum passed by a majority of 99.98 % . ”
It therefore marked a positive step towards democracy as compared with the 99 % approval of a 1918 law granting US corporations the right to turn the country into a US plantation , passed by 5 % of the population after the Haitian Parliament was disbanded at gunpoint by Wilson ’s Marines when it refused to accept this “ progressive measure , ” essential for “ economic development . ”
Their reaction to Baby Doc ’s encouraging progress towards democracy was characteristic – worldwide — on the part of the visionaries who are now entrancing educated opinion with their dedication to bringing democracy to a suffering world – although , to be sure , their actual exploits are being tastefully rewritten to satisfy current needs .
Refugees fleeing to the US from the terror of the US - backed dictatorships were forcefully returned , in gross violation of international humanitarian law .
The policy was reversed when a democratically elected government took office .
Though the flow of refugees reduced to a trickle , they were mostly granted political asylum .
Policy returned to normal when a military junta overthrew the Aristide government after seven months , and state terrorist atrocities rose to new heights .
The perpetrators were the army – the inheritors of the National Guard left by Wilson ‘s invaders to control the population – and its paramilitary forces .
The most important of these , FRAPH , was founded by CIA asset Emmanuel Constant , who now lives happily in Queens , Clinton and Bush II having dismissed extradition requests — because he would reveal US ties to the murderous junta , it is widely assumed .
Constant ’s contributions to state terror were , after all , meager ; merely prime responsibility for the murder of 4-5000 poor blacks .
Recall the core element of the Bush doctrine , which has “ already become a de facto rule of international relations , ” Harvard ’s Graham Allison writes in Foreign Affairs : “ those who harbor terrorists are as guilty as the terrorists themselves , ” in the President ’s words , and must be treated accordingly , by large - scale bombing and invasion .
When Aristide was overthrown by the 1991 military coup , the Organization of American States declared an embargo .
Bush I announced that the US would violate it by exempting US firms .
He was thus “ fine tuning ” the embargo for the benefit of the suffering population , the New York Times reported .
Clinton authorized even more extreme violations of the embargo : US trade with the junta and its wealthy supporters sharply increased .
The crucial element of the embargo was , of course , oil .
While the CIA solemnly testified to Congress that the junta “ probably will be out of fuel and power very shortly ” and “ Our intelligence efforts are focused on detecting attempts to circumvent the embargo and monitoring its impact , ” Clinton secretly authorized the Texaco Oil Company to ship oil to the junta illegally , in violation of presidential directives .
This remarkable revelation was the lead story on the AP wires the day before Clinton sent the Marines to “ restore democracy , ” impossible to miss – I happened to be monitoring AP wires that day and saw it repeated prominently over and over — and obviously of enormous significance for anyone who wanted to understand what was happening .
It was suppressed with truly impressive discipline , though reported in industry journals along with scant mention buried in the business press .
Also efficiently suppressed were the crucial conditions that Clinton imposed for Aristide ’s return : that he adopt the program of the defeated US candidate in the 1990 elections , a former World Bank official who had received 14 % of the vote .
We call this “ restoring democracy , ” a prime illustration of how US foreign policy has entered a “ noble phase ” with a “ saintly glow , ” the national press explained .
The harsh neoliberal program that Aristide was compelled to adopt was virtually guaranteed to demolish the remaining shreds of economic sovereignty , extending Wilson ‘s progressive legislation and similar US - imposed measures since .
As democracy was thereby restored , the World Bank announced that “ The renovated state must focus on an economic strategy centered on the energy and initiative of Civil Society , especially the private sector , both national and foreign . ”
That has the merit of honesty : Haitian Civil Society includes the tiny rich elite and US corporations , but not the vast majority of the population , the peasants and slum - dwellers who had committed the grave sin of organizing to elect their own president .
World Bank officers explained that the neoliberal program would benefit the “ more open , enlightened , business class ” and foreign investors , but assured us that the program “ is not going to hurt the poor to the extent it has in other countries ” subjected to structural adjustment , because the Haitian poor already lacked minimal protection from proper economic policy , such as subsidies for basic goods .
Aristide ’s Minister in charge of rural development and agrarian reform was not notified of the plans to be imposed on this largely peasant society , to be returned by ” America ‘s good wishes ” to the track from which it veered briefly after the regrettable democratic election in 1990 .
Matters then proceeded in their predictable course .
A 1995 USAID report explained that the “ export - driven trade and investment policy ” that Washington imposed will “ relentlessly squeeze the domestic rice farmer , ” who will be forced to turn to agroexport , with incidental benefits to US agribusiness and investors .
Despite their extreme poverty , Haitian rice farmers are quite efficient , but cannot possibly compete with US agribusiness , even if it did not receive 40 % of its profits from government subsidies , sharply increased under the Reaganites who are again in power , still producing enlightened rhetoric about the miracles of the market .
We now read that Haiti cannot feed itself , another sign of a “ failed state . ”
A few small industries were still able to function , for example , making chicken parts .
But US conglomerates have a large surplus of dark meat , and therefore demanded the right to dump their excess products in Haiti .
They tried to do the same in Canada and Mexico too , but there illegal dumping could be barred .
Not in Haiti , compelled to submit to efficient market principles by the US government and the corporations it serves .
One might note that the Pentagon ’s proconsul in Iraq , Paul Bremer , ordered a very similar program to be instituted there , with the same beneficiaries in mind .
That ’s also called “ enhancing democracy . ”
In fact , the record , highly revealing and important , goes back to the 18th century .
Similar programs had a large role in creating today ’s third world .
Meanwhile the powerful ignored the rules , except when they could benefit from them , and were able to become rich developed societies ; dramatically the US , which led the way in modern protectionism and , particularly since World War II , has relied crucially on the dynamic state sector for innovation and development , socializing risk and cost .
The punishment of Haiti became much more severe under Bush II — there are differences within the narrow spectrum of cruelty and greed .
Aid was cut and international institutions were pressured to do likewise , under pretexts too outlandish to merit discussion .
They are extensively reviewed in Paul Farmer ’s Uses of Haiti , and in some current press commentary , notably by Jeffrey Sachs ( Financial Times ) and Tracy Kidder ( New York Times ) .
Putting details aside , what has happened since is eerily similar to the overthrow of Haiti ‘s first democratic government in 1991 .
The Aristide government , once again , was undermined by US planners , who understood , under Clinton , that the threat of democracy can be overcome if economic sovereignty is eliminated , and presumably also understood that economic development will also be a faint hope under such conditions , one of the best - confirmed lessons of economic history .
Bush II planners are even more dedicated to undermining democracy and independence , and despised Aristide and the popular organizations that swept him to power with perhaps even more passion than their predecessors .
The forces that reconquered the country are mostly inheritors of the US - installed army and paramilitary terrorists .
Those who are intent on diverting attention from the US role will object that the situation is more complex — as is always true — and that Aristide too was guilty of many crimes .
Correct , but if he had been a saint the situation would hardly have developed very differently , as was evident in 1994 , when the only real hope was that a democratic revolution in the US would make it possible to shift policy in a more civilized direction .
What is happening now is awful , maybe beyond repair .
And there is plenty of short - term responsibility on all sides .
But the right way for the US and France to proceed is very clear .
They should begin with payment of enormous reparations to Haiti ( France is perhaps even more hypocritical and disgraceful in this regard than the US ) .
That , however , requires construction of functioning democratic societies in which , at the very least , people have a prayer of knowing what ’s going on .
Commentary on Haiti , Iraq , and other “ failed societies ” is quite right in stressing the importance of overcoming the “ democratic deficit ” that substantially reduces the significance of elections .
It does not , however , draw the obvious corollary : the lesson applies in spades to a country where “ politics is the shadow cast on society by big business , ” in the words of America ’s leading social philosopher , John Dewey , describing his own country in days when the blight had spread nowhere near as far as it has today .
For those who are concerned with the substance of democracy and human rights , the basic tasks at home are also clear enough .
They have been carried out before , with no slight success , and under incomparably harsher conditions elsewhere , including the slums and hills of Haiti .
We do not have to submit , voluntarily , to living in a failed state suffering from an enormous democratic deficit .
The Original Tablet
I enjoyed Paul Thurrott ’s daily coverage of CES last week .
A big trade show is a hard thing to capture in prose , and Thurrott got it .
But I chuckled at this piece starting his CES coverage , “ Exclusive ! Microsoft to Announce Tablet PC Before Apple ! ” :
The tech industry is tripping over itself to promote Apple ’s maybe - it - is - maybe - it - is n’t Tablet computing device , but Microsoft has their number : I can now reveal that Microsoft and its PC maker partners will announce and then deliver their own Tablet PC well before Apple .
And I have an exclusive photo of a prototype of this unbelievable , trend - setting , and innovative product … … from 2001 .
The devices shipped in 2002 .
Almost eight years ago .
The punchline being that Microsoft ’s 2001 Tablet PC initiative was the forebear to whatever it is that Apple seems poised to unveil , and Microsoft is n’t getting its due credit for this trailblazing effort .
This is funny in two ways .
First , however misguided much of the pre-announcement hype for the Apple tablet is , I have n’t seen anyone argue that tablet computers do n’t already exist .
The hype is n’t about Apple possibly unveiling the first tablet computing device ; it ’s about Apple possibly unveiling the first great one .
I imagine Thurrott as a film critic in 1968 , irritated at the hype surrounding Kubrick ’s 2001 : A Space Odyssey on the grounds that Ed Wood made Plan 9 From Outer Space nine years earlier .
Second , even if you ’re only concerned about who was first , should n’t that credit go to Apple , for the Newton Message Pad that first shipped in 1993 ?
Thinking of the Newton got my gears turning .
It ’s a fascinating comparison point for both the iPhone and whatever it is Apple is set to release .
I suspect most of you reading this have never used , let alone owned , a Newton , which is a shame .
They really were remarkable , innovative devices .
Our “ desktop ” computers ’ human interfaces have n’t fundamentally changed since 1984 — keyboard and mouse / trackpad for input , overlapping draggable resizable windows on - screen , and a hierarchical file system where you create and manage “ document files ” .
Have you ever sat back , scratched your chin , and wondered when the computer industry will break free of these current interfaces — which can be a hassle even for experts , and downright confusing ( e.g. click vs. double - click ) for the non-experts ?
Surely no one expects the computer interfaces of , say , 50 years hence to be based on these same metaphors and input methods .
What ’s the next step ?
The Newton was Apple ’s first answer to that .
The Newton used new metaphors , and in many ways , better abstractions than the Mac .
We sort of take it for granted with many apps today ( including good web apps ) that you do n’t have to explicitly save changes , and that you do n’t have to pick a unique name and directory path for each new thing you create .
The Newton was there in 1993 , system - wide .
“ Newton ” was even a great name .
Newtons were always less than Macs in terms of raw performance and software capabilities ( there was never even a Newton with a color display ) , but at the height of Newton - mania ( such that it was ) , which peaked while the Mac was at its technical nadir , you could squint your eyes and envision a future where the Newton UI paradigms would form the basis of Apple ’s future flagship computers ( and , then , inevitably , everyone else ’s ) .
Not the Newton as it was , but the Newton as it could have eventually become .
I ’ve long pondered why the Newton failed .
I think it defies any simple explanation .
Its problems and shortcomings were multivariate — it was a confluence of factors that led to it never really taking off .
Ultimately the entire Newton product line was killed by Steve Jobs when he returned to the helm at Apple .
I , among many others , would argue that the Newton could have still been saved .
It certainly never flourished , but it was n’t a total market failure , either .
And Palm ’s success in the 1990s proved that there was a market .
I would argue , though , that there was no chance for the Newton to be saved under Steve Jobs .
The whole thing was created during Jobs ’s exile from Apple .
I ’d go so far as to hold up the Newton as the epitome of the Steve - Jobs - less Apple , both good and bad .
That Apple was undeniably different in certain fundamental ways than Jobs ’s new Apple .
I do n’t see Jobs as a Midas - type who can turn anything he touches into gold .
His gifts are for leading the creation of tech products from conception onward , not for taking products created by others and fixing them .
Some devoted Newton users suspected spite in Jobs ’s decision to kill it — the Newton having been John Sculley ’s baby — but I think it was more basic than that : he truly disliked it .
Nothing good comes of Apple products that Jobs does n’t like .
What Sunk the Newton
MessagePads were small compared to laptops ( especially the laptops of the mid-’90s ) , but they were n’t pocket - sized .
Palm Pilots were .
Newtons typically cost around $ 800-900 .
Palm Pilots cost about $ 300 - 400 .
The price alone did n’t doom the Newton — plenty of successful gadgets cost much more than that .
The problem was that it was hard to make the case in a nutshell why the Newton was worth that much .
The original Palm Pilot did n’t ship until 1996 , three years after the original Newton .
So it ’s not like side - by - side competition with the Palm Pilot led to the Newton ’s demise from the get - go .
But the Palm Pilot ’s success shows the direction Apple should have moved after the Newton ’s 1993 debut : smaller and cheaper .
Instead , they kept the size and price the same , and expanded its features and performance .
If Apple had shipped a Newton OS device the size of a Palm Pilot for $ 400 by 1995 , the world might be a very different place today .
( If the Newton had been a hit , Apple would n’t have been in such trouble in 1996 , and might not have bought NeXT , in which case Jobs never would have returned to the company . )
I think it ’s OK for a 1.0 product to be ahead of its time , to be too ambitious .
The trick is not to be too far ahead , and more importantly , for the follow - up products to improve practically .
The Newton kept improving year after year , but not in the right direction .
It kept growing in ambition .
Compare and contrast with the iPhone .
The changes from the original iPhone to today ’s 3GS have been incremental and focused on practical concerns : performance , storage capacity , and price .
Refinement , not feature creep .
The Newton was a pre-Internet concept that debuted at the start of the Internet revolution .
All modern computers are now seen as communication devices .
The Newton was n’t designed around that .
I ’m not arguing that Apple should have somehow invented Wi-Fi in 1993 , but rather that the lack of any wireless IP networking was the biggest factor that kept the whole concept from being compelling to enough people to make it a hit .
The Palm Pilot was n’t any more of an Internet device when it debuted , but it did n’t have to be , because it cost less .
The Newton had incredible technology .
But there ’s a big difference between something that works well and something that ’s amazing only insofar as that it works at all .
The nutshell memory everyone has of the Newton is its flawed handwriting recognition , famously mocked by both The Simpsons and Doonesbury .
But the Newton ’s print recognition quickly got pretty darn good .
I had a MessagePad 130 , and later a Palm OS Handspring Visor .
The print recognition on my MessagePad was just as good as the Graffiti recognition on my Visor — without any requirement to learn a new notation system .
What never worked reliably for me on the Newton was cursive handwriting recognition .
It was amazing that it worked at all , and surely Apple put a ton of work into it .
But it was n’t good enough to ship , and they included it anyway .
I think the Newton would have had a better reputation for handwriting recognition if it had done less , by only accepting print notation .
One of the hallmarks of Apple under Jobs is that they tend to ship only features that work great , even if that leaves many features not there at all .
( Exhibit A : copy - and - paste in the iPhone OS . )
The iPhone ’s design is governed by practical concerns .
What are you expected to do with an iPhone or iPod Touch ?
Just look at the bottom of the home screen , in the app dock : phone calls , email , web surfing , movies , music .
That ’s what you do with an iPhone .
Those are things people find exciting and fun .
What could you do with a Newton ?
Notes , calendars , contacts .
All of the Newton ’s primary features are mere secondary features on the iPhone .
Worse , the Newton lacked good syncing .
The lack of good syncing oddly limited the Newton to the scope of a paper notebook / organizer — an island unto itself , rather than acting as a client to data primarily stored elsewhere .
Not so for the Palm Pilot ( especially on Windows , where Palm ’s syncing software was much better ) .
The relationship of a Palm Pilot to your computer was crystal clear — it was a pocket - size device that synced to your computer as a peripheral .
The relationship of a Newton to your Mac or PC was nebulous .
And it was portable , but most definitely not pocketable .
I ’ve long harbored this theory that , out of hubris , Apple ’s Newton team purposely designed the Newton more as a standalone system than a peripheral for Macs and PCs — in much the same way that the original Mac had no compatibility ( or even similarity ) with the then wildly - popular Apple II .
The Newton was Apple ’s Next Big Thing and they did n’t want to position it as a subservient satellite device that revolved around a Mac or Windows PC .
Such hubris is n’t necessarily wrong or inherently doomed .
It worked out well for the Macintosh , for example .
But it ’s risky — they bet big , went for broke , and lost it all .
It ’s eyebrow - raising that “ too big ” and “ too expensive ” were the major knocks against the Newton , and here we are facing the arrival of the mythical Tablet , which , according to the Wall Street Journal , has a big 10 - inch diagonal screen and will cost around $ 1,000 .
But I ’d argue that the Newton was n’t too big , too expensive , period — I ’d say it was too big and too expensive given what it offered .
That ’s why Palm succeeded where the Newton failed .
Apple went for “ tablet computer ” but only had features worthy of a handheld peripheral .
The difference between success and failure is almost never just one factor .
It ’s the balance between many factors .
The tradeoffs .
Palm made much smarter tradeoffs with the Pilot than Apple did with the Newton .
Today , though , no company makes better tradeoffs than Apple .
And you certainly can’t argue that Apple , today , does n’t understand the differences between portability and pocket - ability .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Enroll in an academic program , make friends with some of the other really smart students , drop out of school with them to create a company , work 80 hours a week and one day , ka-ching !
This is the startup formula to success that the media would have us believe — the new American dream , as it were .
Granted there are some notable entrepreneurial dropouts who have made it big , among them Bill Gates , Larry Ellison , Steve Jobs and more recently , Mark Zuckerberg .
But while many of us are familiar with the paths they ’ve taken , such paths are simply not the ones most entrepreneurs walk down to ultimately find success .
We work with entrepreneurs everyday and as such , see the much less newsworthy but far more common success stories that dot the startup landscape .
To that end , we wanted to share five myths that we ’ve discovered lurking around the startup world and demystify them .
Myth # 1 : Hire Smart People and Let Them Do Their Magic
Truth : Hire Stars and Let Them Do Their Magic
Intelligence is important , but only insofar as it helps with performance and execution .
As Malcolm Gladwell points out in “ Outliers , ” while some minimum level of intelligence might be necessary for superior performance , in many jobs it ’s not in and of itself enough to ensure it .
You need people willing and able to work as part of a team , and sometimes superior individual contributors can negatively affect team performance by creating affective or role - based conflict ( for more on those , see Myth # 3 below ) .
As Reed Hastings puts it , you should eliminate all brilliant jerks from your team .
The fact that intelligence alone is not sufficient is especially true for leaders .
Emotional and social intelligence , sometimes referred to collectively as EQ , are much more highly correlated to successful leadership and change than IQ .
Consider reading Richard Boyatzis ’ books “ Primal Leadership ” and “ Resonant Leadership ” to understand how critically important being “ mindful ” or socially and emotionally intelligent are .
Interestingly , Thomas Stanley , a PhD who studies rich people , has identified the most highly correlated characteristic to wealth as integrity .
Myth # 2 : It ’s About Your Great Idea
Truth : It ’s About Your Customer
Many aspiring entrepreneurs are waiting to come up with the killer idea that will rocket them into fame and fortune .
The reality is that ideas are a dime a dozen and even the best ones must be launched at the right time .
Too early and there is no demand for your product , too late and you ’ve missed the market .
It ’s much easier to fulfill an existing need with your product than it is to convince people they need it in the first place .
In other words , it ’s about your customer .
Start by A/B testing your products to get real user feedback on different features and designs .
Adaptive experimentation , defined by the American Marketing Association as “ continuous experimentation to establish empirically the market response functions , ” has been shown ( PDF ) to be critical when it comes to successfully creating viral growth .
Myth # 3 : Conflict Is Bad
Truth : Affective Conflict Is Bad ; Cognitive Conflict Is Good
Research shows us that some conflict is good and some conflict is bad .
Cognitive , or good conflict , helps companies eliminate groupthink and open up strategic possibilities .
That ’s because cognitive conflict is characterized by healthy debates about “ what ” to do and “ why ” to do it ; it thus generates multiple strategic choices and allows us to weigh options .
It also helps us think more clearly and broadly about our competition .
And from a biological standpoint , it stimulates the parasympathetic nervous system , creating a positive emotional state which in turn supercharges our brains .
Indeed , cognitive conflict has been shown to increase firm performance and shareholder wealth .
Bad conflict is sometimes termed “ affective conflict ” and is usually role - based , as it consists of heated arguments about “ how ” to do something or “ who ” should be in control of doing it .
Unlike good conflict , it ’s been found to destroy morale and decrease firm performance .
Not only does it stimulate your sympathetic nervous system , kicking off the “ fight or flight ” syndrome , the chemicals released by your body in the process limit your thought processes , so focus is put on the conflict rather than the opportunity .
Myth # 4 : It ’s About Hard Work ; Do n’t Expect to Have a Life
Truth : It ’s About Results and You Need a Life
Some companies have an unfortunate culture that mandates relentlessly hard work .
When things get tough , people work harder .
When things are good , people work harder still to try to keep the “ good times rolling . ”
But this cycle of doom will ultimately fail as people burn out , get sick or simply quit .
As Reed Hastings outlines , and as we discussed in Myth # 1 above , what ’s more important is employee effectiveness .
Certainly you want people who are intelligent enough to get the job done and who will work hard enough to accomplish the mission .
But effectiveness , not hard work or intelligence , ultimately drives firm performance and shareholder value .
This ability to start a company and have a life is n’t just for lifestyle businesses .
Myth # 5 : It ’s an Uphill Battle Until One Day , When It All Comes Together
Truth : It ’s a Rollercoaster Ride
Many aspiring entrepreneurs have been led to believe that the trajectory of a startup involves working really hard until they land one big customer or release one perfect product and after that , it ’s easy street .
The reality is that it ’s a rollercoaster ride , with ups and downs that rarely let up .
On Monday your company is sure to be worth $ 1 billion but by Wednesday you think you ’ll run out of cash next quarter even though by Friday you ’re positive your company ’s next product idea will do nothing short of revolutionizing the industry .
As Paul Graham notes , “ In a startup , things seem great one moment and hopeless the next .
And by next , I mean a couple hours later . ”
Bouquets were laid in front of Google Inc. 's headquarters in China on Wednesday , a show of support for a company whose threat to exit the country rather than be party to more censorship is a dramatic shot across the bow of the Chinese Communist Party .
But while Chinese cyberspace was awash with chatter about Google ’s gambit , state - controlled media downplayed the story , reporting that Google had been a victim of cyber attacks in China but making no mention of the company ’s allegations that human rights activists ’ e-mail accounts had been hacked .
Among China ’s savvier Internet users , however , word spread quickly that the Mountain View , Calif. , company was no longer willing to censor its Chinese - language search engine .
Some noted that Google searches for the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown turned up the iconic but banned photograph of a lone protester blocking the path of a column of tanks .
“ It is the first time a company this size has made a stand like this .
People are cheering Google , ” said Jeremy Goldkorn , whose influential website , Danwei , has been blocked since last summer by China ’s Internet filtering technology , popularly known as the Great Firewall .
Bei Feng , a blogger who has led a campaign to abolish the firewall , said losing Google would be a big blow .
However , he and many others like him probably would use proxy servers to continue accessing the company ’s products .
“ I admire Google ’s decision , ” said Bei Feng , whose e-mail account has been hacked into in the past .
“ Obviously it is a huge loss for Chinese Internet users .
Sometimes such a price has to be paid for the long term .
It ’s a huge slap in the face for the Chinese Communist Party .
I think they will try to retaliate . ”
On Wednesday , Google said it would improve security for users of its Gmail Web - based e-mail service by encrypting data to its servers .
Beijing has yet to respond specifically to the company ’s announcement .
The government ’s New China News Agency reported Wednesday that an unnamed lower official in China ’s Cabinet was seeking more information on Google ’s new stance .
“ It is still hard to say whether Google will quit China or not , ” the official said .
The prospect of a pullback was good news for Google ’s biggest Chinese rival , Baidu Inc. , whose shares surged nearly $ 60 , or 14 % , on Wednesday .
Google shares slipped $ 3.39 , less than 1 % , to $ 587.09 .
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said Google ’s allegations raised concerns .
“ We look to the Chinese government for an explanation , ” she said in Honolulu .
“ The ability to operate with confidence in cyberspace is critical in a modern society and economy . ”
China stepped up its Internet policing efforts in 2009 , launching a campaign against pornography and illegal downloading that critics say was a ruse to restrict the movement of information .
Chinese bloggers are increasingly clamoring for the government to tear down the firewall , and President Obama made Internet censorship a central theme of his maiden visit to China in November , inviting bloggers to submit questions at a town hall - style meeting in Shanghai .
Human rights groups viewed Google ’s decision to make its allegations public as a step in the right direction -- reasoning that it placed pressure on Beijing to reconsider its approach to the Internet because of the purported cyber attacks carried out against Google as well as various other foreign companies .
“ The ball is now in the Chinese government ’s court , ” said Sharon Hom of Human Rights in China .
“ They have to prove that doing business in China is safe , fair and predictable . ”
Google has always played second fiddle to Baidu , China ’s most popular search engine .
It has struggled to resonate with China ’s more than 300 million Internet users , many of whom favor easy access to pirated songs and chat forums .
Where the search engine succeeded was in appealing to many of China ’s young and progressive voices -- bloggers , activists and proponents of information freedom .
The company invested deeply in research and development by hiring university graduates .
After a protracted legal battle with Microsoft Corp. , it lured away executive Kai - Fu Lee , a hero to China ’s tech - savvy urbanites with his top - selling motivational books .
An online survey of more than 13,000 people on the news site Huanqiu.com asked whether the Chinese government should accommodate Google .
About three - quarters said “ yes ” by late Wednesday .
But not all were sympathetic to Google ’s stand .
Fang Xingdong , an IT blogger , said he felt betrayed by the company .
“ I think it ’s a stupid decision for Google , ” Fang said .
“ They did n’t consult Chinese Internet users .
It is extremely irresponsible .
. . .
In terms of innovation , Google is a world leader .
If they pull out , it is going to be a huge blow to the Internet industry in China . ”
david.pierson@latimes.com
barbara.demick@latimes.com
Tommy Yang in The Times ’ Beijing bureau and Jessica Guynn in The Times ’ San Francisco bureau contributed to this report .
Among the most anticipated titles this year sits M.A.G , a record - breaking 256 - player online first - person shooter .
M.A.G , or Massive Action Game , was playable under Open Beta for the past week and thousands of PlayStation 3 owners worldwide were able to test the game out and provide feedback for the developers .
Now that M.A.G is only weeks away from official release , many first - person shooter fans worldwide are anticipating the arrival of this next - generation vision created by Zipper Interactive , the team that also created the award - winning SOCOM series .
A fan - made M.A.G trailer was produced by YouTube username venuslourdes which shows what the title has to offer .
The video was created with the same theme and soundtrack as the popular Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 launch trailer .
The trailer shows off some of the potential for teamwork featured in M.A.G which looks to make it one of the hottest online titles of the next few months .
Check out the unofficial M.A.G trailer created by venuslourdes below :
[ youtube ] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=El7Rua_WYXM[/youtube]
Queensland 's ambulance officers want licensed venues to stop using pool cues and glass ashtrays to reduce the risk of being assaulted .
Last year the State Government banned glasses from some pubs and clubs to stop so - called " glassing " attacks .
Now the union representing Queensland 's ambulance officers says pool cues and glass ashtrays have become a " weapon of choice " for drunken patrons who turn on paramedics .
Kroy Day from the Liquor Hospitality and Miscellaneous Workers Union says paramedics are anxious about the makeshift weapons .
" Certainly they 're weapons that people are using and if we can't make our people safe by any other means , then let 's remove the weapons , " he said .
" [ This is ] an indication of exactly how desperate and frustrated we are with the situation at the moment . "
Mr Day says a survey of 142 ambulance officers showed 94 per cent had been assaulted on the job in the past five years .
" Back in 2002 we had about 22 or 23 officers assaulted .
Last year the figure approached almost 150 , " he said .
" That 's a really sad indictment on the community , considering the paramedics have been voted the most trusted profession in Australia for a number of years running . "
Alcohol - fuelled violence
The paramedics ' concerns have been presented in a submission to a Queensland parliamentary inquiry on alcohol - fuelled violence .
Mr Day says the problem has become so bad it is posing an " intolerable risk " to paramedics and pub patrons .
" More than 90 per cent of these assaults have been when there 's been alcohol and / or drugs involved , " he said .
" But the problem is that the violence is increasing and we need to do something to make sure people go home safe . "
He says there is also anecdotal evidence which suggests rising violence is turning people away from the ambulance service .
" A little more than 10 per cent of paramedics who have been assaulted actually need some form of psychological intervention to get back to work , " he said .
" So while it 's hard to say ' X number of people have left ' , we certainly believe that there 's a significant contributing factor here . "
Queensland Premier Anna Bligh says she understands the ambulance officers ' concerns about being attacked on the job and says she will consider their call for the ban .
" Obviously there are pros and cons to it .
I 'd like to talk to them more about it and we'd like to see some of the evidence but I welcome their contribution , " she said .
" They 're the guys out there on the front line often late at night when no - one else is and if they 've got something to offer , we 'll talk to them . "
Industry outrage
But general manager of the Chalk hotel in inner Brisbane , Jason Titman , says hoteliers are frustrated and outraged by the idea of a ban .
" I think we 've got to start getting some commonsense here and asking , ' where does it stop ? ' " he said .
" I think if we 're going to start going down the path of banning pool cues and glass ash trays , we 've really got to look at the credibility of our arguments here and what we 're trying to achieve .
" Because are we going to then start asking females to not wear high - heeled stilettos ?
Are we going to ban bar stools and tables so we 're all standing around ?
" And are we going to ask you to leave your keys outside the venue ?
To me , it 's absolutely absurd . "
The Chalk is taking legal action against patrons who were involved in a glassing attack last year .
Mr Titman says he wants to put the onus back on individual responsibility and he thinks that is better than multiple bans .
" You can't keep taking things away from people like that , " he said .
" What the industry and what I 've been advocating for a long while is individual responsibility .
If somebody plays up on a licensed premises then let 's ban them from any licensed premises for a long period of time .
" The Government , certainly with the global financial crisis out there , are desperate for money .
Instead of fining people $ 200 , $ 300 - which for a lot of people these days they do n't care about - let 's fine them $ 5,000 or $ 10,000 and say how serious we are .
" I mean , we 're saying these are serious offences , we 've all had enough of it but the legislators do n't seem to want it . "
Mr Titman says if Queensland continues banning things from pubs and clubs people will just stay away from them and so will the tourists .
Permaculture expert Penny Livingston - Stark explains how .
By observing basic permaculture concepts , we can create a more sustainable existence .
Ms. Livingston - Stark is also one of the co-founders of the Regenerative Design Institute in Bolinas , California .
SOMEWHERE OUTSIDE BALTIMORE , JUST BEFORE 7 A.M. --
Four kids , whose ages range from 1 to 7 , are snoozing in Matt and Adrianna Birk 's cramped bed .
They do n't know that their daddy could 've been a stockbroker on Wall Street , that a path of lesser resistance and stronger knees was waiting for him in his final months at Harvard .
They do n't know that crawling out of this bed will be one of the toughest things Birk does today .
No sick days .
That 's what Birk vowed when he made it to the NFL , that regardless of how he felt , he 'd still wrestle on the floor with his boys and chase his little girls around the soccer field .
And on this morning , there will be plenty of running .
Madison needs a ride to school , and Birk , a sturdy center who's in the final days of what the Baltimore Ravens hope is another playoff push , needs to mend a 33 - year - old body that spent part of Sunday pounding against a 345 - pound nose tackle in a cold , driving rain .
He 'll get little sympathy from his wife .
She 's eight months pregnant .
Birk pops one elbow , then the other , and fans his legs until his pelvic bone makes a cracking noise .
He takes a couple of deep breaths , and his feet hit the floor .
The first few steps are similar to tiptoeing through hot coals .
But it 'll get better ; it always gets better once he makes it to the bottom of the staircase .
It 's Monday , and time to start another week in the NFL .
Do n't talk about it
There is no way to write this without some collective eye rolls from the lower tax brackets of the world .
Sure , fellas , tell us about your aches and pains and your multimillion - dollar bank accounts .
Most players wo n't even talk about it , the price they pay , because in a league full of tough guys and a country with a 10 percent unemployment rate , it just comes across as whining .
The game flashes over the TV for three hours on Sunday afternoons , and the average fan heads to work Monday without much thought as to what happens next .
But when the camera lights dim , the next 48 hours reveal the true toll on an NFL player 's body and how everyday life can be difficult to navigate .
Throughout three separate conversations in which Birk reconstructed for ESPN.com what a typical Monday and Tuesday feel like for a veteran , he wanted to make a few things clear :
That he willingly signed up for this 12 years ago and has no complaints or regrets .
That he feels lucky to play the game he loves , make a great living and be surrounded by teammates who ultimately become close friends .
Their bond , in large part , is forged from the fact that they 're the only ones who know what they go through .
Ravens center Matt Birk is aware of the pain that probably lies ahead after years in the NFL .
Larry French / Getty Images
It 's a fraternity of long - term pain and lifelong consequences that are suppressed in a 17 - week , suck - it - up - and - play vacuum .
Pittsburgh Steelers receiver Hines
Ward reflected that culture earlier this month when he initially questioned Ben Roethlisberger sitting in the thick of the playoff hunt while the quarterback was still suffering lingering effects of another concussion .
Birk , who once donated $ 50,000 from one of his game checks to assist retired NFL veterans , is keenly aware of what might lie ahead for his body 10 years from now .
He just can't think about it .
In December , all a veteran thinks about is survival .
Can his body hold out for a few more weeks ?
Can he play the way he did in September ?
" Guys play the game for different reasons , " Birk says .
" One of them is the challenge , the physical challenge , the mental challenge , to see how much you can take .
How much you can withstand .
And it 's about developing that perseverance every week .
Getting your body and your mind ready to go .
" I mean , everybody 's sore .
Everyone who played yesterday is sore today .
That 's just part of the game , and you 're not going to last if you can't deal with it . "
Birk settles in with a cup of coffee on the Monday after the Lions game earlier this month , Victory Monday , which means the Ravens get the day off .
But it 's never really a day to relax .
His ankles , knees and fingers are sore .
His shoulder hurts .
That popped this morning , too .
When he got into his truck , he had to lower his head , which triggered a fairly constant pain in his neck .
Birk has spent various parts of the season on the injury report because of his neck but has n't missed a game in three seasons .
On Sundays , he says , the adrenaline is flowing and the pain disappears .
Mondays are the proverbial hangover , a time to assess the damage .
On this particular day , Birk says all is good .
He escaped the game with just a few cuts on his hand and a gash above his nose from his helmet .
That might affect his modeling career , he jokes .
Nothing will change his status for the next game .
Some weeks are worse than others .
When Birk goes up against Casey Hampton , the Steelers ' massive nose tackle , he always seems to feel a little worse on Monday .
One thing is certain :
The second half of the season seems to grind at a much slower and harsher pace .
If you 're lucky , you have a perfectly placed bye week at midseason .
If you 're smart , you do n't spend Monday in bed .
Birk always has been proactive when it comes to his body .
The day after a game , he heads into the Ravens ' facility to lift weights and " flush out " the toxins and soreness .
He stretches .
The Ravens have team chiropractors , and Birk takes advantage of the perk and usually sees them on Mondays .
" There 's a joke that somebody , some jackass -- usually me -- always says when you 're putting pads on that first day of training camp , " Birk says .
" They say , ' Remember how good you feel right now ?
It 's as good as you 're going to feel for seven months . ' "
It 's only a slight limp
The thing is , the Day After does n't affect just the graying veterans .
It hits just about every first - string player .
Barrett Ruud is only 26 years old , and he's been a starting linebacker for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers for a little more than three seasons .
Matt Birk says soreness is just part of the game , and " you 're not going to last if you can't deal with it . "
Elizabeth Merrill/ ESPN.com
But he feels significantly older from the cumulative toll of a 16 - game football season .
On Monday , hours after his team knocked off the New Orleans Saints , Ruud 's entire body ached .
His elbows have been sore for the past 10 weeks .
They seem to feel better only on Sundays .
The first series of the game against the Saints , Ruud took a shot to his knee .
The next day , he walked around with a slight limp .
Ask him how he feels , and Ruud says , " I 'd basically say I feel like Monday .
I feel like it 's a good Monday .
I do n't have any serious injuries , but I have a good soreness from a win .
If you 're not sore at all on Mondays , it usually means you did n't do a lot on Sunday . "
Ruud , at least , had fair warning .
His dad , Tom , played five seasons in the NFL .
And when Barrett was 4 years old , Tom handed him a golf club , not a football .
Tom Ruud is 56 and lumbers around with crushed vertebrae .
The longer you play , he says , the more trauma you inflict on your body .
" There 's always pain , " Tom says .
" That 's just part of the deal . "
Whenever he sits down to watch a football game , he does n't worry about just his son ; he worries about every player on the field .
But he knows Barrett is uber - body - conscious , with everything from massages to his strict diet .
The kid ate a greasy hamburger the other day .
It made him feel sluggish for two days .
Ruud knows what his body likes -- Mondays in the cold tub ; Tuesday rubdowns .
His body has delivered 446 tackles during the course of five NFL seasons .
Artificial surfaces , Ruud says , always seem to make him more sore .
He 's still rookie - fast on the field , but Ruud has noticed that it takes him longer now to feel better .
That 's why , like most players , Ruud is very interested in the talk of the NFL possibly expanding to a 17 - or 18 - game season .
He wonders what that would mean for the recovery process .
At the end of every season , Ruud takes about four weeks off , does basically nothing , then slowly weans himself back into a workout routine .
By the spring , he has recuperated enough to walk 18 holes and hang out at the pool in his hometown of Lincoln , Neb .
By two - a - days , he 's refreshed and ready to take more punishment .
" I grew up around a lot of college and NFL players , " Ruud says .
" I saw some of [ my dad 's ] best friends who had 15 or 16 surgeries .
The more I played and the higher up I got , I started asking questions .
" I do n't think there 's any doubt those guys had a lot more fun than we do now .
We can't go out and drink beers every night of the week and still feel good .
We 've got to be a little smarter . "
Cold weather contributes
When Birk pops various parts of his body every morning , he jokingly calls it " his body 's way of resetting itself . "
He compares playing in cold weather to starting an old car .
It takes a while for the older guys to get their joints warmed up and moving .
Dr. Neal ElAttrache , director of sports medicine at the Kerlan - Jobe Orthopaedic Clinic in Los Angeles , has more technical definitions of what is probably going on in Birk 's body .
As NFL players get older , they 're more likely to have arthritis in the joints they rely on so heavily .
Cold weather triggers arthritic pain .
ElAttrache is the team doctor for the Los Angeles Dodgers and worked with the Rams when the franchise was in Los Angeles .
He saw many a macho football player shrug off the pain as something a man deals with when he plays in the NFL .
ElAttrache has worked with many athletes from various sports , but he says professional football players are known to have some of the highest tolerances to pain .
It 's not like the movies , where a trainer shoots a player up with pain meds on Mondays to help get him through the week , ElAttrache says .
" That 's not a time to numb these guys out , " he says .
" On Mondays and Tuesdays , they 're going to be on anti-inflammatories .
What you 're typically doing is electrical stimulation , ice , massage .
Those kind of things help get the flexibility back so they 're not so stiff . "
Tuesdays are generally the worst days in terms of soreness , he says , because that 's when the joints become stiff and inflamed .
Tuesday is the official day off for players during the regular season .
" What 's very common is that their respect and their limitations to their pain are far different off the field than on the field , " ElAttrache says .
" When you 're getting ready for a big game , or even in practice , that adrenaline goes through you and tends to override the pain .
" Take that away , that sort of fight - or - flight mechanism , and you 're left with raw discomfort and a markedly less functional guy .
A guy walking on tiptoes or not at all . "
Will he be able to play with the kids ?
There are times during the offseason when Birk 's body is " healed " that someone will ask why he 's limping .
He does n't really have an answer ; he figures maybe it 's just a 33 - year - old football player 's normal gait .
Tampa Bay linebacker Barrett Ruud goes to the cold tub on Mondays , and gets rubdowns on Tuesdays .
AP Photo / Brian Blanco
In the fall , one of the most painful things he does has nothing to do with blocking .
It 's when he's on the floor , playing with his kids , and tries to pick himself up .
Birk wriggles and struggles and pushes with his arms and shoulders .
That 's when he feels the rigors of the NFL the most .
Sure , he thinks about it , when he 's away from the grind of the season and rolling around like a bear during playtime with his kids .
Will he be able toss a football to his sons when he 's 45 ?
Or simply bend over to pick it up off the grass ?
History tells him it could be a struggle .
Birk , who 's active in Gridiron Greats , a group that assists NFL retirees , runs into friends who limp and move about at an old man 's pace .
Some of those guys played alongside him in the late 1990s .
He vows that he wo n't let his sons play tackle football until they 're older .
It 's too violent for a 10 - year - old , he says .
And he does n't think that pain , so young , is necessary .
Yet Birk is a recipient of it every week , and he still wants to keep playing until his body tells him he can't .
It might not make sense .
But it 's clear to the players .
" You get so much from the game , " Birk says .
" The camaraderie , the friends you make .
You do n't mind having to pay that price because you get so much out of it .
" I 've been pretty lucky , and medicine 's always progressing .
Things are always getting better .
Am I going to feel like maybe running marathons ?
Probably not .
That 's OK .
I do n't worry about it .
I 'm not going to let this stuff slow me down .
It 's kind of like mind over matter .
If you do n't mind , it does n't matter . "
Elizabeth Merrill is a senior writer for ESPN.com .
She can be reached at merrill2323@hotmail.com .
A Sydney woman has admitted stabbing her 18 - year - old sister to death in a fight over a pair of hair straighteners .
Kathleen Worrall , 20 , was charged with murdering her sister Susan in their Strathfield home in October 2008 .
Susan died after being stabbed in the neck .
Kathleen Worrall was charged over her death later that day and has been in custody ever since .
In the NSW Supreme Court today , she pleaded not guilty to murder .
But the prosecutor told the court the Crown was accepting her plea of guilty to the lesser charge of manslaughter .
She will be sentenced on March 26 next year .
- ABC/AAP
Can we have some science reporting with integrity , please ?
For the ONDCP , lying is more than just a means to an end , it ’s a way of life » More bad OpEds
You know you love ’em .
You love to trash ’em .
Sure , some of you complain that I even give space to these ravings , but I figure it ’s part of our entertainment .
First up , from The Olympian in Washington is Jill Wellock with Marijuana Saps Initiative , Ambition and Responsibility She starts out with the obligatory proof - by - example fallacy :
In eighth grade my friend started hanging out behind the portables with the stoners , which was weird because she was the school ’s star softball pitcher .
She could swing her arm around so fast that I thought it might dislocate and fly off toward the bleachers .
She smoked pot before school every day .
Before long she started missing practice , which did n’t matter once her grades failed and she could n’t play softball .
She had spent years perfecting that pitch .
My friend and I attended different high schools , but I saw her at the end of freshman year at the mall , about 20 pounds heavier , with greasy hair and dirty clothes .
I asked a guy from her school what had happened , and he just said , “ Burn out . ”
Gateway drug marijuana is now legal , used medicinally in Washington and 12 other states , with 15 states pending legislation for its medicinal use .
Yep .
Because her friend followed a particular course , that will be true of every person who smokes marijuana .
Barack Obama ?
Burnout .
Carl Sagan ?
Burnout .
Willie Nelson ?
Burnout .
Michael Phelps ?
Burnout .
See , I can use examples , too .
Based on that approach , I can argue that everyone who smokes marijuana will win multiple gold medals in the Olympics .
Wellock ’s other argument is that legalization will cause everyone to work stoned .
Most users likely work .
If demand is so high that comedian Jay Leno framed a whole joke segment around the new medical marijuana industry on Dec. 3 , then Californians can expect to encounter a lot of high workers .
Drivers , too . [ … ]
Consider marijuana ’s effects on workers who multitask , or who safeguard others .
How about the staff at your child ’s day care ?
Bus drivers ?
Construction workers ?
No one wants their ER phlebotomist to smoke a joint before an IV start , but if Washington state follows California ’s lead in legalizing dispensaries , health care facilities – and all businesses – will have to drug test workers with frequent signs of fatigue and red eyes .
What an image .
Phlebotomists smoking joints .
And day care / bus drivers — you knew there had to be some kind of “ What about the children ? ” reference .
Apparently , it ’s OK if your phlebotomist chugs a bottle of Jack Daniels before drawing your blood or if the day care has a kegger .
Interesting . …
Next up is a student OpEd in the Orion – Chico State ’s Independent Student Newspaper .
James Jelenko has Legal weed problems :
Both sides take an all - or - nothing approach to marijuana legalization
He takes a rather unusual approach in his OpEd .
He ’s doing that Journalism 101 thing of “ it ’s not black - or - white and the truth is somewhere in the middle ” — an academically sound approach to journalistic investigation , but not to writing an OpEd , unless you can actually demonstrate that premise .
Note how he sets off the two sides :
The debate surrounding the legalization of marijuana is like a twisted NASCAR race .
One machine — filled with pungent smoke and long - haired freaky people — blazes toward an ashy world constructed almost entirely of hemp byproducts .
Another , piloted by Gil Kerlikowske , the chief of the Office of National Drug Control Policy , moves in the opposite direction toward a drug - free nation where marijuana simply does n’t exist .
Ah yes , the “ long - haired freaky people ” ( if you ’re wondering why that phrase is sticking in your head , it ’s probably because of the song “ Signs ” by Five Man Electrical Band ) .
It would be interesting to see how he ’d react if he met some members of LEAP .
Of course , he throws in some obligatory pot “ jokes . ”
Both sides are stuck to their perspectives like a stoner stuck to a couch .
But if any headway is going to be made on this issue , it needs to be a joint effort .
He actually scores some points against the prohibitionists ( mention of the Compassionate IND program , for example ) , but his entire actual slam of the legalization side is :
The pro-legalization advocates claim marijuana has enormous medical potential , but conveniently ignore or refute the plain and simple argument that it is still a drug and has negative side - effects .
Huh ?
First of all , if we actually refuted it , then it ’s not true .
If it ’s true , then it ’s just like any other drug with enormous medical potential .
And if we ignored it , that does n’t change the truth of the claim .
What I really love is why he ’s so upset by the fact that the two sides wo n’t compromise .
The problem with this status - quo is that taxpayers — many of whom have little or no opinion when it comes to the legalization of marijuana — get stuck footing the bill for this ideologically - charged debate .
When it comes to governmental action , nothing happens for free .
There are many wheels in the machine of government and each one of them needs greasing .
Every time legalization , decriminalization — or any other type of bill — goes to Congress for a vote , someone has to pay for it .
If the conversation were going anywhere , I ’d be fine with providing financial support because that is the responsibility of a citizen .
However , it seems that whenever the issue arises , both sides try to bogart the conversation instead of listening and working together .
Congress just passed $ 2 billion for the DEA for one year without debate , and he ’s worried about the cost of all the votes Congress is having regarding legalization and decriminalization ?
Did I miss something on C - Span ? …
For some real discussions — well thought - out substantive ones about drug policy , stay away from the OpEds , and instead proceed directly to the comments section of this blog , where the best discussions are going on right now .
If you ’re only reading the blog entries here , you ’re missing a lot .
Jim Burroway
BTB has just learned that the Rwandan Parliament is scheduled to take up consideration of a change to Rwanda ’s penal code which would criminalize homosexuality with a punishment of five to ten years .
It would also ban counselling and advocacy that could be interpreted as “ encouraging or sensitizing ” people to enter into same - sex relationships .
The problematic section in the penal code is article 217 which states that :
Any person who practices , encourages or sensitizes people of the same sex , to sexual relation or any sexual practice , shall be liable for a term of imprisonment ranging from five ( 5 ) to ten ( 10 ) years and fine ranging from Two Hundred thousand Rwanda Francs ( 200.000 RwF ) to one million ( 1,000,000 ) Rwanda francs . ”
The fines range from US $ 350 to US$ 1750 .
The average annual income is just US$ 370 .
One key phrase of the proposed penal code , “ encourages or sensitizes , ” would have the effect of criminalizing advocacy on behalf of LGBT people .
It would also severely impact the ability to deliver health services to LGBT people .
The Horizon Community Association of Rwanda ( HOCA ) and the Coalition of African Lesbians ( CAL ) have denounced the bill ( PDF : 56KB/3 pages ) , saying that Rwandan citizens still experience gross violations of human rights .
“ Our country and our people refuse to recognize the fact that we exist , ” said Naomi Ruzindana , President of HOCA .
“ As far as they are concerned , there are no lesbians or gays in Rwanda .
Well , we are here , we exist .
We are ordinary people like everyone and all we want is for our people and our government to recognize our existence and the fact that it is our basic human right to live our lives the way that we want and choose . ”
The Rwandan Parliament will also consider another section of the Penal code that would criminalize sex workers in the country .
Saddleback Pastor Rick Warren designated Rwanda “ a purpose - driven nation ” in 2005 .
In in 2007 the President of Rwanda , Paul Kagame , supported a law criminalizing homosexuality .
Last week , Warren condemmed Uganda ’s proposal to further criminalize homosexuality , saying , “ I oppose the criminalization of homosexuality .
The freedom to make moral choices is endowed by God.
Since God gives us that freedom , we must protect it for all , even when we disagree with their choices . ”
While he addressed his video encyclical to Ugandan pastors , he also said of Rwanda :
While we have just begun to train pastors in Uganda , we are very involved in Rwanda , creating a nationwide PEACE Plan at the invitation of the churches there .
Over 1,000 Saddleback members have served on humanitarian projects in Rwanda .
If Warren is serious about opposing the criminalization of homoseuxality , he should engage his nationwide Rwandan PEACE Plan to put a stop to this bill .
And send a personal copy of his video encyclical to his friend , President Kagame .
Each line of this AraNet network represents a functional link between two genes .
The colors indicate the strength of the link using a red - blue heat map scheme .
The image includes about 100,000 functional links made among about 10,000 Arabidopsis genes .
Credit : Image courtesy Sue Rhee
Scientists have created a new computational model that can be used to predict gene function of uncharacterized plant genes with unprecedented speed and accuracy .
The network , dubbed AraNet , has over 19,600 genes associated to each other by over 1 million links and can increase the discovery rate of new genes affiliated with a given trait tenfold .
It is a huge boost to fundamental plant biology and agricultural research .
Despite immense progress in functional characterization of plant genomes , over 30 % of the 30,000 Arabidopsis genes have not been functionally characterized yet .
Another third has little evidence regarding their role in the plant .
" In essence , AraNet is based on the simple idea that genes that physically reside in the same neighborhood , or turn on in concert with one another are probably associated with similar traits , " explained corresponding author Sue Rhee at the Carnegie Institution 's Department of Plant Biology .
" We call it guilt by association .
Based on over 50 million scientific observations , AraNet contains over 1 million linkages of the 19,600 genes in the tiny , experimental mustard plant Arabidopsis thaliana .
We made a map of the associations and demonstrated that we can use the network to propose that uncharacterized genes are linked to specific traits based on the strength of their associations with genes already known to be linked to those characteristics . "
The network allows for two main types of testable hypotheses .
The first uses a set of genes known to be involved in a biological process such as stress responses , as a " bait " to find new genes ( " prey " ) involved in stress responses .
The bait genes are linked to each other based on over 24 different types of experiments or computations .
If they are linked to each other much more frequently or strongly than by chance , one can hypothesize that other genes that are as well linked to the bait genes have a high probability of being involved in the same process .
The second testable hypothesis is to predict functions for uncharacterized genes .
There are 4,479 uncharacterized genes in AraNet that have links to ones that have been characterized , so a significant portion of all the unknowns now get a new hint as to their function .
The scientists tested the accuracy of AraNet with computational validation tests and laboratory experiments on genes that the network predicted as related .
The researchers selected three uncharacterized genes .
Two of them exhibited phenotypes that AraNet predicted .
One is a gene that regulates drought sensitivity , now named Drought sensitive 1 ( Drs1 ) .
The other regulates lateral root development , called Lateral root stimulator 1 ( Lrs1 ) .
The researchers found that the network is much stronger forecasting correct associations than previous small - scale networks of Arabidopsis genes .
" Plants , animals and other organisms share a surprising number of the same or similar genes — particularly those that arose early in evolution and were retained as organisms differentiated over time , " commented a lead and corresponding author Insuk Lee at Yonsei University of South Korea .
" AraNet not only contains information from plant genes , it also incorporates data from other organisms .
We wanted to know how much of the system 's accuracy was a result of plant data versus non-plant derived data .
We found that although the plant linkages provided most of the predictive power , the non-plant linkages were a significant contributor . "
" AraNet has the potential to help realize the promise of genomics in plant engineering and personalized medicine , " remarked Rhee .
" A main bottleneck has been the huge portion of genes with unknown function , even in model organisms that have been studied intensively .
We need innovative ways of discovering gene function and AraNet is a perfect example of such innovation .
" Food security is no longer taken for granted in the fast - paced milieu of the changing climate and globalized economy of the 21st century .
Innovations in the basic understanding of plants and effective application of that knowledge in the field are essential to meet this challenge .
Numerous genome - scale projects are underway for several plant species .
However , new strategies to identify candidate genes for specific plant traits systematically by leveraging these high - throughput , genome - scale experimental data are lagging .
AraNet integrates all such data and provides a rational , statistical assessment of the likelihood of genes functioning in particular traits , thereby assisting scientists to design experiments to discover gene function .
AraNet will become an essential component of the next - generation plant research . "
The research is published in the January 31st Nature Biotechnology .
Explore further Midget plant gets makeover
Provided by Carnegie Institution
THE Australian pilot whose light plane crashed in Papua New Guinea , killing six passengers , is known as " Captain Cautious " , his son said yesterday .
Richard Leahy was carrying four adults and two children – all PNG citizens – in the Cessna on Wednesday when the engine failed over mountainous terrain in Morobe Province , on the north - west coast .
Richard Leahy ... a very experienced pilot .
Mr Leahy , 68 , who runs local airline Kiunga Aviation , was rescued by a helicopter after sending out a mayday call .
He was airlifted to Royal Brisbane Hospital late on Wednesday with a fractured spine and third - degree burns to the lower half of his body .
He underwent surgery yesterday and remains in a critical but stable condition .
His son , Nick Leahy , said his father started flying at the age of 18 and had been a pilot in PNG for 40 years .
The figures were published to mark the iPlayer 's second birthday
BBC Two show Top Gear was the most watched programme of the year on BBC iPlayer , figures show .
The first episodes of series 13 and 14 of the car magazine show were streamed 1.7 m and 1.3 m times respectively .
The figures have been published to mark the second birthday of the iPlayer on Christmas Day .
November saw a record 88.2 m requests for BBC TV and radio programmes , bringing the total number of requests for content to 729.2m .
Viewing patterns
" These figures show people are making the most of the choice they now have , " Erik Huggers , the BBC 's director of future media and technology said .
" Whether it 's watching EastEnders on your PC during your lunch break , listening to Desert Island Discs on the bus or watching Mock The Week in bed , viewing patterns change depending on the time and location of the audience . "
The iPlayer is now available on more than 20 different devices including games consoles and mobile phones .
The new data provides an insight into how users differ depending on the platform they use .
Mac and PS3 users prefer comedy shows like Mock The Week , while PC and Virgin Media users are more keen on drama , with EastEnders and Waking The Dead proving more popular .
More people also tend to watch content after 9 pm and on Saturday and Sunday mornings .
This Christmas sees a range of films available on iPlayer including The Incredibles , Pirates Of The Caribbean : At World 's End and the Oscar - winning La Vie En Rose .
The Strictly Come Dancing Christmas special , The Queen 's Christmas message and David Tennant 's final outing in Doctor Who will also be available to watch .
Meanwhile , Doctor
Who has achieved a record primetime audience for BBC America , the channel has confirmed .
The Waters of Mars , which was broadcast in the US on Saturday attracted 1.1 million viewers .
It is the first of three Doctor Who specials airing on Saturday nights on BBC America , culminating in Tennant 's farewell show on 2 January .
You see the word " organic " thrown around everywhere these days — whether it's on food , clothing , beauty products , and more .
But what does it actually mean to call something organic ?
The U.S. Department of Agriculture National Organic Standards
Board defines the term as this :
" Organic " is a labeling term that denotes products produced under the authority of the Organic Foods Production Act .
The principal guidelines for organic production are to use materials and practices that enhance the ecological balance of natural systems and that integrate the parts of the farming system into an ecological whole .
Okay ...
So what does that definition actually mean for you ?
Here 's what you really need to know about buying and eating organic food .
What exactly does organic mean ?
To label a food as organic , it must meet the guidelines set by the USDA .
These include :
Not using prohibited substances ( most synthetic fertilizers and pesticides ) for three years prior to harvest
Not using genetically modified organisms ( GMOs )
Raising animals in living conditions accommodating their natural behaviors ( like grazing on pasture ) , feeding them 100 % organic food , and not administering antibiotics or hormones
Omitting artificial preservatives , colors , or flavors from multi-ingredient , processed foods with some exceptions , like baking soda in baked goods
Organic agricultural production still uses pesticides and herbicides that USDA 's organic certification standards have okayed .
Just because something is labeled " organic " does not mean that no pesticides or herbicides were used .
It simply means that the ones applied met the USDA 's production standards for the term .
The definition of organic also limits the use of " genetically modified organisms . "
GMO crops have been genetically altered to withstand the application of herbicides and pesticides — chemicals that protect harvests from viruses and bugs .
The introduction of GMOs into the food supply sparked a debate over their health and environmental implications .
Anything bearing the USDA Organic Seal is automatically non-GMO .
What does organic food mean ?
USDA
Contrary to popular belief , organic food relates back to agricultural production , not a specific nutrition - or health - related guideline .
For a product to carry the USDA organic label , a third party must verify at least 95 % of the ingredients as organic .
The phrase " made with organic ingredients " means at least 70 % of the ingredients used counted as organic .
Foods can still be organic even if they 're not labeled as such .
Since the standard requires third - party verification , there 's a cost associated with the certification process .
Food companies must consistently provide back - up documentation in order to use the " USDA Organic " seal .
That makes it less desirable to smaller or newer brands that use organic production practices , but do n't want to incur the costs of verification .
Is organic food really better ?
Despite controversial headlines about this labeling claim , the agricultural practice used to produce food does not determine how nutritious it is for you , nor does it directly impact your state of health .
Case in point : Organic cane sugar is still sugar .
The nutrients you 'll find within the food are what , over time , predominantly affect your health — not the growing methods used to make it .
Also , organic products will cost more than their non-organic counterparts , which is a critical consideration for most of us on a budget .
There 's also the question of whether or not genetically modifying crops are harmful to health .
But to date , there 's no substantial data to imply that GMO crops available on the consumer market pose a direct risk .
Tonic Photo Studios Getty Images
Does organic mean healthy ?
Short answer ?
No .
Growing methods do not universally make foods better or worse for you nutritionally .
This is especially true when you consider eating a balanced diet overall .
For example , USDA Organic beef is grass - fed , which implies that you 'll find slightly more omega - 3 fatty acids in it compared to conventionally raised cattle .
But if you 're also regularly consuming seafood , then you 're already getting the omega - 3's you need .
When you see alarmist headline about a specific pesticide used in conventional agriculture , it 's almost always talking about exposure through proximity ( i.e. , field work ) , not ingesting the foods we eat .
Some population studies show a correlation between buying organic food and better health , but it 's important to consider the other factors that buying organic implies , including lifestyle and socioeconomic status .
Since there 's no specific , isolated link between the two , we simply cannot use the term " organic " to imply " healthy " — despite the fact that it 's often marketed as such .
As for GMOs and your health ?
The most recent and comprehensive National Academy of Sciences report states that although genetically modified crops may vary in nutritional composition , the variation is no more than what would occur naturally among non-GMO crops .
The report also analyzed data from large - scale studies since GMOs entered the food supply in the '90s , but did not find any associations with chronic disease incidence and dietary patterns .
The biggest issue with GMOs from a nutritional standpoint is the products in which they ’re usually found : highly processed foods and beverages .
The most predominant GMO crops — corn and soybeans — can go in packaged foods loaded with added sugar ( e.g. , sugary beverages made with corn syrup ) and saturated fat .
Is anything really organic ?
In food , yes .
That 's because the USDA requires companies to follow certain agricultural practices before getting verified .
But in other types of products , that 's not necessarily the case .
The Bottom Line :
While we still do n't know everything about GMOs and organic growing practices , there is one thing about this debate I can say with confidence :
It 's more important to know exactly what foods are wholesome , nutritious , and health - promoting overall rather than focusing on a specific label claim .
Jaclyn London , MS , RD , CDN , Good Housekeeping Institute Director , Nutrition Lab A registered dietitian with a Bachelor of Arts degree from Northwestern University and a Master of Science degree in Clinical Nutrition from New York University , Jaclyn “ Jackie ” London handles all of Good Housekeeping ’s nutrition - related content , testing , and evaluation .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Speak to Jack and other listeners !
( a separate show from numbered shows to the left )
Live shows are currently on hiatus .
In the
meantime , listen to Jack debate Jenn from www.screwliberals.com
Debate
From the publisher ’s website :
While both lawyers and psychologists have been aware of the role of stereotypes in discrimination , there is little literature addressing the legal status of stereotypes as gender discrimination .
Gender Stereotyping makes a substantial contribution to the field by bringing the insights of psychology to bear on the legal approaches in a sophisticated way . ” : Susan Williams , Walter W. Foskett Professor of Law , Indiana University
Drawing on domestic and international law , as well as on judgments given by courts and human rights treaty bodies , Gender Stereotyping offers perspectives on ways gender stereotypes might be eliminated through the transnational legal process in order to ensure women ’s equality and the full exercise of their human rights .
A leading international framework for debates on the subject of stereotypes , the Convention of the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women , was adopted in 1979 by the UN General Assembly and defines what constitutes discrimination against women .
It also establishes an agenda to eliminate discrimination in all its forms in order to ensure substantive equality for women .
Applying the Convention as the primary framework for analysis , this book provides essential strategies for eradicating gender stereotyping .
Its proposed methodology requires naming operative gender stereotypes , identifying how they violate the human rights of women , and articulating states ’ obligations to eliminate and remedy these violations .
According to Rebecca J. Cook and Simone Cusack , in order to abolish all forms of discrimination against women , priority needs to be given to the elimination of gender stereotypes .
While stereotypes affect both men and women , they can have particularly egregious effects on women , often devaluing them and assigning them to subservient roles in society .
As the legal perspectives offered in Gender Stereotyping demonstrate , treating women according to restrictive generalizations instead of their individual needs , abilities , and circumstances denies women their human rights and fundamental freedoms .
Retro ? Necro ?
Oh yes , Turbo !
Posted byon January 25 , 2010
Most people who write about Turbo Pascal start with their memorials about its appearance and their experience with it .
I can't pattern them , since Turbo Pascal 1.0 is exactly two years older than I am , so I used only 7.0 version , followed by Delphi .
I 'll have to approach this topic from opposite direction and tell you how Turbo Pascal looks from the modern point of view , for a person who was raised on modern IDEs and turns to Turbo Pascal with purely exploratory purposes .
So , let 's have a look at year 1983 and Turbo Pascal 1.0 ...
Turbo Pascal 1.0
1. Installation
TP 1.0 , as well as next versions up to 4.0 inclusive , is installed by simple copying to hard drive .
It can be used without installation at all , if unzipped distribution is stored on a floppy disk .
Directory in which the compiler is stored is considered to be working directory .
Versions 1.0 - 3.0 do n't use libraries , so " installation " takes exactly one operation .
It is possible to tune screen parameters and editor commands separately , but this is not required for work .
Turbo Pascal 4.0 introduced the concept of program units , i.e. , libraries which could be compiled separately and used later .
Thus it provided means to change working directory and directory of included libraries .
By the way , most versions of TP are created for DOS ( except for versions up to 3.0 which had CP / M editions ) , so they support only " 8.3 " format for naming files and directories .
This is one of those things which are known theoretically but come as a surprise when you encounter them practically .
Versions 5.5 and later present install .exe utility which allows to automate installation process , including setting directories .
2. Distribution
TP 1.0 distribution takes 131 Kb and can be stored on one 5 ' floppy disk ( well , if you have one ) .
It has nothing superfluous : user manual is provided as a separate paper book , so the distribution contains only file error.doc , which lists only short " Getting started " and FAQ sections and several corrections to paper manual .
By the way , this is where one more pattern of modern programmer is inapplicable : .doc is NOT MS Word file but a text file with certain document , as well as .hlp is NOT a specialized help file in corresponding format but a text file with certain help .
Each following version of TP its distribution increases both in size and in quantity and variety of its files .
Version Date appeared Size , Kb Number of files Number of examples Size of compiled " Hello , World ! " program , bytes 1.0 20 Nov 1983 131 10 1 8805 ( com ) 2.0 17 Apr 1984 164 18 5 10078 ( com ) 3.0 17 Sep 1986 335 31 14 11412 ( com ) 4.0 02 Nov 1987 980 69 24 1968 ( exe ) 5.0 1988 1 270 26 0 1840 ( exe ) 5.5 02 May 1989 1 680 119 54 1840 ( exe ) 6.0 04 Oct 1990 2 880 172 84 1934 ( exe ) 7.0 09 Mar 1993 23 383 532 - 2208 ( exe )
Since version 5.5 distribution structure changed : now it contains a limited set of necessary files ( the compiler itself ) and several archives with optional add-ins : descriptions of language and IDE , utilities , set of examples etc .
The table lists sizes of fully installed IDEs .
3. IDE
In TP 1.0 ( as well as in TP 2.0 and TP 3.0 ) the environment is organized as text - based menu , with commands chosen by pressing hot keys .
Turbo Pascal 2.0
Turbo Pascal 3.0
In edit mode the edited file is opened separately , and program compilation and execution become possible only after the programmer returns from edit mode back to main menu .
This allows to run all development cycle while staying within the IDE ( and combining files editor , compiler and linker in one IDE was a great news at that time ) , but looks quite unusual for modern programmer .
Thus , for example , one can't edit two files in row without quitting the IDE , not to mention editing several files simultaneously .
Though for a brand - new project that consists of one file changing the work file is more of luxury than of necessity .
The editor itself is uncommon as well .
All commands are given using combinations of several keys ( same as hot keys in modern editors ) , but keys combinations are based on commands of WordStar editor , which differ from modern default values drastically .
Thus , for example , one can enter edit mode simply by pressing " E " and entering the name of wanted file , but quitting from edit mode to main menu is much trickier .
I 've tried lots of commands from modern " default " , but to find out the correct Ctrl - K - D I had to find the manual .
By the way , Borland has released free of charge as antique software ( http://community.borland.com/museum/) only versions 1.0 , 3.0 and 5.5 themselves but not manuals for them .
The manuals were to be purchased as paper books along with the distribution , so they acted as a kind of protection against unauthorized copying .
That 's why I found only scanned manual for 3.0 version , which is pretty similar to 1.0 .
Till version 3.0 appearance and capabilities of the IDE stayed nearly the same , but then ...
Turbo Pascal 4.0
Turbo Pascal 4.0 is the first version to provide a full - screen editor interface with drop - down menu on the top and output and the list of hot keys at the bottom of the screen .
Menu commands can be accessed without hot keys , using only cursor control buttons .
Since this version programs started compiling to .exe files instead of .com ones .
Turbo Pascal 5.0
Next version was Turbo Pascal 5.0 , which is sometimes forgotten and omitted from the version list , though it was the first one to provide built - in debugger .
Turbo Pascal 5.5
Turbo Pascal 5.5 introduces the customary blue interface , distinctive for all later Turbo products .
This version provides next major improvement of the series - support for object - oriented programming .
In Turbo Pascal 6.0 the IDE is expanded with next feature - mouse support .
Besides , it provides Turbo Vision - a library for developing applications with complicated visual interface , which was the beginning of evolution of modern GUI development systems .
Syntax highlight ( it 's hard to imagine a modern IDE without it ) appears as late as Turbo Pascal 7.0 , which was shipped as part of Borland Pascal 7.0 or separately .
Turbo Pascal 7.0
One more difference between early versions of Turbo Pascal and modern IDEs is the limited debugging capabilities of the environment .
If there are errors in the code , TP 1.0 notifies the programmer about the first error ( and its nature , if one does n't save on memory and uploads error texts ) and forwards him on the erroneous line in edit mode .
That 's all .
One compile fixes one error , not to mention step - by - step debug ( which appears only in 5.0 ) .
However , this is an arguable flaw , since some errors are generated by earlier ones , so with fast enough compiler ( and TP is fast ) it 's better to fix one error and recompile than to follow each error at the same time .
4. Created projects
The part I really liked about TP series ( unlike most modern IDEs ) is the minimalism of created projects , which lasts till the last version .
1 project = 1 source code file + 1 executable file ( .com or .exe ) .
Personally I feel annoyed with the quantity of directories and files created by , say , Visual Studio for a simple console application ( " Hello , World ! " in C++ takes 22 files and 3 subdirectories ) .
blog comments powered by Disqus
The real story behind the world of sales .
This is a realistic portrayal of what it is to try making a life in high pressure sales with all its highs and lows ; promises of fortunes and deliveries of dross .
Red -leads and dead - leads are to blame for life 's outcomes .
Living with " Objection , Rebuttal , Close " .
Written by kgdm -400- 333534
TRENTON 
The New Jersey Legislature approved a measure on Monday that would make the state the 14th in the nation , but one of the few on the East Coast , to legalize the use of marijuana to help patients with chronic illnesses .
The measure  which would allow patients diagnosed with severe illnesses like cancer , AIDS , Lou Gehrig ’s disease , muscular dystrophy and multiple sclerosis to have access to marijuana grown and distributed through state - monitored dispensaries  was passed by the General Assembly and State Senate on the final day of the legislative session .
Gov. Jon S. Corzine has said he would sign it into law before leaving office next Tuesday .
Supporters said that within nine months , patients with a prescription for marijuana from their doctors should be able to obtain it at one of six locations .
“ It ’s nice to finally see a day when democracy helps heal people , ” said Charles Kwiatkowski , 38 , one of dozens of patients who rallied at the State House before the vote and broke into applause when the lawmakers approved the measure .
Accretion Disk ( Image 2 )
An artist 's conception of the accretion disk in the binary star system WZ Sagittae ( WZ Sge ) .
[ A previous version is available Here .
This new concept was created using data from Kitt Peak National Observatory ( KPNO ) and NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope .
The picture reveals a larger , thicker disk of cool dusty material surrounding much of the gaseous accretion disk .
A small piece of the cool , orange companion star is seen on the left .
The hot , white dwarf star is seen in the center of the accretion disk .
Material from the cool stars flows into the accretion disk and then onto the white dwarf .
More about this Image
Observations of an interacting binary star using telescopes at KPNO and NASA 's Spitzer Telescope suggest that the disks of hot gas that accumulate around a wide variety of astronomical objects -- from white dwarf stars in energetic binary systems to super - massive black holes at the hearts of active galaxies -- are likely to be much larger than previously believed .
The target of this specific investigation , named WZ Sge , is an interacting binary star located in the constellation Sagitta , the arrow of the archer Sagittarius .
As part of a program , called the Spitzer - NOAO Observing Program for Teachers and Students , Steve B. Howell of the National Optical Astronomy Observatory and a team of astronomers and educators imaged WZ Sge using the National Science Foundation 's 2.1 - meter telescope and the WIYN 0.9 - meter telescope , both located at KPNO ; and the infrared array camera ( IRAC ) on the Spitzer .
Interacting binary stars such as WZ Sge contain a white dwarf star ( a compact star about the size of the Earth , but with a mass near that of the sun ) and a larger but less massive and much cooler companion star .
The companion star has material ripped off its surface by the stronger gravity of the white dwarf .
The material flows toward the white dwarf and forms a disk that surrounds it called an accretion disk .
Whether they form in cataclysmic variable systems or they surround the massive black - hole hearts of active galaxies , accretion disks have been well observed and modeled using measurements obtained across much of the electromagnetic spectrum , from X - rays to the near - infrared .
The derived picture of the " standard accretion disk " model is a geometrically thin disk of gaseous material surrounding the white dwarf or black hole .
Howell 's team obtained the first time - series observations of an accretion disk system at 4.5 and 8 microns with the Spitzer .
At nearly the same time , they obtained optical observations of WZ Sge at KPNO .
The optical observations confirmed the standard view of the accretion disk size and temperature .
The mid-infrared observations , however , were completely unexpected and revealed that a larger , thicker disk of cool dusty material surrounds much of the gaseous accretion disk .
This outer dust disk likely contains as much mass as a medium - sized asteroid .
The newly discovered outer disk extends about 20 times the radius of the gaseous disk .
The implications from such a discovery are far reaching , affecting not only the theoretical models ( since the formation and evolution of the disks are modeled based on their size , temperature and composition - - all quantities that now need to be revised ) , but also nearly all previous observations of systems containing accretion disks .
Credit : P. Marenfeld / NOAO / AURA / National Science Foundation
See other images like this on your iPhone or iPad download NSF Science Zone on the Apple App Store .
General Restrictions :
Images and other media in the National Science Foundation Multimedia Gallery are available for use in print and electronic material by NSF employees , members of the media , university staff , teachers and the general public .
All media in the gallery are intended for personal , educational and nonprofit / non - commercial use only .
Images credited to the National Science Foundation , a federal agency , are in the public domain .
The images were created by employees of the United States Government as part of their official duties or prepared by contractors as " works for hire " for NSF .
You may freely use NSF - credited images and , at your discretion , credit NSF with a " Courtesy : National Science Foundation " notation .
Additional information about general usage can be found in
Images and other media in the National Science Foundation Multimedia Gallery are available for use in print and electronic material by NSF employees , members of the media , university staff , teachers and the general public .
All media in the gallery are intended for personal , educational and nonprofit / non - commercial use only .
Images credited to the National Science Foundation , a federal agency , are in the public domain .
The images were created by employees of the United States Government as part of their official duties or prepared by contractors as " works for hire " for NSF .
You may freely use NSF - credited images and , at your discretion , credit NSF with a " Courtesy : National Science Foundation " notation .
Additional information about general usage can be found in Conditions
Also Available :
Download the high - resolution JPG version of the image .
( 7.5 MB )
Use your mouse to right - click ( Mac users may need to Ctrl - click ) the link above and choose the option that will save the file or target to your computer .
Here 's a quiz .
What 's the worst thing on the table at the U.N. Climate Control Conference in Copenhagen from December 7 to December 18 ?
If you guessed cap - and - tax , you 're wrong .
The reparations could be much , much worse .
The draft of the treaty encompasses 181 pages and recites that it shall be the obligation of developed countries ( Europe , United States , Japan , Australia , etc. ) to pay the developing countries ( China , India , Africa , etc. ) huge reparations in the form of annual sums to erase poverty and to share technology .
Australian lawyer Janet Albrechtsen explains the most recent draft of the treaty :
Clause after complicated clause sets out the requirement that developed countries such as Australia pay their " adaptation debt " to developing countries .
Clause 33 on page 39 says that by 2020 the scale of financial flows to support adaptation in developing countries must be at least $ US67 billion ( $ 73bn ) , or in the range of $ US70bn to $ US140 bn a year .
How developed countries will pay is far from clear .
The draft text sets out various alternatives , including Option 7 on page 135 , which provides for " a ( global ) levy of 2 per cent on international financial market ( monetary ) transactions to Annex I Parties " .
This means industrialized countries such as Australia , if we sign .
In the behind - the - scenes negotiations , the developed countries have already agreed to pay $ 167 billion per year , but the developing countries are holding out for $ 400 billion per year , according to BusinessGreen.com :
Developing nations ... are insisting on a minimum of £ 242bn [ $ 400 billion ] per annum by 2020 to help them fight global warming , compared with the developed world 's offer of only £ 100 bn [ $ 167 billion ] per year .
It is not clear what share will come from the United States .
But based upon the totals cited by BusinessGreen , it can be safely assumed that Obama will volunteer somewhere between $ 50 and $ 200 billion per year by 2020 as the U.S. share .
The treaty has been complicated by the " Climategate " scandal , which gives additional evidence of the unscientific behavior of the proponents of reducing carbon dioxide emissions , which is the backbone of the treaty .
The scientific consensus that once backed the man -made global warming theory has disappeared , and a new theory , based upon cosmic rays and solar activity , is proving to be much more predictive of climate change -- with carbon dioxide playing a minor role , if any .
If the science backing the Copenhagen treaty is wrong , we shall discover in ten to fifty years that the world community has wasted tens of trillions of dollars .
Moreover , the distribution of the benefits and costs of global warming is very uncertain .
Global warming would benefit colder countries while harming coastal countries .
And carbon dioxide is in general a great help to plant life and agricultural production in general .
The costs of the treaty , however , are far clearer .
The largest share of the burden would be borne by the United States .
Students of history may remember that the reparations forced upon Germany by the victors of World War I resulted in hyperinflation , destroyed the German middle class , and eventually brought Adolf Hitler to power , causing World War II .
Economist John Maynard Keynes predicted this disaster at the time .
In a 1919 paper ( " The Capacity of Germany to Pay Reparations " ) he correctly predicted :
The policy of reducing Germany to servitude for a generation , of degrading the lives of millions of human beings , and of depriving a whole nation of happiness should be abhorrent and detestable -- abhorrent and detestable , even if it were possible , even if it enriched ourselves , even if it did not sow the decay of the whole civilized life of Europe .
...
Keynes was arguing that Germany would not be able to pay the reparations because it would not have the necessary surplus of exports over imports .
Germany had an excess of imports in the years just before World War I , not an excess of exports .
Not only that , but it had lost raw materials resources in the peace treaty that were needed for its iron goods exports , and its merchant marine and manpower had just been decimated by the war .
Keynes was simply pointing out that Germany could not afford to pay the reparations .
America is in a similar position .
We have had a huge and growing excess of imports over exports for more than a decade .
Our manufacturing exports have already been compromised by the currency manipulations of developing countries and by their policies of keeping out American products through one pretext or another .
For example , both China and India have labeled their automobile sectors as " strategic sectors " so that they can keep out American - produced vehicles through the high tariffs permitted by WTO rules .
Using this pretext , China also applies tariffs to American auto parts , motorcycles , and mining machinery .
China will continue to manipulate the dollar - yuan exchange rate to ensure that new solar panel and windmill factories will be located in China and not the United States .
They have already ensured that Chinese - made windmills and solar panels will not contain many American - made parts .
Basically , what this Copenhagen treaty proposes is that the United States go ever further in debt to China , selling China our remaining assets so that we can pay reparations to the developing countries .
The receiving countries will in turn be able to buy windmills and solar panels from China .
The result would greatly accelerate the present trends .
We would become a nation unable to get out of debt , even with the falling dollar .
We would stop being an " ownership society " and become , in the words of Warren Buffett , a " sharecropper society . "
President Obama will pull out all the stops to get the treaty negotiated in Copenhagen next week and ratified in 2010 by the U.S. Senate .
He knows that time is against him .
Given time , more and more Americans will discover the new scientific realities .
Moreover , his huge Democratic Party majority in the Senate will likely disappear in November 2010 , and he may never again get another chance to get the two - thirds vote needed to ratify it .
CEDAR RAPIDS , IA – Due to ongoing derecho debris removal , along with challenges related to lingering debris in collection areas , the Cedar Rapids Solid Waste & Recycling division will delay the start of our 2020 Fall Loose Leaf Vacuum Collection program .
Instead of starting on Oct. 5 , as originally planned , leaf vacuum collection will begin on Oct. 19 .
The start date was delayed two weeks to allow tree debris collection crews additional time to make an initial pass of streets .
The Solid Waste & Recycling division urges residents to use the extra time to clear their collection area of sticks and debris that could clog the vacuum equipment .
“ Planning for the loose leaf vacuum collection program begins in summer , when schedules are distributed to customers through their utilities bills and submitted for printing in the August Our CR Magazine , ” explained Steve Hershner , Utilities Director .
“ While plans were to start our leaf vacuum collection program in the beginning of October , similar to previous years , we have been closely monitoring citywide debris collection efforts following the derecho .
We determined a two - week delayed start will have several benefits this year . ”
The Solid Waste & Recycling division is urging residents to use the time between now and October 19 to rake up any twigs , sticks , and lingering debris from their leaf collection areas .
Sticks larger than six inches in length can clog the vacuum equipment and even cause serious damage , further delaying collection operations .
Scheduled garbage , recycling , and yard waste cart collection continues uninterrupted .
Customers should continue to set their carts at street in front of their home , and NOT the alley , by 7 a.m. on their regular collection day .
Another benefit of the delayed start is more time for tree - and nonorganic - debris - collection crews to make an initial first pass of streets .
With ongoing collection of storm debris , solid waste , recycling , and yard waste all occurring from streets and not alleys at this time , a two - week delay will provide additional time to reduce curbside collection congestion .
Leaf Collection Basics
The leaf vacuum program helps our city protect our streams and the Cedar River .
By keeping the leaves on the lawn and out of the street , less organic material , which can rob aquatic life of oxygen , is washed into our waterways through the storm sewer system .
Crews cannot collect leaves if piles have sticks mixed with the leaves .
Please fill your YARDY cart with sticks and other yard waste .
YARDY carts are collected all year long .
Rake leaves into long piles on the parking area or grass next to the street .
Leaves must be kept out of the street .
The vacuum truck will not collect leaves from alleys .
Debris piles will present additional challenges for the start of leaf collection .
Please ensure leaf piles are separated from any piles of tree debris ( with branches , etc ) and nonorganic storm debris .
Keep leaf piles away from obstacles like your collection carts , mailboxes , cars and utility poles .
If possible , remove parked cars from the street on collection days .
During fall loose leaf collection , brown paper lawn and leaf bags are collected every week with the YARDY cart .
Your YARDY cart must be used first ; then paper lawn and leaf bags can be used for any additional leaves .
Filled bags cannot exceed 40 pounds .
Leaf Collection Schedule
The City of Cedar Rapids will use an every - other week schedule based on which quadrant a customer lives in :
Customers in the southeast quadrant will have collection starting on Mondays during alternating weeks .
All leaves must be raked to the collection area by 7 a.m. on Monday .
Collection days are scheduled for the weeks of : Monday , October 19 , Monday , November 2 , Monday , November 16 , and Monday , November 30 .
Customers in the northeast quadrant will have collection starting on Mondays during alternating weeks .
All leaves must be raked to the collection area by 7 a.m. on Monday .
Collection days are scheduled for the weeks of : Monday , October 26 , Monday , November 9 , Monday , November 23 , and Monday , December 7 .
Customers in the southwest quadrant will have collection starting on Wednesdays during alternating weeks .
All leaves must be raked to the collection area by 7 a.m. on Wednesday .
Collection days are scheduled for the weeks of : Wednesday , October 21 , Wednesday , November 4 , Wednesday , November 18 , and Wednesday , December 2 .
Customers in the northwest quadrant will have collection starting on Wednesdays during alternating weeks .
All leaves must be raked to the collection area by 7 a.m. on Wednesday .
Collection days are scheduled for the weeks of : Wednesday , October 28 , Wednesday , November 11 , Wednesday , November 25 , and Wednesday , December 9 .
Fridays and Saturdays will be used as make - up days if heavy leaf volumes cannot be collected as scheduled .
Crews will finish collecting leaves in each quadrant before moving onto the next quadrant .
To ensure residents always know when leaves will be collected , all customers are encouraged to sign up for garbage and recycling text or email alerts at www.CRNewsNow.com.
Bink is stuffing his face with tasty chicken hearts .
Two red -eyed chickens watch him from behind .
The chickens attack him , pecking his head !
Zombie Chicken : Cat brainnnsss !
Bink ( covering his head ) : Aaaaah !
Zombie chickens !
Bink awakens .
He 's curled up and all seems well .
Bink : Whoa , what a crazy dream .
Bink goes to see what Lisa is up to .
Bink : Whatca doing Lisa ?
Lisa ( facing computer ) : Oh , just playing with my Westfall Chicken in WoW , see ?
He 's so cute !
Bink runs out , terrified .
Bink : AAAAaaahhh !
Lisa ( looking back at Bink ) :
What 's his problem ?
A zombie chicken appears in the window .
I do n't know what to say .
The United States not only permits this , we subsidize it - at great personal cost to our country .
After all , why were we an Al Qaeda target in the first place ?
Yes , we 'll tie ourselves in knots to keep a taxpayer dollar from getting anywhere near an abortion , yet we continue to fund the slow starvation of the Palestinians .
Very sad :
One year after Israel launched its three - week offensive in Gaza that killed more than 1,300 Palestinians and damaged or destroyed over 50,000 homes in a campaign aimed at stopping Hamas rocket fire , the survivors are still living in rubble .
And it is not for want of money that thousands of residents of the coastal enclave remain homeless this winter :
Moved by the plight of Gaza 's 1.5 million Palestinians who were already reeling from a two - and - a - half year economic siege imposed by Israel with help from Egypt and the U.S. even before Israel 's air and ground assault had begun , international donors earlier this year pledged over $ 4.5 billion to repair war damages .
But that aid has failed to reach Gaza , according to Palestinians and relief agencies who accuse Israel of imposing Kafkaesque rules that bar entry to vital reconstruction materials and items as bizarre as glass , most schoolbooks , honey and family - sized tubs of margarine .
Says Chris Gunness , spokesman for the United Nations ' Relief and Works Agency ( UNRWA ) , " Because the Israelis are not allowing in any reconstruction material , that $ 4.5 billion is just a paper figure . "
With over 80 % of Gazans now surviving on humanitarian handouts from UNRWA , Gunness adds , " Palestinians are becoming more desperate and more extreme . "
Relief officials estimate that Gaza needs 40,000 tons of cement and 25,000 tons of iron to start repairing the homes , hospitals , schools and shops destroyed during Israel 's offensive .
But so far , according to GISHA , an Israeli legal rights group , the Israelis have allowed only 19 trucks carrying construction material into Gaza since the war ended last January .
" You could say that Israel has bombed Gaza back into the mud age , " says UNRWA 's Gunness , " because that 's what they 're building their houses out of now — mud . "
Without parts to replace machinery damaged in the war , 97 % of Gaza 's factories have shut down , raising unemployment to over 43 % .
With scarce sources of income , many Gazans would probably starve if not for food handouts from the U.N. and other agencies .
Over 40,000
Gazans have no electricity , 10,000 have no running water in their homes , and because Israel bans entry of the spare parts needed to run its sewage treatment plant , every day 87 million liters of sewage is dumped into the Mediterranean ( which washes up on Israel 's beaches , too . )
Although the international community occasionally protests Gaza 's ongoing tragedy , so far no real pressure has been applied on Israel to loosen its stranglehold .
One senior official in Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's right - wing government recently confided to a U.N. colleague that Israel 's goal for Gaza was : " No development , no prosperity , no humanitarian crisis . "
The U.N. official interpreted that to mean that Israel would provide Gaza with an intravenous drip of relief to keep its 1.5 million inhabitants alive , but just barely , in hopes that the people would overthrow the Hamas government they voted into power in the last Palestinian elections .
But that has n't happened yet , nor is it likely to ; Hamas smuggles arms , money and supplies into Gaza through tunnels from Egypt , and , increasingly , joining the militants has become the only source of a monthly wage for young males .
In the meantime , said John Ging , UNRWA 's chief officer in Gaza , the Israeli siege is " facilitating the destruction of a civilized society . "
Before the siege Palestinians in Gaza prided themselves on the excellence of their schools and industriousness of their workforce , many of whom , in more peaceful times , found jobs across the fence in Israel .
Former Pittsburgh Penguins star Jaromir Jagr was part a brawl - filled game in Russia that had to be called after four minutes for a lack of players .
A series of fights between Vityaz Chekhov and Avangard Omsk resulted in 691 penalty minutes against more than 30 players .
The game had to be suspended because neither team had enough players to continue .
The KHL league commission plans to look at video and hear from team officials , referees and observers to decide further discipline .
The game was stopped tied at 0 - 0 with 56 minutes 21 seconds to play .
The fighting started at 3:27 .
when Vityaz 's Brendan Sugden started in with Avangard 's Alexander Svitov .
Soon the rest of the players on the ice , including Jagr , dropped their gloves and started fighting .
Order was restored but at 3:34 more fighting broke out , and eight more players , four from each side , were penalized .
There was another free - for - all at 3:37 , involving players on the ice and seven more in the penalty boxes , including Jagr .
That left three Avangard skaters on the ice and one on the bench , and three Vityaz skaters on the ice and three on the bench .
The team ran out of players at 3:39 , when Avangard 's Anton Babchuk and Jakub Klepisch were penalized for leaving the bench and Vityaz 's Viktor Bobrov and Rustam Bakhriddinov took 10 - minute misconducts .
When District 9 director Neill Blomkamp makes his next film , he wo n't have a $ 100 million budget .
Instead , he 'll keep making films on the ( relative ) cheap , because it 's the only way to make science fiction movies with creative freedom .
Advertisement
In a recent interview with the L.A. Times , Blomkamp made it quite clear that he wants nothing to do with $ 100 million budgets and major studio releases .
The reason for this , he explains , is that he wants to be able to tell his own stories in his own way , and that just is n't possible when such massive amounts of money are involved .
He cites this overwhelming need for studios to protect their investment as the main reason why almost all science fiction films are either adaptations , sequels , or reboots .
Blomkamp 's observations were n't limited to the purely financial .
He also delved into how these considerations affect the creative side of science fiction movies :
I think about this a lot – a hell of a lot actually – and how it plays out within the genre of scifi and horror .
This concept of " Where does that fiction [ in its source material form ] come from ? "
If you look at the most meaningful science fiction , it did n't come from watching other films .
We seem to be in a place now where filmmakers make films based on other films because that 's where the stimuli and influence comes from .
But go back and look at something like [ Joe Haldeman 's 1974 novel ]
" The Forever War " – that is very much rooted in his experience in Vietnam , that 's where the stimulation comes from .
And that 's my goal , really , is not to draw from other films in terms of the overall inspiration and stimuli .
You can in terms of design and tone and stuff , certainly , but not in terms of the idea and the genesis of that idea .
Advertisement
In terms of his own future making movies , Blomkamp reflected on his process promoting District 9 as a template for what he hopes to achieve next time .
Since District 9 cost relatively little to make , it did n't need to attract a particularly wide audience for it to be a financial success ; the fact that it did become something of a minor mainstream hit was just a nice bonus .
Blomkamp felt fairly comfortable that the film would do all right financially after it enjoyed such a positive reception at Comic Con .
As long as his movies can keep finding an audience with genre fans , he feels confident he can keep making movies for the foreseeable future .
Blomkamp concluded the first part of the interview with his thoughts on what he was trying to say in District 9 and whether he feels audiences understood his messages :
For the most part , " District 9 " is absolute popcorn .
It 's absolute fluff compared to how serious those real - life topics are .
The topics in the film are on my mind all the time and they 're very interesting to me .
The bottom line is " District 9 " touches on 1 % of those topics in terms of how severe they could be portrayed , and I knew that when I made it .
But people got the messages .
Xenophobia , racism allegories – they got all of it .
I do n't think the film was misunderstood .
Not everybody loved it .
Nigerians were n't happy .
They were pissed .
And I suppose that 's fair enough because I directly named them and they do n't come off well in the film .
But that was part of the whole satirical nature of the film .
And that conflict , well , that 's a South African thing .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The rest of the interview will be published on the L.A.
Times blog in the near future .
[ Hero Complex ]
Getting your SEO system right is an assignment in itself ; generally , you are ...
Linear Controller Design – Limits of Performance
Linear Controller Design : Limits of Performance
Stephen Boyd and Craig Barratt
Prentice - Hall , 1991
ISBN 0-13-538687-X
Download
Copyright in this book has been returned to the authors .
Could be fatal ( Image : Miguel Villagran / Getty )
DEATHS in US police custody during the early 1990s may have been the result of an interaction between capsaicin , the key ingredient in pepper sprays , and psychostimulant drugs , an experiment in mice suggests .
If the two have a fatal interaction in people then police forces might have to rethink their use of pepper spray as a non-lethal weapon , says John Mendelson of the Addiction and Pharmacology Research Laboratory at St Luke ’s Hospital in San Francisco , who led the mouse research .
In the early nineties , anecdotal reports emerged in the US of people dying after …
When it comes to Oscar screeners , they ’ve saved the biggest for last .
Fox has finally mailed out screeners for Avatar , in 2D format .
( Not to worry : Cameron told me recently that he shot the film to succeed in 2D , which is how it will be initially released in DVD to consumers . )
The James Cameron blockbuster arrives in Academy Of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences member mailboxes any moment .
Most screeners arrived in December so voters could catch up on films during the holidays , but Fox held back until Avatar crossed the $ 1 billion mark .
Also ,
Fox wanted more time to encourage voters to see the pic on a big screen in 3D , and did its best to ensure that Academy screenings were packed .
And then there were the studio ’s concerns about piracy at a time when the film was building its box office .
But holding back the screener would n’t have impacted piracy anyway , judging by a recent Times of London report that named Avatar the fastest - pirated movie with 980,000 illegal downloads in its opening week .
dreaming about the nasa that could ’ve been …
If NASA was funded as well as most Americans think it is , we would live in an amazing world straight out of our retrofuturistic dreams .
Illustration by Zane Bien
A recent survey by a major polling agency found that half of Americans are in favor of cutting back on space exploration programs in light of today ’s economy .
Not only that , but the people we would hope to be the next generation of scientists and engineers working on new space exploration projects , those in the 18 to 29 age group , are among the strongest supporters of slashing NASA ’s budget .
And on top of that , only 64 % of those surveyed had a favorable view of the agency , down from 81 % in 2008 , but up from 2007 ’s rough patch of 58 % approval though not by much .
Still , public approval is one thing .
It goes up and down .
But the big question we should ask is whether people know that cutting NASA ’s budget to help the nation ’s economic woes is akin to dropping the satellite radio subscription on a new luxury car to cut the lease payment by $ 100 a month , i.e. an odd feat of wishful thinking .
As it turns out according a 2007 piece by The Space Review , they really do n’t .
It seems that people tend to estimate NASA ’s funds at 24 % of the federal budget .
In 2009 , this estimate would mean that the agency received $ 648 billion , though the sum would run closer to $ 500 billion if we exclude that year ’s stimulus packages .
That would place NASA on par with the funding for the U.S. military .
And no , not that of the Army or the Navy or the Air Force , the entire military , as in the Department of Defense .
Well , it can be fun to dream every once in a while .
If space exploration was fueled with tens of trillions of dollars over the last half a century , there ’s a very good chance that we would be outposts across the solar system by now .
From lunar bases to research stations on Mars , to volcanic observatories on Io , to submarines on Europa and balloons surveying Titan ’s lakes , there would be money to pay for it all with plenty left over for advanced propulsion and design projects .
And just think of all the hundreds of thousands of jobs that would be required to keep all the current and future exploration projects up and running .
From computer scientists to welders , they ’d all be vital to the day to day operation of NASA ’s missions , a number of them would even be required to work in space .
Even that ’s not the full extent of a hyper - funded space agency .
Consider how many contractors would need to fill the orders for new rockets , space planes , satellites and interplanetary internet networks .
And yes , attempts at interstellar travel would n’t be out of the question either .
When the money flows by the billion , why not use it ?
After all , government funding is use it or loose it .
If you wo n’t spend what ’s allocated to you , there ’s a very good chance that it wo n’t be budgeted in for next year .
Oh , and we have n’t even mentioned all the innovations which would make their way down to TVs and camcorders , to new energy sources , computers , medical technology and aviation .
Our would would be very different and a hell of a lot closer to our science - fiction dreams than it is today .
But unfortunately , that ’s not how our money was being spent .
NASA ’s annual budget is less than 1 % of the national outlay and many of the inventions I was just imagining were never built .
The money for them was never allocated and the investments were never made .
It ’s really a shame if you think about it .
But hey , at least we have ambitious aerospace startups with big dreams and lofty goals for space exploration …
GreenArrays Products
Chips and evaluation boards are available for shipment from stock .
Evaluation quantities may be ordered directly from this website using the links below ; items in stock will normally be shipped within 72 hours after receipt of funds .
Our products are available for shipment in quantity ; Please contact Sales@greenarraychips.com for terms .
GA144-1.20 Chips
The GA144 -1.20 chip , with 144 self - contained computers and software - defined I/O , is available in a 1 cm x 1 cm , 88 - pin QFN package .
Export is controlled per US EAR ECCN 3A991A.3 .
Protected by patents .
G144A12 Chip GA144 Documentation
The GA144 Chip ( preliminary data )
F18A Technology from which the GA144 is built
GreenArrays Architecture common to all of our chips
Video Demonstration for opening our antistatic boxes
Application Notes both formal and informal
Evaluation Chip Orders
Place orders for the GA144 - 1.20 chips by making payments here ( see our Sales Policies ) .
Chips are sold in 10 - packs ( packages of ten chips . )
The minimum order is one 10 - pack ( ten chips ) ; the maximum per customer is ten 10 - packs ( 100 chips ) .
Quantity
of chips Price per
chip Price per
10 - pack 10 - 100 $ 20.00 $ 200.00
NEW !
Improved GA144-1.20 Evaluation Kits EVB002
With two GA144 chips , this board provides you with versatile prototyping capability .
It supports several power options and has three USB interfaces behaving as asynchronous serial communications ports at speeds up to 960 Kbits / second each .
Chip 0 has external SRAM and SPI flash ; the new 16 MB flash is pre-programmed with polyFORTH and , when selected with jumpers , polyFORTH comes up ready to communicate with a serial ASCII terminal emulator on USB port B. USB port A may be used to program chip 0 using our array Forth 3 IDE .
Chip 1 has minimal I/O connections : SERDES and optional 2 - wire synchronous to chip 0 ; optional USB port C for separate IDE use ; and configurable reset pin .
A reset / watchdog chip has been added for optional convenience , and the line interface circuitry for the Software Defined 10 baseT Ethenet NIC has been added to the basic board .
Export classification is the same as for the chips .
Protected by patents .
GA144 Eval Board Information EVB002 Reference Manual Last updated 5/20/2019 .
The GA144 Chip itself ( preliminary data )
Evaluation Board Orders
Place orders for the EVB002 board by making payments here ( see our Sales Policies ) .
If you are an educator wishing to equip your students with this board , please contact Sales@greenarraychips.com for special discount pricing .
Quantity Price per
board 1 -10 $ 495
End of Life Availability Policy
Most users of electronic parts have been " burned " badly at least once when the manufacturer of a critical part arbitrarily withdrew it .
Our company 's policy is that any product we take to production and offer for sale will continue to be available to our customers as long as it is technically and financially feasible , especially when that product has been superseded by a new one .
It is the nature of the semiconductor business that the cost of doing so will increase over time ; for example , in order to make more of an old chip , it may be necessary to build a large number of them , and periodically to make new masks .
In such cases our customers will be part of the decision making process ; while we may not be able to justify the necessary commitment of our own resources in such a case , we will not arbitrarily withdraw an old chip from our offerings unless our customers for the old chip are themselves unable to commit the necessary resources .
Sales Policies
Our products are available for direct sale from GreenArrays offices FOB Cheyenne , Wyoming , US .
Contact us by e-mail , paper mail , or telephone for inquiries regarding price and availability , particularly for large quantities .
Please refer to our Standard Terms and Conditions for additional information .
Depending on where you take delivery of our products , we may collect taxes and fees as part of the transaction .
If we do not , you are entirely responsible for paying any charges levied against your purchase by governments .
Please refer to our Policy on Taxes and Fees for the exact way in which we implement this .
For your convenience in evaluating our products , small quantities may be ordered directly and securely from this web page using PayPal ( where you may use PayPal accounts or many credit / debit cards . )
Please ensure that you provide a valid e-mail address with your order so that we may contact you in case of problems or to request additional information , such as phone numbers , that we may be required to use on international shipments .
Alternatives to PayPal
If you do not wish to use PayPal , please send purchase order or request to Sales@greenarraychips.com identifying the products and quantities desired , name and company , shipping address , and if outside the US a contact phone number and any relevant tax identification such as VAT numbers to facilitate customs processing .
An invoice will be returned by e-mail .
Payment is accepted by check , money order , or direct bank transfer .
If you wish to pay in Bitcoin , please say so clearly in your e-mail ; in this case the invoice sent you will include a payment link from Coinbase set to remit our standard dollar amount equivalents at current market prices .
Our default shipping method is US Postal Service Priority Mail to simplify ordering and minimize your costs .
Within the US we use small boxes when practical ; outside the US we must use medium boxes so that tracking is possible .
There may be substantial time delays in delivery to certain countries :
For example , South Africa , Russia and most European countries have taken just less than one month , while Germany is more than one month and counting .
If you wish us to use Federal Express , order your products using the default shipping but request Federal Express either in special instructions as part of your order , or by immediate e-mail .
In this case we will invoice you via PayPal for the additional cost before shipment is made .
Chips
Chips are offered in minimum orders of ten , with price breaks for larger quantities .
This web site accepts orders for up to 100 chips per customer .
For larger quantities , please contact us directly .
Boards
Evaluation boards are offered in minimum orders of one , with price breaks for larger quantities .
This web site accepts orders for up to 10 boards per customer .
For larger quantities , please contact us directly .
I viaggiatori in arrivo all ’aeroporto di Copenaghen verranno accolti da cartelloni pubblicitari con le facce invecchiate dei leader del mondo che chiedono scusa per non essere stati capaci di affrontare i cambiamenti climatici .
I cartelloni pubblicitari piazzati nell ’aeroporto mostrano i volti dei leader come potrebbero apparire nel 2020 .
Le immagini sono accompagnate dal titolo “ Mi dispiace .
Potevamo fermare gli effetti catastrofici dei cambiamenti climatici…non l’abbiamo fatto ” .
Lo slogan della campagna è “ Act now : change the future ” .
Le pubblicità sono state diffuse dalla coalizione mondiale tcktcktck.org e da Greenpeace come parte della campagna per ottenere un accordo equo , serio e vincolante al summit sul clima di Copenaghen
UPDATE !!!
UPDATE !!!
WATCH THE WASHINGTON STATE HEARINGS LIVE HERE !
January 2010 is off to a ‘ smoking ’ start .
Lawmakers in three key states — New Jersey , California , and Washington — are taking action this week on legislative measures that seek to significantly amend , or end , marijuana prohibition .
Here ’s a quick look at the week ahead .
For information on additional state and federal marijuana law reform legislation , please visit NORML ’s ‘ Take Action Center ’ here .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
The leaders of the Labour and Conservative parties came through the door of No 10 together and stood side by side in front of the microphones in the spring sunshine .
" We have a brief joint statement to make , " they said .
" The election is over and the people have spoken .
Neither of our parties has received a mandate to govern alone .
The country nevertheless faces urgent economic and social challenges .
This is no time for the uncertainties of minority government .
Throughout the campaign we experienced the public 's burning desire for a break with the politics of the past .
We shall therefore form a government of national unity , with an agreed programme , to serve for a full parliament .
We shall invite other party leaders to work with us to put the national interest first .
We are all in this together .
Thank you . "
In all the many articles that have already been written – and all those that will soon be written – about the possibility of a hung parliament after the 2010 general election , one significant option seems perversely unexplored – the big one : a deal between the two largest parties .
That 's right , between the Conservatives and Labour .
Merely to state this possibility is doubtless to invite derision , and worse .
For many on both sides a Conservative - Labour deal is in every respect the politically unthinkable .
It is nevertheless worth asking and answering , calmly , one simple question :
Why not ?
The question deserves to be taken seriously for three main reasons .
The first is that British elections are becoming increasingly fragmented .
Votes and seats are shared between more parties than before .
No large party can today count on automatic 40 % - plus support as both Labour and the Tories once did .
Inter - party deals have become common in the devolved authorities and local government .
The trend would become more pronounced under a reformed Westminster electoral system .
The second reason is that some of the ancient differences between the main parties have blurred .
This is sometimes misrepresented as " the parties becoming all the same " , which is untrue .
Nevertheless , some of the extremes of the past have been abandoned and some of the differences of today are more nuanced and pragmatic .
Like football fans , British political parties retain a tribal culture , but the parties , like the football clubs , have learned they must adapt or perish .
The third reason is that , on occasion , needs must .
There are practical arguments why , in some circumstances , an arrangement between the biggest parties might be the most viable option .
A government of this kind might also do a good job , and might even be popular , too .
Opinion polls certainly suggest as much .
In other European countries , the two major parties have often done this in circumstances well short of outright national emergency .
Germany has twice been governed by grand coalitions , including from 2005 to 2009 , while three German Länder are governed in this way .
Germany has not collapsed – rather the opposite .
The Netherlands has been governed by a grand coalition since 2006 and Austria since 2007 .
But in Britain ?
Even today , we reflexively assume that the Labour and Tory projects are irreconcilable .
Both parties are themselves coalitions already .
Labour , in particular , is sustained by an oppositional not a governmental ethos .
Neither party leader could hope to deliver on a deal .
Big beasts in both parties would wreck it .
The extremes would be empowered to revolt .
The parties could not be put back together .
These are all very serious practical objections .
Except that coalitions of this sort have existed and in some respects succeeded before , here as elsewhere .
The two major parties of left and right came together three times in the last century , governing for a total of nearly 14 years – more on some calculations .
The first was the Liberal - Conservative coalition formed in 1915 at the height of the first world war ; the second was the national government formed in the wake of the economic collapse of 1931 ; while the third was the coalition formed by Winston Churchill in 1940 under which the second world war was won .
Wartime is different , many will say – rightly , of course .
But how different ?
The national government reminds us that coalitions are not peculiar to wartime .
A more accurate reality is that grand coalitions of the two main parties are formed when there is a perception of national emergency , whether in war or peace , in which single - party administrations seem incapable of taking necessary actions on their own .
This perception is heightened when , as in 1915 and 1931 , the governing party is already in a minority , as would be the case in any hung parliament , too .
The only important question , therefore , is whether 2010 may be such an emergency moment .
Looking at the economic prospects depicted in Gordon Brown 's implausibly rosy new year message , this may seem alarmist .
Looking at them in the cold light of day , after the loss of the Brown government 's majority and through the prism of a hung parliament , however , it could seem very different .
With the economy struggling and the markets in panic as they grasped how hard it would be to govern without the necessary majority , the pressure for an effective government – a government with an assured majority committed to do necessary but unpopular things – would be very great , not least from the media .
It seems innocent to assume that either Labour or the Tories would automatically turn first to the Liberal Democrats in those circumstances – or that the Lib Dems would necessarily deliver .
The big parties could calculate that they would be better off in a marriage of convenience with a historic enemy they respected , from which they could withdraw with dignity when the moment was right , rather than to embark on a more permanent entanglement with a Lib Dem party which at bottom they each despise .
The more one looks at the evolutionary dynamics of British politics , the more serious the grand coalition option may one day become .
Is a Labour - Conservative deal really unthinkable ?
Only until you start thinking about it .
Conservatives are predicting a big loss for Democrats in the 2010 election if President Barack Obama does n’t move to the center .
Jon Stewart ripped into Democrats Wednesday for taking the bait .
While many liberals do n’t think Obama has governed to the left , Republican politicians and pundits are calling for him to moderate his positions in the wake of Republican Scott Brown ’s win in Massachusetts .
ADVERTISEMENT
Last week , former Mayor Rudy Giuliani told Fox News , “ I think the only way he stops a Republican landslide in November is if he moves to the middle . ”
“ I think if he moves to the center he will find Republican support , ” Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell told NBC ’s David Gregory Sunday .
Stewart was incredulous .
“ Wait , what ?
Where is the Republican support in the center ? ” he asked .
“ The center of what ?
A freedom day prayer circle ? ”
“ Guess what ?
No team is taking advice from the opposing team ’s coaching staff , ” predicted Stewart but he was wrong .
Democratic Senator Ben Nelson seemed to be taking the Republicans ’ advice .
“ The president is going to have to scale back his agenda , ” he said Monday .
“ I think he ’s allowed the left wing to pull him too much in that direction . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ They took the bait , ” lamented Stewart .
“ Democrats , do n’t you get what the Republicans are doing ?
They are fucking with you . ”
“ You actually think moving to the right will appease them ? ” Stewart asked Democrats .
“ Let me see if I can explain this to you .
Remember the show ‘ The Wonder Years ? ’
No matter what you do , the Republicans are not going to let you into the station wagon . ”
Stewart ’s advice was followed by a video clip of Fred Savage ’s character chasing his brother ’s car , only to have it drive off again .
“ They are never going to let you in .
And here is the worst part , you ’re the majority party .
It ’s your car ! ” he exclaimed .
“ But apparently Democrats have already flipped on the right turn blinker . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from Comedy Central ’s The Daily Show , broadcast Jan. 27 , 2010 .
Eric Ruth ’s NES - style reworking of Valve ’s zombie shooter Left 4 Dead I touched on several weeks back is officially finished and has been released into the wild as a freeware download .
The game includes the original survivors , weapons and campaigns from the original L4D .
Keeping the retro authenticity , the game includes 2 - player local co-op , as Ruth points out “ Back in 1986 , games were generally 2 player … not 4 . ”
The file weighs in at 21 MB and is available via FileShack .
No word on whether or not Ruth is considering a Left 4 Dead 2 remake .
From the notes :
A fan - made “ retro de- make ” of Left 4 Dead , featuring two - player co-op with the Francis , Zoe and all the original gang in 8 - bit style .
Free Windows Mobile Apps
More than 4500 free windows mobile games , apps and themes .
Download software for HTC Touch Diamond / Pro / HD2 / Fuze / Tilt , Samsung and other smartphones .
Internet , backup and social applications together with financial , weather , mapping and GPS navigation software absolutely free for Your Windows Phone .
Search for Pocket PC freeware :
Advanced Search
Well that was a fun day .
Cashed out my GS 140 calls for about 35 % profit and my AAPL calls for 38 % gain .
Not bad for 40 minutes of work .
Back to 85 % cash .
Singapore Steve
I have been here a year , and made most of my money back from the 14 K fall .
The people here are more than willing to help whe Phil can not get to it .
FWIW -
This site is my brokerage firm , I was with Wells Fargo Portfolio and it was costing a fortune to trade , the costs here are more than offset with the data , trade ideas and profits you should make .. and I get a chuckle out of Cap and Phil 's rantings on healtcare , guns , oh , yeah , and government … .
Pharmboy
Boring trading – Phil /
Thanks to PSW , my yearly covered - writes are on pace for 15 % .
Add the long puts and well over 20 % … and I look at it once a day and never lose sleep over it .
Actually doing better than my trading account at this point ( Thanks , summer 2013 ) Anyway , the point is that anyone with enough money would be wise to do the 20 % – 40 % stuff and do trading as a hobby …
Arivera
Hello Phil ,
Thanks for the heads up on the comming sell off on friday , and the bs job yesterday .
your our guiding light !
Microflux
Hey Phil --
I want to thank you every chance I get for helping me to grow my previous portfolio to being profitable enough to pay off some debts my family had and left me with $ 1,000 left to use in the markets .
You should know that your premium membership is amazing on many levels ,
You and your readers offer a ton of economic and statistical analysis that I was able to use in my clerical level job in finance .
It 's a shame that someone as talented and honest as you is not on television each night providing a true service to the investing public and not the clowns and hucksters that are talking up their books to dump on retail investors .
Sorry for the long post .
I had to say something to you that I never thought I would have the opportunity to .
You helped put my family in an almost debt - free life through the stock and option plays that I made during my time as a customer of your service and that has made us very happy .
You are a good man and I wish you and your family many years of joy and happiness .
I wish I could do ads for you !
DaveJ
It is hard to learn the process that Phil teaches , but it is worth the effort .
I think it is finally sinking in & so I say Thanks teacher for your patience & expertise !
I 've had a very good week so far & I know it is because of persisting in this learning process that you teach .
Pirateinvestor
Thanks , after years of blood and blunders , I have reached a significant milestone – I do n't lose money .
Net net , I rarely have a losing week , market up , market down .
And that I owe to you .
Balanced positions .
More premium sold than bought .
Fundamental criteria applied to good companies , not momentum / news headlines / stock du jour / triangle squeezies .
But rather earnings , P/E , dividends , competitive position — the boring stuff that takes study , thought , …. and patience .
You have been a great teacher , and I have embarassed myself repeatedly day with how slowly I learn .
And it 's a funny thing – if you do n't lose , the gains start to pile up .
The arithmetic is cruel to the downside , and becomes a gift in the other direction .
And I 'm in this for the long run , having made myself unemployable through a need for diversification .
Moreover , what I 've learned here has also elided into other areas , including real estate and ex-U.S. investment .
Pretty cool .
Have a great weekend .
Zeroxzero
hil , I hit my targets for the year in my 401K ( thanks in no small part to your site ) , so I cashed out of all positions a couple of weeks ago .
Feels good ...
I 'm conservative with this money –looking for 2 % per month , which i've been able to do … thx .
Lunar
Against all prognostics ( bears )
Phil pointed in the morning the correct direction , and in middle of day he pointed the possible move to 2.5 % Incredible …
I 'm starting to serious believe on the program trading and the human nature behind the programing those " trade - bots " .
Spider
Phil , I was so impressed with the personal note in the comments that I went ahead and paid for a months trial of premium that I have been on the fence for awhile about .
Just reading the comments makes me already glad for the purchase .
Smasher
Peter D : great write - up for Short Strangles , Part 1 , looking forward to Part 2 , particularly the adjustment part .
RMM
I like the retirement picks too .
The futures trading is certainly more sexy , but the boring retirement picks are the ones that consistently make me money .
jjennings
I subscribed to Phils Stock World full service for a year or so and found that it was extremely helpful .
Now I just get the Stock World Weekly summary , which I find invaluable .
Phil does not baby people and certainly can't make someone into a successful stock operator who does not make the effort on their own behalf , but he is extremely generous with his time in answering newbie questions .
Although I found it difficult to follow and implement all his trades in real time , what I did find was that once you got the hang of his methodology and way of thinking , you could work out your own trades and be quite successful .
Even just using his patent Rule Number One * alone is worth its weight in gold .
Rule Number
Two is even better .
Rookie IRA Investor
Market manipulation ….
One of the things I 've gained from this site is the concept of market manipulation .
I never thought it was so prevalent , but now I know it is .
I actually consider its effect when I make trades .
Several days ago , when AAPL was moving toward 220 I sold 210 calls .
My reasoning was that they will probably pin this month at 210 .
They came in big time as the stock moved ever closer to 210 .
I agree with Phil 's comment that one of the things we need to do is find out what they are manipulating , and how , and hitch a ride .
They are doing this with several equities .
I 've actually seen one article describing several equities that were being manipulated to pin at expiration each month , and describing how it was done , and of course Phil has described it well .
In some ways it 's easier to figure this out than it is a ‘ normal ' market behavior , and thus easier to make money in certain equities .
Iflantheman
Phil , have to thank you for saving me today .
I think the discipline I have learned from this site has helped me as much if not more than the actual picks .
Rustle123
Man , what a week : Bought C at 1.40 , sold half at 1.59 ( relatively big position ) , another quarter at 3.04 just now .
Ran SKF down from 270 with one April put , still holding some 115 's expiring in a couple days .
I 'm going to gamble this position like a champion Friday .
Bought FAS at all sorts of levels and started cashing out .
Long HOV , stock and some nickel calls for fun - Mocha up your buy - out from 5 to 8 and that 's 10,900 % return for the May - 2.50 's .
Ha ! Biodieselchris
PSW – Price / Value ;
The value of PSW on a regular basis exceeds by far the price of the annual subscription .
The edition of February 26 ' Which Way Wednesday – Popping or Topping ? ' , – priceless for the serious investor .
Winston
Praising PSW for enlightenment is a bit akin to praising the Pope for being holy .
I 've been reading PSW for about two months now and have learned more about investing technique and the world in general than I 've learned from the books and seminars I 've paid for .
Thanks for the enlightenment , the education , the guidance and the truth , which is not a commodity these days , but a virtue in short supply .
Andy Morris
I must add yet another paen to Phil 's " cash and short " call , as my TZA shorts are past paying for Similac and Pampers and have now covered all doctors and Mt. Sinai hospital bills for young Charlotte , as TZA took the portfolio up 10 % .
Zeroxzero
Gel1 ….. I 've been here 6 months , mostly watching and learning .
Lots of smart people on the site and I 've learned a lot from Phil and many others .
//// Inflan -
I have to trump your sentiments regarding the wisdom of the board .
I have to thank Phil and the many contruibutors for a 80 % profit for 2009 .
I have learned a lot and am still learning ( even occasionally about political issues - ha ! ) Iflantheman & Gel1
Phil Killed it tonight trading copper .
Anyone who jumped in right after election is up about 75 k on one contract !
Thanks Kapella
I have been very fortunate over the years as an investor .
Last year was on of my best in terms of percentage gains .
I have to attribute much of this success to my membership in PSW which gave me the best education available anywhere when it comes to the understanding of option trading , discipline and general trading strategies .
I will be forever grateful to Phil and the many " highly skilled " traders that have offered their advice .
Gel1
Thank you Nantucket .
It is hard to be a complete beginner in the market with this complicated , fast moving , and very advanced group .
Phil is the Great One , but the membership is absolutely amazing !
Had I known this ahead I would probably log in as " awe struck " everyday .
Coke
Phil , thank you for all the education here .
I 've gained so much knowledge being a part of PSW .
Thanks to the rest of the members as well !
I appreciate all of the contributions you make .
JeffDoc
Thanks ,
Phil .
I really appreciate your sentiment and commitment !
Just want to thank you for what you do for all of us .
JBaker
Phil – BTW , the new STP / LTP coupled with the income portfolio is Perfect !
I do not trade all of them , very few actually since I work during market hours .
However , following the trades real - time is very educational .
I did enter the ABX call if you recall , I rolled to July on that nonsense news that sent it tumbling .
Out today for 110 % gain ( 2.00 stop ) not counting covering the loss from the earlier roll .
Nonetheless , a good trade .
Keep it up … .
Thanks JFawcett
That was a quick double on the DIA calls .
trailing stop in place .
Kwan
Took profit on QQQ 57 Puts , bot 40 at $ 0.07 , sold 20 for $ 0.15 and 20 for $ 0.32 .
Thank , Phil Bobhu
Very nice in and out on those USO puts again , easy way to get the subscription covered in just a couple of hours .
Thanks again Phil and everyone here contributing to such intelligent and informative discussion !
I have wasted countless hours reading " professional newsletters " and message board blather over the years .
Have learned a great deal here in a very short time .
I have sent out a number of invites to friends and family for stockworld !
Eyezz
Today , there was a rather brilliant hearing conducted by the Senate Banking Committee about the Volcker rule .
Unfortunately , I missed the beginning .
But what I did manage to catch was wonderfully amusing .
The Senators questioned a panel including representatives from banking behemoths Goldman Sachs , Citigroup and JP Morgan , as well as finance professors from MIT and Harvard .
The discussion got quite heated several times .
My favorite part was Goldman 's representative denying that it ever needed , or even really got , a bailout .
That representative was managing director Gerald Corrigan .
If he was really the best representative that Goldman could send to represent the bank from both political and philosophical standpoints , then that 's pretty scary .
Corrigan was the exact caricature of a Goldman banker that the general public envisions .
He was arrogant , presumptuous and skirted responsibility at every opportunity .
At one point , there was a contentious exchange between Corrigan and fellow panelist , economist Simon Johnson regarding whether banks ' exposures to certain kinds of derivatives should be limited .
It went something like this :
Corrigan explained that some big banks , like Goldman , regularly ran stress tests to ensure their derivatives exposure were well hedged and capital levels were adequate to cushion the blow of even several of their major counterparties going bust .
Another panelist said that it might be a good idea for regulators to require banks to perform such internal stress tests .
Johnson balked .
He questioned whether it was wise to put much value in such tests conducted by the banks .
After all , he mentioned , if Goldman Sachs is the gold standard of stress testing , why did it fail to do so properly before the crisis and have to run to the Fed for a bailout ?
Well , that was an easy one for Corrigan to answer : they never needed a bailout .
Huh ?
Johnson rebutted , asking why it was converted to a bank holding company practically overnight so that it could receive emergency assistance from the Federal Reserve if it did n't need a bailout .
And what , wondered Johnson , would have happened if it did n't get that assistance ?
Would n't Goldman have failed ?
He pointed to Former Treasury Secretary and once Goldman CEO Hank Paulson 's new book as providing proof of the deep trouble Goldman was in at the time .
But Corrigan would n't budge .
Instead , he said :
There is no question whatsoever that when you look at totality of the steps that were taken by central banks and government , particularly in 2008 , that Goldman Sachs was a beneficiary of this .
There 's no doubt whatsoever about that -- as was everybody else .
I mean , that 's what those extraordinary measures were all about .
But again , I 'm not suggesting for one minute that Goldman Sachs was not a beneficiary of these initiatives .
It was clearly .
And yet , it would have been fine without those measures ?
So why , then , did it request emergency funding from the Fed ?
Did it just want to borrow money on the cheap ( without really needing it for any kind of emergency ) so it could reap more profit ?
While extraordinarily doubtful , is n't that , in a sense , even worse ?
The prevailing logic to why banks like Goldman got emergency Fed assistance is because without that help they would have failed .
If that logic is wrong , then the bailouts disturb me even more .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
This afternoon , I was telling a friend about one of my exploits tracking down a pretty crazy heisenbug , and he said he thought other people would be interested in hearing about it .
So let me tell you about it .
Before you continue , if you 're not interested in relatively arcane technical details , feel free to skip this post .
It 's here mainly because a friend said he thought people would be interested in it .
Our Story Begins
Our story begins with a small change in the way Ruby 1.9 handles implicit coercion .
The most common case of implicit coercion is in Array # flatten .
The basic logic is that Ruby checks to see if an element of the Array can be itself coerced into an Array , which is then does before flattening .
There are two steps to the process :
Check to see if the element can be coerced into an Array
If it can , call to_ary on the element , and repeat the process recursively
In Ruby 1.8 , the process is essentially the following :
if obj.respond_to?( : to_ary ) obj.__send__( :to_ary ) else obj end
In Ruby 1.9 , it was changed to :
begin obj.__send__(:to_ary ) rescue NoMethodError obj end
Of course , the internal code was implemented in C , but you get the idea .
This change subtly effects objects that implement method_missing :
class MyObject def method_missing ( meth , *) if meth == : testing puts " TESTING " else puts " Calling Super " super end end end
In Ruby 1.8 , # flatten will first call #respond_to ?
which returns false and therefore does n't ever trigger the #method_missing .
In Ruby 1.9 , # method_missing will be triggered blindly , and because the call to super should raise a NoMethodError , we will essentially get the same result .
There are some subtle differences here , but for the vast majority of cases , the behavior is identical or close enough to not matter .
A Weird Quirk
When the above change landed in Ruby 1.9.2's head , Rails started experiencing weird , intermittent behavior .
As you might know , Rails overrides method_missing on NilClass to provide a guess about what object you were expecting instead of nil .
This feature is called " whiny nils " and can be enabled or disabled in Rails applications .
def method_missing ( method , * args , & block ) if klass = METHOD_CLASS_MAP [ method ] raise_nil_warning_for klass , method , caller else super end end
But sometimes , when nil was inside an Array , and the Array was flattened , the flatten failed with a NameError : undefined local variable or method `to_ary ' for nil : NilClass , which resulted in a failure in the flatten entirely .
The bug appeared intermittently , apparently unrelated to the code that was calling it .
We worked around it by catching the NameError and reraising a NoMethodError , but the existence of the bug was rather baffling .
The Bug Reappears
When working on bundler , Carl and I saw the bug again .
This time , we did n't want to let it go .
In this case , we had four virtually identical tests with four identical stack traces leading to NoMethodError or NameError seemingly at random .
Something did n't add up .
After hunting bugs for a few hours ( having dug deeply into Ruby 's source ) , I brought in Evan Phoenix ( of Rubinius ) .
At first , Evan was baffled as well , but he correctly pointed out that the key to understanding what was going on was the difference between NameError and NoMethodError in Ruby .
x = Object.new x.no_method #=> NoMethodError class Testing def vcall_no_method no_method #=> NameError end def call_no_method self.no_method #=> NoMethodError end end
In essence , when Ruby sees a method call with implicit self ( which might be a typo'ed local variable ) , it raises a NameError , rather than a NoMethodError .
However , it still did n't add up , because the call to to_ary was internal , and should n't have been randomly interpreted as a vcall ( a call to a method with implicit self ) or a normal call .
Tracking it Down
Evan dug deeply into the Ruby source , and found how Ruby was determining whether the call was a vcall or a regular call .
static inline VALUE method_missing ( VALUE obj , ID id , int argc , const VALUE * argv , int call_status ) { VALUE * nargv , result , argv_ary = 0 ; rb_thread_t * th = GET_THREAD ( ) ; th->method_missing_reason = call_status ; th->passed_block = 0 ; // ... }
Before calling the method_missing method itself , Ruby sets a thread - local variable called call_status that reflects whether or not the original call was a vcall or a normal call .
Upon further examination , Evan discovered that the call to method_missing in the case of type coercion did not change the thread - local method_missing_reason .
As a result , Ruby raised a NoMethodError or NameError based upon whether the last call to method_missing was a vcall or regular call .
The fix was a simple one - line patch , which allowed us to remove the workaround in ActiveSupport , but it was by far the craziest f*** ing bug I 've ever seen .
Google today released a Mac version of its Google Email Uploader , an application geared toward easing the transition to a Google Apps account .
The application is designed to simplify the process of uploading hundreds of messages at a time from any three of the major Mac e-mail applications : Mail , Eudora , and Thunderbird .
Currently , the Email Uploader will not transfer mail to an ordinary Gmail account ; it requires a Google Apps for a business account .
This is good news for Mac - based businesses looking to outsource their e-mail and take advantage of Google 's system , but have dreaded transferring years ' worth of old messages .
The application is far from perfect , though : for instance , the system limits the uploader to one message per second after 500 messages , but the automation might make it worthwhile to do 500 messages at a time .
One can only hope that Google will soon allow the same thing for regular users of Gmail .
Painlessly uploading thousands of old messages from one of my older e-mail accounts would not only be a good use of the space Google provides , but it would allow me to use Google 's search to sift through them all .
2010 has just started , but unfortunately the 14th season of Top Gear will come to an end next Sunday the 3rd of January .
During the last episode ” Indiana Clarkson ” makes a film about the BMW X6 and ends up creating one of the most expensive road tests in Top Gear history .
Captain Slow drives the new Vauxhall Insignia VXR , together with Margaret Calvert , the designer of Britain ’s road signs .
And finally Mr. Hammond tests the unique Lexus LF - A on the track .
We definitely want to see that !
All three also try out the latest in electric personal transport in the studio .
Oh yes , the Star in a Reasonably Priced Car is blues musician Seasick Steve .
Top Gear airs Sunday 3rd of January , 8 pm on BBC Two .
If you missed it or ca n’t receive BBC2 in your country , please check back here the day after the show for alternative sources .
How to cherry pick data
Here ’s the banner image for the Global Warming Policy Foundation , Nigel Lawson ’s ‘ think ’ tank .
On the left of the image , that ’s a cute data plot of 21st Century global mean temperature ( 2001 - 2008 ) , and , plainly , it shows that the temperature is in decline over the seven year period .
But why only seven years of data , and not 130 years of data ?
For the forward looking chaps at the GWPF , one supposes that would be just too last millennium .
It ’s 2010 , after all .
Why look backward ?
Here ’s why not :
The Global Warming Policy Foundation got it right with their banner image ; that is how to cherry pick data .
Do n’t show , do n’t even hint at , the existence of something that contradicts your message , like 130 years of temperature data with a really clear positive trend .
Just ignore it or deny it .
How not to cherry pick data
With that in mind , take a look at this really quite baffling graph from the website of the Orwellian - named Canadian ‘ Friends of Science ’ :
This series runs from 1979 to 2009 .
It shows data from two averaged satellite temperature records , with the CO2 concentration in green .
Both birds have only been flying since the end of the 1970s , hence the data series starts in 1979 .
“ Surface temperature data is contaminated by the effects of urban development ” , the ‘ Friends ’ tell us , which one supposes must suffice as explanation for their only using satellite data .
As an aside , one wonders if science really needs such friends as these , able to dismiss 130 years of surface temperature measurements and scientific endeavour with an imperious wave of the hand .
But let us persist , and see what the satellite data shows ; perhaps a best fit over the 30 years of satellite measurements will reveal some interesting information .
Well , the ‘ Friends of Science ’ were good enough to plot a best fit ( that odd little purple line on the right ) , but one that started on January 2002 , not 1979 :
“ The best fit line from January 2002 indicates a declining trend . ”
Indeed it does , dear ‘ Friends ’ , but why a best fit for that interval ?
1998 to 2009 would have really made your point .
Plotting a best fit from 2002 , while plainly ignoring the rest of the data , just looks silly .
Where the ‘ Friends of Science ’ went wrong , clearly , was in revealing the existence of a full 30 years of satellite temperature measurements .
If their x-axis had started in 2002 , it would have made for a much more subtle cherry pick than displaying 30 years of data and adding an orphaned best fit line that does n’t cover even a third of the whole plot .
I do n’t know , it ’s as if the ‘ Friends of Science ’ are n’t really committed to denialism .
Take a tip from the GWPF ’s playbook : if you are going to cherry pick data , do n’t blatantly show the audience that is what you have done , and do n’t even hint at the disconcerting existence of such findings as this :
Shhh …
Tags : Denialism , FoS , Friends of Science , Global Warming Policy Foundation , GWPF
Rotund , bald and ferocious , the Fox television boss Roger Ailes is said to have two speeds – attack and destroy .
Every night under his watch , millions of Americans are enthused , engrossed or appalled by a lively diet of angry rightwing rhetoric served up on Fox 's rolling news channel .
But the heady mix of hectoring , finger - pointing and liberal - bashing may be proving too spicy even for the strong stomachs of his employers , the Murdoch clan .
Matthew Freud
Rupert Murdoch 's family , a close - knit , powerful and discreet dynasty scattered across three continents , prefer to air their dirty washing in private .
Rumoured squabbles over inheritance , succession and over Murdoch 's choice of wife have generally played out behind closed doors .
But a gaping crack appeared in the edifice of unity this week as Murdoch 's son- in - law , Matthew Freud , delivered an astonishingly public broadside against Fox News .
Freud , a media - savvy London public relations supremo married to Murdoch 's daughter , Elisabeth , told the New York Times that members of the Murdoch family had become embarrassed by Fox 's output : " I am by no means alone within the family or the company in being ashamed and sickened by Roger Ailes 's horrendous and sustained disregard of the journalistic standards that News Corp , its founder and every other global media business aspires to . "
Freud is said to be adamant that he was speaking on his own behalf , but he is also unrepentant .
His words were calibrated to exert maximum damage and are a stunning blow to one of Murdoch 's longest serving and most successful lieutenants .
Their impact was all the more powerful because such moments of indiscretion are anathema to Murdoch , as one high - ranking former employee recalls .
" When you are in the inner circle , you are expected to keep your mouth shut .
The mafia call it omerta – the code of silence . "
On the face of it , Freud 's remark indicates a rift within the family .
But some Murdoch - watchers believe it may be a more subtle signal .
When Freud spoke , it was not his voice but Murdoch 's that many media observers in the US and Britain heard .
The author Michael Wolff , who recently penned a biography of Murdoch , believes Freud 's outburst may be part of an orchestrated attempt to undermine a lieutenant who is getting a little too powerful .
He points out that none - too - discreet " whispering campaigns " pre-empted the departure of other top executives .
" In many instances , it takes about a year to fire someone at a high level within News Corp .
They kind of marginalise you , stop speaking to you and eventually you get the message that it's over . "
A former political strategist who worked on the successful campaigns of three Republican presidents , Ailes was hired by Murdoch in 1996 to launch Fox News , in a widely scorned effort to challenge the broadcast establishment .
Some 14 years later , Fox is by far America 's favourite specialist news channel , pulling in 2.1 million prime - time viewers every evening – more than its two main rivals , CNN and MSNBC , combined .
In business terms , it is a jewel in the crown of Murdoch 's global media empire , tipped to make $ 700 m ( £ 430 m ) in operating profit in a difficult year for News Corp .
Hit by asset writedowns , the parent company made a loss of $ 3.3 bn last year .
" Fox is a star performer , without a doubt , " says Edward Atorino , a media analyst at Wall Street stockbroking firm Benchmark , and Ailes is a key piece in the News Corp jigsaw .
" There are n't too many Roger Aileses around … If he were to leave , it would leave a huge hole . "
With a pay package of $ 23 m in 2009 , Ailes made more money than Murdoch himself .
Unusually , he has revealed that he personally lobbied Murdoch after hearing that his US papers might endorse Barack Obama .
That irritated younger members of the Murdoch dynasty , while Fox 's coverage of Obama since has left some of them horrified .
Andrew Neil , who edited Murdoch 's Sunday Times for over a decade and is also a former News Corp executive , says James Murdoch and Freud 's wife Elisabeth both supported Obama , while Elisabeth raised funds for the Democrats .
Neither are liberal , he concedes : " They just happen to be marginally more liberal than Rupert .
It 's a difference of tone . "
Neil does n't buy the theory that Freud was acting with Murdoch 's consent , but agrees that " he is reflecting the views of the younger Murdochs " .
" What better way to let their liberal friends know they are upset about the way Fox News is behaving than on the front page of the New York Times , the liberal journal of record ? "
Although promoted under the slogan " fair and balanced " , Fox News horrifies political moderates with the hectoring rhetoric of its prime - time evening anchors .
One man in particular , Glenn Beck , raises liberal hackles with his furious diatribes against Obama .
Advertisers including Procter & Gamble and the insurer Geico withdrew commercials from Beck 's nightly show in August when the anchorman accused Obama of being " racist " towards white people .
Just this week , Beck used a blackboard and chalk to illustrate the supposed similarities of Obama 's policies to those of the Venezuelan president , Hugo Chávez .
Beck is by no means unique .
Conservative commentator Bill O'Reilly has used his primetime Fox show to label Mexicans immigrant " wetbacks " .
A passionate opponent of abortion , he was criticised last year after a Kansas abortion doctor , George Tiller , was murdered .
Repeatedly dubbing him " Tiller the baby killer " , O'Reilly had eviscerated him for operating a " death mill " and " executing babies " for profit .
Fox 's weekend line - up also includes a chatshow hosted by the former Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee , while Sarah Palin was signed up this week as a political commentator .
Fox 's style was inspired by America 's legion of rightwing radio " shock jocks " , according to Kerwin Swint , author of Dark Genius , a biography of Ailes .
" It 's very anti-government , very anti-establishment , " he says .
" Part of Ailes 's philosophy for television is that it should be confrontational .
That draws viewers , it 's exciting for people and it's always been a staple of talk radio . "
Irritated by Fox 's partisan coverage , the White House has upped the ante .
Obama has described the Fox network as " entirely devoted to attacking my administration " and has repeatedly snubbed its shows .
The White House has been accused of failing to call on Fox journalists at press conferences and freezing the channel 's reporters out on overseas trips .
Obama 's officials are unapologetic – Anita Dunn , former White House communications director , described Fox as " the communications arm of the Republican party " .
Fox argues that during daylight hours its coverage is objective , drawing a distinction between daytime reporting and opinion - driven evening shows in the same way that newspapers distinguish between news pages and editorials .
And Fox has a track record of breaking major stories – including news damaging to Republicans .
But clashing with the White House may not help Murdoch 's other business interests , and he has faced pressure to tone Fox down .
" He has members of his family riding him hard about this all the time , " says Wolff , adding that Murdoch has become increasingly embroiled with the liberal " chattering classes " of Manhattan and Hollywood under the influence of his wife , Wendi Deng .
" He spends a lot of time socialising with people who tell him rather constantly that Fox News is contemptible . "
News Corporation was quick to dismiss the row this week , portraying Freud as an outsider .
A spokeswoman said : " Matthew Freud 's opinions are his own and in no way reflect the views of Rupert Murdoch , who is proud of Roger Ailes and Fox News . "
Ailes himself sought to defuse any notion of a rift , telling the Los Angeles Times that " the entire Murdoch family " had always been supportive of him :
" There is nothing to the idea that I have any problem with the children . "
Jack Shafer of the website Slate suspects
Ailes is getting too uppity for his boss 's liking : " There 's only one star in the News Corporation firmament and it's Rupert Murdoch .
You succeed there by keeping your head down and working hard .
Murdoch despises glory - grabbers . "
Neil , who was sacked by Murdoch , concurs .
" He hates it when the hired hands get above themselves , so Ailes 's days are numbered . "
Murdoch will be flying to the Swiss ski resort of Davos in two weeks to rub shoulders with the world 's business and political elite .
Unusually , Freud wo n't be attending .
Murdoch watchers may seize on that as evidence that Freud has been frozen out by Murdoch , at least for now .
Ultimately , however , it may be the rumbustious Ailes who is left out in the cold .
Below is my column in USA Today on the growing calls for packing the Supreme Court with up to six new members as soon as the Democrats gain control of both houses of Congress and the White House .
I was critical of Democratic nominee Joe Biden this week when he refused to answer a question of whether he supports this call by his running mate Kamala Harris and other Democratic leaders .
Biden told reporters “ It ’s a legitimate question , but let me tell you why I ’m not going answer …it will shift the focus . ”
That was an extraordinary statement since if the question was legitimate , the refusal to answer it was not .
Many of us would not support a presidential candidate who supported the packing of the Court .
If Biden considers this a viable option , he is not a viable candidate for many of us .
This is a central issue in the presidential campaign that has been pushed by Harris and top Democrats .
Yet , Biden is refusing to confirm his position .
What is particularly concerning is that Biden precisely and correctly denounced court packing schemes like the one supported by this running mate .
Just a year ago , he insisted “ No , I ’m not prepared to go on and try to pack the court , because we ’ll live to rue that day . ”
Here is the column : Continue reading “ Destroying The Court To Save It : Democrats Wrongly Use Ginsburg To Push Court Packing Scheme ” →
This driver lets you connect to MongoDB , do inserts , queries , updates , etc .
Also has many convience functions inspired by HDBC such as more easily converting between the BsonValue types and native Haskell types .
Jane Hill , main presenter for the BBC ’s rolling news channel , has revealed that she is gay for the first time in the corporation ’s magazine , Ariel .
Hill spoke openly this month about cohabiting in North London with her partner , Sara , and their dog , Mavis .
A colleague said : “ Everyone has known for years that Jane is gay .
She has n’t made a secret of it at the BBC and although she has had other girlfriends over the years , this one seems to be the one . ”
Having joined in 1991 , Hill has worked as a newsreader on the BBC ’s 24 - hour channel for 12 years .
Graduating from Queen Mary , University of London with a degree in politics , Hill first worked at the Democratic National Committee Headquarters in Washington , DC .
On returning to England , she completed the corporation ’s regional news trainee scheme worked for BBC Radio Five Live and BBC Radio Berkshire before joining the BBC News channel for its launch in 1997 .
A longstanding presenter , Hill has covered notable global events , including the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the inauguration of Barack Obama , and the disappearance of Madeleine McCann , which she cited as the hardest case of her career .
Currently a daytime presenter on the channel , Hill broadcasts to weekday audiences alongside Matthew Amroliwala .
She lists her interests outside work as food and wine , swimming and ABBA .
Her partner is a TV camerawoman , they have been together for one year .
by Miguel de Icaza
Thanks to everyone that participated in the campaign to nominate me for a C# MVP award , when I got back to Boston I found on my piles of email that I am now part of the program .
This is Pretty Sweet ( tm ) .
This will be a great opportunity to build more bridges with Windows developers and show them that there is an ECMA CLI life in the other side of the OS spectrum .
Looking forward to the group picture !
Who is the man to beat in Formula 1 2010 ?
TPM had the lowdown this morning :
President Obama will speak today about the devastating earthquake in Haiti , and administration officials huddled all night in the Situation Room to coordinate the government response .
An administration official told TPMDC that Obama was updated by his national security staff at 8:30 p.m. last night and told them " he expects an aggressive , coordinated effort by the U.S. government . "
Yesterday after the quake struck Obama asked aides to check on the status of embassy personnel and kicked the U.S. response into high gear .
... " Each agency is working overnight to ensure that critical resources are positioned to support the recovery effort , including efforts to find and assist American citizens in Haiti , " the official said .
" Both the White House and the State Department are facilitating donations to the International Red Cross through their websites . "
Now before anyone says this should be expected , and is the normal response of a White House , I have one word for you : Katrina .
President Bush , in fact , behaved in the exact opposite way from President Obama .
Anytime there was even a rumor of a possible terrorist attack , Bush was in front of the microphone scaring everyone while saying he was on top of it and , shall we say , " kicking up America 's response in high gear " , even when there were no lives at stake at that moment .
In contrast , as we all remember , President Bush was very slow to respond to the Hurricane Katrina disaster , figuring locals had it and that his heckuva job crony Brownie had it .
And that disaster was on U.S. soil !
People 's lives were in the balance and 1,800 of them died .
Look instead at how President Obama has dealt with helping out Haitians :
Obama coordinates Haiti aid President Barack Obama placed a number of phone calls on Wednesday to coordinate disaster relief for Haiti .
Shortly before 1 p.m. he spoke with U.S. Ambassador to Haiti Kenneth Merten , according to the White House .
Afterward he called Secretary of State Hillary Clinton .
At 2:15 , he spoke with Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper , and he called Mexican President Felipe Calderon at 2:23 .
And at 2:36 , Obama talked with U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon .
Press secretary Robert Gibbs told reporters that Obama also planned to contact Haitian President Rene Preval and speak with other international partners about aid .
Not only that , the Politico ends their report saying that President Obama has canceled his trip to Maryland where he was to discuss energy jobs which is very important to his political agenda .
The point that can be made by the above bits of data is this : President Obama has made the decision that this crisis is top priority and is personally involved in making sure there is a rapid response to . . . . save lives .
You heard that right .
The President of the United States thinks saving lives , lives in jeopardy right now in a foreign land not far from our shores is a higher priority than anything else .
And he is seeing personally to that goal .
For those who have fallen into a bad habit of saying Obama is just like Bush when he does something to disappoint you , please try to remember this day .
Today provides a window into what makes the President tick .
People dying under rubble is intolerable to him , and he wants to do anything in his power to try to help as many people as is physically possible .
That 's his gut talking .
And that is why he is a hero to me today .
Update
The President is adamant and impatient that people need to be helped , and helped quickly .
ABC News :
President Obama to National Security Staff : I Want to Know Why It Is We ’re Not Doing More Meeting with officials from his National Security Staff in the last hour , President Obama was direct .
He ’d just gotten off the phone with Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva and Chilean President Michelle Bachelet to talk about rescue and relief efforts after the Haitian earthquake .
A larger meeting in the Situation Room is scheduled for 7:15 pm EST .
" I expect a full report at 7:15 , " the president told his team , according to NSS chief of staff Denis McDonough .
" I want to know why it is we ’re doing what we are -- and why it is we ’re not doing more . "
As soon as he heard Haiti had experienced an earthquake that registered 7.3 on the Richter scale , with a 5.9 after - shock , McDonough – the one who first told the president the news of the earthquake – knew it would be bad .
Jake Tapper provides a timeline of what has happened at the White House in the last 24 hours .
This was poignant :
After delivering public remarks about the earthquake at 10:20 AM , President Obama contacted US Ambassador to Haiti Kenneth Merten and spoke with him around 12:40 .
" Are you and your family okay ? " the president asked Merten , recalls a White House official present for the call .
" Is your staff okay ? "
After Merten told him everyone with the US Embassy was present and accounted for , the president told him , " I told my team to be as aggressive and responsive as possible .
I want to make sure you ’re getting everything you need from Washington . "
The whole article is worth a read .
Update 2
Ugh , yet shockingly predictable .
Update 3
Also some news about Secretary Clinton and former President Bill Clinton who if you recall is the U.N. special envoy to Haiti :
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton is cutting short her first diplomatic trip of the year and returning to Washington to oversee the United States ’ response to the Haiti earthquake .
The island of Haiti , the poorest in the Western hemisphere , holds a special place in Mrs. Clinton ’s heart , according to her husband , former President Bill Clinton .
" Hillary and I went to Haiti on a delayed honeymoon , " Mr. Clinton said in an interview tonight with CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer .
" We ’ve loved that place for a long time . "
And , breaking news on Twitter :
U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates also cancels Pacific trip to deal with # Haiti crisis - Reuters
Update 4
To certain commenters who are insinuating that this is all words without action , they are simply wrong :
U.S. Military Responds to Haiti Crisis
Even before a devastating 7.0 - magnitute earthquake struck Tuesday , Haiti's infrastructure was shoddy at best , with construction codes virtually non-existent .
Today , the U.S. military began a massive relief effort .
Two C - 130 transport planes flew in with military engineers and communications specialists .
A Coast Guard cutter arrived in Port - au - Prince this morning .
An aircraft carrier - the USS Carl Vinson - should get there by Friday .
And as many as 5,500 U.S. troops are expected within days , as CBS News correspondent David Martin reports .
...
Helping Haiti will require scores of ships and aircraft and thousands of American servicemen and women .
The aircraft carrier Vinson is due to arrive within 48 hours loaded with helicopters .
An amphibious task force with 2,200 marines on board will get there about two days later .
And 3,500 paratroopers are on alert at Fort Bragg , N.C. , available to prevent looting and control crowds .
The first of them could be on the ground as early as tomorrow .
Defense Secretary Robert gates told Gen. Fraser late Wednesday that this operation has the highest priority and he should not hesitate to ask for anything he wants .
Update 5
Wmtriallawyer points out that Bush was not only slow responding to Katrina , but also to the catastrophic Tsunami back in 2004 .
Bush waited a full three days , and only after being rebuked by the U,N. undersecretary - general for humanitarian affairs and emergency relief :
Wednesday , December 29 , 2004 CRAWFORD , Texas ( CNN ) -- President Bush said Wednesday that he has formed an international coalition to respond to the massive tsunami disaster along coastlines of the Indian Ocean .
The president interrupted his vacation at his Texas ranch to speak with reporters for the first time since Sunday 's earthquake - triggered waves killed tens of thousands of people .
Oh , God ( smacking my head ) , remember when we had to put up with this crap all the time of him always being on vacation and not giving a damn about anyone ?
On Monday , Jan Egeland , U.N. undersecretary - general for humanitarian affairs and emergency relief , criticized the world 's " rich countries , " saying , in general , that the amount of foreign aid they gave was " stingy . "
In response , Bush said he " felt like the person who made that statement was very misguided and ill - informed . "
Mentioning the $ 35 million in already - pledged U.S. aid , Bush said the United States is a " very generous , kind - hearted nation , and , you know , what you 're beginning to see is a typical response from America . "
And the old giving the finger to the U.N. schtick had to be thrown in , did n't it ?
The contrast is even more stark after having just read that article .
Update 6
Thanks to LaurenMonica we have news :
Obama formally asks ex-Pres. George W. Bush to help ex -Pres. Clinton in # Haiti ; Bush says he 'll do whatever is necessary - NBC
As I said , President Obama is on a mission to save lives , and this act shows that is what it is about , not politics .
Update 7
TPM has a stellar Haiti Quake Wire up that is constantly updating .
Among this morning 's highlights , President Obama has been unable to get in contact with the President of Haiti , an indication of how chaotic the situation is there .
He has also talked with several world leaders and given his condolences to Brazil and the U.N. for the 16 confirmed dead U.N. staffers :
UN chief Ban Ki-moon says 16 UN personnel have been confirmed dead in an earthquake that flattened the UN's Haiti mission headquarters .
Three were police officers from Jordan .
One was from Argentina , and another from Chad .
Eleven were from Brazil .
The President is still very active working on coordinating relief between all of the federal agencies as well as other countries .
Meanwhile in Haiti :
Turning pickup trucks into ambulances and doors into stretchers , Haitians were frantically struggling to save those injured in this week 's earthquake as desperately needed aid from around the world began arriving Thursday .
Planes carrying teams from China , France and Spain flew into the Port - au - Prince airport with searchers and tons of food , medicine and other supplies — with far more promised soon from around the globe .
Search and rescue squads from Iceland and Fairfax County , Virginia , had arrived the day before and some groups — from Cuba 's government and Doctors Without Borders — used staff already in the country to offer aid immediately after the magnitude - 7 quake struck on Tuesday .
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said that " tens of thousands , we fear , are dead " and said United States and the world must do everything possible to help Haiti surmount its " cycle of hope and despair . "
The U.S. was sending troops and ships along with aid to Haiti , and other nations were joining the effort to help the Western Hemisphere 's poorest nation , where the international Red Cross estimated 3 million people — a third of the population — may need emergency relief .
Update 8
Some welcomed good news :
Disgusted minds are watching people sign a petition for the Fed to purposely cause hyperinflation .
That shows just how bad our education system is .
People graduate from high school , even college , not knowing a thing about interest rates , stocks , bonds , credit cards , Fed policy , or anything else they need to know about money , including what money is and how it is created .
This is by design .
And it needs to change soon .
Mike " Mish " Shedlock
http://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com
Click Here To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
A solar eclipse that reduced the sun to a blazing ring surrounding a black disk has entered the record books as the longest annular eclipse for 1000 years .
The phenomenon which lasted eleven minutes and eight seconds , set a record that will not be beaten for another millennium .
An annular eclipse occurs when the moon only blocks the sun 's middle therefore creating a ring , and could be seen across parts of Central Africa , the Maldives , southern India , northern Sri Lanka , parts of Burma and China .
Local media in the affected areas issued warnings about the dangers of looking directly at the sun , but fascinated onlookers thronged streets to witness the occasion and were plunged into semi-darkness .
These pictures are from Uganda and Kenya .
MANTECAL , Venezuela —
In the vast lowlands of southern Venezuela , anacondas lurk in muddy pools , where the capybara – the world ’s largest rodent – comes to drink .
Jaguars stalk the grasslands , while red howler monkeys shriek overhead .
But their habitat in Los Llanos — home to hundreds of birds and animal species — is shrinking .
Over the past two years , President Hugo Chavez has ordered the nationalization of three of Venezuela ’s largest ecotourism ranches : Hato Pinero , Hato El Cedral and Hato El Frio .
Authorities now plan to convert a small portion of their combined area — roughly 2,000 square kilometers — into farmland .
Chavez announced the move as part of a sweeping government land reform that has , since 2005 , aimed to boost food production and reduce reliance on imports .
A capybara watches warily from the road at Hato El Cedral .
( Rachel Jones / GlobalPost )
Conservationists , however , warn that an expansion of these efforts poses a direct threat to the region ’s diverse fauna .
“ These species will disappear , just as they ’ve disappeared in other parts of Los Llanos , ” said Antonio Gonzalez Fernandez , who teaches the management and conservation of wild fauna at the University of Los Llanos .
For decades , the ranches have served as a destination for safari - seeking tourists , who visit from around the world to gawk at caimans , pose with anacondas or fish for piranhas .
The ranches have also long raised cattle , and hosted biological stations .
But these days , the emphasis is on farming .
At Hato El Cedral , which is now overseen by the Ministry of Agriculture , authorities are planting some 50 square kilometers of crops a year — including corn , rice and sorghum .
“ Tourism is very important for us , ” said Ana Maria Salazar , the ranch ’s new tourism coordinator , gesturing toward a swimming pool where visitors bask in the scorching sun .
Salazar said the flow of visitors , which accounts for roughly 20 percent of income , has held steady since the takeover in the fall of 2008 .
“ But now , the principal objective is the peoples ’ food security , ” she said .
Goods produced at the farm are distributed by a state - run company to government - subsidized supermarkets .
In addition to its 20,000 cattle , Hato El Cedral now houses 2,000 buffalo , which produce milk that is made into cheese and other products .
Operations coordinator Ruben Gonzalez said authorities are taking measures to protect the area ’s fauna , including limiting agricultural projects to the outer edges of the ranch , and using biological controls rather than harmful pesticides .
One pilot project with Vietnam is testing the use of fish to control pests in rice paddies , he said .
While some experts say much of the land in Los Llanos is n’t conducive to planting crops , Gonzalez disagrees .
“ We did n’t plant anything before , ” he said excitedly .
“ Now , we ’re breaking out of this routine and realizing that we can do other things . ”
At nearby Hato El Frio , where soldiers with AK - 47s man the entrance , such ambitions remain in the planning stages .
The gate is freshly painted bright red , and adorned with the ranch ’s new name : The Marisela Socialist Ecological Livestock Farming Company .
But inside , activity seems to have come to a standstill .
Some 20 tractors , assembled in Venezuela with Iranian help , sit idle .
At the main office , a woman plays solitaire on the computer while a handful of other employees stand by .
Luis Gamarra , the 27 - year - old human resources coordinator , said he moved up from his position as a ranch hand after aiding the government in the takeover .
As he spoke , Gamarra paused occasionally to grant employees ’ requests for cash , at one point handing over a wad as thick as his wrist .
“ I ’ve been with the revolution since Chavez arrived , ” Gamarra said , adding that the previous owners had exploited the workers by requiring them to labor for 12 - hour days at minimum wage — a situation that he says has since improved dramatically .
“ Chavez has helped many people . ”
The former owners of Hato El Frio could not be reached for comment on the allegations .
For now , the ranch is producing little , but Gamarra said this will change :
The first of five milk production centers should be finished this year , while authorities aim to plant some 3,000 hectares of rice — 125 times the size of last year ’s crop , he said .
The ranch , which previously housed some 60 guests at a time , has also been closed to tourists since the takeover — but Gamarra said that efforts to reopen it are underway .
“ They ’re going to fix this so that they come again , ” he said , pointing to huts in various stages of reconstruction .
“ They can come and take their photographs , do their tour . ”
For Ramon Gonzalez — the owner of nearby ecotourism ranch Rancho Grande , which has been hosting visitors for 25 years — this , too , is vital for conservation efforts .
“ I learned from tourism , ” he said .
“ A tour without animals , without birds ?
It ’s nothing .
So we protect these animals . ”
The majestic steel beams of a soaring office tower beginning to rise from the ruins of the World Trade Center are a tribute to American resilience , but also a marker in the decline of yet another industry .
Not an inch of imported glass went into the two lost towers , built 40 years ago .
The lower floors of the new one will soon be sheathed in Chinese glass .
The decline of glassmaking in America started gradually in the 1990s and accelerated during the Great Recession .
What ’s more , the big companies , like Corning and Guardian Industries , say that even as the economy improves , they are unlikely to bring domestic employment and production back to prerecession levels .
Imports , for one thing , inhibit sales .
And bigger profits lie abroad , so they are channeling investment and expansion to their overseas factories .
“ Those who are looking through the rearview mirror , waiting for the glass industry in this country to come back , should know it is n’t going to come back , not the way it was , ” Russell J. Ebeid , Guardian ’s chairman , said in an interview .
With the nation ’s unemployment rate hovering at 10 percent , the possibility of stemming job losses holds considerable appeal .
So , in an argument likely to be repeated if unemployment persists at record high levels , some are pressing the Obama administration to offer protection for the nation ’s glassworkers by raising existing tariffs on imported glass , particularly from China , as is happening on steel and tires .
That action or something similar is supported by the United Steelworkers and also by many of the small manufacturers that operate more than 300 factories in this country .
Gilbert Arenas Better Eat His Wheaties ( Because He Wo n’t Be On the Box )
Those high school yearbook proclamation ’s never turn out like people think , do they ?
Consider Gilbert Arenas , aka Agent Zero .
Gilbert has found success and trouble in many different ways since his high school days .
But it looks like he ’ll never get to fulfill that senior year prediction from his classmates of “ Most Likely to Be On a Wheaties Box ” .
Even though Arenas has some good explanations for the whole gun incident , the only way he gets on the box now is if they start a special edition for the Washington Penal League .
Or maybe the All - NBA Banned edition .
How will Arenas spend his days now that he has been suspended from the league ?
Maybe we ’ll find him at a local park getting in some one on one games with Dwight Schrute .
More likely we ’ll find him at his attorney ’s office .
Looks as if the Wizards are trying to void the remainder of Arenas ’ huge contract .
And he not only broke NBA rules by bringing guns into the arena , he also violated Washington , D.C. ordinances .
You ca n’t really blame the Wiz for wanting out of the deal .
Arenas has n’t played in 80 games in a season since 2005 - 06 .
That ’s many years and millions of dollars ago .
If he does n’t get reinstated and play again this year , Arenas will have played a grand total of 47 games over the last 3 seasons .
Hibachi ?
Not .
Hat Tip Image – [ You Been Blinded ]
Check Out Our Friends Great Stories
Share This
As a tech blogger , I often have to take screenshots or make screencasts of software that I ’m reviewing .
Now , screenshots are easy and most operating systems have built - in methods of doing so and then there are excellent freeware applications also to edit images .
If nothing else , a simple “ Print Screen ” works almost always .
But , screencasts are a totally different ballgame .
None of the operating systems that I know of come with software to create screencasts and the third party solutions are either expensive or simply not worth the effort .
Videos are also difficult to take , edit and store and that is probably one reason why we do n’t see too many bloggers making use of this awesome medium .
The latest tool that I ’ve come across in the screencasting genre , Screenr , might just change my opinion , though , and I can definitely see myself making use of it .
Screenr is a cross platform web based tool that let ’s you make screencasts that can be played almost anywhere , including on mobile devices such as the iPhone .
The best part about Screenr is that it is an absolutely no-configuration - required service and does n’t even require one to register to use it – Just click on the Record button on the homepage and sit back and relax .
Before Screenr can start recording , though , it requires you to select the portion of the screen that it ’ll record .
Use the small squares along the dotted line to re-size the window and click the red button to start recording .
As soon as you click the Record button , the Cancel button transforms into a green button that says Done and after a short 3 second countdown the recording begins .
Only the portion of the screen that you ’ve selected will be recorded and you can even pause the recording for a while if you want .
Once you ’ve completed making the screencast , click Done and you ’ll be taken back to the Screenr site where you can describe the screencast that you made and optionally tweet out a link to your Twitter followers to look at it .
If you do n’t want to tweet the screencast link , check the box that says so and click the Post It button instead .
Screenr will require you to enter your Twitter credentials now .
Screenr makes a web version of the screencast and uploads it to it ’s website and while the you ’re waiting , an iPhone optimised version of the screencast will also be created and uploaded for all your iPhone wielding friends .
You can now either choose to embed the screencast on a webpage or just tweet out the link to the page to all your followers .
One limitation of Screenr is that it only lets you make screencasts of a maximum of 5 minutes , but I do n’t think that should be a big problem for most people and since Screenr lets you download the MP4 files , stitching them together is always an option if you want a longer video .
All this in a free tool , and you wo n’t be surprised why I ’m sold .
Have you guys played with Screencasts for your blog ?
Which tool do you use the purpose ?
Posted on January 17 , 2010
Obama Heckled At Coakley Rally
President Obama is heckled by a protester at a rally for Martha Coakley .
MORE VIDEO : Heckler Removed From Event
This is a new and exciting day .
I have been sitting in the ” Mickey Mouse ” - bar ( because it looks like Mickey Mouse , although I have come to question that : it does not look like a Mickey Mouse head ) at the European parliament talking to Marina Lähteenmaa and Björn Källström from Europaparlamentet i Sverige for a while about the Lisbon treaty and the ascension of the new MEPs into the European parliament .
The questions are plentyful and the answers are none .
Basically :
When will full ascension happen ? :
The full ascension could happen at any time between 2010 - 2014 .
An amending protocol to the Lisbon treaty needs to be ratified by the Council and perhaps by the Parliament .
This depends on whether or not the Parliament will ask for a ” convention ” or not .
They will ask for a convention if the Sarkoszy plan for Lisbon MEPs goes through .
If it does n’t , the entire process might be over in as short a time as a 15 minute coffee break .
When will observer status happen ?
This again depends .
Follow - up questions the have n’t been settled are :
Will all the new MEPs become observers at the same time or will they become observers as they are nominated ( I have for instance already been nominated by the Swedish department for elections ) ?
If they are appointed , who will pay ?
Allegedly , a parliament protocol paragraph says that the parliament will pay , but some people still argue it ’s on the responsibility of national parliaments .
National parliaments are not keen on assuming the responsibility .
Again , it ’s an issue still to be settled .
How will the new MEPs be nominated ?
For Sweden this was an easy question because we have a proportional election system : because the Pirate Party got a certain percentage of the votes , we get two MEPs under the Lisbon treaty .
But in the UK they will have to settle which electorial circuit ( term ? ) gets a MEP under the new treaty ( they ’re not currently all represented ) .
In France , it ’s even more complicated and slightly ugly .
The president , beloved and utmost democratic minded president Sarkoszy has decided that the parliament will pick from their own ranks a socialist and a conservative to fill the places .
The Greens are outraged , and so are the socialists , because this does not conform with the will of the voters .
Furthermore , the European Parliament are outraged because if the French president decides who becomes an MEP they can hardly claim to be a publically elected institution .
The president does not constitute the public .
The Spanish presidency will want to prioritize the issue of ascension since they gain four new MEPs under the treaty .
Other nations will not be in such a hurry , because they do n’t really gain anything .
Germany ought to be happy , because they ’ll have three MEPs too many for a full 4,5 years ( starting now ) .
I will not be so happy , because I ’m very short on money and have a lot of work to do .
So far I have worked with my future assistant Mab ( also on Twitter ! ) on setting up a calendar with my appointments .
I have written a blogpost ( obviously ) , and answered a couple of e-mails .
This afternoon I ’m hoping to get to know my provisorial office , work on competition policies in the telecoms sector ( including the current situations in Spain , Germany , France and the UK : any help would be welcome ) , and have the time to read up on the Spanish bill on shutting down internet sites that facilitate copyright infringement .
I also have a date with pettter at 1400 .
We will be working on an appeal to the Consilium Register after having been turned down when requesting for documents late last year .
Blagh .
Secrecy .
These days quite a few people are frustrated with President Obama ’s failure to challenge conservative ideology .
The spending freeze — about which the best thing you can say in its favor is that it ’s a transparently cynical PR stunt — has , for many , been the final straw : rhetorically , it ’s a complete concession to Reaganism .
But why should we be surprised ?
Here ’s one from the vault .
Two years ago , I was deeply frustrated with Obama ’s apparent endorsement of the Reagan myth .
There was a lot of delusion among progressives who convinced themselves , in the face of clear evidence to the contrary , that Obama was a strong champion of their values .
He was n’t and is n’t .
That does n’t mean that there ’s no difference between the parties , that everything would have been the same if McCain had won .
But progressives are in the process of losing a big chance to change the narrative , and that ’s largely because they have a leader who never had any inclination to do so .
Neighbourhood renewal policy action is needed , according to the report
The gap between rich and poor in the UK is wider now than 40 years ago , a government - commissioned report says .
" Deep - seated and systemic differences " remain between men and women and minority groups in pay and employment , the National Equality Panel found .
It said in areas such as neighbourhood renewal , taxes and education , policy action was needed to limit inequality .
The issues raised would need " sustained and focused action " , Equalities Minister Harriet Harman said .
" But for the sake of the right of every individual to reach their full potential , for the sake of a strong and meritocratic economy and to achieve a peaceful and cohesive society , that is the challenge that must be met , " she added .
Earning power
Apparent discrimination against people from ethnic minorities was revealed in the report , with those from nearly every minority group less likely to be in paid work than white British men and women .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
The panel - set up by the government in 2008 - found that despite women up to the age of 44 having better qualifications than men , men were still paid up to 21 % more per hour .
But the authors pointed out that some of the greatest differences come within social groups .
Among women , many work part - time , earning less than £ 7.20 an hour , much less than the median pay of £ 9.90 across the country .
" Most political parties and people subscribe to the ideal of ' equality of opportunity ' , " panel chair Professor John Hills , of the London School of Economics , told the BBC .
" The challenge that our report puts down to all political parties is how do you create a level playing field when there are such large differences between the resources that different people have available to them .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Things that allow you to buy a house in the catchment area of a good school or allow you to help your children get on the housing ladder .
These are very big differences . "
The study said that the type of job and pay a parent had could have a cumulative effect throughout a person 's life , setting them on " tracks that make all sorts of differences " .
By retirement , the difference between rich and poor can be " colossal " , the report added .
The panel pointed out that half of those who have worked in the top professions have net assets worth more than £ 900,000 , while a 10th of those who have had unskilled jobs have property , savings and possessions worth less than £ 8,000 .
BBC social policy correspondent Gillian Hargreaves said the report would make " awkward reading for the government " as Labour had made tackling inequality a priority .
Theresa May , shadow minister for women and equalities , told the BBC that Labour 's policies had failed .
" It is shocking that after 13 years of a government that wanted to focus on child inequality , we 're still in this situation , " she said .
" Labour has had a one - dimensional approach , looking at the symptoms , not the causes .
For example , one in six children are growing up in a workless household .
We need policies that can make equality a reality . "
The Liberal Democrats ' children , schools and families spokesman , David Laws , said Gordon Brown 's government had " run out of ideas for tackling the lack of opportunity for so many children and the chasm that separates the rich from the poor " .
Arsenal goal of the decade : the results revealed
A COUPLE of weeks ago I asked Goodplaya.com readers to vote for their Arsenal goal of the decade .
Whereas the Arsenal.com competition limited visitors to picking one goal from a shortlist of 10 , I gave you 50 goals , allowed you to award each one either bronze ( 1 point ) , silver ( 2 points ) , gold ( 3 points ) or nothing and also let you pick your best ( an extra 5 points ) .
Videos of most of the 50 goals are available here .
But now for the results , in reverse order .
See the bottom of the post for a few observations :
50 . 04-05 : Henry v Munich
48 =. 05-06 : Henry home to Liverpool
48 =. 04-05 : Vieira at Liverpool
47 . 03-04 : Henry free - kick at Charlton
46 . 01-02 : Henry v Leverkusen
45 . 01-02 : Ljungberg at Liverpool
44 . 03-04 : Vieira v Leicester
43 . 04-05 : Reyes v Boro
42 . 08-09 : RVP at Everton
41 . 99-00 : Kanu v Deportivo
40 . 00 -01 : Parlour v Valencia
39 . 05-06 : Henry v Spurs
38 . 04-05 : Henry v Chelsea
37 . 09 - 10 : Cesc ’s 2nd v Villa
34 =. 01-02 : Ljungberg v Juventus
34 =. 03-04 : Henry ’s last of four v Leeds
34 . 03-04 : Henry v City
33 . 07-08 : Adebayor at Anfield
32 . 05-06 : Henry in Prague
30 =. 05-06 : Cesc v Juventus
30 =. 03-04 : Reyes first v Chelsea
29 . 04-05 : Vieira v Everton
28 . 03-04 : Henry at Inter
26 =. 06-07 : Henry at Blackburn
26 =. 07-08 : Cesc at Spurs
25 . 07-08 : Flamini v Newcastle
24 . 03-04 : Vieira at Spurs
23 . 08-09 : Nasri v United
21=. 09 - 10 : Arshavin at Liverpool
21=. 08-09 : Adebayor at Villareal
20 . 03-04 : Pires curler at Liverpool
19 . 02-03 : Henry at West Ham
18 . 04-05 : Henry backheel v Charlton
17 . 01-02 : Parlour FA Cup final
16 . 05-06 : RVP v Blackburn
15 . 01-02 : Bergkamp v Leverkusen
14 . 08-09 : Eduardo v Burnley
13 . 08-09 : Arshavin ’s fourth at Anfield
12 . 02-03 : Pires lob v Southampton
11 . 01-02 : Ljungberg FA Cup final
10 . 07-08 : Adebayor at Spurs
9. 05-06 : Henry in Madrid
8. 07-08 : Cesc in Milan
7. 09 - 10 : Cesc v Spurs
6. 01-02 : Pires lobbing Schmiechal
5. 02-03 : Henry at home v Spurs
4. 03-04 : Henry dances through Liverpool
3. 06-07 : RVP at Charlton
2. 00 -01 : Henry v Man United
1. 01-02 : Bergkamp at Newcastle
A few thoughts :
- The top three are the same as the Arsenal.com top three .
- Bergkamp ’s goal won by a landslide , with one in three people voting it their top goal .
- You could n’t even pick Pires lobbing Schmiechal in the Arsenal.com one .
- Cesc v
Spurs this season is very highly rated but to put it all down to recency is perhaps wrong .
After all , neither his more recent goal v Villa and Arshavin ’s strike at Anfield ranked highly .
The interesting thing about the Cesc goal was that while only a couple of people picked it as their goal of the decade , very large numbers gave it a gold award .
- One of my personal favourites is Henry v West Ham away .
Arguably it features the second best touch of the decade from an Arsenal player , with Bergkamp at Newcastle the best .
Below are both goals .
Enjoy .
Leave a Reply
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Repost
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
First of all ..... when 28 % of you brain dead fucking morons give a blithering IDIOT like Sarah Palin positive approval ratings and think she ought to run for president in 2012 , it really makes me sick to know I am lumbered with that many mouth - breathing Cro-Magnons
I unfortunately have to consider as my fellow countrymen .... trust me ..... I do n't .
You motherfuckers are beyond help .
And before you go thinking this is a " liberal " based rant ..... that brings me to one more item on an ever - lengthening list .
This " Liberal " versus " Conservative " paradigm that so many of you simple dunces buy into ..... as BOTH parties sell you out to the multinational corporations , banks and special interests that actually run Washington D.C. ) ..... you do this STUPID dance every day , blithely detatched from the reality that YOU YOURSELF are helping to DIVIDE AND CONQUER the nation , as you myopically beat your little Hannity / Olberman drum of FUTILE self - righteous indignation .
PATHETIC .THIS is a nation of PUSSIES AND FUCKING COWARDS .
If this nation had any BALLS WHATSOEVER , there would be a trail of DEAD MEN SWINGING FROM THE ENDS OF ROPES leading from AIG , thru WALL STREET , the not - so " Federal " reserve , the 9/11 commission , and right through every other set - up con-job you people just buy into like a bunch of CATTLE BEING LED TO SLAUGHTER .
It 's not that Americans do n't give a fuck ..... every misled , misdirected group that goes out and crusades for the " Grand Cause " they think is responsible for the decimation of this ONCE great nation proves that ..... the problem IS that the problem ISN'T illegal aliens ( i.e. Minutemen ) or Democrats in Washington ( i.e. Teabaggers ) or conservative policies ( i.e. Code Pink ) ....... the problem is ......
AMERICANS THEMSELVES .AMERICANS
have sat on THEIR ASSES while Washington and the Pentagon have BANKRUPTED THE TREASURY and sent our sons and daughters into MEAT GRINDERS in Iraq and Afghanistan for WMD's and connections to 9/11 that did NOT EXIST and even AFTER the overwhelming evidence that the intel was " swept all up " ( doctored , falsified , unreliable ) you STUPID SHEEP keep buying into the BRAIN DEAD notion that somehow , these wars are for the FREEDOM of America .
You 're an IDIOT .
They 're wars for EMPIRE .
Your son's and daughter 's BLOOD is being used as OIL to grease an evil , out of control WAR MACHINE .... Your money and financial security is being DEVOURED by Wall St. and the Federal Reserve , with collusion from YOUR ELECTED REPRESENTATIVES , and your standard of living is slowly eroding into a two - class system as the middle class is being FORCED INTO EXTINCTION ............ and you do NOTHING to stop ANY of it .
You ignorant FOOLS who send shotgun Emails to all your friends warning of " death panels " and other such HEALTH INSURANCE INDUSTRY PROPAGANDA , yes , you friggin' GOMERS actually think the Health Insurance Industry has your best interests in mind , and it's " dat mean ol ' gubmint " that wants to penalize you by providing your family health care that is n't profit - based .
MEDICARE only got passed because it effectively REMOVED the highest - risk group to the insurance providers ( the elderly ) from the ' pool ' of prospective insurees , thereby minimizing their financial exposure .
It 's completely lost on most people that catastrophic illness is the main reason for personal bankruptcy .... and that 75 % of those who had to file HAD health insurance .
And this is the ' status quo ' many of you are defending .
You are BEYOND dense .
America has lost it 's HONOR , as well as it's collective senses .
I do n't wish upon America any malice or catastrophe ..... trust me , this is happening with assistance and collusion from the top down , not from some Arab in a cave .
I just want to leave peacefully and live in a place that does n't have leaders that hope for a " catastrophic and catalyzing event " to promote a war agenda that takes pride in kicking the shit out of unarmed peasants living in the dirt .... then blames them for retaliating .
Ca n't wait to see this dysfunctional madhouse in my rear view mirror .
When you abide by a system of government that you FULLY EXPECT will side AGAINST YOU and WITH corporate lobbyists ( MANY of whom represent interests that are not even from the USA ) who BRIBE THEM WITH BALES OF CASH .... and are working 24/7 to maximize their profits and minimize their potential competition in the marketplace ..... all at the expense of you and your family .... and do n't lift a FINGER to do ANYTHING TO CHANGE IT ...... you fucking DESERVE WHAT'S COMING .
What might that be .....?
Think Germany and the treaty of Versailles ..... when a wheelbarrow full of Deutschmarks is what it took to buy a MEAL .
WHEN the dollar collapses ..... not IF , WHEN ..... THAT'S when you 'll really begin to see the true definition of FASCISM .
The unity of government and corporations to economically and militarily control it 's people .
History WILL repeat itself .... but if you 're like so many of the morons in the USA who think they 're so smart but do n't know SHIT ..... it will all be NEW TO YOU .
Good luck ..... you 'll need it .
This is the most ARROGANT nation in EXISTANCE , second only to ISRAEL .... and since ALL of our politicians are falling over backwards to kiss Israel 's ASS on a daily basis , fully knowing that exposing any inconvenient TRUTH about them equals political SUICIDE .... that and the mass media in America that feeds it 's daily ration of BULLSHIT is controlled by individuals biased towards them as well .... ANYONE who thinks they know what is going on because they read TIME magazine and watch CNN , FOX news OR MSNBC ..... you are DELUSIONAL .
One nation under God ....?
What a JOKE .
MONEY is God here pal .... even people who are reading this who hate the words I typed KNOW this is true .
What does it say in your bible about the love of money ?
The root of all evil , no ?
How DARE this nation question human rights abuses of other nations after Abu Ghraib and countless other bombing and torture campaigns , where it was stated it is passable to crush the testicles of young boys in front of their fathers to extract information .
How DARE this nation deign to be the world 's nuclear police when WE are the only nation to ever USE NUKES .
MOST of you actually consider Palestinians as TERRORISTS , when it is THEY who have been occupied , imprisoned behind 25 foot high concrete walls and denied basic human decency by APARTHEID ISRAEL .
Those of you who get your info from American media REMAIN IGNORANT OF THE TRUTH .
You 're probably wondering if I 'm some Arab , or other person hostile to " America 's Freedoms " lol ....
Yeah , you 're really free here ....... Free to go BANKRUPT if you get sick , even if you HAVE HEALTH INSURANCE .
Free to vote on DIEBOLD voting machines that can flip elections and leave no paper trail .
Free to watch your life savings DWINDLE AND EVAPORATE into the pockets of the ROBBER BARONS you PATRONIZE .
Free to watch your JOB get shipped to CHINA .... and then you fucking FOOLS buy the goods PRODUCED FORM THOSE JOBS at Wal Mart , further REWARDING AND ENCOURAGING businesses to CONTINUE this pattern .
I have never bought a fucking THING from Wal - Mart , and if you have ..... you are a simple , stupid FUCKSTICK .
You 're free to be video monitored , photographed by the millisecond at traffic light traps , electronically surveiled , searched with no warrant , shaken down and partially disrobed at airports , free to be told how much shampoo you are allowed to carry in your luggage , free to buy processed foods that give you cancer , genetically altered vegetables that contain neat things like INSECT DNA , free to pay more than ANY OTHER COUNTRY ON THE PLANET for pharmeceuticals , free to be the pharmaceutical company 's guinea pig for drugs that have potentially catastrophic side effects , free to have PUBLIC POLICY DICTATED TO YOU by government ' officials ' that have dual citizenship with ISRAEL , free to have ANY MEANINGFUL TRUTH WITHHELD FROM YOU by the mass media ........... and free to be one of the ONE OUT OF EVERY HUNDRED AMERICANS living in PRISON .
Land of the free , home of the brave ??
More like land of the SHEEP and home of the SLAVE .it's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
READER COMMENTS ON
" BUSTED : It 's Hard Out Here For a ( Fake ) Rightwing Pimp and Phone Tapper "
( 78 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Eric Davis said on 1/26/2010 @ 3:42 pm PT ...
Brad , I knew you'd be all over this one .
It would be such great stuff for a Crime Scene storyline !
~e .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Jon in Iowa said on 1/26/2010 @ 3:51 pm PT ...
I wonder if Breitbart will call for capital punishment .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... zapkitty said on 1/26/2010 @ 3:55 pm PT ...
And the weird thing is this ...
Landrieu has been a strong ally for the corporations and the right - wing .
Did n't O'Keefe get the memo ?
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... majii said on 1/26/2010 @ 4:00 pm PT ...
It must be mighty embarrassing for those U.S. Congressmen who signed the resolution honoring O'Keefe for his fake ACORN videos !
Ha ha ha ha ha !
Karma is indeed a b!tch .
If any of them were my child , he 'd still be in jail .
I do n't expect Breitbart , Fuchs Noose , or any of the rw radio " entertainers " to have much to say about this incident , except that maybe they have n't really done anything .
Forget about the witnesses who saw them at the federal building , forget what is in the affidavit , forget everything except defending them and making endless excuses for their behavior .
If the subject comes up on Fuchs Noose , it will immediately devolve into a focus on how corrupt President Obama and the liberals are , and how we are destroying the country .
We did n't break into the Watergate building , try to wiretap a republican senator 's phone , or blow up a federal building like McVeigh , but it does n't matter because liberals / progressives are violent and corrupt .
I read something that Charles Johnson said in a LA Times article recently , and it has stayed in my mind .
He said that he never received from any liberal / progressive the death threats , threats of violence , and hate mail that he has received from the conservatives / republicans since he disagreed with them , even on the very contentious issue of whether GWB was right in invading Iraq .
This says a lot about many on the other side of the aisle , not all of them , but quite a few of them .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Brighter than Bart said on 1/26/2010 @ 4:03 pm PT ...
All of the conspirators are highly respected conservative activists of the Rove variety .
This is just an initiation ritual .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Pablo de Albuquerque said on 1/26/2010 @ 5:37 pm PT ...
Reminds me if Increda - boy from The Incredibles - " and your costume looks totally ridiculous ! " - Bon Voyaje
Looks like a College Republican trying to dress up like a pimp - as we say in NM : " not even " !
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 1/26/2010 @ 6:20 pm PT ...
So let me get this straight ...
- These guys entered a Federal building under false pretenses ...
- They attempted to tamper with the phone system located in a Federal Building ...
I do n't know about anyone else ... but I 'm sure that the above two facts are Homeland Security violations .
Should n't these yahoos be headed to Guantanomo for an interminable amount of time and denied any legal representation etc etc ...
I mean the alleged " terrorists " we have incarerated at Guantanomo have been accused of much less ...
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/26/2010 @ 6:40 pm PT ...
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
!!!!!!!!!
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/26/2010 @ 6:43 pm PT ...
Maybe Breitbart will come out with a story that Sesame Street is biased , to run interference for O'Keefe .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/26/2010 @ 8:45 pm PT ...
Are you sure that is n't Ann Coulter ?... That photo ...
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/26/2010 @ 8:59 pm PT ...
" Stan Dai has ties to CIA " Good , I was waiting for this .
Remember when Cheney and company was politicizing the DOJ ?
Remember when Cheney and company sent Porter Goss to the CIA to do " oversight " ?
Draw your own conclusions but there is flat out treason going on here IMO .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... MsAnnaNOLA said on 1/26/2010 @ 10:33 pm PT ...
Wow this is so weird .
Keith Olberman and Johnathan Turley say the first count alone is worth 10 years .
Remember in Federal prison there is no time off for good behavior .
Turley also postulates that this is just the first charge .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 1/26/2010 @ 11:19 pm PT ...
This is hilarious .
I 've been in the sky or in airports most of the day .
As soon as I got home and saw this on the MSNBC homepage , I flipped right over here , knowing that it would be the headline of the day !
Maybe there is a god ....
Nah !
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... mcthorogood said on 1/26/2010 @ 11:22 pm PT ...
One word , Schadenfreude !
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... ravenhairedmaid said on 1/26/2010 @ 11:54 pm PT ...
This is such a shock .
Everyone knows that if he'd simply joined a group to undermine the government and bombed buildings or something harmless like that , he'd get a college teaching job and launch liberal presidential campaigns .
Tapping a public servants phone just pales by comparison , does n't it ?
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 1/27/2010 @ 12:40 am PT ...
Oh My God cue appropriately creepy organ music Did I just witness : Return of the Ayers Yes , folks , now that the perennial favorite CHAPPAQUIDDICK has worn out its final reel , we bring to you Chicago Citizen of the year , 1997 and reformed terrorist William Ayers .
You thought that story was dead , but you were wrong .
Sleep with one eye open .
Lock your doors and bolt your windows .
Stock up on garlic and silver bullets .
Hear William
Ayers make outrageous statements , like - " The Weather Underground went on to take responsibility for placing several small bombs in empty offices ....
We did carry out symbolic acts of extreme vandalism directed at monuments to war and racism , and the attacks on property , never on people , were meant to respect human life and convey outrage and determination to end the Vietnam war . "
New , in this sequel , watch right - wing " morans " perform majik , sleight - of - mouth , and other illusion , such as the alchemy of combining " Investigations by The New York Times , CNN , and other news organizations concluded that Obama does not have a close relationship with Ayers " with " if you can place two people in the same room at the same time , or if you can show that they held a conversation , or shared a cup of coffee ... then you have demonstrated that they share ideas , policies , outlook , influences , and , especially , responsibility for each other 's behavior " and turning it into " launch ( ing ) liberal campaigns . "
Coming soon to a political theater near you .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/27/2010 @ 3:55 am PT ...
SR , it 's more like ; " Remember when the " conservatives " installed corporate political operatives in every branch of Government and media ownership to run a 24 hour - a - day 7 days - a - week propaganda campaign manipulating the [ ignorant segment of the ] electorate against progressive causes , moving this cuntree towards Fascism at an alarming rate ? " ... oh wait ...
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/27/2010 @ 7:33 am PT ...
O'Keefe went to " 11 " on this one : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EbVKWCpNFhY
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... LarryMo said on 1/27/2010 @ 8:42 am PT ...
Since O'Keefe is Breitbart 's EMPLOYEE , when did he first hear about the arrest ?
His non-reply to TPM was along the lines of " WTF ???
Wowser .
Shocked . "
Really , Andy ?
I sure hope that the phone O'Keefe was filming his co-conspirators with has a phone log that shows Breitbart was in touch with the N.O. gang before ( during ? ) the crime .
As good as this story already is , kicking it up a notch and getting Andy Breitbart into the indictment would be the icing on the cake .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... ravenhairedmaid said on 1/27/2010 @ 9:14 am PT ...
Thank you , SR , for those figgy theatrics of how deep pathological denial can go , even in the age of the internet and instant fact - checking , when the launch of the world 's most important political campaign is compared to sharing a cup of kool - aid .
I mean coffee .
By the way SR , why DID you support Teddy after his drunk driving resulted in a dead woman ?
I can't wait to see the semantic concoctions on that score .
And I can tell Floridiot spent a lot of time with those sources you mentioned , all of which happen to have a confirmed confluence to the left , as remarkably few seconds on google can show , such as this from the UCLA : " Overall , the major media outlets are quite moderate ... but even so , there is a quantifiable and significant bias in that nearly all of them lean to the left , " ( http://newsroom.ucla.edu/portal/ucla/Media-Bias-Is-Real-Finds-UCLA-6664.aspx)
Wow !
There goes the juice for THAT conspiracy theory !
It 's ok though , Flor .
Most folks are aware of it even if you are n't : http://www.mediaresearch...g/flash/2008/Oct2008.pdf
I 'm sure you 're a smart man when it comes right down to it , you just get carried away in your passionate hatred for those who do n't agree with your ideas .
Oh , and congratulations to all the liberals here on BO 's support of warrantless wiretapping , more troops in Afghanistan , more trillions in debt , and that Gitmo thingy still gaping open like a broken maw .
What a change .
Then again , it 's not as if he'd worked long enough in politics to give a clear idea of what he'd do .
Tsk .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 1/27/2010 @ 9:34 am PT ...
ravenhairedmaid @ 20
Do you deflect much ?
1 . Ayers - O'Keefe
Is n't apples and oranges .... it's apples and hamburgers .
2 . Your tit for tat playground screed ... sounds like " I know you are but what am I ? "
3 . Why are n't you appalled that O'Keefe gained access to a Federal building in order to bug an elected official 's phone ?
I wonder what the Patriot Act and Homeland security think of those activities ?... yet you 'll minimize and defend them .
You can trot out Teddy Kennedy ( dead ) , Bill Ayers ( irrelevent ) or Obama 's continutation of W Bush 's illegal policies all you want ...
But you sound like a fasict apologist simply seeking to change the topic ...
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 1/27/2010 @ 9:38 am PT ...
Re : comment 21 ....
3 . Why are n't you appalled that O'Keefe gained access to a Federal building in order to bug an elected official 's phone ?
Let me add O'Keefe illegally gained access to a Federal building under false pretenses in order to tamper with and bug a telephone line ...
Sounds like something a terrorist would do ....
ya ' think ?
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 1/27/2010 @ 9:41 am PT ...
I can always tell when Brad scores a hit ...
The rightwing troll machine goes into kneejerk action .
They show up spinning wilding , attempting to muddy the topic and change the discussion ...
It never fails ....
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... colinjames said on 1/27/2010 @ 10:16 am PT ...
Did someone step in something ?
There 's a distinct smell of TROLLSH*T coming from the comments section ...
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/27/2010 @ 10:44 am PT ...
This is better than Christmas !
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/27/2010 @ 10:48 am PT ...
Hey , maybe this 'll get better .
Maybe Breitbart 's connected to it !
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/27/2010 @ 10:50 am PT ...
Brad : has Breitbart been " twittering " you on this ?
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... sophia said on 1/27/2010 @ 11:27 am PT ...
It 's hilarious & all & yet Mr. Changehope is about to shoot another cannonball into the side of the U.S.S. Amurruka .
We 're sunk folks .
This dweeb will probly get off light .
And we 'll be paying for his hots & cot .
Where will ) + _ be sleeping when our ship of state sinks ?
Ttfn .
Time for a nap .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... sophia said on 1/27/2010 @ 11:33 am PT ...
That strange set of characters was meant to be : YOU .
As in : where will YOU be sleeping when the ship sinks ?
I do remember some other malfeasants who never saw the prison entry way .
This little punk ai n't nuthin ' .
We need to take down wall street , the banks , and establish publicly funded elections , hand - counted paper ballots & universal health care for all .
THEN they can't control us .
Probably too late , realistically , but as my bud Howard Zinn says - there 's way more of us than there are of them .
Hey - bright idea : change your withholding on your payroll ( if u still have a job ) and stop lending the state & feds YOUR money .
We gotta cut off the supply so they 'll start listening to US again .
We have all the power - in our dollars .
They can't function without it .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/27/2010 @ 12:22 pm PT ...
Is anyone else besides me sick and tired of so called conservatives quoting a flawed corporate sponsored UCLA media report by corporate paid hacks Groseclose and Milyo ?
Sounds like you there , ravenhairedmaid , are the one that needs to do some reading , but alas , you wo n't .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/27/2010 @ 12:28 pm PT ...
Here is the rest of the report that you find so fascinating Rave .
http://mediamatters.org/research/200512220003
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/27/2010 @ 12:41 pm PT ...
Sophia : you 're putting up a false choice , that we can't report on this OR we 're not watching the New World Order .
We can keep our eye on both .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Jon in Iowa said on 1/27/2010 @ 12:50 pm PT ...
Actually , Flo , I 'm sick and tired of it , too .
I 've also had my fill of the piss - poor argumentation in which they believe that alleging a bias is the same as disproving an investigation ( or several , as the case may be ) .
And that 's to say nothing of the whole " someone else did something bad , so I 'm going to ignore what this guy did " mentality , which has never made sense to me .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/27/2010 @ 1:03 pm PT ...
Breitbart says arrest not related to BigGovernment , but he 's paying alleged wiretap plotter O'Keefe " a fair salary " http://mediamatters.org/blog/201001260064
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/27/2010 @ 1:22 pm PT ...
Andrew " Big Government " Breitbart and James " Big House " O'Keefe : http://nimg.sulekha.com/...-2009-10-21-11-41-23.jpg
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... ravenhairedmaid said on 1/27/2010 @ 3:42 pm PT ...
And , once again , denial is what 's for dinner on the liberal blog .
Do n't the liberals here quote anyone but Soros - funded propaganda sites ?
http://www.politico.com/...s/stories/0408/9514.html
Flor , pot is calling on line three .
Then again , I suppose those are the only ones that tell you folks what you want to hear .
Jon , you 've apparently lost track of what 's going on since you seem to be employing the very behavior you condemn , and no one said anything about disproving the investigation .
And bluehawk , was that blurb supposed to be some sort of rebuttal ?
Because all it did was highlight the brazen hypocrisy in your own logic :
You start off with an attempt to minimize the momentum of the Ayers fiasco , then tell us what you think of my tone ( and , of course , THAT 's right on topic and not deflection , is n't it ? )
You then go on to ask why I 'm not appalled at the attempt to bug a public servants phone without telling us why you are n't appalled that obama was so misguided as to launch his campaign from an impenitent bomber .
As for minimizing or defending okeefe , please show us where I did so .
Because I know you would n't dream of intentionally slinging false accusations .
Because everybody knows only fascists do that .
Truth be told , I have to say that bombing buildings and putting lives at risk and joining groups to undermine the government are more terrorist activities than tapping a public servants phone .
I find it amusing that this would have to be pointed out , especially since you 're pretty much calling Okeefe a terrorist while rallying around Ayers , who openly & on the record said he wishes he & his gang had bombed more .
That they did n't kill anyone does n't mean they did n't put people in danger of death .
Now , this is not necessarily a defense of Okeefe ( although I know it will be seen as one because , after all , this is a liberal blog where readers actually consider media matters a legitimate source of information ) , but is n't every public servants phone & facilities paid for by taxpayers ?
If so , then why would n't we be privy to what it 's used for ?
Also , if you want to pretend liberal support for Kennedy and the downplaying of Ayers ' role does n't punctuate a pounding lack of good judgment , you 're certainly free to .
But that does n't mean I have to .
So , tell us why Kennedy 's killing does n't bother liberals but Bush 's does ?
Why does tapping a phone bother you but bombing buildings and wishing to have done more does n't ?
By the way , is SR unable to answer his own questions , or do you think bullying is easier than laying out the basis of your beliefs with facts ?
Or do you have several accounts to make it look like a bunch of people believe & say the exact same thing ?
And why did you post so many short ones instead of compiling them ?
That would have been much more efficient .
I 'm just saying .
Oh , and if the presence of trolls is the measure of success of a blog , then you clearly never visit the conservative ones .
On the final note , we actually agree on something :
That obama is continuing bush 's illegal policies .
I think the temperature in hell must 've dropped
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 1/27/2010 @ 4:34 pm PT ...
ravenhairedmaid @ 36
And bluehawk , was that blurb supposed to be some sort of rebuttal ?
Because all it did was highlight the brazen hypocrisy in your own logic :
You start off with an attempt to minimize the momentum of the Ayers fiasco , then tell us what you think of my tone ( and , of course , THAT 's right on topic and not deflection , is n't it ? )
If this were a topic / article about Bill Ayers then you would be correct Raven ... Maybe you should go back and read what the topic / article is about .
I did n't see Ayers mentioned ... hence you bringing him up is a deflection of the true topic here .
You then go on to ask why I 'm not appalled at the attempt to bug a public servants phone without telling us why you are n't appalled that obama was so misguided as to launch his campaign from an impenitent bomber .
Again ... Not relevent to the topic at hand ...
Topic=O'Keefe and Breitbart , not Obama - Ayers .
But by your apparent politcal allegiance we understand why you want to spin this onto something or someone else .
And pardon me for asking why you would totally ignore an individual gaining access to a Federal building by deception in order to tamper with / bug telephones ?
And ...
Ayers= 40 years ago
O'Keefe= yesterday
Hell according to you ... We should bomb Japan again for Pearl Harbor ....
Now , this is not necessarily a defense of Okeefe ( although I know it will be seen as one because , after all , this is a liberal blog where readers actually consider media matters a legitimate source of information ) , but is n't every public servants phone & facilities paid for by taxpayers ?
If so , then why would n't we be privy to what it 's used for ?
What part of attempted illegal wiretapping do you not understand ?
What part of accessing a Federal building by deception in order to commit a felony do you not quite grasp ?
Also , if you want to pretend liberal support for Kennedy and the downplaying of Ayers ' role does n't punctuate a pounding lack of good judgment , you 're certainly free to .
But that does n't mean I have to .
So , tell us why Kennedy 's killing does n't bother liberals but Bush 's does ?
Why does tapping a phone bother you but bombing buildings and wishing to have done more does n't ?
Kennedy= dead .... although I 'm sure you would be fine with digging his corpse up and prosecuting him post mortem .
Ayers= Again..irrelevent ....
I 'm starting to sound repetitive ... but that 's how most learning is accomplished , by rote repetition .
Oh , and if the presence of trolls is the measure of success of a blog , then you clearly never visit the conservative ones .
Admission of your behabior is the first step to healing ...
I for one do read conservative sites ... I however have no reason to comment on those blogs / sites in order to tit for tat mudsling or twist the topic to one more of my liking .
It 's a useless exercise that only enflames the divisions in this country and comfort fascists .
The fascist - oligharchy loves liberals and conservatives fighting and mudsling each other ... it gives them full freedom to rob us blind and constrict our rights while we 're distracted .
You seem like a fasict distractor agent ...
As far as Ayers goes .... I grew up with a guy who became one of the biggest drug lords in Detroit ; I guess that would disqualify me for any public office ... Because I knew him .
Your few sentences on O'Keefe and your total ignoring Breitbart told me all I need to know about your motivation here at Bradblog .
Your not here to bring light ... you only came to flame .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Jon in Iowa said on 1/27/2010 @ 4:47 pm PT ...
Pay careful attention , class ; this is world - class trolling .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 1/27/2010 @ 7:23 pm PT ...
By the way , is SR unable to answer his own questions , or do you think bullying is easier than laying out the basis of your beliefs with facts ?
Or do you have several accounts to make it look like a bunch of people believe & say the exact same thing ?
Can you point out any question that I asked , other than Did I just witness ...? "
I looked back over what I wrote , and I did n't find any other question .... so - um - where was the bullying that I supposedly perpetrated ?
I mean , really , if what I wrote can be construed as bullying , I think you 'll need to toughen up a little .
But I thought trolls had tough hides .
I 'm only taking that on other 's authority , I do try not to get close to them myself .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/27/2010 @ 8:15 pm PT ...
ravenhairedmaid @ 20 : Poll shows most Americans are aware of liberal media bias ?
Oh , so now a POLL is proof that the media is biased ?
WOW !
Since when do we POLL people with a question : " Are you aware of liberal media bias ? "
How about : " When did you stop beating your wife ? "
The question is called a " loaded question " , and you provide this as PROOF of liberal media bias ?
Here , dispute this : The Myth of the Liberal Media : The Propaganda Model of News - Noam Chomsky http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KYlyb1Bx9Ic
You did exactly what that video says : you " framed " your argument STARTING with " The media is liberal " ... then the question is : " Are you aware of liberal media bias ? "
Instead of the VALID question : " IS the media liberal ? " Not : " Are you AWARE of liberal media bias ? "
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/27/2010 @ 8:18 pm PT ...
ravenhairedmaid : corporations OWN the media , 5 corporations OWN almost all the media in America .
So , are you saying corporations are liberal ?
There is NO PROOF the media is liberal .
It 's just people like YOU and Rush Limbaugh and rightwing media SAYING it is , with ZERO proof .
It 's NOT liberal .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/27/2010 @ 8:21 pm PT ...
And you link to " mediaresearch " as your proof .
Media Research is run by huge rightwinger Brent Bozell : David Brock , the reformed conservative noise - maker , on how the Right has sabotaged journalism , democracy , and truth .
As a young journalist in the 1990s , David Brock was a key cog the Republican noise machine .
Writing for the American Spectator , a conservative magazine funded by billionaire Richard Mellon Scaife , Brock gained fame for his attack pieces on Anita Hill and President Bill Clinton .
Then , in 2002 , Brock came clean .
In his memoir , Blinded by the Right , Brock admitted that his work was based on lies and distortion , and part of a coordinated smear campaign funded by wealthy right wing groups to discredit Clinton and confuse the public .
Since then , Brock has continued to expose the conservative media onslaught .
In his newest book , The Republican Noise Machine , Brock documents how right - wing groups pressure the media and spread misinformation to the public .
It 's easy to see how this is done .
Fringe conspiracies and stories will be kept alive by outlets like Rush Limbaugh , the Washington Times , and the Drudge Report , until they finally break into the mainstream media .
Media groups like Brent Bozell 's Media Research Center have spent 30 years convincing the public that the media is , in fact , liberal .
As Brock says , it 's all a sham : " I have seen , and I know firsthand , indeed from my own pen , how the organized Right has sabotaged not only journalism but also democracy and truth . "
http://www.motherjones.c...republican-noise-machine
That 's a JOKE linking to Brent Bozell 's Media Research Center as your " proof " that the media is liberal .
That 's like linking to Rush Limbaugh !
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 1/27/2010 @ 8:37 pm PT ...
Great job , Big Dan .
Still confused about where she thought the bullying was ...
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... ravenhairedmaid said on 1/27/2010 @ 8:45 pm PT ...
Blue , I 'm sorry about the misapprehension of my motivations , but the topic at hand is actually the hypocritical response of the liberals here to the Okeefe story when you were only too eager to block the Ayers shenanigans from your minds .
I realize you deny this -- and with a ubiquitous accusatory tirade , gasp -- but that 's been determined as the default setting .
May I ask why you resist answering why Ayers bombing things and showing no regret in 2001 ( which , I should point out , is a little less than 40 years ago ) does n't bother you , but allegedly tapping a phone does ?
What part of " reckless endangerment " do n't YOU understand ?
What area of " domestic terrorism " are YOU not quite grasping ?
.
Let 's see if you agree with this statement :
If Okeefe was a liberal , it 's very likely you'd be here defending &/ or excusing him the way you excuse the Wingnut Remorseless Supreme , Bill Ayers .
That Kennedy is now dead does n't mean you did n't support his deadly , drunken lump in office , which is relevant to the hypocrisy here :
Liberals appear content with Kennedy 's killing , and Kerry's , and perhaps anyone else 's as long as they 're on their side of the ideological fence , but then expect people to believe you 're outraged at phone tapping ?
You just VOTED for a guy who supports tapping the phones , remember ?
( Oh , and you might want to take a look at an update article on Okeefe : http://hotair.com/archiv...t-a-case-of-wiretapping/)
So , why would you expect conservatives to be outraged at alleged phone taps when you 're not outraged at certified remorseless bombings ?
By the way , did you socialize and launch your political campaign from your childhood friend 's home ?
Did you collaborate on funding with him and did he help get you a seat on a school reform board ?
No ?
Then , gee whiz , your swipe at analogy is all farked up .
Ta !
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... ravenhairedmaid said on 1/27/2010 @ 9:03 pm PT ...
SR , you did n't see my questions addressed to you ?
I 'm so sorry .
You know , I should have known that you 're easily confused .
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 1/27/2010 @ 9:09 pm PT ...
You know what this reminds me of ... 8 years of blaming the Bush recession , the Bush intelligence failures , the Bush ( insert political / social debacle here ) ... on Clinton .
This O'Keefe issue is HERE and NOW , and nobody on this blog excused , condoned , or otherwise approved or supported what happened with Kennedy or Ayers .
What they did socially or politically since then , that may be a different story , and it could be well argued that both of them atoned for their sins .
You are making a straw man argument of hypocrisy to yourself condone the current criminal actions of this man O'Keefe .
Fairly hypocritical of YOU would n't you say .
Cheerio , mate !
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... ravenhairedmaid said on 1/27/2010 @ 9:17 pm PT ...
Let me get this straight :
Dan is trying to rebuff media matters as a liberal propaganda site by posting a charge made by another liberal propaganda site that the MRC is a conservative propaganda site .
Which part of that are you thinking is persuasive , Dan ?
And Dan wants us all to hail Noam Chomsky as the Ultimate Authority on media bias , despite the fact that even wikipedia cites several sources refuting his claims .
Since I know you can't be bothered to seek beyond what the Soros - fundies feed you , here it is :
" A poll of likely 2008 United States presidential election voters released on March 14 , 2007 by Zogby International reports that 83 percent of those surveyed believe that there is a bias in the media , with 64 percent of respondents of the opinion that this bias favors liberals and 28 percent of respondents believing that this bias is conservative . [ 59 ]
In August 2008 the Washington Post ombudsman wrote that the Post had published almost three times as many page 1 stories about Barack Obama than it had about John McCain since Obama won the Democratic party nomination that June . [ 60 ]
In September 2008 a Rasmussen poll found that 68 percent of voters believe that " most reporters try to help the candidate they want to win . "
Forty - nine ( 49 ) percent of respondents stated that the reporters are helping Barack Obama to get elected , while only 14 percent said the same regarding John McCain .
A further 51 percent said that the press was actively " trying to hurt " Republican Vice Presidential nominee Sarah Palin with negative coverage . [ 61 ]
In October 2008 , The Washington Post media correspondent Howard Kurtz reported that Sarah Palin was again on the cover of Newsweek , " but with the most biased campaign headline I 've ever seen . " [ 62 ]
After the election was over , the Washington Post ombudsman Deborah Howell reviewed the Post 's coverage and concluded that it was tilted in favor of Obama . [ 63 ] "
And Dan now takes issues with POLLS .
Dan , did you dismiss polls when obama was ahead of mccain in them ?
Just wondering .
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... ravenhairedmaid said on 1/27/2010 @ 9:34 pm PT ...
Dan , have you ever heard of general electric ?
Perhaps you should look up whether or not they 're a corporation .
Maybe what you find will allude to what media they own
Just a thought .
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... ravenhairedmaid said on 1/27/2010 @ 9:36 pm PT ...
SR , Oh please .
There 's been nothing but claims that Ayers has reformed ( prove it ) , denial that he is relevant , and incorrect statements regarding timeline and connections to obama .
Have you seen anyone remotely suggesting that bombing buildings , trying to undermine the government , and risking the lives and limbs of innocent people ?
No .
Yet these same people appear ready to burn Okeefe in effigy for an alleged wiretap .
By the way , would you please point out for us where I 've condoned Okeefe 's alleged actions ?
I know you would n't want to intentionally disparage .
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... ravenhairedmaid said on 1/27/2010 @ 9:45 pm PT ...
Beg pardon , that sentence should have read " Have you seen anyone remotely suggesting that bombing buildings , trying to undermine the government , and risking the lives and limbs of innocent people WAS WRONG . "
The answer , sadly , is still " no " though .
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... ravenhairedmaid said on 1/27/2010 @ 9:55 pm PT ...
Also , by the way Fannie Mae & Freddie Mac ?
They 're corporations .
Guess which political party they donated the most money to ?
http://www.opensecrets.o...recipients-of-fanni.html
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 1/27/2010 @ 11:31 pm PT ...
RHM ( I feel that we have acheived a level of familiarity , we are at least acquaintances now on some level , but if anyone in the future tries to tie you to me , either in word or deed , be assured that I will assist you in plausibly denying everything ) From # 15 Tapping a public servants phone just pales by comparison , does n't it ?
Perhaps I 'm taking a very liberal definition ( been known to happen ) of the word ' tacit ' , but I assumed that your statement was tacit approval of O'Keefe 's actions , at very least in the sense that " nothing happened to Ayers so nothing should happen to O'Keefe . "
You have to admit , if there 's a line there , it 's very fine .
And my statements about Ayers or Kennedy are certainly not approval , they are simply that the situations are past .
Way past .
O'Keefe is present .
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... HankyDubz said on 1/28/2010 @ 2:52 am PT ...
So lets see If I am reading RHM correctly .
Tapping the phones of a US senator is acceptable because ... wait for it ... Bill Ayers .
Surely you must be able to recognize on some level how farcical this argument is .
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 1/28/2010 @ 6:14 am PT ...
By the way , RHM , re # 49 Yet these same people appear ready to burn Okeefe in effigy for an alleged wiretap .
You mean , like this ?
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/28/2010 @ 6:16 am PT ...
ravenhairedmaid : you want to compare Ayers to O'Keefe .
How about , let 's compare Ted Kennedy to Bush .
You squawk about ONE person dying at Chappaquiddick .
How about the MILLION Iraqi civilians killed in Iraq because of Bush 's war of lies ?
Any comments on that ?
With Ayers , who was saying there was no outrage at Ayers ' bombings ?
That happened a long long time ago , like Chapaquiddick .
So , you have to bring up things from long ago for your comparisions , instead of RIGHT NOW what O'Keefe did and the Iraq War ?
If Brad Blog was around long long ago when Ayers was bombing things , maybe Brad Blog would 've shown outrage .
You 're saying we should show outrage RIGHT NOW about Ayers in some crazy comparison to what O'Keefe is doing NOW .
That 's called distraction and you are n't addressing O'Keefe .
You 're defending O'Keefe by bringing up things for comparison from decades ago .
Sounds like you have no defense to me .
What Democratic operative is bugging phones RIGHT NOW ?
None .
You have a weak argument having to bring up Bill Ayers as a distraction .
Anyone can do that , bring up something from the past as a distraction / comparison instead of addressing the issue .
The issue is n't , as you 're trying to make it , comparing Bill Ayers to James O'Keefe .
You MADE IT the issue so you do n't have to directly address O'Keefe ( and Breitbart ) .
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/28/2010 @ 6:21 am PT ...
RHM : did you think George W. Bush was a great president ?
I 'm just wondering .
Do you listen to Rush Limbaugh ?
He and his rightwing media are the ones who brought up Bill Ayers in the first place during the presidential campaign .
No one ever heard of Bill Ayers .
They dug it up as fodder for the presidential campaign .
No one would know who he is right now otherwise .
You bringing up Bill Ayers ( and Chappaquiddick ) tells me you listen to Rush Limbaugh , Bill O'Reilly , FOX " news " , and you liked George W. Bush and you 're a Republican .
Good guess ?
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 1/28/2010 @ 6:58 am PT ...
Ravenhairedmaiden is a troll pure and simple ...
She has achieved her objective ... she 's hijacked the topic thread and made it unrecognizable from it 's original .
She could care less about her spurious argument about Ayers or Kennedy ... She has achieved her aim of distracting and deflecting from the matter at hand .
She 's not a righting nut ... she 's a rightwing operative who could care less about truth .
She simply wants to do the work the job her fascist bosses assigned to her ... troll bradblog .
Jon in Iowa @ 38 said it well .. we have a professional troll here in RHM .
Watch and learn .
The best tact now would be to simply ignore her .
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 1/28/2010 @ 7:01 am PT ...
Ravenhairedmaiden has taken the news topic of O'Keefe 's felonies and Breitbart 's complicitness and put Ted Kennedy and Bill Ayers on trial ...
A classic rightwingnut tactic .
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... ravenhairedmaid said on 1/29/2010 @ 1:36 am PT ...
SR , I 'm sure you know the singsong about assumptions , so I wo n't reiterate it .
Maybe I did n't make myself clear , but my point is not approval or defense of Okeefe - - and , by the way , let 's remember that the allegation of phone tapping at this point are just that : Allegations .
And yes , I would say the same if it was a liberal democrat -- but that bombing buildings ( something concretely proven and not alleged in this case ) seems to have been given a free pass by liberals who are now up in arms about alleged wiretapping of phones .
And while I sincerely do appreciate the effort you took to post a link , I confess I saw no burning effigies in the picture the link took me to .
You know , like this , and here ( scroll down on that one ) .
Know why there were n't any burning effigies in that picture ?
Click Here .
Would that liberal backlash had been as effective .
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... ravenhairedmaid said on 1/29/2010 @ 2:02 am PT ...
Dan ,
Why have you assumed that I condone Bush 's actions in Iraq ?
Which brings us back to you :
Why would you -- or any liberals - - support Kennedy after his actions ?
" It was a long time ago " seems to be good enough for you to excuse any behavior as long as it's committed by a liberal .
Do you think you would have such an attitude if it was n't ?
If not , how do you justify having a double standard ?
Why are you concluding that the allegations against Okeefe are true ?
That has n't been proven yet .
Who 's saying there 's no outrage over the Ayers bombings ?
Ok , then where is it ?
Show me some .
I 'd LOVE to see some liberal outrage at the flamboyant immorality in their own midst instead of acting like it's all in the other guy 's camp .
And do n't take this the wrong way , but I do n't believe you have enough security clearance to make a call on what the Democratic operatives are or are not doing .
There must be SOME reason obama supports wiretapping , right ?
Again , I brought up Ayers not as a distraction , but to highlight what appears to be a blog soaking in hypocrisy .
I googled bradblog and Ayers , not once did I find condemnation of his actions among liberal posts .
The comparison is not between Ayers and Okeefe , but the liberal response to each .
If I 'm mistaken , fine .
Prove it .
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... ravenhairedmaid said on 1/29/2010 @ 2:39 am PT ...
PS : Dan , YOU know who Ayers is .
Does that mean you listen to Rush , OReilly , Fox , etc ?
I work 3rd shift , so my schedule does n't really theirs .
You pay for cable ?
Wow .
I always wonder who has that much time to watch television ?
But I can actually figure out that politicians are crooks , and not to hand over any more of my money and rights to them no matter how necessary they try to make it seem all by myself .
Seems fairly obvious .
Do you really think that launching the presidential campaign from Ayers house -- after a 20 year acquaintance with him , working with him to decide which anti-American education groups to fund , and after Ayers helped get a job on a school reform board on which they served for 3 years -- is insignificant ?
Why ?
I also strongly suggest you google " Bill Ayers " and " 25 million Americans " and see what comes up .
Oh hell , who am I kidding ?
Here :
http://zombietime.com/prairie_fire/
Violent excerpts from Ayers ' book , a chronology of his associations with obama , and video goodness of the slavering nuttiness of Ayers & his comrade are all included .
Enjoy .
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... ravenhairedmaid said on 1/29/2010 @ 2:53 am PT ...
Blue ,
And here I thought it was the TROLLS who did the pointless namecalling .
Guess I hit a nerve .
Surely you do n't seek to censor anyone who has a thought or idea unsanctioned by you ?
Because everyone knows only fascists do that .
Have you ever heard of " groupthink " , Blue ?
Here 's wiki's definition : " Groupthink is a type of thought exhibited by group members who try to minimize conflict and reach consensus without critically testing , analyzing , and evaluating ideas .
Individual creativity , uniqueness , and independent thinking are lost in the pursuit of group cohesiveness , as are the advantages of reasonable balance in choice and thought that might normally be obtained by making decisions as a group .
[ 1 ]
During groupthink , members of the group avoid promoting viewpoints outside the comfort zone of consensus thinking .
A variety of motives for this may exist such as a desire to avoid being seen as foolish , or a desire to avoid embarrassing or angering other members of the group .
Groupthink may cause groups to make hasty , irrational decisions , where individual doubts are set aside , for fear of upsetting the group ’s balance . "
Gosh , looks like something to be avoided , does n't it ?
It also looks like there 's a strong case of it here .
Did you know that groupthink is thought to be what led to the Iraq WMD assessment , which -- as you know - - was probably the greatest tangible factor for invading Iraq ?
" Now I can finally say
That I 'm afraid that you 've become
Everything that you had hated ... "
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 1/29/2010 @ 6:55 am PT ...
RHM @ 62
Look back to my comments here lady ....
I called no one names ; I did however call you what you actually are ; a troll .
That 's not an epithet , it 's a description .
You took the time to wiki the term " groupthink "
that 's cute ...
The title of this article and topic thread is ...
By Brad Friedman on 1/26/2010 2:27 PM
BUSTED : It 's Hard Out Here For a ( Fake ) Rightwing Pimp and Phone Tapper
Breitbart 's anti-ACORN activist / videographer arrested with U.S. Attorney 's son , two others , attempting to bug U.S. Senator 's office ...
And you come here to make a conversation about ... who ?
Bill Ayers
Seems you got corraled into GOP / Tea party / RightWing groupthink and can't find your way out .
If you had come here with some defense of O'Keefe and Breitbart it would at least be on topic and reasonable for the topic at hand .
But you came to change the focus to Ayers and Ted Kennedy .
Hence my troll description for you ...
Wiki definition of a troll
In Internet slang , a troll is someone who posts inflammatory , extraneous , or off - topic messages in an online community , such as an online discussion forum , chat room or blog , with the primary intent of provoking other users into an emotional response [ 1 ] or of otherwise disrupting normal on - topic discussion .
[ 2 ]
Mirrors can be enlightening or infuriating ...
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 1/29/2010 @ 8:13 am PT ...
With O'Keefe arrest , Breitbart develops newfound appreciation for " facts "
January 27 , 2010 11:23 am ET by Simon Maloy An excerpt ...
Not a good day for Andrew Breitbart .
As his hand - groomed protégé , undercover ACORN video auteur James O'Keefe , sat in a Louisiana police station under arrest for attempting to tamper with a U.S. senator 's telephone system , Breitbart 's media empire went into lockdown , issuing only a terse statement denying any knowledge of O'Keefe 's activities .
This morning , however , Breitbart broke the silence , posting a missive to BigGovernment.com announcing that he , Andrew Breitbart , was going to " [ w ] ait until the facts are in " before " jumping to conclusions " like Media Matters and everyone else in the media .
Imagine that --- Andrew Breitbart chastising the world for passing judgment before the facts are in .
Sort of like when Breitbart used O'Keefe 's deceptively edited videos to issue broad condemnations of ACORN 's willingness to aid in child prostitution , even though later investigations found that ACORN had done nothing to violate the law or eligibility for federal funding .
Or like when BigGovernment.com attacked the White House for playing host to ACORN CEO Bertha Lewis , only to find out later that it was a different Bertha Lewis .
Or like when Breitbart worked with a private detective who rooted through ACORN 's trash , and then told the world that ACORN had conducted a " document dump " in advance of an investigation , even though the " documents " turned out to be mainly fliers and old newsletters .
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/29/2010 @ 8:35 am PT ...
ravenhairedmaid : ‘ Left - leaning ’ Washington
Post op - ed page features mostly right wingers .
http://thinkprogress.org...po-right-editorial-page/
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/29/2010 @ 8:42 am PT ...
RHM says : do n't talk about O'Keefe 's breaking the law ... because Bill Ayers was a " terrorist " , or James O'Keefe 's criminal acts should n't be talked about because Bill Ayers is a " terrorist " and his criminal acts were worse , or ... actually , what IS your point of continually talking about Bill Ayers in reference to James O'Keefe ?
Or are you saying that James O'Keefe is just as bad as Bill Ayers ?
Or are you saying that Bill Ayers is WORSE ... so you can't talk about James O'Keefe ?
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 1/29/2010 @ 5:38 pm PT ...
RHM said : I 'm sure you know the singsong about assumptions , so I wo n't reiterate it .
You just did .
And I anticipated it .
It was not an unreasonable assumption on my part .
bombing buildings ( something concretely proven and not alleged in this case ) seems to have been given a free pass by liberals
Which liberals gave him a free pass ?
Not me .
Fail .
The fact that the TeaBaggers ended up not burning Pelosi in effigy due to some backlash matters not .
They fully admit their intent to have done so , and thought it was a good idea , and bemoan the fact that the public had not understood their purpose in the burning .
Personally , I do n't care who is burned in effigy .
It 's symbolic , and no I do n't think it 's a de facto course to actual violence .
I 've got no problem with burning Bush and Cheney in effigy .
You used the term " burning in effigy " to refer to some liberal design on O'Keefe .
An exaggeration to say the least .
That 's the only reason I linked the article .
COMMENT # 68 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/29/2010 @ 8:21 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... ravenhairedmaid said on 1/29/2010 @ 2:02 am PT ...
Dan ,
Why have you assumed that I condone Bush 's actions in Iraq ?
Ummm ... because you probably DO ???
You did n't say you did n't condone Bush 's actions in your answer , you just asked why I assume it .
Well , do you ?
And do you listen to Rush Limbaugh ?
You did n't answer the questions , which sort of DOES answer the questions .
I 'll assume you liked Bush and listen to Rush Limbaugh ... until you state otherwise .
COMMENT #69 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/29/2010 @ 8:27 pm PT ...
Ravenhead wants outrage shown about Bill Ayers a few decades ago ... but not about a million dead in Iraq happening right now thanks to George W. Bush 's lies .
COMMENT # 70 [ Permalink ]
... ravenhairedmaid said on 2/1/2010 @ 10:53 pm PT ...
Hi guys , Sorry , I know you missed me but , you know , it was the weekend and all .
What a great job you 're doing of ignoring me , blue .
I think I hear Alannis Morrissette is humming something ...
I 'm sorry , but let 's review recent events :
I posted an excerpt from wiki .
Then you posted an excerpt from wiki .
I do n't know which direction you think the mirror is pointed in , my friend , but I DO know imitation is the sincerest form of flattery
And I see that Soros - funded propaganda sites are still your modus operandi , but speaking " passing judgment before the facts are in , " here are some links to the retractions issued concerning this story from CBS , The Washington Post , and even the government ( since it can probably be safely assumed that you wo n't get them from media matters )
http://patterico.com/201...ust-one-er-two-problems/
http://patterico.com/201...retap-attempt-by-okeefe/
Enjoy .
Dan ,
Your claim that WaPo is a right - wing rag is blown to shreds since they just issued two -- see links above & count 'em , two -- corrections on the Okeefe story .
I do n't know if you 've noticed , but I 've made it clear that even risking human safety is detestable , so how you 've managed to warp that into inferred support for Bush 's war is beyond me .
Also , what part of " I work third shift " should I explain further ?
Are Rush , O'Reilly etc. on in the middle of the night ?
Please , connect the dots yourself .
I 'm sure you 're capable , you 've just become too dependent on ' progressive ' sites claiming to do it for you .
( By the way , do you not see the hypocrisy of accusing me of listening to Rush , etc. while you subscribe to thinkprogress ?
Just wondering . )
Dan & SR ,
For the 3rd , 4th or 5th time -- frankly , I 've lost count by now -- I will restate that my point is the hypocrisy ( at least , the appearance of hypocrisy ) of the liberals as far as their willingness to let Ayers slide while they vilify Okeefe .
And once again I will state that I googled bradblog and found no liberals remarks condemning Ayers at all , while there are plenty to be had of Okeefe , which gives the impression that morally bankrupt behavior is accepted by liberals as long as they 're committed by fellow lefties .
And SR , I anticipated you saying burning effigies does n't matter to you after you linked to an article that did not support what you were saying .
However , I appreciate the gist and that you do n't get hung up on that stuff .
Every group has its fringe elements that can't be easily ousted .
Peace !
COMMENT # 71 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 2/2/2010 @ 9:58 am PT ...
RHM @70 I distincly heard a rim shot with your last post ... pure comedy ...
Not one word referring to the topic of the thread ...
By the way there are several other O'Keefe - Breitbart threads open ... and you 're noticeably absent from those ... interesting ...
Have a nice time deflecting here ....
COMMENT # 72 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/2/2010 @ 2:09 pm PT ...
RHM @ 70 : Dan ,
Your claim that WaPo is a right - wing rag is blown to shreds since they just issued two -- see links above & count 'em , two -- corrections on the Okeefe story .
Good point .
Right - wing rags do n't issue corrections , no matter how wrong they get the story .
Still , if you 're not familiar with the right - leaning bias now , sadly , at the once - great WaPo then you 're either simply not paying attention , or you spend too much time reading con-man sites like Breitbart 's and watching phony news like at Fox .
Your loss .
Ours too , since we have to live in the same country with so many of you who have been played for complete dupes .
COMMENT # 73 [ Permalink ]
... ravenhairedmaid said on 2/4/2010 @ 12:51 am PT ...
Is that you ignoring me again , blue ?
Because you suck at it I realize that you 're dead set in your denial that hypocrisy is a topic here .
That 's ok , because I 'm just as dead set that it is .
Why am I not on the other open threads ?
Well are sources being cited that have n't been debunked or funded by George Soros ?
No ?
Then what for , when I have all that here with you
COMMENT # 74 [ Permalink ]
... ravenhairedmaid said on 2/4/2010 @ 1:17 am PT ...
Way to go , Bradster , you contradicted yourself in your own post .
Since I do n't have crayons or finger puppets handy , you 'll have to try to follow along as best you can :
Your claim :
" Right - wing rags do n't issue corrections "
Then the contradiction :
" [ I ] f you 're not familiar with the right - leaning bias now , sadly , at the once - great WaPo then you 're either simply not paying attention . "
Um , which is it ?
I 'm sure the answer is in there somewhere , because you would n't stoop to being a liar , right ?
By the way , please take a gander at this and see if it does n't qualify as a correction over at Fox News :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_pscalq-5c
I thought I 'd better tell you about it , or you 'd continue to pass along incorrect information to your readers .
As for " we have to live in the same country with so many of you who have being played for complete dupes , "
how many campaign promises has obama broken by now ?
Is Gitmo closed ?
Is n't the last Bush deficit almost quadrupled by now ?
What Iraq policies have been displaced ?
How many troops are now in Afghanistan ?
So , basically , everything 's the same , except now staggeringly more expensive and with several future generations mired in debt ?
Oh , yeah , I totally see what you mean
COMMENT # 75 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 2/4/2010 @ 9:06 am PT ...
Still hammerin ' that wall of ignorance huh RHM ?
Here 's a hint .... go get a hammer ... pounding your head against the wall you bring it down ... hope that helps ...
COMMENT # 76 [ Permalink ]
... ravenhairedmaid said on 2/4/2010 @ 10:05 pm PT ...
Still " ignoring " me , blue , huh ?
Yep , I can see you have absolutely no trouble with hypocrisy
COMMENT # 77 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 2/5/2010 @ 9:26 am PT ...
RMH check out this link ....
It makes no sense you hiding out on a dead thread .... [ ed note :
They 're assigned certain threads BH and as long as you feed them , they keep at it . — 99 ]
COMMENT # 78 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 2/5/2010 @ 1:18 pm PT ...
They will also have to pay capital gains tax when they sell homes bought under the Edinburgh accom­modation allowance .
The new measures are among 13 ­recommendations following an independent review of the Holyrood system by Sir Neil McIntosh in the wake of the Westminster expenses scandal .
There will be an immediate ban on any new appointment of spouses , children and other relatives and a cut - off date of 2015 for the 26 MSPs who currently employ family members to pay them off .
Three of the 26 , the SNP ’s Anne McLaughlin , Labour ’s Michael McMahon and the LibDems ’ John Farquhar Munro , each employ two family members according to the parliamentary register .
Sir Neil ’s report warned that giving politicians public money to employ family members risked undermining public confidence and fuelling “ public cynicism ” .
They will still be able to employ another MSP ’s relative as long as this is publicly registered .
Sir Neil ’s recommendations , which have been accepted in full by Holyrood bosses , also call for a binding commitment on MSPs who have bought a home in Edinburgh under the allowance system to declare it as a second home and pay capital gains tax when it is sold .
Some MSPs have been able to claim around £ 10,000 a year in mortgage interest payments under the allowances scheme , which is to be phased out by 2011 .
Those who sell in the interim still stand to make a profit as there will be no clawback .
Sir Neil said it would be neither “ appropriate or feasible ” .
His recommendations also call for an honesty pledge at the start of each new Parliament committing MSPs to “ act in accordance with the principles and rules ” of the scheme .
His findings would also give the parliament ’s corporate body – the group of MSPs and officials who run Holyrood – the power to withhold some of an MSP ’s redundancy of up to half of their £ 56,671 salary for abusing the expenses scheme .
Although he wants the system tightened , Sir Neil , a former chief executive of Strathclyde Regional Council , said the existing rules provided a “ sound platform ” on which to build public trust .
He said : “ We have not seen the extremes of the Westminster situation – no gardening , no cleaning , no home furniture , no payments without receipts , no second homes outside Edinburgh but receipted claims subject to audit and all in the public eye .
“ It is to the credit of the Parliament that this has been the case and that the scheme has shown itself to be robust . ”
Sir Neil said the ban on employing relatives was being proposed not because of any misuse but to maintain public confidence .
“ From what I have heard , these members of staff are highly committed individuals , ” he said .
However , research carried out for
his review revealed distrust of politicians .
It found that “ confidence was not low ” in relation to the expenses scheme itself but was “ fairly low in relation to the MSPs ” .
Presiding Officer Alex Fergusson said the corporate body intended to accept all the recommendations and Holyrood officials have been ordered to produce a plan for implementing them .
Labour leader Iain Gray said it was a “ fair and balanced ” report .
SNP group convener Gil Paterson said : “ Holyrood has always been the gold standard for accountability and transparency in expenses and it is important we continue to build public trust in MSPs . ”
Tory leader Annabel Goldie said : “ All Conservative MSPs will fully comply with the new rules . ”
A LibDem spokesman said the report was “ a step forward ” .
An MSP who employs her son said the proposal was a “ knee - jerk ” reaction to the Westminster expenses scandal .
Sandra
White , an SNP list MSP for Glasgow , claimed the proposal may fall foul of human rights legislation .
Ms White said : “ I would think some employees may be looking at the human rights area .
It ’s a case of people being told that because you happen to be a relative of someone , you ca n’t be employed in that job . ”
EXPENSES RULES AT A GLANCE
With immediate effect , parliamentary funds should no longer be accessible to pay for any new appointment by an MSP of family members .
Existing family can be funded until July 2015 .
Where an MSP employs family of another MSP , the arrangement should be registered .
MSPs who get mortgage support must provide a binding commitment that when property is sold , it is declared as a second home and will be subject to capital gains tax .
When house is “ flipped ” , liability for capital gains tax remains .
From 2011 , existing expenses for items such as council tax and water charges for MSPs who lease accommodation will also apply to MSPs with Edinburgh accommodation at own expense .
Financial limit for MSPs who share accommodation in Edinburgh should be for one individual plus one - third .
MSPs to sign an agreement before every parliamentary session committing them to act in accordance within rules of the expenses scheme .
“ Appropriate ” number of expenses claims to be reviewed by internal audit .
Part or all of resettlement grants to be withheld when MSP has breached scheme .
The RCMP have been called in to review a case in which a surveillance video shows Winnipeg police beating and Tasering a suspect who appeared to be in the process of surrendering to officers .
At the same time , Winnipeg Police Chief Keith McCaskill has announced he is removing himself from the review of the case as one of the officers involved , Cst. Ryan Law , is his nephew .
According to Cody Bousquet ’s defence lawyer , his face was beaten when Winnipeg police arrested the young man for leading police on a high - speed chase in a stolen vehicle last February .
The video , showing four officers restraining and arresting Bousquet , was released by the 19 - year - old man 's lawyer as part of a plea bargain submitted Thursday to the court .
Charges against Bousquet for assault and stealing a motor vehicle were stayed after his lawyer showed a judge a copy of the tape , which was captured by surveillance cameras mounted on an auto - parts store on Notre Dame Avenue .
Crown prosecutor Mick Makar told the court Bousquet was hiding his hands from police , which was why officers used force .
The tape shows officers kneeing and elbowing Bousquet on the ground , then Tasering him twice .
Bousquet pleaded guilty to two counts of assaulting a police officer and operating a motor vehicle in a dangerous manner .
He will do no more jail time , after a judge factored in 11 months time he has already served .
He will also be under two years of supervised probation .
OTTAWA — Faced with delays and restrictions about what it can and cannot do with U.S. technology , Canada ’s navy has opted to modernize its frigates using as much non-American equipment as possible for key systems on the ships .
The Defence Department had stipulated that the command - and - control systems on the multibillion - dollar frigate upgrade be free of U.S. regulations , say officials with Lockheed Martin Canada in Ottawa , the company handling the contract .
In the past , the strict enforcement by the U.S. government of technology restrictions under International Traffic in Arms Regulations ( ITAR ) has delayed the delivery of military equipment to Canada .
In addition , in 2006 U.S. government officials tried unsuccessfully to limit the type of Canadians who could work on Canadian defence programs , specifically requesting that those who were born in certain countries or who had dual citizenship with particular countries not be allowed access to American technology .
Such restrictions violate Canadian law .
As a result , key radars , sensors and software to be installed on the Halifax - class frigates are coming from Canada , Sweden , Israel , Germany and the Netherlands .
“ It was a desire ( by the customer ) , ” Don McClure , Lockheed Martin Canada ’s vice - president of business development , said of the decision to use technology that was n’t controlled by ITAR .
“ The primary thing is during the life of a warship there is the need to modify certain tactics or add certain sensors and the navy did n’t want to be restricted to having to ask permission ( from the U.S. ) for that . ”
McClure said the command - and - control system the firm is developing in conjunction with Saab Electronics Systems of Sweden will be free of any U.S. export controls .
That will also allow the Ottawa company to market the system to other navies without having to seek U.S. permission .
Some of the weapons on the Canadian frigates use U.S. - technology and there are other American - made components that are n’t covered by ITAR on the vessels .
McClure said the frigate modernization is on track , with the first ship expected to be worked on starting in the fall .
The Defence Department is spending a total of $ 3.1 billion on the program , which not only includes the work being done by Lockheed Martin Canada and its partners , but mid-life improvements to mechanical systems on the vessels to be done by shipyards on the east and west coasts .
The modernization of all 12 frigates will be finished by 2017 .
Defence Department spokeswoman Jocelyn Sweet sent an
e -mail noting that the department did not specify that the materials and work associated with the mid-life maintenance of the frigates be free from U.S. ITARS .
But she added , “ DND did require that any proposals related to the integrated combat system address how the contractor would mitigate any risk to the delivery schedule if they included sourcing of material or services from the U.S. that would invoke ITAR restrictions . ”
Ottawa - based Thales Canada Defence and Security , which is also working on the frigate modernization , has noticed a spike in the desire for ITAR - free equipment at the Defence Department and from military forces around the world , said company official Conrad Bellehumeur .
“ Telling them something is ITAR - free produces a great interest ” at DND , he added .
McClure noted that European companies are starting to gain an advantage in some marketplaces because of the U.S. ITAR restrictions .
ITARs have been partly blamed for the delays in the delivery of the Canadian Forces new maritime helicopter , the Cyclone , which is years behind schedule .
The U.S. enforces the ITARs as a way to prevent sensitive technology from falling into the hands of countries such as China and Iran .
But privately , some Canadian defence industry officials complain that the U.S. selectively uses ITARs to give equipment being provided by American - based companies an advantage in export situations .
They say there have been cases where the U.S. State Department has used ITARs to prevent Canadian products from being sold overseas because those items have some American - technology in them , while at the same time giving approval to U.S. firms to sell the same components in the same foreign market .
Lockheed Martin officials said the frigate contract will create about 60 new jobs in Ottawa , largely in program management and manufacturing .
Bellehumeur said the contract would maintain about 15 jobs in Ottawa at Thales .
VIDEO BELOW ...
For those of you with Netflix , you know what a pleasure it is to discover hidden treasures you may have missed .
Recently we started watching old episodes of Stargate SG - 1 .
This is a sci - fi show about humans who travel to other planets through a " star gate " system .
The bad guys in this series are a race called the Goa'uld .
The Goa'uld are a parasitic creature that requires a host in order to live .
The Goa'uld feel they are superior to everyone else in the galaxy and have no problem using humans for their purposes .
Who does this sound like ?
It was rather interesting to find some deep , ethical , philosophical issues being discussed on an old science fiction TV show .
Watch the segment below , which is a trial where the Goa'uld representatives gives the argument why it 's acceptable for the Goa'uld to use humans as they do .
The human host victim is answering questions , and two humans are defending him , and trying to answer the Goa'uld 's argument .
I do n't want to give too much away .
Watch this clip and tell us what you think .
FACEBOOK COMMENTS :
The Taliban suicide attack that killed a group of CIA agents in Afghanistan on a base that was directing US drone aircraft used to attack Taliban leaders was big news in the US over the past week , with the airwaves and front pages filled with sympathetic stories referring to the fact that the female station chief , who was among those killed , was the " mother of three children . "
But the apparent mass murder of Afghan school children , including one as young as 11 years old , by a US - led group of troops , was pretty much blacked out in the American media .
Especially blacked out was word from UN investigators that the students had not just been killed but executed , many of them after having first been rousted from their bedroom and handcuffed ...
For the rest of this truly infuriating and horrific story , please go to : http://www.thiscantbehappening.net
Dave Lindorff
We spoke earlier about the five celebrating Israeli " movers " , ( Mossad agents ) , who were arrested and placed in solitary confinement for weeks after they were spotted in a white van suspected of attempting to blow up the George Washington Bridge .
We also reviewed how the Israeli owner of Urban Moving Systems - Dominick Suter - then suddenly abandoned his " moving company " and fled for Israel on 9 - 14 .
But there were still more Israeli " movers " and other Israelis whose actions raise serious suspicions .
Even more suspicious is how they are always quietly released and deported .
In October of 2001 , three more Israeli " movers " were stopped in Plymouth , PA because of their suspicious behavior .
These " movers " were seen dumping furniture near a restaurant dumpster !
When the restaurant manager approached the driver , a " Middle Eastern " man later identified as Moshe Elmakias fled the scene .
The manager made note of the truck 's sign which read " Moving Systems Incorporated " and called the police .
When the police spotted the truck , two other Israelis - Ayelet Reisler and Ron Katar began acting suspiciously .
The Plymouth police searched the truck and found a video .
The Israelis were taken into custody and the video tape was played at the police station .
The video revealed footage of Chicago with zoomed in shots of the Sears Tower .
The police quickly alerted the FBI and it was also discovered that the Israelis had falsified travel logs and phony paperwork on them .
( 1 ) They were also unable to provide a name and telephone number for the customer that they claimed to have been working for .
These Israelis were up to some sort of dirty business , and you can be sure it had nothing to do with moving furniture .
These Israeli spies may have had a dark sense of humor .
The name of their " moving company " actually contained the word MOSSAD embedded inside .
Moving Systems Incorporated .
MOving SyStems IncorporAteD...MOSSAD
On October 10 , 2001 , CNN made a brief mention of a foiled terrorist bomb plot in the Mexican Parliament building .
They promised to bring any further developments of this story to their viewers , but the incident was never heard of again in America .
But the story appeared in bold headlines on the front page of the major Mexican newspapers ( 2 ) and was also posted on the official website of the Mexican Justice Department .
( 3 ) Two terror suspects were apprehended in the Mexican Chamber of Deputies .
Caught red -handed , they had in their possession a high powered gun , nine hand grenades , and C - 4 plastic explosives ( great stuff for demolishing buildings ! )
Within days , this blockbuster story not only disappeared from the Mexican press , but the Israelis were quietly released and deported !
The two terrorists were Salvador Gerson Sunke and Sar ben Zui .
Can you guess what their ethnicity was ?
Sunke was a Mexican jew and Zui was a colonel with the Israeli special forces ( MOSSAD ) .
( 4 ) The story in El Diario de Mexico went on to reveal that the Zionist terrorists had fake Pakistani passports on them .
Can you say " false flag operation ? "
The probable motive of this particular botched terrorist operation was to involve oil rich Mexico in the " War on Terrorism " .
( The War on Israel 's enemies would be a more accurate description ) .
Mexico is no military power , but the psychological trauma of an " Arab " attack on Mexico would surely have induced Mexico to provide unlimited cheap oil to her American " protector " .
With cheap oil flowing to America at low prices from Mexico , the US could better afford to break off relations with the oil rich Arab states in general and Saudi Arabia in particular .
That 's why the planners chose 15 Saudi identities to steal for the 9 - 11 operation .
Many Mexicans expressed shock at the release of the two Israelis .
But when you learn that Mexico's Secretary of Foreign Relations is a Zionist named Jorge Gutman , it 's not surprising !
The Zionist tentacles reach even into Mexico !
La Voz de Aztlan ( Mexican - American news service ) , in it 's excellent investigative report revealed : " La Voz de Aztlan has learned that the Israeli Embassy used heavy handed measures to have the two Israelis released .
Very high level emergency meetings took place between Mexican Secretary of Foreign Relations Jorge Gutman , General Macedo de la Concha and a top Ariel Sharon envoy who flew to Mexico City specially for that purpose .
Elías Luf of the Israeli Embassy worked night and day and their official spokeswoman Hila Engelhart went into high gear after many hours of complete silence .
What went on during those high level meetings no one knows , but many in Mexico are in disbelief at their release . "
( 5 ) In November of 2001 , 6 more suspicious Israelis were detained in an unspecified mid-eastern state .
They had in their possession box cutters , oil pipeline plans , and nuclear power plant plans .
( 6 ) The local police called in the Feds and Immigration officials took over the scene and released the men without calling the FBI .
The Jerusalem Post , the Miami Herald , ( 7 ) and the Times of London ( 8 ) all carried this amazing story and all revealed how furious FBI officials were that these terror suspects with nuclear power plant plans were allowed to go free .
Of course , the corruption riddled FBI would only have caved into Zionist pressure from the Justice Department 's Criminal Division boss , Michael Chertoff , and also from the ADL's " partner " , FBI boss Robert Mueller - who would no doubt have found a way to eventually release those Israeli terror suspects too .
In December , 2001 , the Los Angeles Times published the story of how two jewish terrorists were arrested by the FBI for plotting to blow up the office of US Congressman of Arab descent - Darrell Issa ( R - CA ) , and a California mosque .
( 9 ) Irv Rubin and Earl Kruger of the Jewish Defense League ( JDL ) were charged with conspiracy to destroy a building by means of explosives .
This story got brief national coverage but quickly disappeared too .
These Zionists sure love blowing up buildings and killing innocent people do n't they ?
In May of 2002 , yet another moving van was pulled over in Oak Harbor , Washington near the Whidbey Island Naval Air Station .
Fox
News reported that the van was pulled over for speeding shortly after midnight .
The passengers told the police they were delivering furniture , but because it was so late at night , the police were n't buying the story .
A bomb sniffing dog was brought in and the dog detected the presence of TNT and RDX plastic explosives in the truck ( great stuff for demolishing buildings ! )
Both Fox News ( 10 ) and the Ha'aretz newspaper of Israel ( 11 ) reported that the two " movers " were Israelis .
In December , 2002 , Ariel Sharon made the amazing claim that Al - Qaeda agents were operating inside of Israel .
But when Palestinian authorities apprehended the suspects , they turned out to be Palestinian traitors impersonating Al - qaeda agents for the MOSSAD !
From the Sydney Morning Herald of Austrailia : " Palestinian security forces have arrested a group of Palestinians for collaborating with Israel and posing as operatives of Osama bin Laden 's al - Qaeda terrorist network , a senior official said yesterday .
.. The arrests come two days after Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon charged al - Qaeda militants were operating in Gaza and in Lebanon .
It was considered a surprise because the Gaza Strip is virtually sealed off by Israeli troops .
The hardline Israeli leader also charged other members of the terror group were cooperating with Lebanon 's Shi'ite militia Hizbollah " ( 12 )
You know , if Sharon was n't so dangerous , I 'd almost be amused by his bullshit !
According to FOX news , throughout late 2000 and 2001 , a total of 200 Israeli spies were arrested .
( 13 )
It was the largest spy ring to ever be uncovered in the history of the United States .
The Washington Post also reported that some of these Israelis were arrested in connection with the 9 - 11 investigation .
( 14 ) US .
Carl Cameron of FOX News Channel did a excellent four part , nationally televised , series of investigations into this blockbuster scandal .
But FOX pulled the investigative series after Zionist groups complained to FOX executives .
FOX even went so far as to remove the written transcripts of the series from its website !
In it 's place was posted a chilling , Orwellian message which reads : " This story no longer exists . "
( 15 ) Fortunately for the sake of history , the FOX transcripts were copied onto to many other websites and all four parts are available for your review .
( see footnotes . )
The FOX series and other mainstream news media sources revealed that many of these Israelis were army veterans with electronics and explosives expertise .
Many of them failed lie detector tests .
FBI agents told FOX that some of their past investigations were compromised because suspects had been tipped off by Israeli wiretapping specialists .
It was discovered that Israeli companies such as Comverse and Amdocs have the capability to tap American telephones ( great for blackmailing all those wife - cheating politicians ! )
FBI agents also told FOX they believed the Israelis had advance knowledge of the 9 - 11 attacks .
( which certainly would explain why no Israelis died in the WTC ) Still another US official informed FOX that some of the detained Israelis actually had links to 9 - 11 , but he refused to describe the nature of those links .
The FBI official told FOX's Carl Cameron : " Evidence linking these Israelis to 9 - 11 is classified .
I cannot tell you about the evidence that has been gathered .
It is classified information . " ( 16 ) ( emphasis added )
Then there was that small army of Israeli " art students " who were arrested for trying to sneak into secured US Federal buildings and staking out 36 Department of Defense sites .
Some of these suspicious " art students " even showed up at the homes of Federal employees .
( 17 ) Ron Hatchett , a Department of Defense analyst , told Channel 11 , KHOU news in Houston that he believed that the " art students " were gathering intelligence for future attacks .
Here 's an excerpt from the October 1 , 2001 KHOU investigative report by Anna Werner : " Could federal buildings in Houston and other cities be under surveillance by foreign groups ?
That 's what some experts are asking after federal law enforcement and security officials - nationally and in Houston - described for the 11 News Defenders a curious pattern of behavior by a group of people claiming to be Israeli art students . "
" Hatchett says they could be doing what he would be doing if he were a terrorist , sizing up the situation : " We need to know what are the entrances to this particular building .
We need to know what are the surveillance cameras that are operating .
We need to know how many guards are at this operation , when do they take breaks ? "
Says Hatchett :
This is not a bunch of kids selling artwork . "
" A former Defense Department analyst , Hatchett believes groups may be gathering intelligence for possible future attacks .
" Some organization , thinking in terms of a potential retaliation against the U.S. government could be scouting out potential targets and .
looking for targets that would be vulnerable . "
And a source tells the Defenders of another federal memo , stating that besides Houston and Dallas , the same thing has happened at sites in New York , Florida , and six other states , and even more worrisome , at 36 sensitive Department of Defense sites .
" One defense site you can explain , " says Hatchett , " well that was just a serendipitous , ....
Thirty - six ?
That 's a pattern . "
( 18 ) A Federal memo stated that these " art students " may have had ties to an " Islamic terror group " .
More likely , they were the " Islamic terror group " !
Remember the bombing of the King David Hotel in 1946 , and how the " Arab terrorists " were actually Irgun terrorists ?
Remember the Zionist terrorists caught in Mexico with Arab passports ?
Remember the official motto of the Mossad - By Way of Deception Thou Shalt Do War .
Are you getting the picture ?
Can you say " false flag operations " ?
In a follow up report a few days later , KHOU Channel 11 revealed that Dallas was also targetted : " 11 News reported how people claiming to be " Israeli art students " might be trying to sneak into federal buildings and defense sites , and even doing surveillance .
And at least one expert said he thought it could all be preparation for an attack .
Well , now federal sources say they are not ruling out that all of this could be connected with the hijackings on September 11 , because of events in another Texas city .
In Dallas , the so - called students hit early this year at the city 's FBI building , the Drug Enforcement Administration and at the Earle Cabell Federal building , where guards found one student wandering the halls with a floor plan of the building .
So the Dallas INS went on the alert , finding and arresting 15 people in March .
Thirteen claimed to be Israelis and two are professed Colombians .
But according to sources , once again their passports were phony .
And another federal source says some of those arrested also appeared to have lists of federal employees and their home addresses .
All 15 " students " have now been deported .
Now , since our first story ran Sunday night , some viewers called who said that they 've been visited by people who claim to be Israeli students selling art . "
( 19 ) Absolutely mind boggling !
Why were Israeli explosives experts , posing as " art students " roaming the halls of US Federal buildings ?
Why were Israeli army vets , armed with explosives and detonators , roaming the halls of the Mexican Congress ?
Why were Israeli " movers " caught in vans with explosives residue ?
Might some of these shady characters have once also " roamed the halls " of the World Trade Center prior to 9 - 11 ?
Why are n't " 60 minutes " , " Nightline " , " 20/20 " , and the rest of the Zionist media aggressively pursuing the story behind the Israeli " art students " and " movers " with 1/1,000th the zeal that they pursued Martha Stewart over allegations of insider trading ( who cares ? ) , or 1/10,000th the zeal that they pursued the Catholic Church over an occasional pedophile priest ?
( funny how we never hear about the documented cases of pedophile rabbis ! ) or 1/100,000th the zeal that they pursue the Muslim bogeyman on a daily basis ?
Something smells rotten here !
One would think that these intriguing mysteries would have great TV audience appeal , especially in light of the fact that the Oklahoma Federal building was blown up in 1995 by the since executed Timothy McVeigh ( dead men tell no tales ) , and a " John Doe # 2 " of " Middle - Eastern appearance " , who was never tracked down or pursued despite numerous eye - witness accounts and despite an FBI All Points Bulletin which clearly described him as such .
Of America 's major networks , only FOX News made a meager attempt to investigate these mysteries , but FOX was quickly silenced by Zionist pressure .
This alone is evidence of criminal activity !
Before his excellent work was silenced , FOX's Carl Cameron reported this amazing bit of information : " Investigators within the DEA , INS , and FBI have all told FOX News that to pursue or even suggest Israeli spying is considered career suicide . " ( 20 ) ( emphasis added ) Did you catch that ?
If a Federal investigator dares to " even suggest " Israeli spying , he has committed " career suicide " !
And if a journalist like FOX's Cameron dares to bring this scandal to light , he is told to shut his mouth .
If they persist , they may even be called " anti-Semitic " - a label which has served as the kiss of death for many a career .
This means that Zionist Mafia can do whatever it wants , whenever it wants , and however it wants - including orchestrating , financing , executing , and covering up the true story of events in the Middle East , the 9 - 11 massacre , and the ensuing " War on Terrorism " ( war on Israel 's enemies ) .
Now do you remember the Mossad 's " warning " about the 200 " Al - Qaeda terrorists " said to have been preparing major attacks in the US ?
( 21 )
At the time of this writing , we are one year into the largest investigation in American history , and not one of these 200 " terrorists " has yet to be uncovered .
( 22 ) But 200 Israeli spies were uncovered , among them many military members , electronics experts , wiretapping and phone tapping specialists , and explosives experts with the skill to bring down tall buildings .
( 23 ) Logic and common sense leads to the conclusion that the " 200 Al Qaeda terrorists " were in reality , 200 Zionist terrorists sent to frame the Arabs for terrorist attacks and drag America into a war .
On December 11 , 2002 , Senator Bob Graham ( D - FL ) , a leading member of the Senate Intelligence Committee , appeared as a guest on the PBS Newshour with Gwen Ifill .
Graham surprised Ifill by expressing his belief that a foreign government or governments had to have funded and supported the hijackers .
Here 's part of the exchange : IFILL : " Are you suggesting that you are convinced that there was a state sponsor behind 9/11 ? "
GRAHAM : " I think there is very compelling evidence that at least some of the terrorists were assisted not just in financing - although that was part of it - by a sovereign foreign government and that we have been derelict in our duty to track that down , make the further case , or find the evidence that would indicate that that is not true and we can look for other reasons why the terrorists were able to function so effectively in the United States . "
IFILL : " Do you think that will ever become public , which countries you 're talking about ? "
Now listen to Graham 's bombshell .........: GRAHAM : " It will become public at some point when it 's turned over to the archives , but that 's 20 or 30 years from now .
And , we need to have this information now because it's relevant to the threat that the people of the United States are facing today . " ( 24 ) ( emphasis added ) Senator Graham is suggesting that US intelligence knows which foreign government helped the terrorists , but the government is n't going to tell us for another 30 years !
Given the current state of anti-Muslim war hysteria being promoted by the media and government , common sense dictates that if an Arab government was ever discovered to have sponsored 9 - 11 , we'd be seeing the evidence night and day on the controlled media , and hearing about it non-stop from all the President 's warmongers as well as the Israeli - occupied US Congress and Senate .
This alone is evidence that no Arab government was involved in 9 - 11 .
It ca n't be an Arab government .
Why would any Arab government sponsor " Al - qaeda " , an organization dedicated to overthrowing what it sees as corrupt , US - backed Arab governments ?
What Arab government would have incentive to attack America - its best oil purchasing customer ?
What Arab government would have the ability to shield itself from US media exposure ?
What Arab government would be so suicidal , so hell - bent on its own destruction , as to attack a mighty nuclear superpower like the United States ?
So who , if not an Arab government could be the chief sponsor of 9 - 11 ?
Again , let 's go back to FOX News quoting an FBI official .
Pay close attention to the specific language used : " Evidence linking these Israelis to 9 - 11 is classified .
I cannot tell you about the evidence that has been gathered .
It is classified information . " ( 25 ) ( empasis added )
In order for evidence " linking these Israelis to 9 - 11 " to become classified , the evidence has to have existed in the first place !
Furthermore , but it must have been very , very serious stuff indeed .
Only the really ugly stuff merits the distinction of being " classified ! "
It may be possible that the good Senator does n't know himself which country or countries are involved .
Graham may still be under the delusion that it's an Arab government .
Or , perhaps he 's a disgusted patriot just trying to throw a subtle shot at Israel in his own little way , without actually having to commit " career suicide " as so many other anti-Zionist politicians have in the past .
History will reveal the truth one day , just as it did for Pearl Harbor .
The trouble is , by that time , no one will care about 9 - 11 and this phony war " War on Terrorism " anymore .
The American attention span does not reach " 20 - 30 years " .
It 's closer to 20 - 30 minutes , about the length of an average Dan Rather , Peter Jennings , or Tom Brokaw infomercial .
If even that !
History always repeats itself .
But who will teach this history to the American people when the Zionists control the information industry ?
The Zionist Mafia and their ass - kissing careerist henchmen in media , government , academia , and business have all of the bases covered .
Am kommenden Mittwoch findet in der Staatskanzlei in Mainz eine nichtöffentliche Anhörung zum aktuellen Entwurf des überarbeiteten Jugendmedienschutz - Staatsvertrages ( PDF ) statt .
Dazu haben wir beim AK Zensur eine Stellungnahme ( PDF ) verfasst ...
Mehr
( h/t Heather )
Do you want to know how lost in space conservatives are during this health care debate ?
Watch Eric Cantor , the golden boy of the conservatives , make a complete fool of himself .
When their goal is to just block everything , lies , dodges and sick thoughts cascade out of their mouths and into the atmosphere .
First he says health - care reform is so time - consuming and is stopping them from doing anything else , but the real sickness comes out when he 's asked at a town hall if he could help a woman who has tumors in her belly , who had lost their health insurance and has cancer .
The anti-government freak Cantor actually looks this woman in the eye and asks her to try and find some mythical government program for help .
If these programs existed , should n't the golden boy at least know what they are ?
And I thought the government was the devil to Cantor ?
When confronted with real - life problems , they have no solutions and just make twisted crap up .
Then he brings up the BIG CANARD : Charity care .
Hahahahahahaha .
We saw the same thing with Tom Coburn at his town hall and now we see it with Cantor .
Remember Coburn ?
Coburn :
Well , I think — first of all , yeah .
We 'll help .
The first thing we will do is to see what we can do , individually , to help you , through our office .
But the other thing that is missing in this debate is us as neighbors , helping people that need our help .
[ Applause . ]
You know we tend to ... [ Applause . ]
The idea that the government is a solution to our problems is an inaccurate , a very inaccurate statement .
There answer is to go broke , become indigent , then beg the government for some crumbs while you die waiting for a non existent program to swoop in and save you .
Or maybe you can go begging ...
I wonder if one of his health - care reform proposals will be that Americans should organize charity squads that go door - to - door and beg for charity money from their towns and hope they can raise 400 K in a couple of days for one person .
I 'm sorry , I just got queasy just watching this video of this asshole .
The San Francisco Chronicle is equally appalled :
I can not make this up .
You have to watch the entire video unedited ( though I also have the short video version ) and see if Representative and Minority Whip Eric Cantor 's version of a " public option " squares with your personal values as a human being and as an American . --
The question an audience participant asked is paraphrased as " Relative got cancer and lost his insurance ... what happens ? "
Representative Eric Cantors response paraphrased : " Sell or auction all your belongings .
After you reach a certain poverty threshold , apply for Medicaid , the federal medical insurance for the very poor .
If that 's not enough apply for indigent services . "
As I said , I can not make this up .
Just watch the distinguished gentleman from Virginia , Rep. Eric Cantor .
Cantor was on MSNBC and said that he was only trying to answer the question and figure out a way for that women to get help immediately .
Tamryn
Hall did n't ask a follow - up , but Cantor looked like a buffoon .
Is the only thing he can think of to help quickly is that a person become indigent .
Why is he blocking any meaningful reform ?
Not long after the smoke from the Consumer Electronics Show cleared , thousands of gun lovers converged upon the Sands Convention Center in Las Vegas for the Shooting Hunting and Outdoor Trade ( SHOT ) Show .
It was loaded with techie stuff , too .
This year , the highest - tech gun belonged to Armatix .
The German firm has an electronic safety that automatically disables the pistol when it's not within a few inches of a custom wristwatch .
The watch sends a wireless arming signal to the gun .
If the gun is picking up a signal from the watch , a green LED on the back lights up .
Try squeezing the handle without wearing the watch , and you will see a red warning light .
Anyone can pick up a limited edition version of the pistol for about 7,000 euro , which is pretty steep for a . 22 cal plinker .
They start shipping next month .
Photos courtesy of Bryan William Jones
Armatix will eventually offer higher caliber guns , like this colossal revolver , as well as rifles and shotguns .
Photos courtesy of Bryan William Jones
Glock just released an update to their bestselling line of pistols .
Each one has a fiercely textured grip , a larger magazine release and interchangeable backstraps .
There 's something new under the hood too .
Each gun has a set of three springs to dampen recoil .
When we shot the .40 - caliber Glock 22 , its kick was surprisingly soft .
We dressed the weapon up with a Viridian green laser sight .
It is so bright that you can light targets up with it in full daylight .
While red lasers are difficult , if not impossible to see in full daylight , our photographer professor Bryan Jones noted that the opsins or molecules that detect photons of light in our eyes are more sensitive to green light than red light .
The result is that the green lasers appear brighter to our eyes than an equivalent red laser at the same wattage .
Photos courtesy of Bryan William Jones
Burris has built one of the most sophisticated rifle scopes we 've ever seen .
It has a laser rangefinder that can automatically adjust your sights to compensate for the fall of each bullet over long distances .
Just point the crosshairs at the target , push a button on the side of the scope , and a bright red dot will show you exactly where the bullet will fall .
We were able to easily hit targets at 400 and 700 meters without any experience at long - range rifle shooting .
The scope has one hiccup :
It has a hard time judging the distances of targets that are solid black .
Photos courtesy of Bryan William Jones
After a long series of delays , this Heckler and Koch MR556 may become available to civilians later this year .
The German government told Heckler and Koch to hobble the military rifle before offering it to civilians in the United States , but the gun maker pushed back .
So , the guns will be compatible with a wide variety of aftermarket parts that are currently sold for AR - 15 style weapons .
Other black rifles have been selling like hotcakes since 2004 , when President Bush allowed a ban on assault weapons to expire .
Photos courtesy of Bryan William Jones
Later this year , you will be able to buy rubber bullets for home defense .
Lightfield has been selling these projectiles to law enforcement agencies and wildlife officials for years .
Each round is filled with a soft projectile that resembles a koosh ball .
They look like toys , because they 're made by a Chinese toy factory .
The best thing about them is that they are n't likely to kill someone even if they are fired at point blank range .
They 're so soft that they 're almost incapable of penetrating the body .
Photos courtesy of Bryan William Jones
Ultimate Survival Technologies makes the best survival kits we 've ever seen .
In addition to packing lightweight plastic signal mirrors , well - designed whistles and flints that can be used one - handed , each kit contains a special type of tinder called WetFire .
It 's made from a blend of paraffin and vegetable oil , and it can burn well even when it 's sitting in a pool of water .
Supposedly , it was developed by NASA as a solid rocket fuel .
Photos courtesy of Bryan William Jones
Spyderco released this wicked looking knife , which they have dubbed The Warrior .
Fantasy soldier might be a better name .
Although its design was inspired by the work of the Darwin - award - worthy mercenary Michael Echanis , we do n't expect to see a lot of contractors carrying these things around .
A sales representative told us that the serrations on the inner edge are designed for beheading people .
It 's made with H1 steel , so it wo n't rust even if you bring it along on a Hawaiian snorkeling trip .
Photos courtesy of Bryan William Jones
Later this year , Taser will start selling a civilian version of its three - shot people zapper .
Unlike the law enforcement model , it will have a range of only 15 feet .
Despite that limitation , the increased firepower may lead to some regrettable incidents .
It 's anybody 's guess whether armed civilians will abuse their ability to shock people repeatedly , the way that cops do .
Flip off the safety , and the Taser will light up your target with both a laser and white light from an LED .
The neuromuscular incapacitator could double as a pet toy .
Kitties will love chasing the bright red spot all over your home .
Alongside the Tasers is the new Surefire Stratum flashlight , which can put out up to 150 lumens .
The pocket - sized LED torch will be available in a few months .
Photos courtesy of Bryan William Jones
MORE DANGER ROOM PHOTO GALLERIES :
The Queen was today presented with a letter setting out how the royal prerogative had been used to shield parliament from the terms of an extradition treaty with the US , the same treaty now being used against self - confessed hacker Gary McKinnon .
" I am sure the queen would not have knowingly sold out her own citizens , " Janis Sharp , McKinnon 's mother , told Computer Weekly .
Sharp was speaking at the protest outside the Home Office before delivering the letter to Buckingham Palace .
The letter was part of a protest organised by Save Gary campaigners against his extradition to the US .
McKinnon faces charges that he hacked into and damaged US military IT systems in 2001 .
McKinnon admits the hack , but denies causing damage .
Among the MPs who lent their support to the protest were Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg , Home Office minister Keith Vaz , Chris Huhne , Kate Hoey , and Andrew Mackinlay .
In July , Mackinlay told parliament , " We talk about the extradition treaty between the US and the UK , but actually there is no such piece of legislation in the UK .
These things are done under the royal prerogative .
In contrast , the measures in question were endorsed in legislation in the US Congress two and a half years after we promulgated our side of the so - called bargain .
There has clearly been a disparity from the beginning . "
Sharp said former home secretary Jack Straw had once called for the royal prerogative , an ancient law that permits the queen to declare war and conclude treaties among other things , to be struck off the statute book .
It is now used only on the advice of the prime minister and cabinet .
Sharp said Labour used it to hide from parliament the text of the controversial extradition treaty .
" The government negotiated and signed the treaty in secret in the wake of 9/11 , " she said .
Sharp said McKinnon , who suffers from Asperger 's syndrome , an autistic condition , had become suicidal from stress as the case , now eight years old , dragged on .
McKinnon 's lawyers have asked for a judicial review of home secretary Alan Johnson 's decision to allow McKinnon 's extradition to go ahead , despite his deteriorating physical and mental condition .
The courts are expected to reply by 24 December .
Protesters from the Save Gary campaign outside the Home Office , London .
" If one cares about the environment , one must care about eating animals ...
Someone who regularly eats factory - farmed products cannot call himself an environmentalist without divorcing that word from its meaning . "
Jonathan Safran Foer , Eating Animals
The numbers look pretty unarguable .
So much so that - as a senitive meat - eating , trying - hard green - I have to ask if Safran Foer is being too soft : can any meat - eater at all call themselves an environmentalist ?
Livestock agriculture produces more greenhouse gas emissions than every train , truck , car and aeroplane put together .
The resources consumed by one average omnivore in pursuit of animal protein would nourish as many as 10 vegetarians ( there 's lots of argument about this stat - some would put the ratio higher ) .
So , shift people 's diets and the planet can support more people – in fact , it will quite easily deal with the 9.2 billion at which population is currently forecast to peak in about 40 years ' time , even with the threat to agriculture that climate change poses .
If the omnivores you convert are the usual guzzlers of cheap industrial meat that populate the rich world , all the better .
Because production of their protein is particularly demanding on fossil fuels – for fertiliser , processing , transport and so on .
So , it 's better for the planet if you 're a vegetarian , right ?
You do n't have to be a vegan fundamentalist ( before the climate change deniers start venting ) to hold this view : Lord Stern , former chief economist at the World Bank and a pretty mainstream figure who now advises the British government on climate change , told the Times in October : " Meat is a wasteful use of water and creates a lot of greenhouse gases .
It puts enormous pressure on the world 's resources .
A vegetarian diet is better . "
And what is Stern diet ?
" Not strict vegetarian , " apparently .
Therein are the makings of a defence for meat eating .
Clearly vegetarians who eat soya , chickpeas , lentils , rice and other imported foods are not as green as a Fife dieter eating locally grown turnips , kale and oats .
Ask a preachy vegetarian to audit their food sourcing and they may not come out much cleaner than what Safran Foer calls a " selective omnivore " .
It is argued that the average rich world vegetarian may not consume much less of the planet 's resources than the average moderate omnivore : a report last week for the Worldwide Fund for Nature ( download pdf ) on the impact of food production pointed out that highly processed vegetarian meat substitutes or foods made of imported soya ( as in tofu ) might actually use more arable land and resources than their beef or dairy equivalents .
Deforestation in the developing world to grow cheap soya for human and animal feed is a major issue in climate change .
Fish - eating - which Safran Foer stated in Tuesday 's Guardian is as , if not more , cruel than meat eating - may not be a much greener option either .
Already 50 % of the fish and shellfish eaten globally is produced by aquaculture , much of it intensive and ecologically often dodgy - for instance in the tropical prawn industry .
Farming carnivores like salmon is fairly disastrous ecologically , and involves a similar waste of food resources to meat - it takes 3 - 5 kg of other fish to produce 1 kg of salmon .
But as a committed carnivore I have to acknowledge that if I want my grandchildren ever to enjoy a perfect entrecôte steak I must address my habits now : all this nonchalant animal protein - munching cannot go on .
Meat in the developed world needs to be seen as more of a luxury and less of a staple .
Food is responsible for 30 % of the UK 's greenhouse gas emissions ( according to the new WWF report ) and a large proportion of that is from livestock farming .
The average Briton eats 50g of animal protein a day : a chicken breast or a lamb chop .
That 's much less than countries like the United States , but it is still 25 - 50 % more than the average person needs for healthy nutrition .
The main reason that world food production must rise by 50 % in the next 50 years ( the UN FAO 's projection ) is not the increase in population , but the increase in meat eating as poorer countries develop .
Which is why I am trying to embrace the ' drop meat once a week ' notion .
One day off the red stuff ?
Not so great a hardship , really .
And if you eat local meat , sustainably produced , rather than Brazilian rainforest fed burgers , that will help .
Also , I do n't want to see livestock farming disappear - it shaped the countryside we know .
Or you could simply have fewer children - the most planet - unfriendly thing you can possibly do is produce more animal - gobbling , methane - emitting , fossil fuel squanderers .
The only other carnivore option is to eat the dog and then the goldfish .
After that , it 's roadkill only .
Baby , it 's cold outside .
Not just up here in New England , but across continents .
Citrus farmers in Florida are worried about freezing crops .
Britain is experiencing its worst cold spell in three decades .
There 's record snowfall in China .
You know what this means , of course .
Brace yourself for yet another spate of obituaries declaring the end of .
The jokes I can tolerate well enough .
I mean , who , in the midst of shoveling snow , has n't been tempted to throw out a one - liner to their neighbor like , " hey , what happened to global warming ? "
Or " tell Al Gore I have an extra shovel for him when he 's done with his next book . "
It 's tough to resist the temptation –it 's the cold - climate equivalent of saying , " man , it 's like a sauna in here " when you are , indeed , taking a sauna .
But it 's the person who offers supposedly serious conclusions based on limited , recent observation that 's tougher to swallow .
It 's beyond me how someone can look a camera , editor , or blogosphere in the eye and , with straight face , suggest that a few weeks of frigid winter temperatures put a resolute end to multi- year trends .
It 's as ridiculous as suggesting that because your uncle smoked until he was 90 , the link between and cancer has been dispelled .
We simply read too much into recent events in assessing present conditions and forecasting the future .
We put so much stock in what has just happened that we lose sight of the broader trajectory that brought us to this point .
Recent developments are more salient and therefore more influential in how we think .
So the past few weeks have been bitterly cold ?
Well , then , the earth can't be getting warmer .
It 's little different than the bettor 's overconfidence that the three teams that won last week 's relatively meaningless football games will also win the rematches this weekend when the NFL playoffs start .
Or the all - you - can - eat buffeteer 's certainty that he 's never going to be hungry again after inhaling half his own weight in shrimp cocktail .
And just as it demonstrates the power of recency , the inevitable surge in global warming skepticism after a cold spell also illustrates what seems to be our society 's increasing imperviousness to data .
As Michael Specter suggests in his new book Denialism , in many respects , we seem to be devolving into a culture in which we 'd rather rely on gut feeling than scientific inquiry .
When I was in graduate school , I once heard a psychologist I greatly admire caution against reading too much into isolated examples .
" The plural of anecdote is not data , " I recall hearing her say more than a decade ago .
But all too often , it would seem that more of us subscribe to the sentiment underlying a different quotation , namely Mark Twain 's claim that the three varieties of lies are " lies , damned lies , and statistics . "
Sure , statistics can be manipulated .
In fact , I hear that 's true 87 % of the time .
But this is precisely why reasonable scientists do n't base their conclusions on just one study , one set of data , or one research team .
Consider the Climategate controversy a few months ago surrounding those hacked emails from British climatologists .
Some trumpeted that these emails were proof of fraudulent research practices ( they were n't , as a close reading of the actual messages reveals ) .
But even if they were , it 's not as if these were the only data indicating a clear trajectory of increasing temperatures over decades .
When I teach research methods to college students , I emphasize all semester long this notion that the plural of " anecdote " is n't " data . "
But we lose sight of this premise too easily in daily life .
How else to explain why we allow a couple weeks of cold temperatures to influence us more than the finding that 2009 was one of the top 10 warmest years in recorded history ?
Or why we become convinced by a few instances of co-occurrence that vaccination causes ?
Or why we believe we 've experienced a psychic moment when the long - lost friend we suddenly dreamed about the other night phones out of the blue ?
Your gut can be misleading .
No , science is n't perfect .
After all , it 's inherently a process of trial and error .
But when we read too much into singular events , recent developments , coincidences , and regular fluctuations , we do n't stand even a chance of learning anything meaningful about the world around us .
Without stepping back to take a big - picture and –dare I say it ? –an empirical / statistical view , we get too distracted by the random blips to truly understand what 's on the radar screen in front of us .
So strap on your boots , gloves , and thermal underwear , and remember , this is what winter feels like .
Sometimes it 's cold , sometimes it 's damned cold , and sometimes it 's not so bad .
A colder - than - average January does n't disprove global warming any more than one warmer - than - average month confirms it .
Or as Twain himself might have put it , the rumors of global warming 's demise have been greatly exaggerated .
Show full PR text
1930 Ford Model
A that John Dillinger used in an escape to be sold at Barrett - Jackson at No Reserve
The car also starred in the recent blockbuster " Public Enemies " with Johnny Depp
The Model A ( Lot # 1309 ) includes meticulous documentation from the current owner
SCOTTSDALE , Ariz . – Jan. 4 , 2010 - The 1930's Ford Model A ( Lot # 1309 ) used by the notorious gangster John Dillinger and later in the blockbuster 2009 movie about his life , will be sold at No Reserve during the 39th Annual Barrett - Jackson Collector Car Auction in Scottsdale on Jan. 18 - 24 , 2010 at WestWorld .
The Ford , which carried " Public Enemy " number one to safety in 1934 while Dillinger sprayed pursing cops with his Tommy gun , will cross the block as the world watches on SPEED .1930 's Ford Model A ( Lot # 1309 ) " While Bonnie and Clyde , Machine Gun Kelly , Pretty Boy Floyd and Baby Face Nelson were media celebrities , none were more famous than John Dillinger , " said Barrett - Jackson Chairman / CEO Craig Jackson .
" His daring robberies and hold ups fed the nation 's hunger for sensationalist news .
His ability to elude capture and escape by using fast , reliable cars with seeming impunity made him a folk hero .
" Dillinger and his gang raged throughout Ohio , Indiana , Michigan , Illinois , Kentucky , South Dakota , Iowa and Wisconsin during the Great Depression .
One of Dillinger 's most memorable escapes took place at the Little Bohemia Lodge in Manitowish Waters , Wis. on April 22 , 1934 .
Dillinger , Homer Van Meter and John " Red " Hamilton , his two top lieutenants , escaped in the 1930 Ford Model A coupe offered at Barrett - Jackson .
" This car is a piece of American gangster history and as much a part of Dillinger 's legend as his Tommy guns and Colt automatics , " stated Steve Davis , president of Barrett - Jackson .
" Not only did this particular car get the famous gangster out of a fix with the cops in hot pursuit , it was used in the recent Johnny Depp movie about Dillinger .
So it 's played an important role in history and cinema emulating history .
" After a series of robberies , Dillinger and his gang hid out at the Little Bohemia Lodge in Manitowish Waters .
The proprietors , Emil and Nan Wanatka , recognized them and managed to tip off the authorities to the gang 's location .
Upon arrival , the Feds perforated the Lodge with bullets until Dillinger , Van Meter and Hamilton bailed out of doors and windows , rushing through the woods until they found the Model T nearby .
The gangsters politely but firmly commandeered the Ford and its owner , Robert Johnson , to drive it .
Johnson was let out near Park Falls , Wis .
The trio of crooks eluded law enforcement and drove to Hastings , Minn. , over 200 miles away from the Lodge .
There , they were once again identified and fled in a high speed pursuit .
Hamilton was fatally shot in the hail of gunfire .
Dillinger , it is said , smashed the Ford 's rear window with his Thompson and sprayed his pursuers with bullets as he escaped .
Heading for the anonymity of Chicago , they dumped the bullet - riddled Model A in favor of a stolen 1934 Ford V8 .
Just three months later , Dillinger was killed as he exited the Biograph Theater in Chicago .
Bullet pocked and blood stained , the Ford was impounded by the police .
Files from the Division of Investigation ( now FBI ) identified it as " 1930 Ford coupe , 4 cylinder , Model A , Wisconsin license # 92652 , Motor # 2980001 .
"
" The Model A was eventually returned to Johnson who determined that it was n't worth repairing and parked it for nearly three decades , " noted Davis .
" The car ended up in the barn of Alfred Love 's mother in - law , where Johnson rented a bungalow .
Love bought it from Johnson and eventually passed it to his son , Mark , the current owner .
" The Ford was carefully restored in 2007 to appear in " Public Enemies " , preserving the original bullet holes and dimples under body filler and carefully documenting the original appearance including the upholstery soaked with blood .
This car is comprehensively documented with its transfer paperwork , articles , books , before - restoration photographs and a selection of documents copied from the federal files .
" This Ford was at the center of one of the most famous shootouts in gangster history , " added Jackson .
" It is , more than any automobile and even firearm , identified with Dillinger .
It 's been owned by only two families since it played a crucial role in the Little Bohemia Lodge escape .
The Dillinger Ford Model
A coupe would be an incredible addition to a collection , museum or attraction that commemorates the history of Ford , the Model A or American history .
" About The Barrett - Jackson Auction CompanyThe Barrett - Jackson Auction Company was established in 1971 and headquartered in Scottsdale , Ariz. , Barrett - Jackson specializes in providing products and services to classic and collector car owners , astute collectors and automotive enthusiasts around the world .
The company produces the " World 's Greatest Collector Car Auctions ™ " in Scottsdale , Palm Beach , Fla. , Las Vegas , and Orange County , Cali .
Barrett - Jackson also endorses a one - of - a- kind collector car insurance offering for collector vehicles and other valued belongings .
For more information about Barrett - Jackson , visit www.barrett-jackson.com or call ( 480 ) 421-6694 .
Clearly , Mayor Bloomberg did n’t make the guest list .
Six years after New York City passed a ban on smoking in bars and restaurants , it is easier than ever to find smokers partying indoors like it ’s 1999 , or at least 2002 .
In November , Eater.com called it “ the worst kept secret in New York nightlife ” that “ smoking is now allowed in numerous nightspots , specifically just about any and every lounge and club with a doorman and a rope . ”
A few weeks later , GuestofaGuest.com , a blog about New York clubs and bars , posted a “ smoker ’s guide to N.Y.C. nightlife . ”
Image VAPOR TRAIL Tracking the scent of cigarettes around Manhattan .
Above , at the Libertine .
Credit ...
David X Prutting / PatrickMcMullan.com
“ Everyone looks the other way , ” said Billy Gray , 25 , a reporter for Guest of a Guest , who says that he knows precisely which high - end bars and lounges , most of them in the meatpacking district or Lower East Side , will let him smoke inside .
Far from deterring smoking indoors , the ban simply adds an allure to it , said Mr. Gray , a half - pack - a - day smoker .
“ It ’s more of an illicit thrill now , ” he said .
“ Like when you were a teenager and snuck a beer in your parents ’ basement . ”
Plenty of New York City bars have thumbed their noses at the smoking ban for as long as it has been the law .
As early as 2004 , The New York Times wrote about neighborhood bars that allowed friends and regulars to light up after closing time .
In 2008 , at the opening of the Libertine , a Todd English restaurant in the financial district , cigarette girls handed out free smokes that guests consumed liberally .
But corner bars that tolerate smoking have traditionally relied on flying too far below the radar to be noticed .
By contrast , at expensive paparazzi - flanked nightclubs that appear in gossip columns , there seems to be a new brazenness .
Pictured :
The 400 - year - old map that shows China as the centre of the world
Advertisement
A rare 17th Century map that shows China as the as the centre of the world went on display yesterday in Washington .
The map , created in 1602 by Italian Jesuit missionary Matteo Ricci , was the first in Chinese to show the Americas , and identifies Florida as ' the Land of Flowers ' .
The 12ft by 5ft document , printed on six rolls of rice paper , is on show at the Library of Congress .
It is one of only two copies in existence in good condition , and was coined ' the impossible black tulip of cartography ' by experts strugging to track it down .
Rare : The 17th Century Ricci Map .
1 : China - 2 : India - 3 : Russia - 4 : Europe - 5 : Japan - 6 : Canada - 7 : US - 8 : South America - 9 : Africa - 10 : Middle East
The map includes drawings and annotations detailing different regions of the world .
Africa was noted to have the world 's highest mountain and longest river , while a brief description of North America describes ' humped oxen ' , wild horses and a region named ' Ka - na - ta ' .
Several Central and South American places are also named , including ' Wa - ti - ma - la ' ( Guatemala ) , ' Yu - ho - t' ang ' ( Yucatan ) and ' Chih - Li ' ( Chile ) .
Ricci also included a brief description of the discovery of the Americas : ' In olden days , nobody had ever known that there were such places as North and South America or Magellanica , ' he wrote , citing a name that early mapmakers used for Australia and Antarctica .
' But a hundred years ago , Europeans came sailing in their ships to parts of the sea coast , and so discovered them . '
Historic :
The document , printed on six rolls of delicate rice paper , is one of only two copies in existence in good condition .
It is on show alongside the Waldseemuller world map - the first to use the name ' America '
Ti Bin Zhang of the Chinese Embassy in Washington called the map a ' catalyst for commerce ' , and that it represented the momentous first meeting of East and West .
Ricci was among the first Westerners to live in what is now Beijing .
Known for introducing Western science to China , Ricci created the map at the request of Emperor Wanli .
No examples of the map are known to exist in China , where Ricci was revered and buried .
Only a few original copies are known to exist , held by the Vatican 's libraries and collectors in France and Japan .
Catalyst for commerce :
The map is thought to represent the momentous first meeting of East and West
The copy on display at the Library of Congress became the second most expensive rare map ever sold after it was purchased by the James Ford Bell Trust in October for $ 1 million .
The trust also owns the Waldseemuller world map , which was the first to use the name ' America ' and was purchased for a staggering $ 10 million in 2003 .
Prior to its sale , the Ricci map had been held by a private collector in Japan .
When the Washington exhibition ends in April , it will be housed at the Bell Library at the University of Minnesota .
Who 's Miss B? Brianne Southern Cal , California , United States Brianne is an NPC figure competitor , Certified Fitness Nutrition Specialist & Certified Personal Trainer , wife and mother to Elliana Ramirez born May 3 , 2011 .
She lives and breathes the fitness industry & loves to help anyone reach their goals and strive for more !
Now new challenges arise as she tries to get back in shape , work , be a mother & a wife all while motivating others .
View my complete profile
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A video of Marilyn Monroe allegedly smoking marijuana has been made public some 50 years after it was filmed .
The film was recently bought for $ 275,000 ( £ 166,000 ) by US collector Keya Morgan , who is making a documentary on the death of Monroe in August 1962 .
He tracked it down to an attic in New Jersey - the person who filmed it said it was taken at an informal gathering in 1958 or 1959 .
The film shows a personal side rarely seen in public since the actress achieved stardom .
At one point in the film , Marilyn points her nose toward her armpit and laughs .
The original film - maker - who has asked for anonymity - said the cigarette in the footage contained marijuana .
" I got it - it was mine .
It was just passed around , " they said .
" It was not a party .
It was just a get - together .
You know , ' come over and hang out ' . "
Source : South Asia Analysis Group
By D. S. Rajan
There is apparently a lull now in the propaganda drive of the Chinese state - controlled media on the Sino - Indian border issue .
Epithets like ‘ no compromise on territory ’ , ‘ lessons of 1962 ’ and ‘ dangerous consequences for India ’ , used by them earlier , are carefully being avoided .
Adding to the atmosphere is the muted media reaction noticed so far to the Indian Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh ’s firm reference ( Washington , 25 November 2009 ) to China ’s ‘ certain amount of assertiveness of late ’ and implied disapproval of that country ’s reform path ‘ introduced by the writ of the ruling group in a non-democratic set up ’ .
The only critical comment has been in a very brief manner - ‘ Unfriendly remarks ’ , said People ’s Daily of 9 December 2009 .
Similar has been the case with concerns expressed recently by the Indian Defence Minister , Mr. Antony , on China ’s military help to Pakistan , with the Chinese media by and large not paying much attention .
The fall in the level of the media rhetoric coincides with some significant military exchanges between the two sides .
The Indian Air force Chief has taken part in the Zhuhai ( China ) air show in November 2009 and two top Chinese People ’s Liberation Army ( PLA ) officials - Deputy Chief of Staff General Ge Zhenfeng and the Commander of the Tibet Military District Lt Gen Shu Yutai , have paid visits to India .
The symbolic importance of the Tibet military commander ’s sojourn in India , at the present juncture comes out clearly .
The Chinese language unofficial websites and blogs in the People ’s Republic of China ( PRC ) however continue to take on India on the border issue , rather vehemently , which should be noted if not with alarm in India .
Chinese scholars visiting India have argued in the past that the government is in no position to control bloggers in the country , said to be about 180 million ; more over views expressed in the blogs have come from ‘ Fen Qing ’ or angry youth and do not represent official opinion .
On the other hand , the contents of the blogs have always appeared important for analysts abroad as the concerned writers looked knowledgeable , enjoying more often access to the government data and information .
In the context mentioned , what the Chinese websites and blogs have said of late on contentious issues including that of Sino - Indian border deserve close scrutiny .
Their views topic - wise are given below :
Sino - Indian war ?
First , the blogs in the websites address the question whether there will be a second war with India and if so at what time .
Revealing that China ’s top central leadership has reached a consensus to teach India a lesson and recover ‘ Southern Tibet ’ ( India ’s Arunachal Pradesh ) , two blog assessments in Chinese language ( www.warchina.com/n88582c21.aspx dated 1 December 2009 and www.warchina.com/n8183c21.aspx dated 9 December 2009 ) predict that Beijing may consider the 2010 - 2011 period as suitable for action against India ; they argue that by that time conditions would have been established for next power transfer in China , economic crisis in China would have been over , the international role of the US would have become extremely weak , China would have become a powerful player in international politics , China would have been able to bring in a regional military balance , the PRC ’s comprehensive national strength would have developed further in comparison to that of India and lastly , China ’s military preparedness would have been completed .
Chinese reinforcement in the border
The second theme in the blogs pertains to reinforcement of China ’s troops in the border already carried out and the improvement of logistics on China ’s side , in response to India ’s recent dispatch of additional forces to Eastern sector .
A Blog evaluation ( in www.junshi315.cn, dated 11 December 2009 ) says that India ’s sending more 60000 troops is a unilateral step and th is also a part of Western strategies to contain China .
Another Blog ( in www.warchina.com/n8183c21.aspx dated 1 December 2009 ) highlights the holding of military exercises in the Chengdu Military Region recently , to counter the threat coming from India .
Elaborating this point , a report ( in www.ymglover.com/viewthread.php?action dated 6 December 2009 ) reveals that China ’s border defence troops have now entered the strategically important plains the southwest of Rikaze and East of Yadong covering the trijunction of China , Bhutan and Sikkim , adding that Bhutan , conscious of China ’s influence , has been quiet on the presence of Chinese troops in its disputed area .
Bhutan has also supported China ’s position in the Sino - Indian border talks , it further claims .
As per another Blog disclosure ( www.junshi315.cn dated 11 December 2009 ) , with additional toops in position , China ’s border with India now stands sealed .
The Chinese army is fully prepared as India , taking the reported military training to ULFA in China as a pretext , may plan to attack China , according to another blog ( in huanqiu.com /?
uid-158463-action-viewspace-itemid-390632 )
On upgrading of logistics position , a blog ( www.junshi315.cn dated 11 December 2009 ) quotes foreign reports to say that that the new airport at A Li with 4500 - meter long runway is capable of lifting fighter aircraft and bombers .
In the same connection a report ( http://topics.huanqiu.com/thread-283700-1-1.html dated 19 October 2009 ) focuses on the proposed extension of Qinghai - Tibet railway to Nepal border and a railway project under planning to link China and Pakistan in parallel to the existing China - Pakistan Friendship Highway .
“ Ladakh - Another Southern Tibet ”
As third theme of the websites , India ’s Ladakh region is being described as part of China ’s Tibet , along with the assertion that the Chinese government has never recognized New Delhi ’s official position that Ladakh is part of India .
Taking this stand , a blog under the title “ Ladakh - another Southern Tibet ” ( bbs.huanqiu.com/thread-283700 dated 13 December 2009 ) says that the Volume 8 of the “ Historical Atlas of China ” , published in Beijing showing China ’s territories as existed in 1820 , included Ladakh as part of China ’s Tibet .
“ Whether it is McMahon line in the East or Johnson line in the West , both have no legal basis and received no recognition from the Chinese government and people ” , it asserts .
“ Drive India out of Sikkim ”
While one blog ( bbs.huanqiu.com/thread-283700-1-1.html , 13 December 2009 ) says that acceptance of Sikkim as part of India with Nathula as trading point , has been the greatest Chinese concession to India made during border talks , another comment ( www.ymglover.com/viewthread.php?action dated 6 December 2009 ) under the caption “ China should drive India out of Sikkim ” , finds motives behind India ’s deployment of its 27th Mountain Division to Sikkim belt , after shifting it from its original base in Kashmir .
It attributes the shift to the strategic pressure from China felt by India .
It concludes by saying that a clash of Indian and Chinese strengths to capture Sikkim has already started .
India - Nepal Ties
India - Nepal relation is also a notable topic figuring in the Chinese language websites .
Noting India ’s high - level treatment to the visiting Nepalese Army Chief in December 2009 and its proposal to supply T - 72 tanks to Nepal , a report in the authoritative website ( mil.huanqiu.com/Observation/2009-12/664409.html ) compares the military assistance to Nepal by China and India and finds China ’s help to Nepal ’s military training programme as superior .
It quotes a Chinese military expert to say that the balanced position being maintained by Kathmandu at the current time of Sino - Indian tensions marks a victory for Beijing ’s military strategy in the neighborhood .
Also , according to an opinion ( mil.huanqiu.com/Observation/2009-12/656241.html ) , the airport in Nepal ’s Surket , to be built by New Delhi under an agreement with Kathmandu , will be a ‘ springboard ’ to India for attacking China .
Conclusion
Despite tensions , both Beijing and New Delhi have managed to keep relations at government levels at an even keel and there is constant official exchange of views between the two sides .
Even setting up of a hotline between the two prime ministers is under discussion .
This being so , there may be some justification if a question is asked as to why pay attention to unofficial blogs now .
The aim of this paper , which has done so , is not to create panic and cause misgivings in respect of Sino - Indian ties .
But at the same time , it may not be wrong to say that analysts in India have a responsibility to take notice and analyze implications , of the tall claims being made in the Chinese blogs like the ‘ consensus ’ at top leadership levels in the PRC to teach a lesson to India and recover Arunachal in the 2010 - 2011 period .
Also , the assertion that Ladakh is part of ‘ Southern Tibet ’ and that the PRC has never recognized that territory as part of India , definitely raises more suspicions in India on China ’s intentions .
( The writer , Mr. D.S.Rajan , is the Director , Chennai Centre for China Studies , Chennai` , India . Email:dsrajan@gmail.com )
BORACAY , Philippines – White Beach , a 2.8 mile stretch of paradise an hour south of Manila by plane , has long been one of Asia ’s worst kept secrets .
Conde Nast Traveler has called it one the best beaches in the world and The New York Times listed the island on which it lies one of the 44 places to see in 2009 .
In an unfortunate bit of foreshadowing , the paper anointed Boracay “ the new Phuket . ”
But at one of Asia ’s most beautiful beach destinations , things are getting ugly .
Years of frenzied tourism growth has transformed Boracay from an island getaway of family - run hotels and cozy beach bars to a place where luxury resorts are as ubiquitous as bikinis .
White Beach is now home to a Starbucks , Yellow Cab Pizza and several nightclubs with thumping techno and strobe lights that crisscross the starry sky .
That in itself does n’t spell doom , but the largely unchecked development has put Boracay ’s spectacular natural environment in jeopardy .
Inadequate waste treatment has in recent years contaminated crowded waters with sewage , which has contributed to outbreaks of ear infections , skin infections , stomach ailments and more .
The sewage , combined with illegal fishing , has decimated reef life .
The owner of a local snorkeling outfit , who requested anonymity for fear of reprisals , says 90 percent of Boracay ’s reefs have died in the last decade .
“ In a few years , simple , it will all be gone , ” he says .
Environmental woes tell only half the story .
The scramble for some of the country ’s most valuable real estate has resulted in sporadic turf wars .
In one case last year , a family - owned warren of shops and restaurants was burnt to the ground ; police found Molotov cocktails and other “ unknown flammable substances ” in the ruin .
As if exemplifying Boracay ’s troubles , White Beach itself , by far the island ’s biggest draw , has seen better days .
High tide is higher than it used to be , the beach is blanketed with dead coral , and even its name has become a slight misnomer .
“ They do n’t call it White Beach anymore , ” says Dennis Smith , a New Zealander who operates Isla Gecko Resort with his Filipino wife .
“ The locals call it Gray Beach .
It ’s a piece of shit .
It ’s all pollution .
An ecological disaster . ”
Every year , about 500,000 people visit Boracay , generating over $ 275 million in tourist receipts , a big number in a country where roughly 30 percent of people live below the poverty line .
One - fifth of the Philippines ’ tourist traffic passes through the island .
Kitesurfers , sailboats , banana boats and scuba diving groups jostle for space in Boracay ’s turquoise waters .
Despite a nearly year - long moratorium on building , dozens of construction projects break the calm of the palm lined beach .
Boracay is home to an 18 - hole golf course and condominium complex that takes up about 10 percent of the island , and a 219 - room , 61,000 square foot Shangri-la hotel and spa was recently opened in a private bay on the north side .
Many of the new developments have ignored environmental ordinances and building laws , according to an assessment by the Department of Environment and Natural Resources , resulting in flooding and beach erosion .
“ The biggest concern for people living here and who care about the island is not that it ’s getting busier .
It ’s that they seem to be building on every possible square inch , ” says Glen Parsons , a Briton who runs Ocean Republic , a kitesurfing shop at Bulabog Bay on the island ’s east side .
“ This hill , ” he says , pointing to a cliffside covered in white villas , “ only had one hotel when I moved here six years ago .
Now they ’re hanging off the cliffs . ”
In a bid to slow development and the resulting property disputes , President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo ’s government in 2006 reserved 40 percent of the island as agricultural and forest land .
Last year the Supreme Court upheld the edict and dismissed private claims to secure legal title over property featuring luxury developments .
( Currently , only 10 percent of property owners have land title , with the rest essentially leasing space by paying real estate taxes . )
The move caused a panic among many resort owners , who feared the notoriously corrupt government was trying to lay claim to already developed land .
Many also worry that once an ongoing land title assessment is completed , they will be forced to bid for land where they ’ve made multi-million dollar investments .
The government has assured resort owners that none of their properties will be seized .
Virgie Sarabia , executive director of the Boracay Foundation , a group of resort stakeholders that liaises with the government , is confident the government will stick to its word .
“ Nobody ’s being kicked off their land , ” she said .
Meanwhile , authorities are working on cleaning up Boracay ’s waters .
The waste treatment system has been improved , Sarabia said , and this year the water off Bulabog beach , where the bulk of the sewage is pumped , is n’t as foul as recent years .
“ Google takes first and then deals with the fallout later , " she said .
" “ In my mind , there is a very obvious connection to my father ’s novel .
People do n’t get it .
It ’s the principle of it .
It would be nice to have a dialogue .
We are open to it .
That ’s a way to start . ”
Oracle ’s plans for acquiring Sun have been on hold since April 2009 .
Although the US Department of Justice approved the deal , the European Commission formally objected .
This week , MySQL creator Michael Widenius also put out an urgent call to save MySQL from Oracle ’s clutches .
His reasons :
Rather than working with the EU , Oracle contacted hundreds of customers and asked them to write a letter of ‘ unconditional acceptance ’ to the EC .
A strong MySQL has few benefits , whereas a weaker MySQL could be worth more than one billion dollars to Oracle .
Oracle had not made any promises to keep all of MySQL under an open source license , retain current support pricing structures , regularly release new editions , work with the community , or add features that could make it more competitive with enterprise databases .
Oracle ’s begrudgingly updated the InnoDB engine and Sun eventually forked the project .
In response , the company has finally issued a press release outlining their intentions for MySQL .
Oracle ’s 5 - year public commitments include :
To maintain and enhance MySQL ’s Pluggable Storage Engine Architecture and documentation .
Change
Sun ’s current policy so third party storage engine vendors will not need to release code under the GPL .
Offer commercial license holders an extension of their agreement with Sun under the same terms and conditions until 2014 .
Continue to enhance MySQL and create subsequent versions under the GPL .
The Enterprise and Community editions will receive the same enhancements .
Oracle support services will not become mandatory .
MySQL research and development funding will be increased .
Within 6 months , Oracle will create and fund a customer advisory board which includes end users and customers .
It will provide guidance and feedback on MySQL priorities and other important issues .
Within 6 months , Oracle will create and fund a Storage Engine Vendor advisory board to provide guidance and feedback on MySQL priorities .
Oracle will continue to maintain , update , and provide a freely - available MySQL Reference Manual .
Customers paying for support will be able to renew their subscriptions on an annual or multi- year basis .
Florian Mueller , an adviser to Michael Widenius , called Oracle ’s statement “ cosmetic ” .
However , EU Competition Commissioner Neelie Kroes stated she is “ optimistic that the case will have a satisfactory outcome ” and Oracle ’s commitments were “ an important new element to be taken into account in the ongoing proceedings ” .
It ’s possible the EU will want further guarantees , but the Oracle - Sun deal appears to have a greater chance of succeeding .
It could occur before the year end .
Are you reassured by Oracle ’s statements ?
Do you share Michael Widenius ’ concerns ?
I 'm guessing you 're not woman .
Us females think this is really stupid .
Transfusions are made up of 0 Negative blood .
Period blood is not blood ; it is womb shed .
This website and others have come under criticism for discussing how Israel ’s supporters are using the disaster in Haiti for propaganda purposes .
Both the websites Hybrid States and War in Context have already rebutted this criticism head on , and it seems that the article below provides amazing confirmation of this disturbing trend in Israeli hasbara .
The following article appeared in Maariv , Israel ’s second most popular newspaper , and was written by Tamir Haas who identifies himself as a " publicist " and " media consultant . "
It was translated into English by Shmuel Sermoneta - Gertel .
The Painful Truth : The Haiti Disaster is Good for the Jews
As sorry as we are about the horror in Haiti , the current positive attitude to Israel – thanks to the IDF delegation – shows that the country must engage in proactive as well as reactive hasbara .
Tamir Haas 21/1/2010 , Maariv-NRG
At a time when our country is under media attack on the basis of harsh and anti-Semitic reports , and we are forced to contend with terrorists who have assumed the winning image of victims of war , one could say that the Haiti disaster is the best thing that could have happened to us .
So why are blood , destruction , poverty , hunger and orphans good for the Jewish State ?
First of all because global attention has been drawn elsewhere and the international media have a more interesting story to cover .
Second , because every disaster - area needs a hero , and right now we are it .
I must admit that I would not be surprised if the image aspect of setting up a hospital in Haiti , as well as the IDF rescue efforts , was given greater weight than humanitarian considerations .
If I am right , then finally , someone in the Knesset has done the right thing , deciding to take advantage of the opportunity to prove to the world how kindhearted and capable we are .
And if the Foreign Ministry manages to make further use of the Israeli success stories in Haiti and market them to the world , all the better .
We can only hope that none of our talented politicians is caught in front of a camera saying “ We showed the world .
We were really awesome in Haiti , ” or something like that – a distinct possibility considering the recent mess with the Turks .
Better to be modest .
Those in Charge Do n’t see Hasbara as Warfare
The tough question raised by our success in Haiti is why we do well in the media only when we have the opportunity to star in another country ’s disaster , and not on a regular basis ?
After all , you ca n’t have a natural disaster every day .
The answer to the question is a lack of concerted effort to garner sympathy from the countries of the world , alongside behaviour that actually creates antagonism , such as humiliating ambassadors on camera .
Before criticizing current hasbara practice however , we must realize that our biggest problem lies in the way we approach the entire issue of image .
First of all , our elected representatives see themselves as politicians rather than statesmen , and so prefer to focus on their own personal interests , rather than on those of the country .
Every Israeli citizen is knows this , to the point that we ca n’t stand our own leaders , so why does it come as surprise that the rest of the world is n’t too crazy about us either ?
Second , those in charge of the country ’s PR do n’t see hasbara as warfare , just like any military operation , intended to safeguard and promote our national and security interests .
If hasbara were to receive the attention it deserves , with the kind of funding that security gets , our media performance would be better , Foreign Ministry officials would be more professional , foreign ministers would not act like rookies , and most importantly , we would have long - term plans and strategies .
Proof of Amateurishness and Lack of Professionalism
You want proof of the amateurishness and lack of professionalism I ’m talking about ?
Here : “ Hasbara is the responsibility of the IDF , not the Foreign Ministry ” .
This is what Danny Ayalon told participants at a recent conference of the Israel Public Relations Association .
Does this mean that there is no hasbara coordination between the IDF and the Foreign Ministry ?
Is this how Ayalon washes his hands of Israel ’s image problem ?
If so , is it any wonder that he behaves so recklessly , setting the Turkish Prime Minister up for a slam dunk ?
After all , he seems to think that the consequences , in terms of Israel ’s image , are not his responsibility .
In the above statement , Ayalon does n’t even bother to hand some of the responsibility to Information Minister Yuli Edelstein .
If the Foreign Ministry does n’t give a damn about the Information Ministry , why should anyone else ?
We have to stop concentrating all of our efforts on reaction and start taking the initiative .
There are a lot of things we can do to facilitate hasbara : subsidizing tourism from countries in which Israel suffers from a relatively poor image , or a hasbara unit that would focus on marketing the stories of victims of terrorism ( like they do in Gaza ) , or hasbara designed specifically to appeal to countries with strategic importance , etc .
But before we do anything , we must first understand that hasbara is war and should be treated like any other aspect of homeland security .
After that , we can move forward .
Note that Richard Silverstein is on this story too .
Two days after the magnitude 7.0 earthquake struck beneath Port - au - Prince , Haiti , some of the massive damage is becoming more apparent .
Rescue teams are arriving , aid groups are trying their best to battle huge logistical challenges , bodies are being identified , and some medical care is being given .
Rescue teams from all over the world have joined the recovery effort , as the United States pledged $ 100 million in relief efforts .
The Red Cross ventured an estimate of up to 50,000 deaths , as bodies at the local morgues overflowed into the streets .
Collected here are some more scenes from this devastated region - see yesterday 's entry as well .
( 34 photos total
No medical marijuana dispensaries will be allowed in Los Altos , under two new ordinances approved this week by the city council .
In a report , City Attorney Jolie Houston encouraged council members to pass an ordinance because other cities have seen pot clubs spring up since federal authorities began backing off from prosecuting medical marijuana cooperatives .
Following almost no discussion , council members on Tuesday voted 4 - 0 , with Mayor Pro Tem Ron Packard absent , to approve an “ urgency ” ordinance effective immediately as well as a “ regular ” ordinance that will take effect in February .
The cultivation of medical marijuana is allowed under state law , according to Houston ’s report , but is illegal under federal law .
Earlier this year , though , the U.S. Office of the Attorney General and U.S. Department of Justice both announced they wo n’t target medical marijuana dispensaries that are operating within state law .
Since those announcements , Houston wrote , there has been an increased interest “ in the establishment of medical marijuana dispensaries , including ones within the city and surrounding cities . ”
The report did not mention any proposals for dispensaries in Los Altos , and Houston could not be reached for comment Wednesday .
In her report , she included news articles about medical marijuana moratoriums passed in cities such as Saratoga and Los Gatos .
“ As a result of the presence of medical marijuana dispensaries , some cities have reported increased ( sic ) in illegal drug activity , illegal drug sales , robberies of persons leaving the dispensaries , loitering around dispensaries , falsely obtained identification cards , and other criminal activity , ” Houston wrote .
In other council business , city officials on Tuesday presented ideas for saving Tiny Tots , a financially troubled city preschool program for 3 - and 4 - year - olds that operates in the historic San Antonio Club building .
The program only recovered 53 percent of its cost in 2008 - 09 .
In June , city council members said they would shut it down after this school year unless advocates submit a financially viable plan by December .
As the only program that uses the San Antonio Club , Tiny Tots has to pay maintenance for the entire aging building , Parks , Arts and Recreation Commission Chairman Larry Baron said at the council meeting .
Including depreciation , the building cost the program about $ 55,000 in 2008 - 09 .
A city staff report suggests either significantly raising tuition fees , averaging the cost of building maintenance across all city recreation facilities , or adding another program in the afternoon to share costs .
Council members sent the proposal back to city staff and said they want to hear a financially viable plan , including the possibility of moving the program to another facility , in January .
E-mail Diana Samuels at dsamuels@dailynewsgroup.com .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Employers unexpectedly cut 20,000 in January , but the unemployment rate surprisingly fell to a five - month low of 9.7 percent , suggesting some labor market improvement starting to take root .
KEY POINTS : * The Labor Department said the economy shed 150,000 jobs in December , compared to 85,000 previously reported , but November was revised to a gain of 64,000 , up from 4,000 .
Annual benchmark revisions to payrolls data showed the economy has purged 8.4 million jobs since the start of the recession in December 2007 .
* Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast payrolls gaining 5,000 and the unemployment rate to edge up to 10.1 percent .
Median estimates from the top 20 forecasters expected payrolls to be unchanged last month . *
A sharp increase in the number of people giving up looking for work helped to depress the jobless rate .
The number of ‘ discouraged job seekers ’ rose to 1.1 million in January from 734,000 a year ago .
COMMENTS :
DOUG ROBERTS , CHIEF INVESTMENT STRATEGIST , CHANNEL CAPITAL
RESEARCH.COM , SHREWSBURY , NEW JERSEY :
“ It indicates a certain form of stabilization but there ’s not a bounce that everybody was looking for .
Going into this with the ADP data , the Challenger data , and the initial claims data people were kind of negative .
“ What is throwing people off is probably the 9.7 percent unemployment rate -- the drop in the unemployment rate -- , which is positive but is not coming from new jobs created its coming from people dropping out of the work force .
“ It ’s a series of conflicting data ...
The positive take is basically it was n’t a total disaster , but the flip side of it is you ’re not seeing a recovery . ”
CARY LEAHEY , ECONOMIST , DECISION ECONOMICS , NEW YORK :
“ The excitement is the unexpected drop in the unemployment rate .
Both hiring and the number of people looking for work rose .
That increases the sense that the unemployment rate peaked a couple of months ago .
You wo n’t see much improvement in the unemployment rate for the rest of the year because more people will start looking for jobs , but it appears the unemployment rate is on , at worst , a flat path .
“ Payrolls lost 20,000 jobs , pretty much as expected .
Revisions to the prior two months offset each other .
November job growth was much better but December was much worse .
“ Manufacturing jobs finally grew , but that was masked by another big drop in construction jobs -- which probably was related to the weather .
“ On the services side , a decrease of 48,000 jobs was led by retail trade which might be a problem of seasonal adjustments after Christmas .
“ The market will probably conclude that the payrolls number should have been positive .
“ Another large gain in temporary help was positive because that eventually will lead to more gains in permanent hiring .
“ The workweek increased and average hourly earnings appear to be stabilizing with a gain of 0.2 percent .
“ That said , when the market looks at what happens to weekly jobless claims , it still will argue that the February payrolls number will not be any better than January .
You ca n’t say there is a lot of forward momentum , at least on the payrolls side of the ledger .
“ The drop in the unemployment rate does have implications for the Fed .
If the Fed sees the unemployment rate stabilizing , it ’s obviously closer to lifting short - term interest rates than it would be otherwise .
Everyone knows the Fed will be extraordinarily unwilling to hike rates until the unemployment rate starts to move lower .
“ I would not characterize this report as in any way strong .
On a scale of one to 10 , it ’s still a three or four . ”
JOHN KILDUFF , PARTNER , ROUND EARTH CAPITAL IN NEW YORK
“ The jobless data is neutral at best for energy prices .
There continues to be job losses , and that will continue to translate into anemic gasoline demand . ”
TOM SOWANICK , CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER , THE OMNIVEST GROUP ,
PRINCETON , NEW JERSEY :
“ The drop in the unemployment rate should be viewed in the context not that it is not a shocker but that this is the second monthly decline .
The trend may now be established and that ’s probably why the bond market was not reacting at first and now under pressure .
Was January stronger than anticipated ?
The answer is yes because December was much weaker .
Looking at the revision 85,000 to 150,000 last month and today it is 20,000 ... is that bigger than expected improvement ?
Absolutely .
Average hourly earnings were both up month over month .
In the detail , things are probably better . ”
KURT KARL , HEAD OF ECONOMIC RESEARCH , SWISS RE , NEW YORK :
“ It is an interesting set of numbers .
Disappointment with the downturn in non-farm payrolls , but interesting that the unemployment rate ticked down quite substantially .
It could mean some good news is coming soon .
That is why the unemployment rate went down -- you had a very small increase in the labor force and a huge jump in household employment . ”
JAY MUELLER , PORTFOLIO MANAGER , WELLS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT ,
MENOMONEE FALLS , WISCONSIN :
“ Last week ’s gross domestic product number was largely a reflection of inventory , but actual demand is clearly not strong enough to get businesses to start hiring .
“ We ’re probably still at least six to 12 months away before we start to see a strong hiring trend .
At the same time today ’s numbers were n’t far enough away from expectations to be a major ( Treasury ) market mover . ”
AMELIA BOURDEAU , SENIOR CURRENCY STRATEGIST , UBS , STAMFORD ,
CONNECTICUT :
“ Overall , we showed a relative improvement in payrolls today .
Although we did n’t return to positive payrolls growth , we are still within expectations .
The dollar had been bid before payrolls and now it has been weakening a little bit because I believe the benchmark revisions were a little more than expected .
That might be a temporary reaction to revisions .
Going forward , I think sovereign risk will continue to dominate and weigh on the euro versus the dollar since this payrolls number was within expectations . ”
Los Angeles authorities have officially changed the death certificate belonging to late King of Pop , Michael Jackson to reflect an exact cause of death .
Updated due to the completion of a lengthy investigation , Jackson ’s cause of death has now been labeled a murder due to ‘ acute Propofol intoxication ’ via an ‘ intravenous injection from another ’ .
Jackson ’s original death certificate was filed July 7 .
While the official cause of death has been revealed , embattled Dr. Conrad Murray remains a free man .
Sources say the Jackson family , specifically Joe Jackson , still believe more than one person is responsible for the entertainer ’s death .
“ Joe wo n’t give up on getting justice for his son and a lawsuit is his focus , ” a source told Daily Mail .
As previously reported , sources close to the investigation told TMZ they believe Murray will be charged with involuntary manslaughter .
Gazillionaire
Become an entrepreneur , start a tiny trading company , and build a business empire !
Gazillionaire is the award - winning strategy simulation game where you buy low and sell high .
You get to run your own business , cut deals , corner the market , and outwit your competitors .
Do you have what it takes to be a true tycoon ?
Reviews
“ Gazillionaire is like playing Monopoly with characters from Star Wars , but it ’s much more addictive than the Monopoly board game . ”
– Shareware Junkies
As Addictive As SimCity “ Gazillionaire gets to be as addictive as the ever - popular SimCity , but it ’s easier to pick up , thanks to a top - notch , on - screen tutorial that lets you learn at your own pace . ”
– HomePC Magazine
92 % “ Gazillionaire is one of the games I ’ll point to when game designers ask me what I want for my money . ”
– Ted Chapman , Computer Game Review
“ Gazillionaire is wacky , smart and very addictive , so grab a copy now and we ’ll see you at the top . ” – Hot Games
A + “ Are you up to the challenge ?
Be careful !
Like capitalism , this game can be addictive . ” – Education World
91 % “ This is a good example of a simple , straightforward design that was not ruined by marketing people . ”
– Tasos Kaiafas , Computer Game Review
“ Gazillionaire is an oddball financial sim that ’s economically sound ( working off time - tested principles of supply and demand ) . ” – PC Games
84 % “ It ’s addictive ; you just ca n’t stop yourself from visiting just one more planet . ” – PC Gamer
“ A wild , intergalactic game of business strategy . ” – Games for PC
Best Online Tutorial “ Gazillionaire has the best online tutorial I have ever seen on a game . ” – Computer Currents
Extremely Addictive “ I ’m a sucker for a game like Gazillionaire .
Gazillionaire is an extremely addictive game . ” – Computer Games Magazine
“ Gazillionaire is a terrific find ! ” – Surfing the Net with Kids
“ Gazillionaire will bring out the wily entrepreneur in anyone . ” – GamePower
Addictive and Educational “ This game may not have a lot of flash–kids will stare at pricing charts a lot of the time–but it ’s one of the most addictive and educational business simulations around . ”
– FamilyPC Magazine
“ Addictive game - play ; engagingly funky graphics ; lots of online help . ” – CD - ROM Today
“ Take a very random economic market replete with bizarre alien commodities subject to a wicked supply / demand curve , and mix in an element of Monopoly , minimal exploration , weird random occurrences ( just to keep you off - balance ) and cutthroat competition .
That ’s the winning formula for Gazillionaire … ” – Computer Gaming World
Great Game “ Great game .
I like the sense of humor ! ” – Steven Spielberg
“ You have to keep your edge sharp with this game .
It ’s a great game for the adventurous type . ” – TuCows
This is sooo cool !
“ If this game was a record ( remember those vinyl things –like CD ’s only bigger ) my daughter would have worn it out by now . ” – Kids Like Ours
“ This is a very strong educational experience . ” – Children ’s Software Revue
Addicting “ This game can be addicting , as it is simple and fun while the player must maintain a level of guesswork and skill to be successful .
So why let those squid - faced , lizard - headed competitors beat you to a cool profit in Kubars ?
The question is , have you got what it takes to be a GAZILLIONAIRE ? ” – Happy Puppy
“ If you ’ve dreamed of becoming an extra - terrestrial Trump , Gazillionaire is the answer to your greedy little prayers . ” – Yahoo !
Computer Life Magazine
92 % “ Let ’s be frank : I love this game .
If you ’re looking for a smooth , friendly , quirky game to play with friends and family , this is it . ” – Kevin Perry , Computer Game Review
Awards
“ Golden Triad Award for Excellence in Game Design . ” – Computer Game Review
“ Best Strategy Shareware Game of the Year . ” – PC Computing Magazine
“ Finalist in Shareware of the Year Awards ! ” – Computer Gaming World
Video
Getting into the holiday spirit , the House of Representatives on Thursday approved a spending bill loaded with goodies for the folks back home .
Trails for Monterey Bay .
An arts pavilion for Mississippi .
Bus shelters for Bellflower .
In all , the bill contains 5,224 earmarks costing about $ 3.9 billion , according to Taxpayers for Common Sense , a watchdog group .
Though Democrats say they have cracked down on pork - barrel spending , critics attacked the bill as excessive .
Advertisement
“ Clearly , the earmark culture has not been swept away , ” Brian M. Riedl , a budget analyst at the conservative Heritage Foundation , blogged Thursday .
The $ 447 - billion bill , which passed the Democratic - controlled House with no Republican votes and moved to the Senate , combines six spending bills for the fiscal year that began Oct.
1 .
The measure brings total earmarks in this year ’s spending bills to 7,577 at a cost of about $ 6 billion , according to Taxpayers for Common Sense .
The Pentagon spending bill , the last of the annual appropriations bills , is expected to contain more earmarks than the omnibus bill , said Steve Ellis of the taxpayer group .
The bill provides $ 330 million to state and local governments for jailing illegal immigrants convicted of crimes -- $ 70 million less than last year .
A spokesman for state government said that California would take a hit , receiving $ 18 million less than was budgeted for its prison costs .
Advertisement
However , California , which is pushing for a high - speed rail line , could receive a chunk of the $ 2.5 billion included in the bill for such projects .
The measure includes $ 50 million nationwide for a high - tech braking system , which became a priority for California lawmakers after the commuter train - freight train collision in Chatsworth last year that killed 25 people and injured 135 .
The practice of designating federal dollars for pet projects , often sought by campaign contributors and lobbyists , has come under scrutiny because of scandals , including one that landed former Rep. Randy “ Duke ” Cunningham ( R - Rancho Santa Fe ) in prison .
But lawmakers see bringing home the bacon as a way to show constituents that they are getting something for their taxes .
Advertisement
Earmark sponsors also defended the projects as important to the nation ’s economic recovery .
For example , Rep. Sam Farr ( D - Carmel ) , who secured $ 800,000 for the Monterey Bay Sanctuary Scenic Trail , said that the project would help generate tourism dollars .
Other California projects in the bill , some of which also received funds last year , include $ 13.5 million for a bus lane on Wilshire Boulevard in Los Angeles and $ 500,000 toward building a trench to speed trains traveling through the San Gabriel Valley and reduce the risk of collisions with cars and pedestrians .
Rep. Jeff Flake ( R - Ariz . ) , a leading critic of pork - barrel spending , singled out for criticism $ 200,000 provided for the Aquatic Adventures Science Education Foundation in San Diego .
Rep. Susan A. Davis ( D - San Diego ) said that the money would go to a program that will “ inspire children to pursue education in the sciences while encouraging students from disadvantaged backgrounds to go to college . ”
The bill also includes $ 600,000 for an Echo Park streetscape project ; $ 180,000 for “ training the next generation of weather forecasters ” at San Jose State University ; and $ 250,000 for textile research at UC Davis .
Advertisement
Republicans , who believe that the explosion of earmarks while they controlled Congress contributed to their losing the majority in 2006 , assailed the spending measure as excessive , even though it includes money they sought for projects in their districts .
“ When are we going to say , ‘ Enough is enough ? ’ ” asked House Minority Leader John A. Boehner ( R - Ohio ) , who does not seek earmarks .
“ I do n’t know how worthy any of these projects are , but I do have to ask a question :
Are they more important than our kids and grandkids who are going to have to pay the debt ? ”
Democrats defended the spending as necessary to fund programs that they say were neglected under the George W. Bush administration , and they noted that the earmarks were down from when Republicans controlled Congress .
richard.simon@latimes.com
More “ missed clues ” in the Northwest Flight 253 bomb plot
By Barry Grey
19 January 2010
The New York Times on Monday published an extensive article based on its own investigation into the abortive plot to blow up Northwest Flight 253 as it made its approach to Detroit on Christmas Day .
The article reveals new information , beyond that released by President Obama January 7 in the unclassified version of a government review of the security “ failure ” that allowed Nigerian student Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab to board the flight in Amsterdam with explosives sewn into his underwear .
Among the revelations in the article , headlined “ Review of Jet Bomb Plot Shows More Missed Clues , ” is the fact that US intelligence authorities say they learned in early November from a communications intercept of Al Qaeda followers in Yemen that a man named “ Umar Farouk ” had volunteered for a coming operation .
This staggering fact alone is sufficient to explode the official version of the plot — which the Times itself continues to promote in the article on its investigation — that the failure to take any measures to prevent Abdulmutallab from boarding the plane was the result of mistakes , inadvertent omissions and an inability to “ connect the dots . ”
The dots metaphor suggests a failure to relate obscure bits of information that , taken singly or not properly meshed , would not provoke an immediate response .
What we are dealing with here , however , are neon warning signs that could hardly have been inadvertently missed .
The claim , universally accepted by the media , that mere incompetence , rather than deliberate decisions taken by elements within the intelligence / national security apparatus , accounts for the near destruction of a commercial jet and its nearly 300 passengers and crew , already strained credulity when it was revealed within hours of the abortive plot that the accused bomber ’s father had informed CIA and US State Department officials in Nigeria more than a month earlier that his son had likely joined up with Islamist extremists in Yemen and constituted a security threat .
This revelation was followed by many others , showing that the US had a wealth of information both on Abdulmutallab and on terrorist threats emanating from Yemen , targeting the US , and timed for the Christmas holiday period .
Such information rendered entirely non-credible the hackneyed metaphor about “ connecting the dots ” — carried over from the official whitewash of the role of US intelligence and police agencies in the 9/11 attacks .
The new information contained in the Times article further undermines the official story and makes clear that the American people are being lied to .
Among the new pieces of information contained in the article are the following :
• “ Worried about possible terrorist attacks over the Christmas holiday , ” Obama met December 22 with top officials of the CIA , FBI and Department of Homeland Security to review potential threats .
• In a separate White House meeting the same day , Obama ’s homeland security adviser , John Brennan , held talks on Yemen , “ where a stream of disturbing intelligence had suggested that Qaeda operatives were preparing for some action , perhaps a strike on an American target on Christmas Day . ”
• In September , a United Nations expert on Al Qaeda warned Washington that “ the type of explosive device used by a Yemeni militant in an assassination attempt in Saudi Arabia could be carried aboard an airliner . ”
• In late December , more intercepts of Al Qaeda operatives in Yemen mentioned the date of December 25 , and suggested that they were “ looking for ways to get somebody out ” or “ move people to the West . ”
The article further states that from the beginning of the Obama administration , US officials had focused on Yemen , and that after the failed attack by a Yemeni on the Saudi counterterrorism chief last August , Washington stepped up its electronic eavesdropping and “ other spying ” in Yemen .
Moreover , the government ordered a review of any contacts between possible extremists and Anwar al - Awlaki , a radical American - born cleric living in Yemen , after it was discovered that Major Nidal Malik Hasan , who killed 12 soldiers at Ford Hood in Texas in early November , had been in contact with al - Awlaki .
The intercept from November that spoke of “ Umar Farouk ” said he had “ recently been in contact with Mr. Awlaki about volunteering for terrorist operations . ”
The Times writes that in carrying out its inquiry , it conducted more than two dozen interviews with White House and US intelligence officials and with counterterrorism officials in Europe and Yemen .
It cites as the sources for its revelations unnamed intelligence officials and senior Obama administration officials .
The article gives an indication of the vast apparatus of spying and intelligence gathering that somehow proved unable to “ connect the dots ” and order elementary measures to search and question the would - be bomber before he boarded the plane .
The National Counterterrorism Center , it notes , gathers “ streams of information from more than 80 databases across the government . ”
Two teams of intelligence analysts are deployed there , with nearly 325 analysts working full - time to monitor information and draw up “ watch lists ” on potential terrorists .
“ Inside their electronic files , which contain tips on tens of thousands of cases , ” the Times reports , “ the analysts at the counterterrorism center also had a draft CIA memorandum with biographical information about the man ( Abdulmutallab ) . ”
The article is accompanied by a timeline showing more than a dozen pieces of alarming information on Abdulmutallab that were known to US and international intelligence and police agencies in the months leading up to the Christmas Day attack .
It begins with the fact that the British government in May of 2009 rejected his application to renew his student visa and placed him on a watch list to prevent him from reentering the UK .
Nevertheless , the newspaper attempts to put the most innocent possible face on the case , using words and phrases such as “ lapse , ” “ misjudgment , ” “ never connected the links , ” “ failed to stitch together pieces of information ” and “ inability to pull the data together . ”
Why however , in the face of a mass of evidence pointing in the opposite direction , should anyone assume that the failure to act on the evidence leading to Abdulmutallab involved merely “ mistakes , ” and not something far more sinister ?
As the World Socialist Web Site wrote on December 31 ( See “ The Northwest Flight 253 intelligence failure : Negligence or conspiracy ? ” ) : “ The key to this event may well lie in bitter struggles over policy taking place within the ruling establishment at the state .
Despite all that Obama has done to continue the policies of the Bush administration , both in terms of aggressive war abroad and the buildup of police state powers at home , there are elements who want to go much further . ”
The Times article , in fact , speaks of bitter divisions between different intelligence agencies and between the agencies and the Obama White House .
It cites “ one senior Obama official ” as faulting Dennis Blair , the director of national intelligence , and adds , “ For their part , some senior intelligence officials bristled at what they saw as a White House effort to place blame for the breakdown solely on American spy agencies . ”
Ruling out in advance even the possibility of a deliberate decision by elements within the intelligence apparatus and the state to allow a terrorist incident , as the Times and the rest of the media do , is the prerequisite for a cover - up , not a serious investigation .
It goes hand in hand with the efforts of the Obama administration to whitewash the intelligence agencies , naming no names of individuals who made decisions that allowed a near catastrophe to occur and holding no individuals or government agencies accountable .
There are many unanswered questions that are of vital import to the American people .
Is the Obama administration in control of its own national security apparatus ?
Was the Christmas Day plot a deliberate attempt to destabilize the administration ?
Was it a deliberate attempt to provide a pretext for further US military action in the Middle East and further attacks on democratic rights at home ?
Two things are certain :
The American people are not being told the truth , and no confidence can be placed in any agency of the US government or in the media to provide and honest and serious account of what took place .
The equality watchdog has written to the home secretary to express its concern that airport body scanners risk breaching an individual 's right to privacy .
The Equality and Human Rights Commission is calling on the government to set out its justification for the scanners , which Gordon Brown has said will be gradually introduced at British airports following the attempt to blow up a plane over the US on Christmas Day .
The EHRC says the proposals are likely to have a negative impact on privacy , especially for disabled people , elderly people , children and transgender people .
The commission has written to the home secretary , Alan Johnson , to clarify what safeguards will be put in place to protect passengers .
It also wants to see the evidence for the profiling of travellers in the context of selecting people to be scanned .
Equal rights campaigners have aired concerns that the process will lead to discrimination against people on the grounds of race , ethnicity of religion .
John Wadham , group director legal at the EHRC , said : " The commission fully accepts the government 's responsibility to protect the safety and security of air travellers .
The right to life is the ultimate human right and we support the government reviewing security in the light of recent alleged terrorist activity .
" However , the government needs to ensure that measures to protect this right also take into account the need to be proportionate in its counter - terrorism proposals and ensure that they are justified by evidence and effectiveness . "
The theory behind the Crunchyroll iPhone application is solid .
The entire library of the streaming service available on your mobile device .
What is there to dislike ?
Well , there is a whole lot to dislike in this attempt at a mobile solution for the popular anime network .
The application itself looks and feels fantastic .
The content is easy to navigate and search .
All the content is grouped by show and all the episodes , in descending order , are displayed .
I was able to get to Skip Beat !
with only a few taps and clicked play .
That ’s when I encountered the first error , “ You must be on wifi in order to stream content . ”
Well , that does n’t make any sense .
What is the point in having a mobile application if you need to be on Wifi ?
The reason I want to watch content on my phone is because I do not have my laptop or desktop around .
If I have Wifi then chances are I probably have my laptop close by and would rather watch anime on the 13 inch screen instead of the iPhone ’s 3 inch screen .
But I let that slide .
Not everyone carries their laptop everywhere and I can see someone wanting to watch an episode of something while waiting for class to start or in a doctors office .
So I exited the application , turned on wifi , and returned only to be brought back to the login page .
Unlike most decent applications Crunchyroll does n’t save where you were when you close it .
So I again had to navigate to Skip Beat ! , find the episode , and start it .
Before the video begins Crunchyroll shows a short ten second ad , which is a welcome break from the 30 second ads on their full site , and the video begins .
The episodes starts without subtitles but the toggle is easy to use and there is no added delay once they are applied .
The quality of the content is good and that might be the reason they are unable to deliver the service over the cell network .
At this point everything seemed to be going fine .
I leaned back and started to enjoy the episode when I received a phone call .
I answered it , spoke with the person for a few minutes , and then hung up expecting the Crunchyroll application to pop up and I could continue watching from where I left off .
That did n’t happen .
When the application reloaded it was back at the login screen .
I was , and this goes without saying , frustrated at this point .
I wanted to see if I could save shows that I wanted to watch in my account so I did n’t have to search for Skip Beat !
Everytime I recived a phone call .
So I signed up for a Crunchyroll account and logged in using the App .
The only benefit about signing into your account is that you can now see the image you set for yourself , you age , gender , and the date you joined .
No other new features open up once you sign in .
So I decided to go back and pick up Skip Beat ! from where I left off .
I navigate back to the episode and play it .
I get the same ad again , in fact the only ad they have on their mobile content is for the game Batman : Arkham Asylum which I already own and even if I did n’t would still be annoying .
The episode resumes playing … from the start once again .
One of my major issues with steaming in general is the inability to save your place and resume later .
The Crunchyroll iPhone application is no different .
The Crunchyroll application is a good start but I cannot recommend it because of its inability to play content over the cell network , its inability to resume playing video after receiving a call or leaving the application , and the fact that it does n’t save your place inside the video if you close it Stick to the website if you have to use Crunchyroll .
If you have an iPod touch and find yourself with some time to kill and access to a WiFi network then Crunchyroll will be fantastic for you .
But on the iPhone , where your video can be restarted at anytime by receiving a simple phone call , you are better off just waiting till you get home .
Good :
Easy to Navigate
Short ads
Video is good quality .
Bad :
Video does not save your place when you leave the application
No way to mark favorites inside the Application
Will only work over WiFi , not the cell network
Lack of ad variety quickly gets annoying .
Recommendations :
i Phone users : Pass
i Pod Touch users :
Try it if you have access to WiFi and do n’t have a laptop with you .
Ormai il “ tempo delle chiacchiere ” sta venendo meno : i dati che emergono sul gioco - peraltro rilasciati dalla Guardia di Finanza - rappresentano quello che il gioco legale è arrivato ad essere nell ’ultimo biennio .
Non vi è dubbio che il gioco è divenuto un settore importante ed è arrivato il momento di affrontarlo - una volta per tutte - in modo assolutamente serio e razionale .
E non vi è neppure il dubbio che una buona parte delle situazioni che si sono create sui territorio derivino da una poco attenta valutazione ed attenzione sulle conseguenze che il divulgarsi dell ’ offerta di gioco avrebbe potuto causare .
In pratica il “ gioco è sfuggito di mano ” come non si è potuto mai concretizzare , in pratica , un coordinamento nazionale ed un dettagliato confronto messo sempre a disposizione degli operatori della filiera del gioco .
Il “ tempo delle chiacchiere ” è proprio finito poiché è sempre più significativo che la carenza di gioco in alcune regioni non significa che i cittadini di quei territori non giochino , ma che invece si rivolgono all ’illegalità che continua ad approfittare delle carenze del nostro Stato per insinuarsi pericolosamente sul territorio prendendo sempre più piede e rendendo sempre meno sicuro e tutelato il gioco dei consumatori .
La presa di coscienza di questa “ ingombrante ” presenza va assolutamente indirizzata verso una regolarizzazione , razionalizzazione ed ordinamento del settore con urgenza , sperando che la Delega Fiscale venga approvata a breve poiché sarebbe senz ’ altro un notevole passo avanti che convoglierebbe ad un tavolo di coordinamento tra Stato e Regioni assolutamente urgente e necessario .
