This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
SALT LAKE CITY --
A fast - moving meteor lit up the night skies over most of Utah just after midnight Wednesday .
Moments later , the phones lit up at KSL as people across the state called to tell us what they saw and ask what it was .
Scientists are calling it a " remarkable midnight fireball . "
The source of all the excitement was basically a rock , falling from space .
In addition to KSL , witnesses to the meteor quickly began call 911 .
" I 'm currently driving , but I just saw a giant blue flash in the sky , and it came down into the city , " a caller from Ogden said .
A caller in Bountiful told dispatchers , " It flashed from the west , and it lit up the whole freakin ' neighborhood . "
A Salt Lake City caller said , " Ma'am , I 'm not kidding you .
I am terrified . "
Professor David Kieda is chair of the University of Utah 's astronomy department .
He said the energy of the meteor coming into Earth 's atmosphere was so powerful it has to be measured in Terawatts .
" It 's almost like the consumption of the United States all at once .
It was a fraction of a second , " Kieda said .
When a meteor enters the atmosphere , it gives off a lot of heat and light .
Folks at the Clark Planetarium say this rock was big -- between the size of a microwave and washer - dryer unit .
I mean this thing lit up the sky , literally .
It was like daylight .
– Patrick Wiggins , NASA Solar Ambassador
At exactly 12:07 , people from all over the western United States watched as the bolide meteor crashed into Earth 's atmosphere .
In some areas , the flash of light was so bright it caused light - sensor street lamps to shut off .
Clark Planetarium Director Seth Jarvis said the stony meteorite was probably traveling 80,000 miles an hour when it hit our atmosphere .
He said it happened 100 miles up in the air ; so despite the brightness , Utah was never in any danger .
" These collisions can do damage , but they are extremely rare ; and literally once in a century do you observe something that 's actually doing damage , " he said .
Witness Andy Bailey said , " Oh , it lit up the whole sky , like almost brighter than the day .
It was bright . "
Don White was in Wyoming and told KSL Newsradio for a moment he suspected a nuclear strike .
" With something that brilliant and that fast , it was like , whoa , did we just get hit or something ?
It would have been some bigger noise I guess if a nuclear device had gone off , " he said .
" I 've seen falling stars before , but nothing like that before , " said witness James Albin .
KSL received reports that the light show was picked up as far away as Tucson , Santa Fe , Butte and Frisco Peak near Milford in southwest Utah .
The University of Utah has an observatory at 9,500 feet on Frisco Peak , which captured images of the fireball itself .
All of the sudden the whole entire sky turned blue almost like lightning was striking .
– Jon Olschewski
Everyone who saw it has a once - in - a - lifetime story .
Resident Jon Olschewski said , " I noticed to the left something streaking through the sky .
It was this meteor that was exploding .
It was breaking off into at least five big chunks . "
Many surveillance systems captured the spectacular blast of light .
" When you got this mass coming through the atmosphere , and these things are going fast , it 's like if you could travel that fast on I - 15 , you could get from Salt Lake to St. George in a matter of 5 seconds .
So these things are really going , hits the atmosphere and it makes so much pressure on its leading edge that it just shatters itself , " Jarvis explained .
Roy Merrell also saw the light .
He said , " There was this flash in the room , the room basically just lit up . "
Others recorded a sequence of shadows as fantastic as any Hollywood studio could create .
Patrick Wiggins , NASA Solar System Ambassador to Utah , said , " To realize it was up so high - - people are thinking it 's right close -- but the thing was up so high it was seen between L.A. , Las Vegas and , of course , all over Utah .
I mean , this thing was way up there . "
Scientists believe it was not part of the famous Leonid debris stream ; instead a sporadic asteroid , a midnight fireball , which exploded in the atmosphere with an energy equivalent of up to one kiloton of TNT .
" It was almost , I could say , like celestial , " Olschewski said .
" You know what I mean ?
One of those kind of moments like ' oh my gosh , ' like ' I 'm not ready ' kind of thing . "
In Tooele County , residents reported that they felt that moment when the meteor shattered .
Wiggins said it took about 5 minutes for the sonic boom , but said he 's not surprised people felt it .
" Most meteors , you do n't hear them , but this one was close enough and big enough that , yeah , you definitely heard the thing .
It was exciting , " he said .
In fact , seismology monitors at the University of Utah picked up the rumble from the air .
Wiggins said , from his calculations , the pieces of the meteor likely fell over Dugway .
He said it 's possible meteorites could also be found elsewhere .
He said it can't hurt to look around your yard ; if you happen to find one it could be worth thousands of dollars .
KSL also received video clips of the meteor from Utah residents .
Click on the video links to the right to watch the clips .
------
Story compiled with information from Alex Cabrero , Shara Park , Mary Richards and Randall Jeppesen .
×
Photos
“ Sit down , Johnetta , ” Frances Hill told her 14 - year - old cousin .
Hours earlier , police and a social worker had come knocking in the darkness , with news that stunned the South Los Angeles woman .
Now Hill had to tell the girl :
Her little brother , the 6 - year - old she had fed , bathed and babied as if he were her child , was dead .
The killer was her mother ’s ex-boyfriend , a convicted rapist with a long rap sheet .
Johnetta Harrison burst into tears .
“ What ’s wrong with my momma ? ” Hill , 65 , remembers the child asking that morning in July .
“ She knew how he was and she sent my sister and my brother with him .
What ’s wrong with my momma ? ”
It was a question with no simple answer .
Tylette Davis had given birth to six children by age 23 and parceled them out to friends and relatives , including the ex-boyfriend .
His name is Marcas Fisher , but Davis ’ children said he went by a nickname : the Maniac .
Over the span of a decade , social workers repeatedly looked into allegations that Tylette ’s children were mistreated or neglected , including that Johnetta suffered for years with open sores from an untreated skin disorder , internal records show .
Most of the complaints were not substantiated .
Twice , 6 - year - old Dae ’von Bailey told school officials that Fisher had struck him .
Both times , social workers investigated but left the boy with Fisher .
When he beat Dae ’von to death , Johnetta ’s youngest sister , then 5 , watched from a corner , unable to move or muster a scream .
Fisher pleaded guilty to the boy ’s murder .
For all of the flaws and missed opportunities that Dae ’von ’s case exposes on the government ’s part , it also highlights the formidable problems of families steeped in generations of dysfunctional parenting .
For them , abuse and neglect are a brutal legacy , not easily broken by the occasional intervention of social workers or well - meaning relatives .
“ Abuse can certainly happen in any family , but it can become ingrained as a dynamic when each generation ‘ teaches ’ it to the next , ” said Trish Ploehn , director of Los Angeles County ’s Department of Children and Family Services , who declined to comment specifically on Dae ’von ’s case .
“ Unless there ’s a willingness to examine these dysfunctional behaviors , they are likely to repeat themselves and cause further harm . ”
In Tylette Davis ’ case , her own mistreatment as a girl seemed to have foretold her children’s .
A harsh world
Twenty - four years ago , when Tylette was about 5 , her family lived in a rough Long Beach neighborhood .
Her mother , Linda Dotson - Davis , had just given birth to her seventh child , her fifth with husband Freddie Davis .
As Linda recalls it , the baby had been rejecting milk and was malnourished .
“ I heard a faint cry in the night and I touched my baby and he felt like rubber , ” Linda , 55 , said .
“ I knew something was seriously wrong . ”
The infant , Keyonte , was hospitalized , and before long , social workers , and then police , were knocking at the family ’s door .
Another son , Freddie Jr. , was so tiny at about age 2 that he appeared to be 10 months old , the authorities found .
They also reported a foul odor , a lack of electricity and refrigerators and cabinets infested with roaches and spiders , said a person familiar with the case file who requested anonymity because its contents are confidential .
Linda and Freddie Davis Sr. were charged with “ willful cruelty to children , ” a misdemeanor that was later dismissed .
Child welfare authorities placed all seven children in protective custody for about a month before releasing them to other relatives , the couple said .
Linda said the family was harassed .
One social worker “ came out and talked to me like I had a tail behind me , she said .
“ I went off on that woman .
I took it offensive .
I cursed her out .
I called her an old dilapidated bitch . ”
The Davises were ordered to undergo drug tests and counseling and to take parenting classes , Linda said .
About a year later , the children returned home to new beds in their rooms and fresh clothes in the closet , she said : “ It was a joyous time . ”
Over the years , the family moved around , staying with relatives , bouncing from motel to motel .
Freddie Sr. said a sister , Dorothy Davis , helped him find an apartment in Long Beach where he could do repairs in lieu of paying rent .
In the early 1990s , when Tylette was about 12 , she and a sister moved in with Dorothy , also living in Long Beach .
“ I just did n’t want to live with my parents , ” Tylette said recently , declining to elaborate .
“ Tylette was very quiet , ” recalled Dorothy , now 61 .
“ I think all the lights and the gas constantly being cut off in the house , the poverty , life with her momma and daddy -- she went through a lot . ”
Her niece could be “ a very compassionate person , very sweet , ” Dorothy said , but she was easily manipulated .
Soon Tylette began to run off with boys , and Dorothy decided it was too much .
She returned Tylette and her sister to their parents .
By age 13 , Tylette was pregnant .
In April 1995 , she gave birth to her first child , Johnetta .
‘ Out there with boys ’
Over the next eight years , Tylette had five more children .
“ She was just out there with boys , thinking she was in love , ” said her mother , Linda , who had her first child at 17 .
In the 11th grade , Tylette dropped out of school .
Living on welfare payments for her children , she ’d sometimes spend weekends partying , family members said .
“ We allow that , ” her mother said .
“ She needed her leisure time . ”
In 1998 and 1999 , the child welfare agency looked into whether Linda and Freddie were mistreating Tylette , then about 17 , according to an internal report prepared in August after Dae ’von ’s death .
Someone had alleged that her parents abused crack cocaine and alcohol and provided an “ unkempt home . ”
“ They never proved we did drugs , ” said Freddie Sr. , now 59 .
“ They did n’t prove nothing . ”
Soon Tylette ’s own parenting came under scrutiny , according to the report last August .
Year after year , calls to the child welfare agency alleged that their house was infested with drugs and lacked running water ; that the children were “ filthy and hungry , ” begged neighbors for food , did not go to school and played outside , unsupervised , into the night .
Seven times , beginning in 1999 , social workers investigated whether Johnetta had uncontrolled eczema .
“ It burns ! ” one caller said she heard the girl crying at night .
But of 12 complaints in 10 years , just two were substantiated : one in 2001 that Tylette had left her 1 - year - old alone on a hospital gurney after he accidentally drank lighter fluid , and another in 2006 that Johnetta had “ open sores and blisters ” all over -- seven years after the first eczema complaint .
Johnetta told a social worker in 2001 that her grandparents sometimes hit her with a belt .
She repeated that complaint after Dae ’von ’s death , when her youngest sister also said her grandfather would “ whoop everybody . ”
But the August report suggests that for the most part , everyone in the family denied to social workers that anyone was mistreated .
“ My mom would tell us to lie , ” Johnetta said , because Tylette was afraid the children would be taken away .
With immunization records current and no bruises apparent , the August report suggests , social workers were willing to give Tylette second and third chances .
In 1999 , one gave the mother “ an opportunity ” to clean the home so that , upon the worker ’s return , it “ appeared appropriate . ”
In 2005 , another gave Tylette another “ opportunity ” to enroll her children in school and make medical appointments .
In Johnetta ’s case , one worker wrote , Tylette was “ doing what she could ” for her .
“ However , restraints brought on by simple economics pose substantial limitations on the family ’s ability to control both the longevity and severity of Johnetta ’s medical condition . ”
Johnetta ’s fear
Quiet but well - spoken at 14 , Johnetta describes an itinerant life filled with chores and suffering .
It was often her job to clean the bathroom and help bathe Linda , who has diabetes and later used a wheelchair .
She gave Linda daily insulin shots , worrying constantly that she ’d hurt the older woman .
She often washed , dressed and fed her youngest siblings , Johnetta said , including Dae’von .
“ I thought he was a good boy , ” she said .
“ I did n’t like that people were always hitting on him .
I thought he should feel like he had a home and somebody to love him . ”
Johnetta said she also loved her mother -- but feared her .
Late one night , she said , Tylette lost her temper when she refused to get up from bed to clean up after a little sister who vomited .
“ I did n’t want to do it , so she hit me up in my head . ”
Johnetta later told a social worker that her mother “ would be constantly drunk ” and that her boyfriend , Fisher , frequently struck her brothers , according to the August report .
“ He would hit Dae Dae all over the body . ”
After her family moved briefly to Las Vegas with Fisher , Johnetta said , he “ whooped ” one of her brothers because he ’d wet his bed .
“ When I went in there to wash my hands , he was peeing blood , ” she said in an interview .
“ I went upstairs and told my momma and she went in there and seen it , and that was when she told Maniac , ‘ Do n’t ever put your hands on my kids . ’
But he was still doing it . ”
There were good times too , Johnetta said , beaming as she recalled them .
Her Uncle Katari , 30 , a security guard and the only one in the family with a regular job , would get the boys haircuts or take the kids to Knott ’s Berry Farm .
Hill , Linda ’s first cousin , bought church clothes for the children , lent money to Linda and Freddie and sometimes paid Freddie to work around her Watts home .
Touched particularly by Johnetta and Dae ’von , she ’d take the boy shoe shopping and buy the girl oatmeal baths for her skin .
In late 2005 , Johnetta ’s family moved to a home on Loness Avenue near Compton .
The next February their lives took a dramatic turn : Tylette ’s younger brothers were shot by a Los Angeles County sheriff ’s deputy who confronted them as they walked home from a liquor store , after a customer reported seeing them with a gun .
Freddie Jr. had been carrying a sawed - off shotgun and Keyonte a handgun -- for protection , family members said .
Freddie Jr. died the next day of gunshot wounds to the back .
The family sued the county and , in August , a jury awarded the Davises $ 2.6 million -- a judgment they are waiting to collect .
Everyone mourned her uncle ’s death , Johnetta said , but Tylette could not stop crying .
Freddie Sr. noticed another change in Tylette .
“ Well , I have always been drinking a little bit , ” he testified at the trial , “ but right now I got a daughter , she has turned into an alcoholic . ”
‘ I had to call ’
Linda had a stroke and a mild heart attack after the shooting .
Dorothy Davis , who visited the home to help care for her , said Tylette seemed to be in bed all the time , and the children often missed school .
“ Johnetta looked like an old lady .
She cleaned around the house more than all of them .
. . .
Everyone called her names . ”
In May 2006 , a cousin of Linda ’s saw Johnetta walk out of a kiddie pool , scratching and bleeding from her eczema .
Mary Smith , 74 , said her brother yelled for somebody to get some lotion but no one budged .
“ I knew I was going to call [ the county ] when I saw Johnetta , ” she said .
“ I had to call . ”
After finding a pattern of mistreatment in the home -- only the second such conclusion in a dozen investigations -- county authorities checked for the next year to see that the children went to school and that their mother received Family Preservation services , including classes on parenting .
If Tylette found a new place to live , the child welfare agency would help cover move - in costs , according to the August report -- but she never did .
In spring 2008 , after an argument with Linda and Freddie Davis , Hill decided she ’d had enough .
“ Johnetta was on the couch bleeding , and I just told her , ‘ Come on , Johnetta , let ’s go .
You ’re staying with me . ’ ”
Hill said Linda turned to Tylette and said , “ You ’re going to let her take your baby like that ? ”
Tylette said , “ Yeah . ”
Hill had planned to take in Dae ’von because she thought he was treated roughly .
But then she saw Johnetta , barely over 4 feet tall , the backs of her knees so scabbed she could hardly walk .
“ I thought she needed me more , ” she said .
Hill was already caring for a husband in a wheelchair .
She had survived cancer and the murder of a son .
She also knew the academic challenges facing Johnetta , who read at about a second - grade level .
But Hill had some advantages , too : a sense of humor and dogged resourcefulness .
She found Johnetta a dermatologist and arranged for tutoring .
She set boundaries , identifying “ gang houses ” to avoid .
She grounded Johnetta for letting a friend pierce her lip and for not listening to teachers .
“ Your problem is you ’re a follower , ” Hill said as Johnetta sat nearby .
“ She loves her momma .
She ’d go with her momma right now if her momma said , ‘ Let ’s go . ’ ”
“ I said I love my mother , ” Johnetta retorted .
As for going back , “ I never said that . ”
Home ‘ not suitable ’
Last December , after another visit by social workers , Tylette sent most of her other children to live with others .
She later told social workers she had decided her parents ’ home was “ not suitable for anyone . ”
Most of the fathers ’ homes were not an option -- two of the four were in prison for murder -- but her ex-boyfriend Fisher was willing to take the two youngest , Dae ’von and his little sister .
He was the girl ’s father , not the boy’s .
In March , the siblings entered pre-kindergarten at Lakewood ’s Riley Elementary School , teacher Majella Maas said .
They clung to her like “ extra appendages ” -- especially Dae’von .
In 28 years of teaching , Maas said , she had never known a boy as hungry for affection .
He ’d snuggle up to her in class and sit on her lap , or throw his arms around her .
He knew how to tie his shoes but would undo his laces so she ’d redo them .
During recess , he stayed at her side .
“ Being with an adult was more important for him than playing , ” she said .
“ He did n’t need to talk .
He just wanted to be close . ”
In late April , the boy arrived at school with a bloody , swollen nose .
The school called the county , but without the correct address , it took social workers about two weeks to find Fisher .
The boy said Fisher hit him ; the man said it was an accident .
The evidence was deemed inconclusive .
According to the August report , the social worker “ ensured the child was seen by a doctor and a safety plan was signed , indicating that no one is to hit the children . ”
A month later , on June 3 , Maas called the county , this time because Dae ’von said that Fisher had hit him in the stomach .
After the boy and his sister provided inconsistent accounts , no bruises were found on Dae ’von and Fisher denied the allegations , they were declared “ unfounded . ”
On July 23 police found Dae ’von ’s body inside a house on 87th Place in South Los Angeles .
His little sister had seen him tied up in the hallway , crying , as Fisher beat him , according to her account in county records .
Later , she said , Fisher put Dae ’von in the shower and told him to “ wake up , ” before dragging him to the bedroom .
Her father told her to “ go take a nap like Dae Dae , ” the girl said .
Fisher fled and was captured in Las Vegas a month later .
With his guilty plea on Nov. 19 , he became the third father of Tylette ’s children to be incarcerated for murder .
“ I never thought that he would do something like that to my son , ” Tylette said a week after the slaying .
“ I was going through things and I thought that leaving him with Marcas was the best thing to do .
But apparently not . ”
After Dae ’von ’s death , the county expressed a certainty about Tylette ’s parenting that had n’t been there before .
“ Mother has not taken any responsibility for her role nor has she been able to display any insight into the issues that plague this family , ” the August report said .
“ It is in the best interest of these children to remain . . . with relatives permanently . ”
Hill became Johnetta ’s permanent guardian on Sept. 24 .
Two of the children , now 12 and 10 , are staying with a paternal grandmother .
And the youngest girl , now 6 , and her 9 - year - old brother are with their great aunt Dorothy -- some 15 years after Tylette left her care .
Hers is a spacious home with manicured lawns and flower beds on half an acre in Hesperia .
Upon arrival in August , the girl marveled at its pristine furniture and glass cabinets .
One night , Dorothy let her sleep in a room with her brother , each in a twin bed .
She peered in and noticed that the girl ’s bed was empty .
“ She was in the bed with her brother , wrapped up in his arms , ” Dorothy said .
The girl has had flashbacks and once screamed in a department store after seeing a small boy sleeping in a shopping cart .
“ He ’s dead ! ” she cried .
She ’s doing better now , though Dorothy said she worries about the boy , who is angry and has been fighting with classmates .
“ Those children are out of that nasty house , ” Dorothy said .
Now “ God be in control .
It ’s time for the curse to be broken . ”
Missing Dae’von
Last month , Tylette was arrested in a Compton apartment after attacking her current boyfriend with a knife .
She later pleaded guilty to injuring the man and was sentenced to five years ’ probation and 90 days in an alcohol treatment center .
Freddie Sr. wept in court , relieved that the penalty was n’t more severe .
Linda began making plans :
Once the $ 2.6 - million judgment comes through , she said , “ we ’ll be able to buy a five - , six - bedroom house so all my grandkids could be under one roof , and Tylette can get custody of her children again . ”
In her cousin ’s living room in Watts , Johnetta said she had hope that her mother could fix her life , maybe get her other children back .
But she said she ’s staying with Hill .
She only wishes Dae ’von could be with her .
“ I used to say to myself , ‘ Well , when I get grown up , I ’ma take Dae Dae and have him live with me . ’
Him and my little sister . ”
hector.becerra@latimes.com
Times staff writer Kim Christensen contributed to this report .
I ’m a fan of the #fetch method in Ruby .
I ’ve noticed that other Rubyists do n’t use it as much as I do , so I thought I ’d write a little bit about why I like it so much .
First of all , in case you ’ve forgotten , # fetch is a method implemented on both Array and Hash , as well as some other Hash - like classes ( like the built - in ENV global ) .
It ’s a near - synonym for the subscript operator ( # [ ] ) .
# fetch differs from the square brackets in how it handles missing elements :
h = {: foo => 1 , : bar= > 2} h[ : buz ] # => nil h. fetch ( : buz ) # =>
IndexError : key not found h. fetch ( : buz ) {|k| k.to_s * 3 } # => " buzbuzbuz "
The simplest use of # fetch is as a “ bouncer ” to ensure that the given key exists in a hash ( or array ) .
This can eliminate confusing NoMethodErrors later in the code :
color = options [ : color ] rgb = RGB_VALUES [ color ] red = rgb >> 32 # => undefined method ` >>' for nil : NilClass ( NoMethodError )
In the preceding code you have to trace back a few steps to determine where that nil is coming from .
You could surround your code with nil - checks and AndAnd - style conditional calls – or you could just use # fetch :
color = options. fetch( : color ) # =>
IndexError : key not found # ...
Here we ’ve caught the missing value at the point where it was first referenced .
You can use the optional block argument to # fetch to either return an alternate value , or to take some arbitrary action when a value is missing .
This latter use is handy for raising more informative errors :
color = options. fetch ( : color ) { raise " You must supply a : color option ! " } # ...
Another common use case is default values .
These are often handled with the || operator :
verbose = options [ ' verbose ' ] || false
But this has the problem that the case where the element is missing , and the case where the element is set to nil or false , are handled interchangeably .
This is often what you want ; but if you make it your default it will eventually bite you in a case where false is a legitimate value , distinct from nil .
I find that # fetch is both more precise and better expresses your intention to provide a default :
verbose = options. fetch ( ' verbose ' ) { false }
A method of conducting
therapeutic sessions with MDMA
by
Greer GR , Tolbert R
Heffter Research Institute ,
Santa Fe ,
New Mexico , USA .
J Psychoactive Drugs 1998 Oct - Dec ; 30 ( 4) :371-9
ABSTRACT
A method for preparing clients and conducting therapeutic sessions with 3,4 - methylenedioxymethamphetamine ( MDMA ) is described , with emphasis on the need for careful attention to the mental set of therapists and clients and the setting of the session .
The therapists ' belief was that MDMA inhibited the fear response to a perceived emotional threat , allowing the client to place the emotional sequelae of past experiences into a more realistic perspective in their current emotional lives and relationships .
Clients were carefully screened and prepared until they had a clear purpose for the session , including a willingness to experience and to learn from anything that might happen .
Sympathomimetic effects of MDMA determined the medical contraindications , and clients with histories of serious functional psychiatric impairments were excluded .
Total doses of 75 - 150 mg , plus 50 mg if requested later , were administered , followed by clients lying down and listening to music with eyeshades and headphones during the peak MDMA effect .
Screening and follow - up questionnaires were utilized .
Two case histories are presented : a man achieving relief of pain from multiple myeloma , and a woman finding relief from problems as the daughter of Holocaust survivors .
Use of consciousness - altering drugs in other contexts is discussed .
Refs
and further reading
HOME
HedWeb
Nootropics
erythroxylum-coca.com
Future Opioids
BLTC Research
MDMA / Ecstasy
Superhapiness ?
Utopian Surgery ?
The Abolitionist Project
The Hedonistic Imperative
The Reproductive Revolution
Critique of Huxley 's Brave New World
The Good Drug Guide
The Responsible Parent's Guide
To Healthy Mood Boosters For All The Family
In addition to this setup , where the balls reveal an image hidden underneath , you can also set it up to have flames track behind the balls , or water that ripples as the balls pass over it .
It 's a pretty awesome trick , one that works surprisingly smoothly .
They 're working on new software that will make it more useful than flashy , too .
Imagine playing pool and having the lines where you should shoot projected down on the table , with a computer doing all the math necessary to show you just where to aim and how hard to hit .
At least one hundred dead in a series of bombings across Baghdad on December 8 , 2009 .
These were preceded by other bombings in the weeks before .
One such attack killed the US - sponsored Baghdad regime ’s counter - terrorism czar , while another series of attacks in October outside that regimes offices killed over 150 .
Like most of the rest of the bombings in Iraq in 2009 , the bombers remain a mystery , although the government has blamed Baathists for the October attacks and some US officials speculate whether or not some of the others should be attributed to their favorite bogeyman–Al Qaida in Iraq .
Unlike many of the attacks during the heat of the conflict in Iraq , many of these recent attacks are targeting heavily defended government agencies .
If these attacks are the work of the Iraqi insurgency and one places these bombings in the framework of the rest of the conflict in Iraq , they seem to symbolize a resurgence of the insurgency .
If one further considers the nature of guerrilla war , these spectacular attacks represent a new phase in the insurgents war against the government .
Most western commentators agree that , as elections approach , the insurgency will step up its attacks , supposedly to frighten potential voters , but also to show the essential weakness of the regime .
If previous responses to insurgent violence are any indication , this means that the recent loosening of certain security precautions will be reversed .
Indeed , Iraqi Prime Minister al - Maliki said as much after a series of bombings on August 19 , 2009 : “ These attacks represent a reaction to the opening of streets and bridges and the lifting of barriers inside the residential areas… ( and ) require us ( the regime ) to re-evaluate our plans and security mechanisms in order to confront the terrorist challenges and to increase cooperation between security forces and the Iraqi people . ”
In other words , look out if you are a Sunni or identified as anybody but a supporter of the US occupation and its client regime .
Meanwhile , the Financial Times reported that the al - Maliki regime ’s oil ministry announced that it would not delay the auctioning of oil contracts on December 11 and 12 , 2009 .
Executives from major oil companies are invited and expected to attend .
Given that the building where the auction was to be held was one of those attacked on December 8 , one can be reasonably certain that the attacks are also related to this ongoing procedure , which many Iraqis correctly see as a selling off of their natural resources and the further intrusion of Washington and other western capitals into the Iraqi nation .
In Pakistan , two more bombings occurred on December 7th and 9th , 2009 –one in Lahore and another in Peshawar .
Although no group or individual has claimed responsibility , government and many media sources were quick to blame Islamic militants .
The targeted buildings included a police station and a bank , although many of those killed were civilians .
The recent spate of bombings in the past few weeks have killed over four hundred people .
The government blames militants while it wages a war against Pakistanis living in the country ’s northwest provinces , killing hundreds and displacing even more .
US drone attacks against this same region continue unabated , killing numerous civilians for every supposed terrorist targeted .
All of this is occurring as rumors and denials regarding the role the US mercenary outfit Blackwater ( Xe ) is playing in provoking unrest and instability in Pakistan circulate throughout the Pakistani media .
All of which brings us not so neatly to the underlying factor in every single one of the aforementioned situations .
That factor is the United States presence in the region .
Iraq remains under occupation by 124 , 000 US troops and at least 180,000 mercenaries .
Pakistan has untold numbers of US intelligence operators and Special Forces troops working both independently and alongside Pakistani soldiers .
As for the current linchpin in the region –Afghanistan –the US has at least 68,000 troops currently in country with another 30,000 or more on the way .
Neither the Iraqi or Afghan client governments could survive long without these forces or the billions of dollars spent to maintain their regimes .
The Pakistani government is also beholden to the US for much of its stability and has been throughout much of its history .
Whether or not the US sends troops into Pakistan remains to be seen .
One can be certain that the possibility has been discussed at the highest echelons of the US regime and is most likely favored by more than a few decision - makers , civilian and military alike .
One wonders what is keeping the president from giving the go ahead .
Whatever the reason , one can be fairly certain that without a groundswell of popular protest against the current escalation in Afghanistan and a reinvigorated demand for a complete withdrawal from Iraq and Afghanistan , any hesitancy he currently feels about such a move would be discarded should the generals convince him of their belief in its necessity .
“ I have advocated policies to promote renewable energy and accelerate reductions in global warming pollution for decades , including all of the time I was in public service , ” Mr. Gore wrote .
“ As a private citizen , I have continued to advocate the same policies .
Even though the vast majority of my business career has been in areas that do not involve renewable energy or global warming pollution reductions , I absolutely believe in investing in ways that are consistent with my values and beliefs .
I encourage others to invest in the same way . ”
Mr. Gore has invested a significant portion of the tens of millions of dollars he has earned since leaving government in 2001 in a broad array of environmentally friendly energy and technology business ventures , like carbon trading markets , solar cells and waterless urinals .
He has also given away millions more to finance the nonprofit he founded , the Alliance for Climate Protection , and to another group , the Climate Project , which trains people to present the slide show that was the basis of his documentary “ An Inconvenient Truth . ”
Royalties from his new book on climate change , “ Our Choice , ” printed on 100 percent recycled paper , will go to the alliance , an aide said .
Other public figures , like Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Robert F. Kennedy Jr. , who have vocally supported government financing of energy - saving technologies , have investments in alternative energy ventures .
Some scientists and policy advocates also promote energy policies that personally enrich them .
As a private citizen , Mr. Gore does not have to disclose his income or assets , as he did in his years in Congress and the White House .
When he left government in early 2001 , he listed assets of less than $ 2 million , including homes in suburban Washington and in Tennessee .
Since then , his net worth has skyrocketed , helped by timely investments in Apple and Google , profits from books and his movie , and scores of speeches for which he can be paid more than $ 100,000 , although he often speaks at no charge .
Image Former Vice President Al Gore , who has become a major voice around the world on the issue of climate change , spoke last month at a forum in Dubai .
Credit ...
Marwan Naamani / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
He is a founder of Generation Investment Management , based in London and run by David Blood , a former head of Goldman Sachs Asset Management ( the firm was quickly dubbed Blood and Gore ) .
Mr. Gore earns a partner ’s salary at Kleiner Perkins .
He has substantial personal finances invested at both firms , officials of the companies said .
We 're pleased to hear from our customers regarding their satisfaction with our website .
Although your browser settings do n't allow you to view the website survey we 're conducting , please e-mail your comments .
Treasury Hunt®
Treasury
Hunt is our online search engine for finding matured , uncashed savings bonds ( over 30 years old and no longer earning interest ) .
You can also find missing payments on other securities .
Your search could show :
Matured savings bonds or Treasury notes that no longer earn interest
Missing payments on series H or HH savings bonds , or
Missing payments for securities held in Legacy Treasury Direct
With a few simple , quick steps , Treasury Hunt may reconnect you with forgotten or missing money that you can use for whatever you need , such as :
Helping pay for college expenses ,
Contributing toward a down payment on a home or automobile , or
Reinvesting in another investment that puts your money back to work for you
Treasury
Hunt requires you to enter a few pieces of information into an encrypted form .
Results return immediately , and if any are potential matches , you ’ll get more instructions .
If your search is unsuccessful , please try again in the future .
Treasury
Hunt adds newly matured securities and undeliverable payments each month .
Keep in mind :
Privacy settings of memorialised profiles will be changed Facebook has announced that it will be giving friends and family the option to " memorialise " the profiles of members who have died .
It follows some cases of members receiving updates about dead friends .
If a user is reported as deceased , Facebook will remove sensitive information such as status updates and contacts .
When reporting a death , users must offer " proof " by submitting either an obituary or news article .
" When someone leaves us , they do n't leave our memories or our social network , " Max Kelly , head of security at the firm , wrote in the official Facebook blog .
" To reflect that reality , we created the idea of " memorialised " profiles as a place where people can save and share their memories of those who 've passed . "
Memorialised accounts will have new privacy settings so that only confirmed friends can see the profile or locate it in search .
Contact information and status updates will be removed and the person will no longer appear in the newly - introduced Suggestions panel which , according to its blog it is designed " to remind people to take actions with friends who need help on Facebook " .
But there have been some some cases where people were ' reminded ' about dead friends or relatives .
" We understand how difficult it can be for people to be reminded of those who are no longer with them , which is why it 's important when someone passes away that their friends or family contact Facebook to request that a profile be memorialised , " Mr Kelly wrote in his blog .
In separate news , Facebook has once again been targeted by cybercriminals .
Security firm Websense has reported thousands of fake messages , purporting to come from Facebook Support , with a malicious payload .
The fake message invites users to download a new password as part of ongoing security messages .
If users click on it it will download a piece of software which could allow their machine to be taken over by malicious hackers .
In one day , Websense has seen 90,000 such messages .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Taking the train could add £ 24,600 to the travel bill
Network Rail is transporting 200 staff by coach from Reading to Coventry for a conference because of the high cost of train tickets , it has emerged .
The rail operator has opted to shun train travel for road transport as it is more than £ 24,000 cheaper .
If open return tickets were bought for all the staff it could cost up to £ 27,000 - £ 135 each .
But coach travel , at £ 12 a head , will cost just £ 2,400 .
The firm said it made no apologies for getting the " best value " for taxpayers .
Network Rail said it looks at cheaper options for journeys as part of cost - cutting , as its workers do not get free travel or discounts .
A spokesman added : " Whilst we have no role in setting train fares , we use rail for the overwhelming number of business journeys .
" Occasionally , if there is a cheaper alternative , we will use that . "
In fact , nonbank financial institutions do need to be regulated ; they were n’t exactly the good guys during the housing bubble .
But neither were the bankers , something they ’ve conveniently forgotten .
Who do you think was creating all those subprime mortgages that the brokers and originators were peddling ?
The banks , that ’s who .
I ’ve had mortgage brokers tell me how bank salespeople put enormous pressure on them to ratchet up their sales of , say , option A.R.M. , no -doc mortgages mortgages the banks were offering , through the brokers  so they could make the loans and then bundle them to Wall Street for a hefty fee .
Bankers were every bit as complicit in pushing mortgages on customers who lacked the means to pay them back .
Even now , banks are engaged in practices that are , at best , dubious , and at worst deceptive .
How about , for instance , those rapacious debit card overdraft fees ?
My colleagues Ron Lieber and Andrew Martin have pointed out in recent articles that a decade ago , such fees barely existed ; instead , the card was routinely rejected when a consumer tried to make a purchase with an empty bank account .
Now , whether customers want overdraft protection or not , most banks cover the purchase and charge an absurdly high fee for the “ privilege . ”
No one can doubt that these fees hurt the very people who can least afford to pay them .
( If you have college - age children , as I do , you know this firsthand . )
But none of the regulators who are now supposed to be looking out for consumers were the least bit concerned .
Only after the articles exposing these practices ran on the front page of The New York Times did several banks agree to abandon the fees for small overdrafts .
But should it really require newspaper exposés to get banks to do the right thing ?
Alas , without a consumer agency , that is pretty much what it takes .
The real reason current regulators do n’t pay more attention to consumer problems is not that they are evil ( well , mostly they ’re not ) , but that they have another mission that takes priority .
They are charged with insuring the safety and soundness of the banking system .
And safety and soundness means making sure that banks have enough capital  and are compensating for loan losses .
When a bank decides to raise a customer ’s credit card interest rate to 35 percent to make up for losses elsewhere in the credit card portfolio , that believe it or not , is a good thing from the perspective of safety and soundness .
Even though it is a terrible thing for consumers .
Which is also why the bankers ’ line about having their current regulators look out for consumers is so bogus .
At the Federal Reserve , consumers will never come first ; Alan Greenspan had the power to curb abusive subprime loans , but he just was n’t interested .
Nor is it any different over at the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , the nation ’s other big bank regulator .
Not long ago , John C. Dugan , the comptroller , gave a speech in which he said  channeling Mr. Yingling  that the banks had not been responsible for the financial crisis .
Regulators who take their talking points from the American Bankers Association do n’t exactly inspire confidence that they ’re looking out for consumers .
A consumer protection agency , on the other hand , would n’t have that dual mission ; its sole goal would be to try to keep bank  and nonbank  customers from being gouged , deceived or otherwise taken advantage of .
Without question , it would occasionally come into conflict with the safety and soundness regulators .
But that is why that oversight panel exists : to hash out such conflicts .
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan ( CNN ) --
The Taliban claimed responsibility Thursday for a deadly suicide attack on a police building in Lahore , eastern Pakistan that killed at least 27 -- and vowed similar attacks in other cities .
The scene of an apparent suicide car bomb attack on a police building in Lahore on May 27 .
Taliban Commander Hakimullah Mehsud said the Wednesday morning attack in Lahore was payback for the ongoing military offensive in the northwest part of the country that has become a haven for Islamic militants .
" If the government continues to carry out activities at the behest of America , we will continue to hit government installations , " Mehsud said .
The Taliban think the military operation is meant to appease the United States , which has long asked Pakistan to battle insurgents operating from the stretch of tribal areas along the border with Afghanistan .
The United States has said the militants have launched attacks on U.S - led coalition and NATO troops across the border .
On Wednesday , another group , calling itself Tehrik - e- Taliban Punjab , claimed responsibility for the Lahore blast .
Mehsud , who is second - in - command to Pakistani Taliban leader Baitullah Mehsud , dismissed that claim .
" Tehrik - e - Taliban Pakistan is a single organization , " Mehsud said .
" There is not such group called Tehrik - e - Punjab .
We are organized under the leadership of Baitullah Mehsud and we 're against the U.S. and its allies . "
The Lahore attack , which involved gunmen and an explosives - laden van , also left more than 250 people wounded -- most of them police officers and staffers .
Soon after the blast , police arrested three suspects , authorities said .
Suspicion immediately fell on the beleaguered Islamic militants .
Baitullah Mehsud had threatened to target major Pakistani cities if the operations did not cease .
" The enemies of Pakistan are trying their very best to use every venue to destabilize the country , " Interior Minister Rehman Malik told reporters Wednesday .
" Please do not forget we 're in a state of insurgency . "
The blast occurred on Mall Road near the city police headquarters and the high court .
It is one of Lahore 's busiest areas .
A passenger van , laden with explosives , broke through a security barrier and was headed toward the police building when guards opened fire to stop it , said Lahore 's district coordination officer , Sajjad Ahmed Bhutta .
Watch more on the attack in Lahore »
The two sides exchanged gunfire , with the attackers hurling grenades , said Faisal Gulzar , deputy police superintendent .
The van exploded before it could reach the building .
It was carrying an estimated 100 kilograms ( 220 pounds ) of explosives , Bhutta said .
The impact was immense .
The targeted building -- Building 15 -- collapsed .
It housed the city 's rapid response team , which is dispatched during emergencies .
The police headquarters that sits adjacent to the building was punched in .
The roof of four operating rooms caved at nearby Sir Ganga Ram Hospital , with 40 medical staff members suffering minor wounds .
Watch rescue workers respond to the attack »
Lahore is Pakistan 's cultural capital , far removed from the fundamentalist interpretation of Islam that is embraced in the north of the country .
Still , it has sporadically been swept into widening Islamist violence that grips the country .
In March , gunmen hurled grenades and opened fire on officers at a police training center , killing at least seven cadets .
The same month , gunmen opened fire on a bus carrying members of the Sri Lankan national cricket team on their way to a stadium for a match .
The attack wounded at least eight members of the team and killed a driver and six Pakistani police officers .
CNN 's Reza Sayah and journalist Nazar Ul Islam contributed to this report .
All About Pakistan • The Taliban
Yet Brown did n't do this alone .
Most of our political classes have been complicit in this historic policy error .
The UK 's mainstream parties , having finally admitted our fiscal situation is desperate , have only recently stopped competing on the basis of who can spend more .
Public discourse is now starting , very slowly , to recognise that we actually need to spend and borrow much less .
But the politicians still claim , sotto voce , that a debt burden equal to 100 pc of GDP " is n't all that bad " .
WUWT readers may recall this story from last month :
Climate Alarmists rush to judgment on dead walruses , ignore other possibilities
The issue has been settled .
No mention of climate change or global warming .
From a joint press release at http://alaska.fws.gov/index_walrus.pdf ( h/t to Robert E. Phelan )
Trampling Likely Cause of Icy Cape Walrus Deaths
Trampling by other walruses was the most likely cause of death of 131 walruses carcasses found on the shore near Icy Cape , Alaska , according to an investigative team .
The carcasses , the majority of which were young animals , were discovered along the beach above the high - tide line on Sept. 14 by a U.S. Geological Survey ( USGS ) survey crew in the area .
In response to the discovery , the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service put together a team comprised of representatives from USFWS , USGS , the Alaska SeaLife Center and the North Slope Borough to determine the extent and cause of the die - off .
The National Marine Fisheries Service provided additional financial and technical support , with hunters from Barrow and Wainwright also assisting in the investigation .
An aerial survey of the Chukchi Sea coast conducted by USFWS and NSB confirmed the die - off was localized to the Icy Cape region .
To determine the cause of death , a smaller team mobilized to examine as many carcasses as possible and conduct necropsies – animal autopsies .
Veterinarians and biologists from ASLC , USGS and NSB deployed to the area , with hunters from Wainwright and Barrow to ensure their safety .
The six - member team examined 71 carcasses and performed nine detailed necropsies .
Because the necropsies showed extensive bruising and all of the carcasses were calves or yearlings , the investigative team concluded that the cause of death was consistent with trampling by other walruses .
Trampling - related injuries and mortalities are not uncommon at coastal walrus haulouts .
The potential for injuries and mortalities appears greatest in large herds of animals with a mix of walruses of different age and sex .
Young animals appear to be more susceptible to trampling than older animals .
The cause of the disturbance or disturbances leading to the trampling deaths is unknown .
Investigators found no evidence of hunting or other recent human activities near the carcasses .
Photographs and additional information are available from Bruce Woods at the number above
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Posted by John , November 28th , 2009 - under Same - sex marriage .
Tags : Gay , Gay liberation , Gay marriage , Homophobia , homosexuality
To many people today , especially young people , the ban on same - sex marriage is an anachronistic denial of a basic civil right – a throwback to a bygone age of intolerance and anti-gay bigotry .
But the hostility of both Liberal and Labor governments to same - sex marriage is not simply the product of the prejudices of a few homophobes or the malevolent influence of the institutional churches .
Despite a façade of tolerance and acceptance homophobia remains entrenched in modern capitalist society because it directly serves the interests of the rich and powerful who dominate our lives .
Just like nationalism , racism and sexism , homophobia serves to keep working class people divided .
It makes it harder for workers to stand up as a united force and defend their rights and living standards which are constantly under attack by employers and their governments .
As well homophobia and sexual oppression more generally turn people in on themselves and undermine their personal confidence .
One reflection of this is the high rates of suicide and depression amongst young lesbians and gay men .
If people are underconfident about one of the most basic aspects of their lives – their sexuality – they are going to be a hell of a lot less confident to fight for a better world , to assert their rights at school or to stand up to a bullying supervisor at work .
Insecure , atomised young workers make perfect fodder for the production line at Subway or McDonalds .
But there is an even more fundamental reason why homophobia remains entrenched – the central role of the heterosexual family in capitalist society .
A smoothly functioning , socially stable and profitable capitalism needs a well - disciplined and trained workforce , reproduced and maintained at minimal cost to big business .
The heterosexual nuclear family fits the bill perfectly for capitalist interests .
The overwhelming bulk of the cost of reproducing the next generation of workers and of feeding and preserving the existing generation is forced onto individual working class families .
So rather than all the top corporations having to pay the cost of the training , upbringing and maintenance of their workforce , individual working class women are forced to do the work of child care , cooking , cleaning , emotional support and so on for free – as well as having to work outside the home in a job for which they are paid less than men .
The likes of Woolworths , Coles and the major banks save billions of dollars a year on child care costs alone .
And it is not simply the cost of bringing up children and caring for the existing generation of workers that the capitalists offload onto working class families .
Increasingly these days , governments are forcing the costs of looking after the aged , the disabled and the sick onto working class families , while at the same time cutting taxes for big corporations and the rich .
So preserving the nuclear family , and the subordinate role women play in it , is vital for capitalism .
Homosexuality does not fit this capitalist norm .
It is a challenge to the capitalist nuclear family and in particular to the sexual division of labour .
That is the key reason that homophobia is still rife today .
The “ traditional ” family has clearly evolved significantly over the last few decades .
Women have fewer kids and do n’t , by and large , spend decades stuck at home as “ housewives ” .
Women are now half the workforce .
As well , today many children are raised in single - parent households .
These changes have opened up some space for some less conventional relationships .
Nonetheless it is still overwhelmingly women who are responsible for rearing the next generation of workers .
That is why it is so important for governments and big business to prop up the idea that it is “ normal ” for women to settle down in a heterosexual family and have kids .
So governments wage relentless ideological campaigns to maintain the image of the nuclear family as the norm and pour billions of dollars into goading women into heterosexual marriage and bribing them to have more kids .
These measures to prop up the nuclear family are ever more important as the stresses and strains of modern day capitalism are constantly putting working class families under pressure .
Women are expected to spend more and more time in the workforce and yet at the same time deliver better quality care for their children and partners , sick relatives and ageing parents .
No wonder relationships are torn apart .
In this context then it is important for capitalists to ensure that homosexual relationships continue to be marginalised .
Sure , capitalism can tolerate gays and lesbians up to a point , provided they know their place and keep to their own little ghetto .
They can even have their once - a - year public events like the Mardi Gras .
That after all adds a bit of colour to city life and draws in the tourist dollar .
However the powers that be do n’t want homosexuality to become too mainstream .
That ’s why they are reluctant to grant same - sex marriage rights .
They do n’t want same - sex relationships to be seen as just as valid as heterosexual relationships .
They do n’t want young people to be encouraged to explore their sexuality .
That is why you get so much hysteria about gays “ corrupting ” youth and why homophobia is so entrenched in schools .
Socialists oppose all forms of homophobia .
We support the legalisation of same - sex marriage as a basic democratic right and we are for building a mass movement to win that demand .
However while we can win some reforms under capitalism , we are not going to get rid of homophobia until we have swept away the whole of this rotten , divisive , exploitative system .
At the heart of capitalism is the necessity to pump out profits from the labour of workers , and the bosses can only keep on doing this successfully if they keep workers , both gay and straight , divided , insecure and fearful .
This article , by Mick Armstrong , first appeared in Socialist Alternative .
Last weekend 's gang rape at Richmond High School was almost bound to happen .
All it needed was a spark - the elements were already there .
The courtyard where the attack erupted was the most infamous spot on campus , an out - of - the - way , poorly lit venue for gang initiations and dopers lighting up joints .
The 15 - year - old victim was a vulnerable girl who attended church and wanted to be a police scout , but also worried counselors by trying too hard to please the school 's bad boys .
As for the suspects :
They were a mix of the bad boys , the wannabe bad boys , and the hardened , grown - up bad boys who had aged out of school .
All it took for things to lurch out of control , investigators , students and community leaders say , was opportunity - and that came when the girl left the school dance Saturday night , walked by a group of bad boys boozing hard in the unlit courtyard , and accepted their invitation to hang out .
Fueled by street - macho bravado and inspired by sexual initiations required to get into some local gangs , they began the attack , investigators say .
On the other side of the campus , more than 400 students partied at the homecoming dance .
Easy to trace
And now it is those 400 students and the rest of the 1,600 - strong student body , along with their teachers and community leaders , who are wrestling to make sense of what happened .
It does n't take much to trace the cause , they say .
Take the poverty - driven frustration of inner-city Richmond , a youth street culture that glorifies thugs and applauds degradation of women , and the desensitization of young men through violent video games , music and language , and you have a template for trouble .
" This is like a lot of schools , where most of the kids are good kids - and then , we know which ones are going wrong , " said Charles Johnson , one of Richmond High 's security specialists .
" You would n't believe the stuff we have to put up with those few who go wrong - guns , dope busts , fighting , " Johnson said .
" We know that courtyard , and we 've been waiting for something to happen there .
" I 'm sorry it had to be this terrible . "
Johnson , teachers and students at least partially blame the attack on the lack of lighting , sturdy fencing or security cameras on the courtyard , which abuts a rough neighborhood on the northern end of the campus on 23rd Street .
Signs for the Norteño and Crips gangs are scrawled in huge letters on a wall near the driveway leading into the courtyard .
On Saturday , district officials confirmed plans to install higher fences around the entire school before next summer , and to firm up security in general - but the challenges will still be steep .
Johnson also blames the attack and much of the school 's troubles on nonstudent " outsiders " - as several of the attack suspects are - who regularly trespass on campus , and they are much less respectful of authority than the students themselves .
But as much as anything , the attack stems from the way the roughest young men treat women , Johnson and the others say .
And this is a problem that extends far beyond the East Bay campus ' borders .
" This attack was about street culture , and the need to change that mind - set , " said Jay Leonhardy , a nationally recognized community organizer who heads Richmond 's Youth Works , which steers at - risk kids into work and education programs .
" It 's not something you change overnight , and it is not unique to Richmond , Oakland , Portland or Los Angeles .
It 's everywhere .
" As awful as this attack was , " Leonhardy said , " just maybe it can represent a teachable moment .
If people pay attention . "
Hoping for healing
Few could feel the urgency as much as 14 - year - old Rhonnie Schwartz , a Richmond High freshman .
Her cousin is Cody Ray Smith of San Pablo , who at 15 is the youngest of the four defendants charged in the gang rape so far .
Investigators believe Smith , a student at the school , may have been the boy who enticed the victim into the courtyard .
Ever since his arrest , Rhonnie has struggled with what to say to the boy she has grown up with .
She poured her heart into a two - page letter last week as part of a class exercise , and plans to mail it to Smith in juvenile hall .
" Staying out of trouble can have a dramatic effect on your life , and give your family some stress relief , " she wrote .
" Cody , paying attention in school or at least going to class can help you so much ...
Cody I care about you ... I 've seen you have some hard times . "
The arguments will have a way to go to counteract peer influence , judging by Smith 's MySpace page .
" Freee mah nigga ... F- dem snitches , " reads one of the more prominent comments posted by a friend .
" This stuff ( the rape ) is just not like Cody , " said Rhonnie , who wore a button reading , " Hands and words are not for hurting . "
As for the rest of the student body , she said : " We are all shocked at how horrible this was .
I mean , bad things happen , but this ?
' We 're not animals '
" Please tell people we 're not animals , like the media say we are , " Rhonnie said , eyes moist with pain .
" We are not bad people . "
Teachers , who asked not be named because of district confidentiality rules , said Smith and the other two juvenile defendants charged as adults have had tough times academically .
Ari Abdallah Morales , 16 , of San Pablo and Marcelles James Peter , 17 , of Pinole were transferred out of Richmond High to continuation high schools .
Although Peter has a shelf of city league soccer trophies , he and the others are mediocre pupils at best , sources said .
The fourth suspect arraigned in the case , 19 - year - old Manuel Ortega , ran away from home and dropped out of school after his junior year , sources said .
He was a disruptive student who once threw a flaming ball of paper at a teacher .
One other young man arrested in the case - Jose Carlos Montano , 18 , of San Pablo - is in Contra Costa County Jail but has not been charged .
" The younger ones - they mostly just watched , and they are the ones talking and giving up names , " said one source familiar with the investigation who asked not to be named , because the Police Department has ordered its investigators to keep a tight lid on information .
" This was not a gang thing .
It was just a mob that got out of control .
It was the older ones who led it all . "
There were a lot of people to lead .
Rape frenzy
On the night of the attack , the victim left the homecoming dance at about 9:30 p.m. , before it ended , and walked to the back of campus to call her father to pick her up , detectives say .
That 's when someone invited her into the notorious courtyard .
The group of about a dozen boys and young men was already well into 2 gallons of vodka .
After they liquored up the girl with brandy , they proposed sex , according to several accounts by friends of those who were there but asked not to be named for fear of retaliation .
The girl said no .
Some of the men placed her on one of the two red cement benches set alongside the main brick building of the school and said they were going to have sex anyway , according to the accounts .
" They had her down on the bench and the bitch tried to kick ' Tweak ' ( one of the men ) in the nuts , " said one young man , who said he had a first - hand account of the attack from Smith but was afraid of being named .
" He went off on her , started hitting her , and then it was on .
They pulled a train ( a gang initiation - style rape , one after the other ) on her . "
What ensued was 2 1/ 2 hours of beatings and raping , at times with a foreign object .
The scene attracted onlookers , some calling others over by cell phone , and eventually there were as many as 10 men or boys sexually assaulting the girl while another 20 looked on , laughing and snapping pictures .
Teachers and students were searching last week for at least one video that many said was filmed of the attack .
The rape finally stopped , around midnight , after students at a house down the block heard of what was going on and called police .
The girl was found , semiconscious , beneath a picnic table .
" Her face was purple and blue and she was n't moving when they finished and ran , " said Eraclio Lopez , 23 , who lives nearby and ran over when the police cars rolled up .
" I guess those kids thought what they did was tight , was cool .
But it was terrible . "
The girl was released from a hospital Wednesday , but her recovery has only begun , police Lt. Mark Gagan said .
" This was a barbaric crime , and I find it hard to wrap my head around the fact that so many watched and did n't report it , " Gagan said .
" That poor girl will have a lot of healing to do . "
This was not the first time the churchgoing sophomore had hung out with the wrong crowd , said one educator who asked not to be named for fear of offending school district sensitivities .
That has caused anguish for not just her but the advisers who helped her over the past couple of years ,
" She really is a smart girl , but it 's not always easy to fit in , " the educator said .
" I think she can be a little naive , and she 's been harassed by guys in the past who took advantage of her when she tried a little too hard . "
Deeply caring girl
English teacher Jessica Price , who knows the victim and most of the arrested suspects , said the girl has helped in conflict - mediation groups .
She told Price she wanted to join the Police Explorers , a Boy Scouts group that lets boys and girls learn law enforcement with local police .
" She 's an emotional , deeply caring girl , the type who would care so much if this happened to another girl , " Price said .
The girl and her family have not spoken publicly , but her parents issued a statement read at a community meeting Saturday , urging everyone moved by the attack to " please channel your anger into positive action . "
That such a girl could be so brutalized speaks more to a pack mentality , stoked by booze and street machismo , than it does to the general character of Richmond High 's youths , Price said .
" Those boys who did what they did were n't picturing that girl as a human , " she said .
" I think you see these kinds of boys at a lot of high schools - so desensitized it was like they saw her as a toy .
Boys like that - there are n't many like them , but they can be so hard .
All they needed was something to set them off . "
She told a school district safety panel last week that some girls trying to find out who had watched the rape were being threatened in the hallways - and that , too , she blames on a desensitized mentality .
Price has been helping lead counseling sessions on campus , and to support the hundreds of students who staged rallies and gatherings to denounce violence .
Their hope is to tell people in the Bay Area and everyone else who has seen national coverage of the case that the attack does not define Richmond High .
It 's not an easy message to get out in a city where 18 percent of families live below poverty level and the always - struggling school district became in 1991 the first in the state to declare bankruptcy .
The CQ Press crime index last year rated 102,000 - population Richmond the ninth - most - dangerous city in America , based on crimes including homicide and rape .
There are hopeful aspects .
Richmond High , which is 76 percent Latino , had the highest increase in its district last year in its state Adequate Yearly Progress scores .
It was only a decade ago that the school drew international acclaim when basketball coach Ken Carter forced members of his undefeated team to sit on the bench until they raised their grades .
" I have friends who go to school in Concord and say , ' Are n't you scared to go to Richmond High ? '
And I say , no - you can do very well academically here , " said junior Vanessa Bejarano .
" I take two AP classes .
I am headed for college .
I feel safe , and it makes me mad that people only see the bad side of us now . "
Rough justice
Even the neighborhood ex-cons who lounge against their cars all afternoon at the back end of campus are outraged .
For all the sensitivity training going on , this is still a rough city - and there is rough justice .
" If we 'd gone over there earlier , before it was over , those mother - would have been shot .
For real , " said 24 - year - old Chuckie Pelayo , leader of a pack that hangs out at the corner of Hayes Street and Emeric Avenue , one block from the rape scene .
" We 've all been to prison , and we know the code of how you 're supposed to behave .
These younger guys , they do n't know the code .
" Some of us know a few guys who were there , and we 're out looking for them , " Pelayo added , the others nodding .
" They better hope the cops find them first , because when we find them the same thing that happened to that girl is gonna happen to them . "
“ You say you want a revolution ” is a line every Beatles fan knows .
It ’s from the song “ Revolution ” on the Beatles ’ famed double album known as The White Album .
John Lennon was inspired to write the song after watching news about the student riots in Paris in May of 1968 .
Like many people around the world , he was shocked to see crowds of young people throwing bricks and Molotov cocktails at the police , breaking shop windows and setting cars on fire .
There was n’t one specific cause for the riots .
Various demonstrators said they were angry about various things , ranging from university policies and tuition costs to the treatment of low wage French workers and the war in Vietnam .
In the lyrics he wrote for “ Revolution , ” Lennon indicated that he supported efforts to seek social and political changes , but opposed using violence as means to those ends :
“ You say you want a revolution
Well , you know
We all want to change the world …
But when you talk about destruction
Do n't you know that you can count me out . ”
The first version of “ Revolution , ” with the “ count me out ” lyrics , was released on a 45rpm single record on August 11 , 1968 .
It was the B - side .
“ Hey Jude ” was the A - side .
The video at the top of this post is a live performance of the single release .
( In it , Lennon sings “ We ’d all love to change the world , ” instead of “ … want to change ... ” )
On November 22 , 1968 , the Beatles released their famed double album known as The White Album .
The first song on the second side of the second LP disc was a version of “ Revolution , ” titled “ Revolution 1 . ”
It was a slower musical take of the song that had been recorded before the version used on the single .
In the final audio mix of “ Revolution 1 ” for The White Album , Lennon overdubbed a snippet of himself saying the word “ in ” after “ Do n't you know that you can count me out . ”
So , on “ Revolution 1 ” version we hear :
“ But when you talk about destruction
Do n't you know that you can count me out … IN ! ”
Why the change ?
Because after the original single version of the song was released in August , Lennon was criticized by many leftist leaders and groups who felt that “ Revolution ” insulted them and their positions on social issues .
That bothered Lennon .
He actually agreed with many of the positions espoused by Left wing activists ; especially their opposition to racism and the Vietnam War and their support for better wages and benefits for common working people .
One reflection of his inner conflict was the “ out … IN ! ” in “ Revolution 1 . ”
As journalist Jon Wiener noted in his retrospective on Lennon ’s music in The Nation , Lennon once explained : “ I put both in because I was n’t sure . ”
After 1968 , Lennon became even more frustrated by the lack of progress toward the social changes he supported and by the continuation of the war in Vietnam .
In 1971 , after the Beatles had broken up , he wrote the song “ Power to the People , ” a phrase borrowed from the Black Panthers and other radical groups that actually did sometimes espouse violent revolution .
It was recorded by Lennon , Yoko Ono and The Plastic Ono Band and released a single that year .
In the lyrics , Lennon revisited the topic of revolution , writing :
“ Say you want a revolution
We better get on right away ...
A million workers working for nothing
You better give ‘em what they really own
We got to put you down
When we come into town
Singing power to the people
Power to the people . ”
The record jacket for the “ Power to the People ” single shows a photo of Lennon with his clenched fist raised in a revolutionary - style power salute .
I ’m a huge fan of the Beatles and like a lot of the solo music John Lennon recorded before his tragic assassination by John Hinckley in 1980 .
As I was writing this post , I listened to “ Power to the People ” again on YouTube .
The music still sounds pretty good .
And , as a Baby Boomer who leaned fairly far left in the Seventies , I recall why I related to the song ’s message back then .
But nowadays , as I near my own Seventies agewise , I prefer “ Give Peace a Chance . ”
* * * * * * * * * *
Comments ?
Corrections ?
Post them on the Famous Quotations Facebook group .
Rumen Georgiev , a taxi driver , said he was now afraid to be on the city 's roads after dark .
" I – like every other taxi driver in Sofia – stop at a green light to make sure nothing is coming the other way , " he said .
" I have to apologise to clients for the slow journey .
It 's a jungle out there . "
A new report from OTR Global relayed by AppleInsider indicates that Apple is planning on manufacturing new hybrid iPhones that will support both Verizon 's CDMA2000 network as well as the UMTS 3G network .
Only the UMTS network is supported by the current version of the iPhone and is used by AT&T and much of the rest of the world .
Qualcomm's new hybrid CDMA / WCDMA chip offers the potential for a single , global iPhone that users can take to any major carrier , solving the network fractionalization problem .
It also solves other issues that had served as roadblocks , including the issue of user confusion that would result from Apple selling separate CDMA and GSM / UMTS versions of the iPhone .
The reason behind building in such support would seem primarily to extend the iPhone 's compatibility with Verizon in the U.S .
The move is expected to take place by the 3rd quarter of 2010 .
Conveniently , AT&T 's exclusivity contract with Apple is believed to expire in mid 2010 .
The report also indicates the new model 's screen will also shrink in size from 3.5 " to 2.8 " diagonally .
Curiously , this is not the first time the possibility of a 2.8 " iPhone has emerged with iLounge previously publishing photos of 2.8 " screens that were believed to be for use in future Apple devices .
Rilakkuma and Lawson have got together again to bring out some Rilakkuma corn potage and chocolate marshmallow snacks , just in time for Halloween .
Since I have had so many great entries to the giveaway contest , I have decided to add these snacks to the pot and award them to some of the best answers for why you should win the contest .
If you want to be munching down a few of these Rilakkuma snacks or get more prizes , you can still enter the giveaway contest here .
The contest closes on Nov 5 , 2009 .
Let me know ,
Special extra prize
Do n’t forget to write in your answer which goods you like the best and why .
There will also be a prize for the best answer to why you want to win even if you get the date and time wrong .
Good luck !
I am off to eat some Rilakkuma snacks myself as I go to take photos for conbini monday .
Share this : Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Four struggling actors retreat to a cabin in Big Bear , California in order to write a screenplay that will make them all stars .
Problem is :
What happens when their story idea -- a horror flick about a group of friends tormented by a villain with a bag over his head -- starts to come true ?
Written by Anonymous
Merely observing someone publicly blame an individual in an organization for a problem -- even when the target is innocent -- greatly increases the odds that the practice of blaming others will spread with the tenacity of the H1N1 flu , according to new research from the USC Marshall School of Business and Stanford University .
Nathanael J. Fast , an assistant professor of management and organization at the USC Marshall School of Business and Larissa Tiedens , a professor of organizational behavior at Stanford , conducted four different experiments and found that publicly blaming others dramatically increases the likelihood that the practice will become viral .
The reason : blame spreads quickly because it triggers the perception that one 's self - image is under assault and must be protected .
The study called " Blame Contagion : The Automatic Transmission of Self - Serving Attributions " is believed to be the first to examine whether shifting blame to others is socially contagious .
The results will be published in the November issue of Journal of Experimental Social Psychology .
" When we see others protecting their egos , we become defensive too , " says Fast , the study 's lead author .
" We then try to protect our own self - image by blaming others for our mistakes , which may feel good in the moment . "
He adds that in the long run , such behavior could hurt one 's reputation and be destructive to an organization and further to our society as a whole .
Tiedens said the study did n't specifically look at the impact of hard economic times , but it undoubtedly makes the problem worse .
" Blaming becomes common when people are worried about their safety in an organization , " she said .
" There is likely to be more blaming going on when people feel their jobs are threatened . "
Fast says that when public blaming becomes common practice -- especially by leaders -- its effects on an organization can be insidious and withering : Individuals who are fearful of being blamed for something become less willing to take risks , are less innovative or creative , and are less likely to learn from their mistakes .
advertisement
" Blame creates a culture of fear , " Fast said , " and this leads to a host of negative consequences for individuals and for groups . "
A manager can keep a lid on the behavior by rewarding employees who learn from their mistakes and by making a point to acknowledge publicly his or her own mistakes , Fast says .
Managers may also want to assign blame , when necessary , in private and offer praise in public to create a positive attitude in the workplace .
Or , managers could follow the lead of companies such as Intuit , which implemented a " When Learning Hurts " session where they celebrated and learned from mistakes , rather than pointing fingers and assigning blame .
The blame contagion research provides empirical evidence that such a practice can avoid negative effects in the culture of the organization .
Anyone can become a blamer , Fast says , but there are some common traits .
Typically , they are more ego defensive , have a higher likelihood of being narcissistic , and tend to feel chronically insecure .
President Richard Nixon is one example the authors point to in the study .
Nixon harbored an intense need to enhance and protect his self - image and , as a result , made a practice of blaming others for his shortcomings .
His former aides reported that that this ego - defensiveness pervaded his administration .
It was the culture of fear and blame that ultimately led to Nixon 's political downfall .
advertisement
The experiments showed that individuals who watched someone blame another for mistakes went on to do the same with others .
In one experiment , half of the participants were asked to read a newspaper article about a failure by Governor Schwarzenegger who blamed special interest groups for the controversial special election that failed in 2005 , costing the state $ 250 million .
A second group read an article in which the governor took full responsibility for the failure .
Those who read about the governor blaming special interest groups were more likely to blame others for their own , unrelated shortcomings , compared with those who read about Schwarzenegger shouldering the responsibility .
Another experiment found that self - affirmation inoculated participants from blame .
The tendency for blame to spread was completely eliminated in a group of participants who had the opportunity to affirm their self - worth .
" By giving participants the chance to bolster their self - worth we removed their need to self protect though subsequent blaming , " says Fast .
The results have particularly important implications for CEOs .
Executives and leaders would be wise to learn from such examples , Fast suggests , and instead display behaviors that help to foster a culture of psychological safety , learning , and innovation .
Medical researchers in Sydney say they have developed a weight loss drug that could change the way the body uses fat .
Scientists from the Garvan Institute of Medical Research say the new drug can control weight gain in mice by stopping the body from receiving certain signals from the brain .
Traditional weight loss drugs try to stop the brain from sending hunger signals to the body .
But the head of the neuroscience program at the Garvan Institute , Professor Herbert Herzog , says these therapies tend to be ineffective .
" What we 've found is that blocking one system that influences appetite and body weight regulation might not be enough to cause a significant change in reducing body weight , " he said .
" If you take one signal away , others take over . "
Patients who use these traditional weight therapies only lose about 5 per cent of their body weight .
The Garvan Institute researchers decided to reverse this approach and stop the body from receiving hunger signals from the brain .
Not only does the drug control appetite , it also encourages the body to burn more fat .
" The body can decide if it uses fatty acids or protein for generating energy .
So if one can direct the body to use more fatty acids , which is stored in fat tissue , then the reduction of body weight might be greater , " Professor Herzog said .
The drug has proven to be successful in mice .
The researchers found that the mice lost body fat but their muscle mass stayed the same .
The Garvan Institute says it will probably be at least three years before the weight therapy will be ready for human trials .
But if it is successful , the drug could be helpful for those who need to lose a moderate amount of weight .
" It will definitely improve the effects of losing weight by a normal diet , " Professor Herzog said .
" This might not be really suitable for extremely obese people , but for moderately obese people , it might be a real alternative . "
Atlanta , Georgia ( CNN ) --
The failed computer system that caused flight delays across the country has been restored , the Federal Aviation Administration said Thursday .
FAA spokesman Paul Takemoto said the system went out at 5:06 a.m. ET and came back on about five hours later .
He said officials working to pinpoint the cause know that there was a problem with the main telecommunications systems .
" It was an efficiency problem rather than a safety problem , but it was a serious efficiency problem , " Takemoto said .
Due to the outage , air traffic controllers had to enter flight plans manually , a problem that causes delays , according to the FAA and the National Air Traffic Controllers Association .
The air traffic controllers ' group said the problem will cause flight delays throughout the day because of a " domino effect . "
" Air traffic controllers are without electronic decision - making tools and cannot keep up with the sheer numbers of flights -- resulting in delays , " the controllers ' group said in a statement during the outage .
" Air traffic controllers on the ground at major airports are getting no automated flight plan information and have to enter that information manually , a cumbersome and time - consuming process . "
Carmen McDonald was among those passengers inconvenienced by flight delays when the computerized system that airlines use to file flight plans failed for several hours Thursday in Atlanta , Georgia , and Salt Lake City , Utah .
McDonald said she thought her Spirit Airlines flight would leave on time around 7 a.m. ET from Fort Lauderdale , Florida .
But the 39 - year - old model sat for an hour and 15 minutes amid the noise of loud kids before the plane was ready to leave a logjammed runway and take off to Boston , Massachusetts .
" I'm frustrated , " she said , distracted by using Twitter and calling on her cell phone as her plane sat planted on the runway .
" I have somewhere to be . "
i Reporter records video from tarmac
AirTran Airways spokesman Christopher
White said the airline had canceled 22 flights around the country as of 8 a.m. ET and had delayed dozens more because of the flight plan filing system problem .
He said most of the canceled flights were in Atlanta , AirTran 's hub of operations , and others are spread throughout the country .
White said the problem will have " a pretty major impact on operations " and the cancellations will have a ripple effect .
" We will be a mess all day , " he said .
AirTran , which operates about 700 flights a day , asked customers to check airtran.com before showing up at the airport .
Delta Air Lines spokeswoman Susan Elliott said the airline was not providing numbers on how many flights were affected .
But she said that Delta will give travelers some flexibility in rescheduling .
American Airlines spokesman Tim Smith said that 300 to 500 flights had been delayed , virtually every one scheduled for takeoff .
The longest delays have been a little more than an hour , but no flights have been canceled , and some might be consolidated , he said .
" Things are moving ; they are just moving more slowly , " Smith said , adding that American has been affected at LaGuardia and John F. Kennedy International airports in New York as well as in Dallas / Fort Worth , Texas , and Chicago , Illinois .
Smith said the problem reflects that the U.S. air traffic control system operates with what he calls " 1960s technology " and needs to be modernized .
US Airways spokesman Morgan Durrant said the airline had a few delays across the system , including some as long as 30 minutes but it does n't anticipate any more .
Hartsfield - Jackson Atlanta International Airport said officials there were " monitoring the situation regarding the FAA 's automated flight plan system . "
" The airport is working to minimize the impact on customers by bringing in additional staff and ensuring that all facilities are operational and fully maintained .
All passengers are encouraged to contact the airlines regarding the statuses of their flights before they head to the airport , " the airport said .
At Indianapolis International Airport , most morning flights left on time with little impact from the computer glitch , but inbound flights from large hubs are expected to be delayed Thursday and possibly into Friday , said spokeswoman Susan Sullivan .
The airport asked concessionaires to beef up staffing levels and has added employees to keep the facility clean and the passengers comfortable .
The system -- the National Airspace Data Interchange Network , or NADIN -- appears to be the same one that failed in August 2008 .
The FAA said the information in the network is data required to launch planes expeditiously .
Airplane safety was not affected , the FAA said , adding that planes in the air had radar coverage and communication .
Weather also might have played a role in Northeast flight delays .
The air traffic controllers said " weather equipment was affected " and information such as winds speeds was not " processing . "
The controllers said that " airport efficiency is being cut at least [ in ] half at places like New York - JFK " and that in the " New York airspace , controllers are forced to put 20 miles of space between aircraft . "
CNN 's Mike Ahlers , Jeanne Meserve and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .
Study Bible
10
11
12
Cross References
Romans 3:4
Certainly not !
Let God be true and every man a liar .
As it is written : " So that You may be proved right when You speak and victorious when You judge . "
Psalm 31:22
In my alarm I said , " I am cut off from Your sight ! "
But
You heard my plea for mercy when I called to You for help .
Psalm 62:9
Lowborn men are but a vapor ; the exalted but a lie .
Weighed on the scale , they are pushed up ; together they are but a breath .
Certainly not !
Let God be true and every man a liar .
As it is written : " So that You may be proved right when You speak and victorious when You judge .
" In my alarm I said , " I am cut off from Your sight ! "
But
You heard my plea for mercy when I called to You for help .
Lowborn men are but a vapor ; the exalted but a lie .
Weighed on the scale , they are pushed up ; together they are but a breath .
Treasury of Scripture
I believed , therefore I said , “ I am greatly afflicted .
” How can I repay the LORD for all His goodness to me ?…
I said in my haste , All men are liars .
in my
Psalm 31:22
For
I said in my haste , I am cut off from before thine eyes : nevertheless thou heardest the voice of my supplications when I cried unto thee .
1 Samuel 27:1
And David said in his heart , I shall now perish one day by the hand of Saul : there is nothing better for me than that I should speedily escape into the land of the Philistines ; and Saul shall despair of me , to seek me any more in any coast of Israel : so shall I escape out of his hand .
all
2 Kings 4:16
And he said , About this season , according to the time of life , thou shalt embrace a son .
And she said , Nay , my lord , thou man of God , do not lie unto thine handmaid .
Jeremiah 9:4,5
Take ye heed every one of his neighbour , and trust ye not in any brother : for every brother will utterly supplant , and every neighbour will walk with slanders …
Romans 3:4
God forbid : yea , let God be true , but every man a liar ; as it is written , That thou mightest be justified in thy sayings , and mightest overcome when thou art judged .
Good thing the PlayStation 3 dropped in price .
The US Department of Defense ordered 2,200 more of the consoles to crank up their PS3 supercomputer , currently consisting of 336 of the devices in a Linux cluster .
According to the official Justification Review Document ( cache link ) required for the purchase of the PS3s , the game platform , with its IBM Cell microprocessor , is a much better value for the money than IBM's Cell - powered products designed for supercomputing applications .
Ars Technica points out that the price difference comes in part because the PS3 is a loss leader for Sony .
From the Justification Review Document :
With respect to cell processors , a single 1U server configured with two 3.2GHz cell processors can cost up to $ 8 K while two Sony PS3s cost approximately $ 600 .
Though a single 3.2 GHz cell processor can deliver over 200 GFLOPS , whereas the Sony PS3 configuration delivers approximately 150 GFLOPS , the approximately tenfold cost difference per GFLOP makes the Sony PS3 the only viable technology for HPC applications .
" Sony still subsidizing US military supercomputer efforts " ( Ars Technica , thanks Rob Rader ! )
This week 's
You ask , they answer guest is on a mission to answer a recurring dilemma : how do you ensure fashion is fair as well as on - trend ?
Known as the Ethical Trading Initiative ( ETI ) , it 's an alliance of high street names , NGOs and unions that aims to create , in its own words , " a world where all workers are free from exploitation and discrimination , and work in conditions of freedom , security and equity " .
The ETI 's members range from Tesco to Primark , although this year Boots dropped out of the initiative and some big firms – such as BHS and Topshop – are not in the alliance .
It has also not stopped its members running into ethical scandals , with Primark having to remove ethical branding from its tills and website earlier this year when it was accused of paying illegal immigrants less than the minimum wage .
Monday to Friday this week is your chance to quiz the ETI on everything from fair trade and workers ' rights , to supply chains and ethical consumerism .
Want to know if sweatshops are on the rise or on the decline ?
What effect the recession has had on ethical pledges ?
Or do you have a comment about what issues and companies you 'd like the initiative to tackle next ?
Just post your questions for the ETI below .
Let 's say you are using rescue_from in your Rails application to rescue some type of exceptions that are thrown in your application .
For example , you want to rescue a ActiveRecord : : StatementInvalid but not every ActiveRecord : : StatementInvalid : just those ActiveRecord : : StatementInvalid exceptions where the exception message matches a defined pattern .
In this specific case , the following code wo n't work .
class ApplicationController < ActionController :: Base # ... rescue_from ActiveRecord :: StatementInvalid , : with => : rescue_invalid_encoding protected def rescue_invalid_encoding # ... end end
This is because a ActiveRecord : : StatementInvalid is a generic error class and the rescue_from statement will catch any ActiveRecord : : StatementInvalid indistinctly .
But you do n't want this , so you 'll decide to go ahead and use the old - fashioned if school to filter the exception message .
Only exceptions matching given message pattern should be catched .
Any other exception should be released ( or to use a technical jargon , rethrown ) .
class ApplicationController < ActionController :: Base # ... rescue_from ActiveRecord :: StatementInvalid do | exception | if exception .
message =~ / invalid byte sequence for encoding / rescue_invalid_encoding ( exception ) else raise end end protected def rescue_invalid_encoding ( exception ) head : bad_request end end
The way you rethrow an exception in Ruby is calling raise without passing any exception class or message .
Ruby will dutifully re-raise the more recent exception .
Unfortunately , the else statement wo n't as expected .
The exception is correctly rethrown but it is n't catched by the standard Rails rescue mechanism and the standard exception page is not rendered .
Also , the exception is completely invisible to any exception logging platform that relies on rescue_action_in_public such as Hoptoad or Exceptional .
The explanation is simple .
To prevent an infinite loop , Rails has a special Failsafe mechanism .
When an Exception occurs in the Exception rescue execution , Rails immediately breaks the execution and enter in Failsafe mode .
From the Rails log
Processing ApplicationController#index ( for 127.0.0.1 at 2009-11-03 23:30:19 ) [ GET ]
Parameters : { " action " =>" index " , " controller " = > " welcome " } /!
FAILSAFE /!
Wed Nov 03 23:30:19 +0100 2009 Status : 500 Internal Server Error ActiveRecord:: StatementInvalid
In order to pass invoke the standard rescue mechanism you need to manually call the rescue_action_without_handler ( exception ) method .
class ApplicationController < ActionController :: Base # ... rescue_from ActiveRecord :: StatementInvalid do | exception | if exception .
message =~ / invalid encoding / rescue_invalid_encoding ( exception ) else rescue_action_without_handler ( exception ) end end protected def rescue_invalid_encoding ( exception ) head : bad_request end end
A work of warning :
This is a Rails internal API so it can change without additional notice in future versions so be sure to create a test suite to prevent problems when upgrading your Rails version .
Here 's an example of integrational test .
1 ) Shorts / pants with words across the butt – Really ??
You ’re not anymore attractive if your butt says “ juicy ” or “ cutie ” … . really , it ’s just tacky .
2 ) Wearing clothes that are too small for you or too big for you
- Ladies : wear the right pant size , no one wants to see your muffin top .
And do n’t wear the overly baggy shirts / dresses , unless you ’re pregnant , do n’t dress like you ’re pregnant
- Gentleman : Your pants are too tight when we can see your bulge .
No one wants to see if you wear it to the left or the right .
And we do n’t want to see your underwear sticking out ; sagging your pants is so 10 years ago for high schoolers .
3 ) Matching from head to toe – you do n’t need to wear a blue shirt , blue hat , blue sunglasses , blue shoes , etc … you ’ll look like a blueberry .
4 ) Crocs – unless you ’re in elementary school and your mom still dresses you , just do n’t wear them .
It ’s like wearing rubber clogs .
5 ) Covered toes , open shoes
- Flip flops and socks – Are your feet cold ?
Yes ?
Then why are you wearing sandals to begin with ?…
No ?
Well then you know it just looks tacky right ?
Again , clashing seasons does n’t work :
Why do girls wear Uggs when it ’s warm out ?
- Closed toe nylons with open toe heels / slip - ons - just do n’t do it .
It looks cheap when the seam of the nylons at the end of your toes are exposed .
Nylons are still okay to wear , just wear closed toe footwear .
6 ) Shoulder pads – if you ’re still wearing suits or jackets , or anything with shoulder pads …. cut them out , or replace that article of clothing .
Shoulder pads is another fashion statement that should stay in the 80’s : The Scrunchie : So - Over
7 ) Wrong usage of leggings – so leggings became really popular over the last year or so .
With that , came girls thinking they could wear leggings however they wanted , so long as they were wearing them , they were in .
Wrong .
- Never wear leggings as pants : if your shirt does not cover your ass , you should not be wearing just leggings with it .
– If you ’re short , do n’t wear leggings without boots , unless the leggings go all the way down to your ankle ( which even then I think it still makes your calves or thighs look proportioned weird )
Tall chicks , you may be able to get away with the leggings better , but if you ’re going to wear them all the way down to your ankle , wear flats with them , it looks off when you do so with heels .
8 ) Platform flip flops – I ’m sorry I know these were in , in the late 90’s , ( okay I ’ll even give you early 2000 ’s ) , but it ’s the 21st century now ladies .
The Spice Girl era is long ‘n gone – it should have ended there .
However with the star - studs on them , somehow bro hoes were able to drag the trend on a little longer .
9 ) Too many unbuttoned buttons on a shirt , guys -
On a button - down dress shirt , 2 buttons max seems to be the unanimous unwritten rule for how many buttons can be unbottoned .
If you have a shirt under , and you ’re not going for too dressy , okay , fine .
But if you do not have a shirt under that button - down , be prepared to get turned - down .
What are you trying to show off ?
Do n’t pull a Fabio .
10 ) T - shirts with fake logos –
If you ca n’t afford to buy a real name - brand shirt , fine , but do n’t wear a fake - logo shirt ( or any article of clothing really ) .
If you ca n’t afford that Dolce & Gabbana , do n’t substitute for a “ Doice & Cabbana ” .
Go to Express or something similar , yet cheaper .
Fake is tacky .
Same goes for the fake Louis Vuitton purses that seem to be so popular ladies .
If it ’s a logo that looks like the original logo tweaked , just do n’t do it .
Writing good software is n't about writing software .
While learning a programming language , it 's easy to believe that typing or stringing together syntactic constructs or figuring out how to please a picky compiler is the single most important task you can perform , it 's not .
Some people even believe that programming is primarily an act of typing , once you have a problem description or a design document or a specification or a series of interconnected diagrams .
Sadly , that 's not true .
Software is " done " in the sense of " usable for other people " when it has an appropriate amount of testing , when it 's appropriately maintainable , when it has appropriate internal and external documentation , when it has appropriate packaging , and ....
" Appropriate " here depends on a lot of circumstances , but there 's the risk mentioned in the title .
You have to identify what 's appropriate .
Will anyone else ever install the software ?
If so , then you need to make sure that they can .
Will anyone ever have to maintain the software ?
Then you need to make sure that that 's possible too .
It 's easy to confuse " I 've written the code , I just have to test it , package it , document it , clean it up , and review it , and then it'll work appropriately where you want it " for " I 'm done " .
I like what my colleague James Shore says about Done Done ; it 's a good reminder that the act of writing software alone is far more than transcribing design ideas into code , or convincing a picky compiler to give you the right error message to help you fix a typo , or getting a web page to load on your development machine .
That 's as important when you ask yourself if you 've finished the current task as it is when someone else asks you when you 'll finish .
I 'm not suggesting that you lie -- far from it .
I suggest instead that any estimate or prognostication or description of the completion of a project take into account the fact that you have more work to do when you save a file , even if you expect never to type another character in that file .
There is no " done , except for ... " .
There 's only done .
I can't define what 's " appropriate " for your project .
Nor can the Perl community .
Even so , the Perl community has converged on a handful of practices and mechanisms to measure and to encourage appropriateness .
You can see this principle at work when you look at the organic community standards enforced only by convention on the CPAN .
CPANTS Kwalitee measures the packaging and installability of a distribution .
CPAN Testers gathers information about the measurable correctness of code .
Every distribution gets its own bug and request queue on rt.cpan.org .
You could do a lot worse than to adopt similar guidelines .
( ed. note .
Please welcome contributor Chris Bradford , author of the economics blog Austin Contrarian . )
As this recent Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) report reminds us , the answer is " very regressive . "
Even in lean economic times , the average rent in San Francisco ( above ) is close to $ 2,000 / mo .
( Photo : BinBin.net
The
disparity
between the federal government ’s support for homeowners and
renters is stark .
In fiscal year 2009 , according to CBO , Washington
spent almost four times as much money ( $ 230 billion ) to support
homeownership as
it did to improve rental affordability ( $ 60 billion ) .
That
spending on homeowners included $ 80 billion for the tax deduction for
mortgage interest , $ 16 billion for the state and local property - tax
deduction
and $ 16 billion for the capital - gains exclusion .
But it also
included temporary commitments , such as the Obama administration ’s mortgage modification program ( $ 75 billion ) and the first - time home
buyer tax credit ( $ 14 billion ) .
And let ’s not forget the continuing federal outlays to subsidize Fannie Mae and Freddie
Mac ’s credit activities ( $ 43 billion ) .
By
contrast , Washington devoted just $ 60 billion to improving
rental affordability , mainly through a combination of low - income
housing tax credits , Section 8 rental assistance , and public
housing .
Most
people , I think , will acknowledge a general uneasiness with this
disparity .
It seems unfair for the government to spend 80 percent of
its housing budget on the 67 percent of its households who own property .
What ’s more , these federal subsidies flow disproportionately to the most affluent of those
households .
Homeowners see no benefit from the mortgage interest ,
property tax or capital - gains deductions unless they itemize — which
means that many homeowners get little or no actual subsidy .
The subsidy
rises with the value of the home and the tax bracket of the buyer .
In
other words , the federal government handsomely rewards
the affluent for buying expensive homes and leaves
renters ( as well as low - income home owners ) relatively worse off in the process .
But
Washington ’s housing subsidies , which have continued under both
Democratic and Republican administrations , have an even more insidious
impact in the nation ’s most
expensive markets .
There , they make renters worse off in
absolute terms by raising the overall cost of housing .
How does this happen ?
While federal
homeowner subsidies nominally flow to home buyers , the actual beneficiaries depend on the particular housing market .
In
markets where it is easy to add new housing — those with an elastic
supply — rising
demand spurs more new housing rather than higher prices .
Home buyers do
indeed receive the subsidies ’ benefits ( though they often take an
environmental hit from new , often sprawled construction patterns ) .
The
federal
programs reduce their cost of housing without raising the cost of
housing for renters .
But
the story is different in markets with high demand and tight supply , such as the expensive markets on the coasts — highly
desirable , highly productive metropolitan areas constrained both by
geography and restrictions on new construction .
In these markets ,
sellers possess a scarce good in high demand and can force buyers to
bid away their federal subsidies .
The federal subsidies are bundled
into the sales price ; in the end , home buyers are neither better off
nor worse off than without the subsidies .
Renters , however ,
are unequivocally worse off .
Inflating the price of
owner - occupied housing squeezes up the price of rentals , too , as
higher home prices force would - be buyers to look elsewhere for
housing .
The federal price premium trickles down to all market
segments , causing higher prices across the board .
But unlike buyers , renters do not enjoy large offsetting
subsidies from Washington .
They are stuck with higher real prices … until they
decide to flee for a city with cheaper housing .
The relative pittance
the government spends on rental housing cannot begin to remedy the
imbalance ( and might actually make things worse , to the extent the
government merely creates more demand for housing without stimulating
new supply ) .
The
federal homeowner subsidies are thus doubly regressive in our most
expensive cities .
These cities have the richest residents living in
the priciest homes that command the largest subsidies .
And these cities
have the tightest housing markets most vulnerable to distortions in
demand .
These places would undoubtedly be expensive to rent
in anyway — I ca n’t imagine center - city San Francisco being affordable to a
young , working - class household — but are decidedly less egalitarian ,
thanks to our federal government ’s housing programs .
The Best Pet Cameras to Keep an Eye On Your Pet When You 're Away
Because you know your furry friend is bound to get into some mischief when you 're not around .
One of our connects just blessed us with a couple shots of the HTC DROID Eris and graciously unboxed the retail packaging .
We could bore you with meaningless details about how the phone is thinner and lighter than the Sprint HTC Hero , feels much better in the hand , and is generally the best Android device besides the Motorola DROID our connect has used , but we ’ll stop there .
Enjoy the photos !
Thanks ,
Jon !
A brilliant idea , although I hope the participants know that they ’re now fair game for “ progressive ” blackface photoshops mocking them as traitors to their race .
The Clinton coalition is fracturing , thanks to The One ’s statism on steroids ; every white surbanbite vote that ’s lost will have to be made up with a minority vote , which means the volume on the demagoguery will have to be turned up that much higher .
You ’re a brave man , Charles Payne .
You can watch the entire episode at Fox News .
Enjoy .
Pupils terrified after arriving at school to bloody crime scene ... which was lesson on ' problem solving '
The pupils were shocked when they turned up at Foxhill Primary to find their teacher had been attacked in a violent break - in .
But their parents were more appalled when they learnt the ' crime ' had been staged by the school as part of a problem - solving exercise .
In the dark : Jonathan Whitehead and one of his sons , Josh , 8 , outside Fox Hill Primary School .
He says his son was so upset , he did not want to return to school
Children as young as five were greeted with a distressing scene of ' blood ' on the floor , police tape and a female teacher with a plaster on her head .
Crime investigators arrived and pupils were asked to help catch the culprit by looking at evidence .
Many of the 300 pupils at the Sheffield school remained in the dark until receiving an explanatory letter at the end of the week .
Head Nicola Shipman said parents were n't let in on the secret to keep the exercise as realistic as possible but some said their children had been left frightened .
The exercise has echoes of the scenes ( above ) faced by primary school children in West Sussex this summer when many were left in tears after a spaceship apparently crash - landed and a teacher was abducted by aliens
Mother - of - three Emma Whitehead , 28 , said it was ' totally irresponsible ' and claimed other parents were disgusted .
' The children did n't know anything about it .
Some of them are just babies .
They walked into the school hall and saw the blood and tapes , ' she added .
Children at Foxhill Primary in Sheffield were told their school had been the subject of a violent break - in
' I have spoken to a number of parents and they are disgusted .
A lot of children were frightened by the blood and the story they were told .
' I can not see what the kids have learned from this .
I can understand it if this had been done at a comprehensive school , but these children are too young to really understand what was going on .
' The school should have consulted parents first and given us a chance to object if we wanted to .
' I know a lot of parents would have done that .
I actually saw the teacher still walking around with a plaster on her head two days after the fake attack . '
Mrs Whitehead and her husband Jonathan , 32 , have three children Benjamin , five , Ellie , six , and Joshua , eight , at the school .
Engineer Mr Whitehead said : ' The school carried on pretending a crime had really taken place for four days and during that time the children believed a teacher had been injured and that their school had been broken into .
' To make it more convincing , South Yorkshire Police forensic officers went to the school and took the fingerprints of some of the children and a police officer spoke to the children about it .
Concerns : Parents have accused staff at Fox Hill Primary School in Sheffield of frightening pupils by carrying out the week - long mock break - in
' Surely the kids could have been told to imagine all this had happened rather than being told it was real ?
My son is autistic and we are still struggling to convince him that this was just make believe .
He was so upset he did n't want to go back to school . '
Mrs Shipman said the problem solving was held to cover key skills in science , numeracy and analysis .
' All the feedback is that the children who took part enjoyed the week , ' she said .
' Essentially we asked them to become a mini-Sherlock Holmes .
' The problem - solving week was held to cover key skills in the school curriculum from creative writing through to science , numeracy and analysis .
' We wanted to give the pupils a topic that would inspire their creativity and their imaginations which is why the crime scene was chosen .
' We did consider informing parents ahead of the week but we felt this might impact upon the children getting fully involved . '
Oct. 6 , 2009  --
The remote base in northern Afghanistan where eight U.S. soldiers were killed this weekend in a deadly battle was well - known inside the military as extremely vulnerable to attack since the day it opened in 2006 , according to U.S. soldiers and government officials familiar with the area .
When a reporter visited the base a few months after it opened , soldiers stationed in Kamdesh complained the base 's location low in a valley made most missions in the area difficult .
" We 're primarily sitting ducks , " said one soldier at the time .
Known as Camp Keating , the outpost was " not meant for engagements , " said one senior State Department official assigned to Afghanistan , and brings " a sad and terrible conclusion " to a three - year effort to secure roads and connect the Nuristan province to the central government in Kabul .
The boulder strewn road that led into the valley was referred to by U.S. soldiers stationed there as " Ambush Alley . "
In addition to the eight dead Americans , at least two Afghan Army officers were killed , with as many as a dozen Afghan National Policemen missing , according to military and Afghan officials .
The base , located less than 10 miles from the Pakistan border and nestled in the Hindu Kush mountains , was attacked almost every day for the first two months it was opened , hit by a constant stream of rocket - propelled grenades and small arms fire .
By the third or fourth month of the base 's existence , resupply had been limited to nighttime helicopter flights because the daytime left helicopters and road convoys too exposed to insurgent attacks .
That remained true through the weekend .
The base had several near - misses with enemy fire over the years .
In 2006 , all daytime helicopter flights landing at the valley floor were cancelled when an American Blackhawk was nearly hit with an incoming rocket as it was taking off .
After the incident , helicopters were banned from landing anywhere but an observation post some three hours ' walk above the base on a nearby ridgeline .
Even then , helicopters filled with troops or equipment were rushed during offloading , as pilots were keen to take off before drawing hostile fire .
And like many other remote and rural parts of Afghanistan , the local population had begun souring on the American presence after airstrikes had hit civilians in the neighboring villages .
Deployment into Nuristan
The initial military goal was to establish the base as a one of 13 Provincial Reconstruction Teams set up throughout Afghanistan to help with reconstruction projects , civil affairs and basic safety for the local population .
Within a year , the PRT had been moved to a safer , more hospitable base in the western section of the province .
Camp Keating , along with two other outposts near the border , was then intended to help patrol and oversee the stretch of the Pakistan border .
U.S. officials were concerned that the nearby mountain passes were being used by militants to infiltrate Afghanistan and set up for attacks .
American officials were often divided over whether the U.S. effort in the mountainous region could be sustained .
According to an American who has consulted with U.S. forces on their deployment into Nuristan , the effort in the north can only be seen as a failure .
" What have we done there in the last three , four years , " he said .
" We did n't gain anything .
We were n't able to open the road up or make the area secure .
Despite the inherent physical vulnerabilities of Camp Keating , until this weekend , the base had suffered no casualties from hostile fire .
The base itself was named after Lieutenant Benjamin Keating , who was killed in vehicle accident nearby in Nov. 2006 .
But on Saturday , a force of as many as 300 insurgents attacked the vulnerable base in what the military has termed a " complex " attack that began in a neighboring village mosque .
According to an Afghan translator for American forces in Nuristan , the village mosque was used to store the weapons and ammunition used in the attack .
The rules of engagement generally prevent U.S. forces from searching or attacking Afghan mosques .
According to the Afghan translator , most of the insurgents were local .
Eastern Nuristan has long been filled by the insurgent group led by former mujahedeen leader Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , called Hezb - e - Islami .
U.S. officials believe that Hekmatyar is hiding in Pakistan , and helps coordinate insurgent attacks throughout eastern Afghanistan .
Insurgent Attack
One U.S. military official told ABC
News that they believe the insurgents started a fire as they began to attack .
" They burned the base down , " said the official .
The smoke from the fire initially limited the air support U.S. soldiers requested , according to a military official .
The fighting lasted " throughout the day " as there were signs that the insurgents were able to breach the base before being " repelled . "
As insurgents fired from three or four different locations above the base , they also maneuvered and over took one of the observation posts on higher ground , taking out a post meant to protect Camp Keating from enemy fire .
The outpost at its peak was home to roughly 100 U.S. soldiers and a few dozen Afghans from both the national army and police force .
According to reports , the base was down to half that size when the attack came over the weekend .
Patrols in the neighboring villages and mountaintops were often limited by the lack of U.S. forces , and forced commanding officers to stay on base for fear of being over - run while on patrol .
According to a senior state department official familiar with the area , the attack came as a surprise , and was " much bigger than anything U.S. forces could have expected . "
The soldiers were preparing to leave the base for good this week , in a plan that had been set in motion as early as a year ago , according to American officials familiar with the military 's plan .
Military officials have said that they do not believe the insurgents knew the U.S. forces were withdrawing from the base .
The attack , according to a senior State department official , was most likely the last major effort by the insurgents before the winter snows blanket the province and make maneuvering and fighting that much harder to accomplish .
" Unfortunately , " said the State Department official , " this [ attack ] gives the insurgents a propaganda victory because they can go and claim to the locals that they forced the Americans out . "
With additional reporting by Nick Schifrin .
WASHINGTON 
The fight over a proposed same - sex marriage law here heated up this week as the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Washington said that if the law passed , the church would cut its social service programs that help residents with adoption , homelessness and health care .
Under the bill , which has the mayor ’s support and is expected to pass next month , religious organizations would not be required to perform same - sex weddings or make space available for them .
But officials from the archdiocese said they feared the law might require them to extend employee benefits to same - sex married couples .
As a result , they said , the archdiocese would have to abandon its contracts with the city if the law passed .
The church ’s social services arm , known as Catholic Charities , serves 68,000 local residents , including about a third of the city ’s homeless people , who go to city - owned shelters managed by the church , city officials said .
This could very well be my last Dollhouse related comic .
Revisit the ghost of Dollhouse Comic Past HERE .
I think this comic sums up my feeling towards Dollhouse ’s cancellation pretty well .
There was definitely a spark of Whedon - Genius there , but it was n’t enough to earn my devotion .
I stand by the belief that Dushku was the ruination of the show .
All of the supporting cast outclassed her at every turn and showed what a mediocre actress she is ( I ’m sorry , Eliza … I think you are pretty and probably a nice person ) .
I ’m sure the show will pull another 180 in it ’s final six episodes and only then will I realize my error in judgment , but as of now I do n’t mourn the show .
I only mourn the show that Joss saw in his head , that we will never see .
For surely this was not it .
COME SEE ME AT DALLAS WEBCOMICS EXPO !!!
Saturday Nov. 14th , 11 am – 6pm
More info HERE
I will be doing 2 panels during the afternoon .
One on webcomic economics / marketing and the other on digital drawing with a Wacom tablet .
My buddy Will Terrell will be doing a digital painting tutorial as well .
If you have seen his art , you know you do n’t want to miss this .
I hope to see you all there .
If enough FB ’s show up we can have a dinner meetup afterward .
[ You know it ’s sad that they ca n’t even say “ Dollhouse Sent To ‘ The Attic ' ” since not enough people watched the show to get the reference ]
Attorney General Jerry Brown has most likely received a response from the top 10 option ARM lenders in California given that November 23rd was the deadline to respond to his initial request for data .
Hopefully we ’ll have a better sense of how deep the mess goes in the state but given the massive amount of shadow inventory , I can tell you that the rabbit hole is much deeper than you may think .
Yet some would rather wallow in denial and somehow expect that an economy with no job growth is suddenly going to reinvigorate home prices up to the bubble heydays .
I understand the nostalgia but that does n’t mean we ’ll be seeing peak prices any time soon .
The state of California is looking at $ 20 + billion deficits annually until 2015 .
We have some serious rebalancing to do .
Household balances sheets are riddled with debt and the allure of real estate is forever shattered for a generation .
Ultimately property values need to reflect local economies .
This might be hard for some to grasp since we really have n’t seen this for over a decade in California .
But bursting bubbles have a way of unraveling the yarn .
If California has an unemployment / underemployment rate of 23 percent , it is important to correct the employment situation before thinking about rising property values .
That is why California has seen tax revenues plummet because in the reality based economic system most of us live in , incomes are tight , stocks have taken a hit , and real estate has seen values collapse .
So the negative wealth effect is in full force just as people load up on Thanksgiving dinners and gear up for the Black Friday hamster consumer madness .
Even with the rise in the stock market , negative equity has exploded :
The number of underwater homeowners is mind boggling and a recent report now has 1 out of 4 borrowers underwater .
Here in California with toxic Alt - A and option ARMs , we have so many people underwater that we might need some scuba gear to get out of this housing abyss .
Yet we are in the eye of the hurricane here .
This is what we know :
- Alt - A and option ARMs are imploding but not making their way to inventory .
The current state is see no evil , hear no evil .
-$ 8,000 tax credit has spurred home buying
-FHA insured loans now finance about 4 out of 10 California home purchases
- The Fed has purchased over $ 1.2 trillion in mortgage backed securities pushing mortgage rates to historical lows
- Fall and winter are seasonally weaker selling seasons
- Commercial real estate defaults expected to explode in the next few years
With that said , what happens if one of these factors is removed or turns out to be worse than forecasted ?
In fact , as we have discussed many times with FHA insured loans , defaults are so high that the government is now forced to confront reality :
“ ( SF Chronicle ) Higher down payments .
FHA ’s current minimum cash down payment is 3.5 percent .
On a $ 200,000 house , a buyer can bring just $ 7,000 to the table , aside from closing costs .
A purchase of a $ 500,000 house in a high - cost area requires only $ 17,500 in cash .
Critics say 3.5 percent does not force purchasers to have enough “ skin in the game ” to discourage them from missing payments or risking foreclosure .
Rep. Scott Garrett , R - N.J. , introduced legislation last month requiring a minimum 5 percent down payment for all future FHA loans .
Ed Pinto , who served as Fannie Mae ’s chief credit officer in the 1980s and is now a mortgage industry consultant , says FHA needs to move to a 10 percent minimum . ”
I agree with Mr. Pinto that we need to bump up the minimum down payment for FHA insured loans to 10 percent .
That is politically not likely in this crony banking and government environment .
But 5 percent is now on the table .
As the defaults rise and the FHA goes the way of Fannie Mae , people are going to need to start forcing actual change .
Otherwise the government is simply the new subprime lender .
So what that you have a strong FICO score ?
Many of those no -doc folks had strong FICO scores and how did that turn out ?
The Shadow Knows – Pasadena
Today we are going to spend some time looking at Pasadena .
I want to dig deep into this city because we can see many of the above trends in full force .
Today we salute Pasadena with our Real City of Genius Award .
Let us first look at the total listed MLS inventory :
519 MLS listings
Foreclosures 22
Short Sales 42
So this is an interesting perspective of the area .
519 properties listed with 22 foreclosures and 42 short sales .
12 percent of inventory is distressed .
Not bad right ?
Well let us look at the overall picture :
In reality , there are 742 distressed properties in the city that break out as follows :
Bank owned : 101
Auction scheduled : 349
Pre-foreclosures ( NOD ) : 292
This is how the data breaks down :
Plus , how many other homeowners have stopped paying altogether and have no NOD filed ?
That is another large part of the shadow inventory .
But you can see from this data that the actual MLS only has roughly 64 properties of the total distressed list of 742 .
The 742 number that the public cannot see is 42 percent larger than the entire MLS data .
There are literally two markets running parallel to one another .
The façade world of everything is okay and smiles everywhere and the other world where properties are defaulting in mass and borrowers are simply not paying their mortgages .
The real action is going on in the pre-foreclosures .
Let us look at a specific example :
This home is listed as a 4 bedroom and 3 baths home .
The data has it at 2,763 square feet so it is a good sized home .
Let us look at the sales history :
Sale History :
03/23/2000 : $ 245,000
Not a bad price for this sized home in Pasadena .
Yet the action is in the details :
Another home equity withdrawal machine here .
The $ 245,000 mortgage in 2000 was modest .
Then in 2001 $ 345,000 in mortgages were secured by the property in what looks to be a major cash out deal .
In 2003 , Wells Fargo graciously gave a $ 411,000 mortgage on this place .
Let the bubble continue .
In 2004 the property got another refinance up to $ 555,000 .
Then in 2005 , it was party time .
A $ 750,000 note and a $ 100,000 note making the value go up to $ 850,000 .
Finally in December of 2006 , a $ 925,000 loan was secured on the place almost getting to $ 1 million from $ 245,000 in 2000 .
Sure seemed like a fun decade in this home .
But now this person owes $ 25,779 just to get current .
Even the optimistic Zestimate places the value of this home at :
To be abundantly clear , someone is likely to lose a lot of money here .
But for the time being , they can claim this place is worth $ 925,000 .
This is the kind of world California real estate is in .
This is a historical , once in a lifetime kind of bubble .
For example on this home let us assume it sells for the Zestimate .
You would naturally think that a $ 300,000 loss would be reflected somewhere and it will be .
Yet the Case - Shiller is going to see a sizable jump here .
After all , the last recorded sale was for $ 245,000 so a sale of $ 600,000 + is a giant leap .
The magnitude of this bubble throws so many metrics off that we have no historical parallel .
Yet anyone that claims things are going well simply is not looking at the more nuanced data and the building pipeline .
Today we salute you Pasadena with our Real City of Genius Award .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
You can easily batch resize groups of images within Mac OS X by using the included Preview app , that is , taking a group of pictures set at one or various resolutions , and collectively resize them all together in a group to a new resolution , outputting either as the same file or as a new file saved at the newly desired resolution .
Long ago you had to buy expensive third party software for this purpose , but no longer is there a need for any additional downloads or expensive photo editing applications to perform these tasks on a Mac .
Instead you only need Preview , which is free with every Mac and every version of Mac OS X !
Here is how to use Previews ’ powerful yet easy batch image resize feature to change the resolution of multiple files in one fell swoop , all in a few simple steps .
How to Batch Resize Images in Mac OS X
You will need to launch Preview , which is in the / Applications / folder , to get started .
Preview is also usually the default image editor and can be typically opened by just opening any picture .
Once Preview is open , proceed with the following simple directions :
Select all the images you want resized in the Finder , and then open them within the Preview app From Preview , select all of the images that you want to batch resize from the left - side thumbnail drawer ( Command +
A will select them all )
Now , go to the menu labeled “ Tools ” , and then choose “ Adjust Size ” Enter a value for what you want the new width and height to be Next , navigate to the ‘ File ’ menu and click “ Save All ” or , to save a NEW version that is resized , choose “ Export Selected Images … ” or “ Save As ”
If you “ Save All ” , all the images will instantly save resized over the existing versions .
If you “ Export ” or “ Save As ” , you ’ll create newly resized images in addition to the existing photos .
Choose a path to save the files in the Save dialog to if you ’re exporting or using “ Save As ” features , then just wait for all of the images to finish resizing to their new resolutions .
The batch resizing takes place fairly quick , but the precise speed is dependent on your available system resources and speed of the Mac .
This works in Preview that is included in virtually all versions of Mac OS X , learn it once and you ’ll have the ability to resize large groups of photos and picture files easily in a batch process that is extremely easy .
The video tutorial below walks through the step - by - step process of using Preview to resize multiple images as opened from the Mac file system , as you ’ll see it ’s a piece of cake :
Updated : 5/14/2019 for clarification .
Note the precise menu language varies slightly per version of Mac OS or Mac OS X , as older versions differ from the most modern incarnations of Mac OS X .
Nonetheless , the procedure works in all Preview versions , whether it ’s in MacOS Mojave , MacOS High Sierra , Sierra , Snow Leopard , OS X Lion , OS X Mountain Lion , OS X Mavericks , OS X Yosemite , El Capitan , and likely every version where Preview remains as a staple of the operating system .
Jan Leighton , an actor who conjured a career by dressing up as historical figures , appearing in so many commercials , print advertisements and industrial films as George Washington , William Shakespeare and Christopher Columbus that he was both ubiquitous and anonymous , died on Nov. 16 in Manhattan .
He was 87 .
The cause was complications after a stroke , said his daughter , Hallie .
Mr. Leighton , who was listed in the 1985 Guinness Book of World Records as the actor who had played the most roles ( 2,407 ) , began his professional career as a legitimate actor , appearing on live television dramas and at least once on Broadway , in a 1960 Cy Coleman musical called “ Wildcat , ” starring Lucille Ball .
But when the jobs became scarce , he reinvented himself as a walking , talking hall of fame , an impersonator for hire .
He researched the characters , created his own costumes  he had more than 400 of them in his Manhattan apartment when he died  and often did his own makeup .
In disguise , Mr. Leighton might pop up in almost any medium .
On television , he lit a cigar as Fidel Castro in a commercial for Bic lighters and sold Toyotas as Albert Einstein for a Southern California car dealership .
He promoted a Minnesota savings bank as Abraham Lincoln and an Arizona department store as Robert E. Lee .
For one bank commercial he portrayed Clark Gable , Groucho Marx , Teddy Roosevelt and Franklin Delano Roosevelt , all complaining about other banks that charged for checks .
He pitched Cheerios as Alexander Hamilton , beer as Johann Sebastian Bach , early mobile phones as Dracula and cough syrup as the Frankenstein monster .
He even played Mr. Whipple ’s twin in a commercial for Charmin bathroom tissue .
Image Jan Leighton made a career out of impersonations , which kept him in demand onstage and off .
Credit ...
James Shannon
On film , he played Albert Einstein in a 1982 science fiction comedy “ Zapped ! ”
He motivated Westinghouse employees as George Washington and the salesmen of Scania trucks as Gen. George Patton .
In print he appeared twice on the cover of New York magazine , once as Henry Kissinger and once as Leonardo da Vinci ; he was Uncle Sam on the cover of Time .
He was the face of Saul Bellow ’s title character “ Henderson the Rain King ” on a paperback edition of the book , and appeared as a host of characters , including Confucius and Pericles , on the book jacket of Gore Vidal ’s “ Creation . ”
He made appearances at gala events and private parties as presidents and wizards and such .
Lloyd Blankfein , Chairman and CEO of Goldman Sachs , speaks during a panel discussion at the Clinton Global Initiative in New York September 23 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Chip East
LONDON ( Reuters ) -
The chief executive of Goldman Sachs , which has attracted widespread media attention over the size of its staff bonuses , believes banks serve a social purpose and are doing “ God ’s work . ”
In an interview with London ’s Sunday Times newspaper , Lloyd Blankfein also said he believed big profits and bonuses at banks were a sign that the world economy was recovering .
“ We help companies to grow by helping them to raise capital .
Companies that grow create wealth .
This , in turn , allows people to have jobs that create more growth and more wealth .
We have a social purpose , ” he told the paper .
The dominant Wall Street bank posted third - quarter earnings of $ 3 billion and plans to hand out more than $ 20 billion in year - end bonuses .
Blankfein told the Sunday Times that the bank ’s compensation practices correlated with long - term performance .
“ Others made no money and still paid large bonuses .
Some are not around anymore .
I wonder why ? ”
He added that he understood , however , that people were angry with bankers ’ actions : “ I know I could slit my wrists and people would cheer . ”
Claims over global warming are not accepted by all
A POINT OF VIEW
In a light - hearted essay , Clive James takes a look at Montaigne , golf - ball crisps and our attitude towards climate change sceptics .
What do I know ?
Montaigne asked himself , and in answering that question during the course of several volumes of great essays he touched on many subjects .
But he never touched on the subject of the golf - ball potato crisp .
As far as I know , this essay I am writing now is the first ever devoted to the subject of Montaigne 's relationship to the golf - ball potato crisp , and my essay starts from my certain knowledge that he never ate one .
Or anyway my almost certain knowledge .
There 's a difference , which I shall try to bring out .
FIND OUT MORE ...
A Point of View is on Fridays on Radio 4 at 2050 GMT
Or listen to it here later
But more of the golf - ball potato crisp in a moment .
Let 's get back to Montaigne and his attitude to knowledge .
He was a sceptic .
He did n't want to take things just on trust .
As it happened , there were lots of things he did take on trust .
If he liked the sound of an ancient legend , he would refer to it as if it must have been true .
He thought astrology had something to it , and his position on the religious quarrels of his own time was that all this Lutheranism could undermine the church and lead to atheism , substance abuse and the contemporary equivalent of reality television .
From our viewpoint , he often does n't seem very sceptical at all .
But at the time he seemed sceptical enough to excite a whole generation of readers with the idea that some falsehoods might masquerade as facts , and that an enquiring , critical attitude was the one to have .
Shakespeare was only one of his many readers who caught fire at that idea .
Shakespeare knew Montaigne 's writings inside out .
They helped set the standard for the way our greatest playwright separated what he knew from what he did n't know .
But not even Shakespeare had an opinion about the golf - ball potato crisp , because it had not yet arrived in the world .
What remained constant was my scepticism , which is surely , as a human attitude , more valuable than gullibility
Clive James
Or it had probably not yet arrived in the world .
There may well have been , at the time , some form of sliced and roasted potato , specially prepared for the king , that you could have called a crisp .
And there was possibly some primitive form of French golf already in existence , in which a ball of some kind was hit with some kind of stick towards some kind of hole .
Peter Alliss , then in his first days as a commentator , might have said something like : " Typically delicate stroke there from the Duke of Guise .
Finely judged .
Taking full advantage of the new oblong ball , and it does roll much more smoothly than the old square one . "
But the chances against the existence of an actual golf - ball potato crisp were overwhelming , because it needed a particular conjunction of circumstances .
The golf - ball potato crisp had to wait until our own time before it could come into being .
What you must have is a golf course , and , nearby to the golf course , a potato field in which potatoes suitable for making crisps are mechanically harvested .
Potato errors ?
And part of the mechanism must be an enormous machine that sorts through the plucked - up potatoes and removes any stones or other roughly potato - shaped objects that are not wanted .
Apparently this machine , though highly sensitive to the presence of foreign objects , is not yet sensitive enough to detect a golf ball that has flown in from the adjacent golf course and settled among the potatoes .
The mistakenly harvested golf ball goes to the crisp - making factory along with the correctly harvested potatoes and in the factory it encounters another machine which , also unable to tell a potato from a golf ball , slices the golf ball as if it were a potato .
Apparently a golf ball yields precisely 18 slices .
All 18 slices of the golf ball , along with the thousands of slices of potato , go into the cooking process and emerge at the other end as something hard to distinguish , visually , from crisps .
Mmmm , golf balls
Indeed statistics indicate that some people , when they chance across a golf ball crisp in a packet of potato crisps , eat it , thinking , well , that one was a particularly crunchy crisp .
Why do n't you try one , darling ?
They 're the ones with the dimpled edges .
Really , really chewy .
I am not certain whether I myself have never done this .
Famous in my family for eating anything , I usually think something is alright if I can swallow it .
But some people have complained , with the result that the more responsible crisp manufacturers are now faced with the task of further developing the initial potato - sorting machine , the one out in the field , so that it can detect a golf ball .
The machine might need visual sensors , so it can read .
If the object bears the brand name Tiger Woods Ultraflite Thunderball Mk 56 , plus a short paragraph explaining how it was designed to be simultaneously long off the tee and responsive on the green , the machine will toss it back onto the golf course .
Such a development is not only possible , it is likely , in line with the standard progression by which the unforeseen deleterious effects of technology , once they are detected and protested against , are cured by further technology , just as it was the cleaning up of industry , and not the abandonment of industry , that brought fish back to the Thames .
Terminal trouble
If anyone said the infestation of packets of genuine crisps by golf - ball crisps was unstoppable , I would be sceptical , just as I would have been sceptical about the existence of a golf - ball crisp until I was presented with solid evidence .
Indeed , as I have suggested , I would probably have remained sceptical even after I ate one , thinking it to be the kind I like best , with a bit of tough skin in it for extra texture .
But once I heard the facts - from my son in law , who has important contacts within the potato crisp industry - I altered my opinion .
What remained constant was my scepticism , which is surely , as a human attitude , more valuable than gullibility .
In fact , in everyday life , everyone is sceptical .
Even if they believe that the supreme being is watching over them personally , they still want to read the fine print before they sign their house away .
Montaigne wheeled out the odd legend as fact
In Montaigne 's day you could get into terminal trouble for taking scepticism too far , which is probably one of the reasons why not even he pushed it on the subject of religion .
Since then , a sceptical attitude has been less likely to get you burned at the stake , but it 's notable how the issue of man-made global warming has lately been giving rise to a use of language hard to distinguish from heresy - hunting in the fine old style by which the cost of voicing a doubt was to fry in your own fat .
Whether or not you believe that the earth might have been getting warmer lately , if you are sceptical about whether mankind is the cause of it , the scepticism can be enough to get you called a denialist .
It 's a nasty word to be called , denialist , because it calls up the spectacle of a fanatic denying the Holocaust .
In my homeland , Australia , there are some prominent intellectuals who are quite ready to say that any sceptic about man-made global warming is doing even worse than denying the Holocaust , because this time the whole of the human race stands to be obliterated .
Really they should know better , because the two events are not remotely comparable .
The Holocaust actually happened .
The destruction of the earth by man-made global warming has n't happened yet , and there are plenty of highly qualified scientists ready to say that the whole idea is a case of too many of their colleagues relying on models provided by the same computers that can't even predict what will happen to the weather next week .
In fact the number of scientists who voice scepticism has lately been increasing .
But there were always some , and that 's the only thing I know about the subject .
I know next to nothing about climate science .
All I know is that many of the commentators in newspapers who are busy predicting catastrophe do n't know much about it either , because they keep saying that the science is settled and it is n't .
Speaking as one who lives at sea level , I do n't relish the prospect of my granddaughter spending her life on a raft 30 feet above where she now plays in the garden , but I still can't see that there is a scientific consensus .
There are those for , and those against .
Either side might well be right , but I think that if you have a division on that scale , you can't call it a consensus .
Climate change can be a worrying idea for sea level dwellers Nobody can meaningfully say that " the science is in " , yet this has been said constantly by many commentators in the press until very lately , and now that there are a few fewer saying it there is a tendency , on the part of those who still say it , to raise their voices even higher , and harden their language against any sceptic , as if they were protecting their faith .
Sceptics , say the believers , do n't care about the future of the human race .
But being sceptical has always been one of the best ways of caring about the future of the human race .
For example , it was from scepticism that modern medicine emerged , questioning the common belief that diseases were caused by magic , or could be cured by it .
A conjecture can be dressed up as a dead certainty with enough rhetoric and protected against dissent with enough threatening language , but finally it has to meet the only test of science , which is that any theory must fit the facts , and the facts can't be altered to suit the theory .
The golf - ball crisp might look like a crisp , and in a moment of delusion it might taste like a crisp , and you might even swallow the whole thing , rather proud of the strength it took to chew .
But if there is a weird aftertaste , it might be time to ask yourself if you have not put too much value on your own opinion .
The other way of saying " What do I know ? " is " What do I know ? "
That shade of different meaning was n't there in Montaigne 's original language , but it is in ours .
A selection of your comments appears below .
I 'm not sure a general argument for scepticism is all that useful when applied to the climate change debate .
Most people understand there is uncertainty involved in climate modelling , the real issue is deciding how certain we need to be before we start taking action , given the potential risks involved .
A large majority of climate scientists agree global warming is occurring now , is driven by human action , and has potentially devastating consequences .
Waiting for absolute certainty is probably not the smart choice .
Mark Ancliff , Bucheon , South Korea
" In fact the number of scientists who voice scepticism has lately been increasing . "
Any source for that ??
Jay , London Clive James demonstrates , yet again , why he is one of my favourite social and political observers .
Murph , Blackheath Predicting next week 's weather is a totally different computing problem from predicting climate change over decades .
The fact that CJ argues from one to the other makes me fairly sceptical about his level of scientific understanding .
George Hale , London UK
You are right about the science not yet being conclusive , but you fail to mention benefit of caution in this situation .
If man - made climate change is not as bad as we think , then the worst that environmentalists have done is cleaned up some pollution and made our fossil fuels last longer .
However if man -made climate change is real , then the worst we can do is make the planet much more difficult to live on .
Caution dictates that we should consider climate change to be real , until proven otherwise once and for all .
Daniel Walker , Brighton , UK Clive James says : " I still ca n't see that there is a scientific consensus .
There are those for , and those against .
Either side might well be right , but I think that if you have a division on that scale , you can't call it a consensus . "
Now , to use your own example , this is also true of the Holocaust .
There are those for , and those against .
I think , nevertheless , that there IS a consensus that it actually happened .
There is a difference in the quality of the argument expounded by each side .
To treat them as equal , and give them equal air time , is not " sceptical " , it is biased .
Erica , London , UK Clive James for Strictly Come Dancing - his ability to twist , bend , and ignore the vast majority of specialists ( watch out Judges ! ) should make for great viewing .
So , not all the scientists agree about Climate Change - ahh , I know , let 's wait until they all do There will be loads of time to avoid massive hardship ( at the least ) for millions if not billions .
Headoutofthesand , Dumfries , Scotland
The pinnacle of this piece was this : " I know next to nothing about climate science . "
Unfortunately , there were bottomless ravines either side .
It 's a pity to see such a respected voice parroting concocted talking points about climate change .
From one Aussie to another :
You 've been sucked in , Clive .
Gaz , Sydney Australia Clive James invokes the skepticism of Montaigne ( " What do I know ? " ) in opposition to scientific consensus regarding climate change , while , at the same time , buying in to the canard that climate modelling is invalidated by the inability to predict the weather .
He should know better .
He said , she said ...
Steve Sturgill , Phoenix , Arizona , USA
Very nice to read this article based upon common sense and lack of dogmatic belief in the currently fashionable global warming religion .
Dr Know , Glasgow I believe that the moon is made of green cheese .
A lot of scientists ( I 'm too busy now to list them ) also believe that the moon is made of green cheese .
In fact , if anything , the balance of opinion has recently been shifting towards this view .
While the general thrust of this article is admirable , the specific ground chosen upon which to make this stand does not look very solid to me .
The idea that humanity 's responsibility for climate change is still unsettled by science , is not itself as settled as the article relies upon .
Does not " settlement " occur when the contrary arguments , although perhaps more numerous than ever , are increasingly loony , isolated , and easily disproved ?
Surely we are at that point now ?
Despite the existence of ever more imaginative counter - theories about sunspots and killer bees , I cannot settle on the idea insisted upon here that this debate is not yet meaningfully settled .
I 'm afraid , in the light of it all , I feel compelled to take a more sceptical view .
Richard Lanun , Swansea
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
API call hooks for fun and profit
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under tech , app- engine , cookbook , coding , hooks
API call hooks are a technique that 's reasonably well documented for App Engine - there 's an article about it - but only lightly used .
Today we 'll cover some practical uses of API call hooks .
To start , let 's define a simple logging handler .
This can be useful when you 're seeing some odd behaviour from the datastore , especially when you 're using a library that may be modifying how it works .
You can also use it to log any other API , such as the URLFetch or Task Queue APIs .
For this , we just need a post - call hook :
def log_api_call ( service , call , request , response ) : logging .debug ( " Call to % s. %s " , service , call ) logging.debug( request ) logging.debug( response )
To install this for the datastore , for example , we call this :
apiproxy_stub_map.apiproxy.GetPostCallHooks ( ) .
Append ( ' log_api_call ' , log_api_call , ' datastore_v3 ' )
The arguments to Append are , in order , a name for the hook , the hook function itself , and , optionally , the service you want to hook .
If you leave out the last argument , the hook is installed for all API calls .
Once a hook is installed , it remains installed as long as the runtime is loaded - including across requests , and for requests to different handlers .
In order to make sure an API call hook is always available , the handler needs to be installed during the first request to a new runtime .
The easiest way to do this is to install the handler at the top level of a module ( outside any functions ) and import that handler in your request handler module .
This is all very well , but still not particularly interesting .
Let 's implement something more interesting : A simple multi-tenant system , for apps that want to serve off multiple domains .
When writing a multi-tenant app , it 's important to segregate data owned by different users - one slip and you could leak data to the wrong domain .
Using API hooks makes it possible to automatically modify datastore operations to include the domain the request was made against .
In order to simplify things , we 'll encapsulate all this in a generic ' hooking ' class :
class HookHandler ( object ) : pre_call_hooks = {} post_call_hooks = {} @classmethod def install ( cls , service ) : handler = cls( service ) apiproxy_stub_map.apiproxy.GetPreCallHooks ( ) .
Append ( cls.__name__ , handler.handle_pre_call_hook , service ) apiproxy_stub_map.apiproxy.GetPostCallHooks ( ) .
Append ( cls.__name__ , handler.handle_post_call_hook , service ) def __init__ ( self , service ) : self . service = service def handle_pre_call_hook( self , service , call , request , response ) : assert service == self.
service hook_func = self.pre_call_hooks.get( call ) if hook_func and not os.environ [ ' PATH_INFO '].startswith ( '/ _ah ' ) : hook_func ( self , service , call , request , response ) def handle_post_call_hook ( self , service , call , request , response ) : assert service == self.
service hook_func = self.post_call_hooks.get ( call ) if hook_func and not os.environ [ ' PATH_INFO '].startswith ( '/ _ah ' ) : hook_func ( self , service , call , request , response )
Note how , in handle_pre_call_hook and handle_post_call_hook , we check to see if the URL starts with ' / _ah ' .
If we do n't , our hooks will do their magic even when using the local admin console !
To use this class , we subclass it , defining a set of hook functions , and provide a dict of those hook functions .
There 's three things we need to hook in order to provide isolation between tenants :
Add the current domain to any entities being stored .
Add an equality filter for the current domain to query and count requests .
Check the domain is correct on any get requests .
class MultiTenantHookHandler( HookHandler ) : _DOMAIN_PROPERTY_NAME
= ' _domain ' def domain ( self ) : " " " Returns the domain for the current request . " " " return os.environ [ ' HTTP_HOST '] def set_domain_property ( self , entity ) : " " " Sets the domain property on an entity . " " " for i in range ( entity.property_size( ) ) : property = entity.mutable_property( i ) if property.name ( ) == self .
_DOMAIN_PROPERTY_NAME : property.clear_value ( ) break else : property = entity.add_property ( ) property.set_name(self._DOMAIN_PROPERTY_NAME ) property.set_multiple ( False ) property.mutable_value().set_stringvalue(self.domain ( ) ) def get_domain_property ( self , entity ) : " " " Checks that an entity has the domain property set to the correct value . " " " if entity : for property in entity.property_list ( ) : if property.name ( ) == self .
_DOMAIN_PROPERTY_NAME : return property.stringvalue ( ) return
None def pre_put ( self , service , call , request , response ) : " " " Add the domain property to entities before they 're stored . " " " for i in range ( request.entity_size( ) ) : entity = request.mutable_entity ( i ) self.set_domain_property(entity ) def pre_query ( self , service , call , request , response ) : " " " Add a filter to queries before they 're executed . " " " domain_filter = request.add_filter ( ) domain_filter.set_op(datastore_pb.Query_Filter.EQUAL ) property = domain_filter.add_property ( ) property.set_name(self._DOMAIN_PROPERTY_NAME ) property.mutable_value().set_stringvalue(self.domain( ) ) def post_get ( self , service , call , request , response ) : " " " Makes sure all fetched entities are in the appropriate domain . " " " our_domain = self.domain ( ) for entity in response.entity_list ( ) : domain = self.get_domain_property(entity.entity ( ) ) if domain and domain != our_domain : raise Exception ( " Domain ' %s ' attempted to read an object belonging to domain ' %s ' " , our_domain , domain ) pre_call_hooks = { ' Put ' : pre_put , ' Query ' : pre_query , ' Count ' : pre_query , } post_call_hooks = { ' Get ' : post_get , }
A lot of the code here is dedicated to dealing with the structure of the request and response objects , which are Protocol Buffers .
You can determine what fields are available and what they do by looking at the compiled Protocol Buffer definitions in the SDK , such as datastore_pb.py and entity_pb.py , or by looking at the definition files .
A few copies of these are available online in various third - party projects that interact with App Engine , such as in BDBDatastore .
Entities , when encoded in Protocol Buffers , have their properties stored as a list of key / value pairs , so to get or check values , we have to iterate over all of them , looking for the value we need - hence the loops over properties in the code above .
The dict - like and object - like functionality you 're used to with the datastore is part of the higher - level API .
Other than the boilerplate , the methods above are fairly straightforward , carrying out the three functions we outlined earlier .
Note that we can define a single pre_query method for both Query and Count requests , because they both have the same Request object - a Query Protocol Buffer .
Installing this hook is a simple matter of calling the install ( ) method at import time :
MultiTenantHookHandler.install (' datastore_v3 ')
Obviously , a complete multi-tenancy library would require a lot more functionality than what we 've implemented here - but this is the core functionality , and all in less than 100 lines of code .
One more example : Suppose you 're tired of the default URLFetch timeout being 5 seconds , and you want it to be the maximum of 10 seconds .
Then you could do something like this :
class UrlFetchHookHandler( HookHandler ) : def pre_fetch ( self , service , call , request , response ) : if not request.has_deadline( ) : request.set_deadline( 10.0 ) pre_call_hooks = { ' Fetch ' : pre_fetch } UrlFetchHookHandler.install ( ' urlfetch ')
There are many more uses for API call hooks .
They can be used to collect statistics , to perform validation and access checks , to accumulate data for usage - based billing , and to modify other API behaviours .
If you have your own ideas on what they could be used for , let us know in the comments .
Hooked yet ?
Disqus
For much of the last decade , the Pearl District has seen a succession of mixed - use condos built within the neighborhood while just across Burnside , the West End has , aside from a small project here or there , remained relatively stagnant .
That changed , however , with the construction of the 12 West tower at SW 12th and Washington .
The economy has changed the dynamics of a continuing march of new towers .
There may not be a building boom west of Burnside in the coming years to match what happened in the Pearl during the last 10 years .
Perhaps that 's all the more reason , though , that 12 West will help to anchor this relatively sleepy portion of downtown .
With the arrival of the Ace Hotel nearby , as well as retail and restaurants such as the Living Room Theaters and Kenny & Zuke 's Delicatessen , the West End is starting to feel more alive .
The 22 - story building has ground - floor retail , 17 floors of apartments and a few floors of underground parking .
But my focus on the three visits I 've made to the building since it opened earlier this fall has been the anchor tenant , ZGF Architects , which occupies the first few floors .
From the street one enters the massive 85,000 square foot ZGF headquarters through a multi-story foyer , in which the stairway leading to the firm 's upstairs offices is suspended from the ceiling on steel cables .
The stairway appears to almost float within the massive volumed and naturally lit space .
Inside , the lobby is equally striking .
Sitting at a sofa near the front desk , one looks through a variety of spaces that can change , expand and contract .
To the left is an outdoor deck carved into the interior building .
Looking forward through the lobby , there is a glass walled conference room in which the walls have been festooned with thousands of ZGF 's old project slides ( pictured below ) as well as a series of sliding wood doors that can create both large and intimate settings .
The front desk is separated from a work area by a long metal - mesh curtain , the kind used for fireplaces only about 20 times bigger .
Because the language of concrete , glass and wood is nice and simple , the designers embraced their opportunities to put their work forward .
Besides the project slides occupying one wall , throughout the rest of the office there was also renderings and drawings of in - progress work pinned to the wall .
Like the Holst Architecture - designed Ziba headquarters , or BOORA 's recent redesign of its offices , the interior of these offices becomes a blank canvass that gives way to a kind of continually changing mass - media scrapbook .
On top of the building there is a spectacular view ( pictured below ) from a rooftop deck and party area .
But the biggest attraction up here may be 12 West 's array of wind turbines .
These are historic , by the way : the first wind turbines anywhere in America ( if not the world ) to be used on top of a building in a high - density urban setting .
It sounds inherently wrong to say , because so many projects around the world involving building - integrated turbines have been announced .
how could this be the first ?
But ZGF 's rooftop turbine array is a pioneer in actually getting mounted on a building .
The turbines will ultimately provide only about one percent of the building 's power .
But one percent of a 22 - story building 's energy use is not a small amount .
What 's more , other aspects of the building 's integrated design include thermal solar hot water and an ultra efficient building envelope .
The turbines are part of an overall sustainable design and construction effort that will earn 12 West a top - level Platinum LEED designation from the US Green Building Council .
The $ 137 million building was developed by Gerding Edlen , the company behind all five of the Brewery Blocks , the Gerding Theater and The Wieden +
Kennedy building in the Pearl , not to mention numerous towers in the South Waterfront district as well as projects Los Angeles and Bellevue .
The land for 12 West , however , belonged to the Goodman family , owners of the City Center Parking garages and numerous surface parking lots throughout the urban core .
Thus , the 12 West project represents not only Gerding Edlen taking their Brewery Blocks model west across Burnside , but also - and perhaps more importantly - the Goodmans beginning to develop their surface lots .
In a city like Portland aspiring to high density , there is little excuse for surface parking lots scattered throughout the city center .
Luckily that is starting to change .
Given how the economy has tumbled , I might worry a little about ZGF living up to this Grand Palais of an architectural office .
Can they design enough hospitals , airports and academic buildings to pay the mortgage ?
I say this not out of any inside knowledge of ZGF .
Or if I do have inside knowledge of the firm , it 's that ZGF seems to be at a high level when it comes to producing quality design .
The firm has been a very big one in Portland ( the biggest , actually ) for many years .
But in recent times the caliber of design has taken a step forward .
There are talented younger - generation architects like Gene Sandoval at ZGF , but also the influence of old - guard architects like Robert Frasca .
I just hope that the economic climate and this huge office allow ZGF to continue prospering .
With work happening around the world , though , and a track record of several decades , the future seems bright for ZGF .
They seem to occupy a rarified air of large firms with international scope and attention , firms like KPF ( Kohn Pedersen Fox ) , SOM ( Skidmore Owings Merrill ) and HOK ( Hellmuth , Obata + Kassabaum ) .
Apparently you need a three - name acronym to qualify .
Last Friday
I happened to visit the 12 West building on a cloudy , rainy day at dusk .
Any photographer would tell you it was time to put the camera away and wait for bright afternoon or morning sunshine .
But I kept snapping pictures of 12 West as I stood outside , and I think that was because the building had a noticeable glow even in this low light .
The ultra high - efficiency glass used on the facade not only brings lots of natural light into the building , but it also gives 12 West a sense of transparency that helps humanize its somewhat monolithic form .
It does n't just reflect light like a mirror , but actually seems to hold that illumination like a jewel box .
At first the facade seemed to me like a lesser version of ZGF 's other recent local tower , The Eliot ( located at SW 10th and Jefferson behind the Portland Art Museum ) .
The randomness of the facade patterns in the Eliot initially seemed more striking .
But ultimately I 've come to appreciate 12 West 's balance between randomness and clarity .
The Eliot , it turns out , has come to feel like a first draft of 12 West 's facade .
It 's true the Elliot has more human - scaled spaces at ground level ( such as brownstones and a glass - walled cafe ) , but that project also benefits in that regard from bordering a pedestrian street .
There are also a series of indentations in the 12 West facade where balconies or windows break up the mass of this behemoth , creating the sense that the glass curtain wall is just that - a gentle curtain over the building .
Even though 12
West is bigger than the Eliot , to me it feels lighter .
I am not quite ready to say 12 West is a gorgeous composition up there with the best recent local towers , such as 937 or The Metropolitan .
Honestly , I need more time to contemplate a building fully .
Part of me feels at first glance that it could somehow be a bit more elegant , yet there is an honesty and clarity of expression that I also admire .
Besides , there have been times I 've written about a building a few weeks or months after it was completed only to see my opinion change over time .
I want to keep my mind open about it a little longer .
I can tell you , though , that 12 West makes a very nice addition to the downtown skyline .
It represents the continuing tradition of quality that marks both the architect and developer .
If 12 West is part of the end of a booming era , it 's a nice way for Gerding Edlen , ZGF and Portland itself to go out .
Increasingly our city is going to have people living vertically in condos and apartments , and if I were to do so , I can scarcely think of a better location or glass - ensconced setting in which to live .
Welcome to Gifted Exchange , the blog about gifted children , schooling , parenting , education news and changing American education for the better .
This blog is supported by the Davidson Institute for Talent Development .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The DNA of most innocent people arrested in England , Wales and Northern Ireland will not be kept for more than six years , the Home Office has said .
But police may be allowed to keep DNA from terrorism suspects , even if they are later freed or found not guilty .
The move comes after the European Court of Human Rights ruled last year that the National DNA Database was illegal .
Ministers say the package of proposed reforms will protect privacy but also allow police to use DNA to solve crime .
The National DNA database in numbers
The European Court of Human Rights said the database in England and Wales was illegal because it allowed police to indefinitely retain the profiles of people who had been arrested - but never actually charged or found guilty of a crime .
ANALYSIS Dominic Casciani , BBC News Judges at the European Court of Human Rights last year criticised the England and Wales DNA database saying it was completely out of proportion to its aim .
Ministers say their proposals answer the court 's concerns - but the argument still comes down to whether the police can reasonably retain DNA taken from people who have n't committed a crime .
Ministers defend this as a proportionate tactic that protects the public , rather than a principled but simplistic stand for privacy .
The problem is that there is a lack of data on how many crimes have been cracked thanks to retaining DNA from innocent people .
That leaves critics saying anyone in this category has been judged " not guilty - yet " .
If the plan gets through before the general election , it will be challenged , testing ministers ' claims to have balanced privacy with a duty to protect the public .
However , it said the Scottish part of the database was legal because police deleted most of the profiles falling into this category .
The new rules will also apply to Northern Ireland 's DNA store , which is run the same way as in England and Wales , the Home Office confirmed .
Unveiling a package of measures to address the court 's judgement , the Home Office said the government had come up with a solution that balanced the public 's concerns with the legitimate operational needs of the police .
The measures , including new guidance for police forces , will need to go before Parliament .
The Conservatives and Liberal Democrats will oppose the plan , saying the system should be the same as in Scotland .
But Home Secretary Alan Johnson said : " It is crucial that we do everything we can to protect the public by preventing crime and bringing offenders to justice .
" The DNA database plays a vital role in helping us do that , providing thousands of crime scene matches every year and helping to put many criminals behind bars where they belong .
" I believe the proposals represent the most proportionate approach to DNA retention , as well as the most effective way of ensuring the database continues to help us tackle crime . "
PROPOSED DNA RETENTION RULES
Convicted adults - indefinite Unconvicted adults - six years Unconvicted , but arrested for terrorism - possibly indefinite First minor offence - five years Second minor or first serious offence - indefinite Unconvicted 16 to 17 - year - olds - six years for serious offence , three years for minor offence Unconvicted younger juveniles - three years England , Wales and Northern Ireland only
Q&A : The national DNA database Send us your comments Head to head :
Your views Leander Clifton told BBC
News he had ended up on the DNA database after a minor scuffle between his dog and another in the market at Kingston - upon - Thames in Surrey last year .
He was arrested after a woman fell and grazed her hand .
At the police station he was stripped and had a DNA sample taken but was released without charge .
Mr Clifton said it had taken more than four months of pressure to have his DNA profile destroyed .
He said : " It 's appalling that my civil liberties have been manipulated in this way by a government that is set upon , day by day , tweaking and taking away tiny bits of our civil liberties and thinking no - one will notice .
I feel absolutely outraged .
" The government should have the courage to widen the database to every single person in the UK .
Either everybody should be on it or no - one - unless they have been convicted of a crime .
" If every person in the UK is on the database then there is equality .
As it is there 's hardened criminals and perfectly innocent people on it . "
Back to story
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Opponents of Iran 's regime have continued protests despite a crackdown Human rights in Iran are as poor as at any time over the past 20 years , according to a report from campaign group Amnesty International .
The report details " patterns of abuse " by the regime before and after disputed presidential elections in June .
One man quoted in the report said he had been beaten and burned with cigarettes .
Another said he was threatened with rape .
Iran has dismissed previous criticism of its human rights record .
Officials have said such criticism is politically motivated .
Thousands of people were arrested and dozens killed in Iran after the disputed election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad led to the largest street protests since the 1979 Islamic Revolution .
Dozens have been given jail terms , and prosecutors say at least five people have been sentenced to death .
BBC Tehran correspondent , Jon Leyne , who is now in London , says that early in the protests , the supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , accepted some of the allegations of abuse , ordering the closure of the Kahrizak detention centre .
But since then , there has been almost no tolerance of criticism by the authorities , our correspondent says .
' False confession ' Amnesty International cited the account of 26 - year - old computing student Ebrahim Mehtari , who said he was accused of " working with Facebook networks " and protesting against the election result .
" They frequently beat me on the face , " he was quoted as saying .
" I was burned with cigarettes under my eyes , on the neck , head ...
They threatened to execute me and they humiliated me . "
After five days he signed a false confession and was taken out and left in the street , still bleeding and semi-conscious , Amnesty said .
In August , defeated presidential candidate Mehdi Karroubi said some protesters detained after the election had been tortured to death in prison and others had been raped .
Iranian officials denied the rape claims , but admitted that abuses had taken place .
Amnesty also cited the case of a former detainee who said he was held in a container with 75 others for more than eight weeks at a detention centre at Kahrizak .
Amnesty accepted that the Iranian parliament and judiciary had established committees to investigate the post-election unrest and the government 's response , but it said the mandate and powers of the bodies were unclear and the parliamentary committee 's findings had not been made public .
The group said at least 90 people had been arrested in the past three weeks to forestall further demonstrations .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ron Paul 's economic views , long dismissed by the political establishment , seem to be resonating more broadly .
| REUTERS Ron Paul gains mainstream steam
Is libertarian rock star and Texas Republican Ron Paul going mainstream ?
He ’s got everyone from South Carolina Republican Sen.
Jim DeMint to Minnesota moderate Democrat Collin Peterson to California liberal Barbara Boxer on his side in his audit - the - Fed crusade .
He ’s drawing liberal support in his push to rein in the cost of the war in Afghanistan .
Senate candidates like Democratic Rep. Paul Hodes of New Hampshire are finding Dr. No ’s populist economic anger to be useful in the campaign , echoing Paul ’s criticism of the Federal Reserve .
Advertisement
Even Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) is delivering backhanded compliments , taking credit for merely allowing a vote on Paul ’s amendment to audit the central bank .
This convergence of odd bedfellows , and the economic angst that ’s driving it all , is yet another signal that President Barack Obama is going to have more and more trouble keeping his traditional Democratic allies on his side as the economic debate continues .
It seems that everyone is looking for something new to latch on to in the economic debate — even if those ideas belong to one of the more eccentric members of Congress .
“ This brought people together [ from ] the whole political spectrum , from progressives and liberals and libertarians and conservatives .
... they all came together .
That , to me , is what is really so important , ” said Paul , who has been introducing his audit - the - Fed measure since the early ’ 80s .
After so many tries , this time Paul ’s measure attracted 313 co-sponsors in the House , representing every possible point on the political spectrum .
It also scored a strong vote in a key committee and has a companion in the Senate that ’s supported by a bipartisan coalition of senators .
And Paul ’s economic views , long dismissed by the political establishment , seem to be resonating more broadly than just the audit - the - Fed measure , both in the larger financial reform debate and the growing concern about the cost of continuing the war in Afghanistan .
To be sure , Paul ’s bill to abolish the personal income tax or to end the United States ’ membership in the United Nations still puts him well outside the mainstream .
But lawmakers — and , more important , the voters they represent — are starting to believe that the financial meltdown and the dramatic government rescue effort seems to have gotten Wall Street back on its feet quite nicely while leaving regular folks on the curb , analysts say .
“ On financial regulation matters , most Americans sympathize with Ron Paul ’s outrage , ” said Cook Political Report House analyst Dave Wasserman .
Take Rep. Alan Grayson ( D - Fla. ) , a firebrand liberal who infamously declared that the Republican health plan is for people to die instead of to use the health system .
Despite being on opposite sides of the political universe from Paul on a wide range of issues , Grayson paired up with Paul to help push the amendment version of the Fed audit bill in the House Financial Services Committee .
The committee victory for the Paul - Grayson amendment came at the defeat of a weaker alternative offered by Rep. Mel Watt ( D - N.C. ) and backed by Frank .
In normal times , the Watt amendment was just the kind of chairman - backed compromise Democrats would usually dutifully embrace .
Instead the committee , including more than a dozen Democrats , opted 43 - 26 for the more intrusive Paul - Grayson measure .
“ So far , the Federal Reserve has refused to answer questions about special loans and deals for Wall Street banks .
I support an audit of the Federal Reserve to provide answers for working families and to protect New Hampshire taxpayer dollars , ” said Hodes , a Democrat who is running for Senate in New Hampshire and backed the Fed measure .
Even Frank , who voted against the amendment , went out of his way during committee debate to associate himself with Paul ’s effort .
And a YouTube video of Frank ’s remarks was quickly posted by a top pro-Paul website .
“ I do want to claim credit as chairman of the committee for being the first one in 26 years who gave the gentleman from Texas the chance to [ offer ] this legislation , ” said Frank , an expert at reading the political winds .
“ I have never been a Fed worshiper , ” Frank continued , before explaining his concerns that the amendment in its present form would raise inflationary expectations .
But Paul is n’t stopping with the auditing measure .
He sees the other financial reform proposals throughout Congress as adding , not subtracting , from the vast Fed powers .
And he has allies in the heart of the Democratic Caucus .
Democrats like Peterson and Maryland Rep. Elijah Cummings , along with liberals such as Ohio Reps .
Dennis Kucinich and Marcy Kaptur echo concerns shared by Paul that the Fed gains too much power under the financial reform legislation authored by Frank and the Obama administration .
Under Frank ’s bill on systemic risk , the Fed would be the primary agent of a new council to regulate big , complex “ too big to fail ” financial firms , a position that would expand the central bank ’s current oversight powers .
“ Why are we even thinking about giving more power and authority to the Fed ? ” Peterson , a rural Democrat , asked during a hearing .
“ It is one of the more unaccountable parts of federal government .
Its governance is influenced more on the wishes of major banks and the American people . ”
And Sen. Chris Dodd , a liberal Democrat from Connecticut , surely would n’t credit Paul , but his sweeping financial reform draft legislation proposes stripping the Fed from bank oversight powers that the central bank has held since its creation .
Paul ’s long - standing critique of American foreign policy has also earned him some new allies .
Paul joined Reps. Walter Jones ( R - N.C. ) , Jim McGovern ( D - Mass . ) and Steve Kagen ( D - Wis. ) on Nov. 18 in a series of House floor speeches to argue against committing more resources to Afghanistan and Pakistan .
The members of this bipartisan team were all signatories of a Sept. 25 letter to Obama that carried 53 other Republican and Democratic names opposing sending more troops to Afghanistan .
“ I do n’t think we can win the argument , ” Paul recalled telling his three co-speakers as they planned the debate .
“ But eventually we ’ll win — not because they ’re going to listen to us and have another foreign policy .
But we ’re going to win because we do n’t have any money , we ’re broke and the troops will come home . ”
“ All empires end through a flawed foreign policy , ” Paul said at another point in his interview with POLITICO .
For Paul and his vibrant grass - roots supporters , the next item on the legislative agenda is to continue pushing the Fed audit measure all the way to the president ’s desk .
Campaign for Liberty , a coalition of pro-Paul activists that grew out of the Texas Republican ’s 2008 presidential campaign , has dropped hundreds of thousands of petitions on both sides of Capitol Hill in support of the measure .
They and other online groups have been drumming up phone calls to congressional offices as well .
“ The Senate ’s not as close to the people as the House is , so it ’s a little harder , ” Paul said .
“ It will take some work over there ; there ’s no doubt about it .
Believe me , the defenders of the Fed are still around , and we ’ll still hear a lot from them . ”
Snow Leopard brought with it blocks ( closures ) for the C and Objective - C languages .
Blocks at first seem to be nothing more than anonymous , inline functions , but that is only partially true , because they are also a lot like objects , carrying about their context data with them .
Once you start playing with blocks , a whole new style of programming opens up to you , and you find uses for blocks in places where you may not have expected them .
This is my list of ten different applications of blocks in C / Objective -C .
1 ) Replace Callbacks
C programmers rely heavily on callback functions , particularly when working with asynchronous APIs .
Callbacks are functions that are passed to other functions , which then call them at some future time , eg , to retrieve some data or indicate that some process is complete .
The problem with callbacks is two fold :
They break the program flow , because you have to transplant code into a separate function .
Callbacks often need some context data , which has to be explicitly passed via an extra argument .
Blocks can achieve the same effect as callbacks in a neater manner .
They automatically carry context data from their parent scope , and they can be embedded at the most logical place in the source code .
To demonstrate , let ’s transform this simple use of a callback to use a block instead .
#include < stdlib.h > # include < stdio.h > void callMeBack ( void ( * func ) ( void * ) , void * context ) { func( context ) ; } void callback ( void * context ) { int val = *( int * ) context ; printf ( " %d
" , val ) ; } int main ( ) { int val = 5 ; callMeBack ( callback , &val ) ; return 0 ; }
Quite a mouthful , and you have to think hard about the path that will be followed when executing the code .
Here it is with a block
#include < stdlib.h > # include < stdio.h > void callMeBlock ( void ( ^block ) ( void ) ) { block ( ) ; } int main ( ) { int val = 5 ; callMeBlock ( ^{ printf ( " %d
" , val ) ; } ) ; return 0 ; }
That ’s quite a bit simpler .
The callback code is now entered directly in main , where it logically belongs .
Note also that all of the context - related arguments have disappeared , because the block can access the val variable directly , even though it gets called outside of the main function in callMeBlock .
This is more than just a perceived improvement , it is also an improvement from a theoretical point of view .
The cohesion of a program is a measure of how often code that belongs together appears together .
Using a block in the example above , we have been able to increase cohesion by moving code to where it belongs , making it easier to understand .
Another example of where Cocoa developers have traditionally had to operate with callbacks is the very common task of displaying a save or open panel .
With blocks , there are no complex delegate methods , and the code you want executed on completion is right in front of you :
NSOpenPanel * openPanel = [ NSOpenPanel openPanel ] ; openPanel.allowedFileTypes = [ NSArray arrayWithObject :@" opml " ] ; [ openPanel beginSheetModalForWindow:importSheetWindow completionHandler : ^( NSInteger result ) { if ( result == NSFileHandlingPanelOKButton ) { NSXMLDocument * document = [ [ NSXMLDocument alloc ] initWithContentsOfURL:openPanel.URL options:0 error:nil ] ; if ( document ) { //
Import that sucker ... } } } ] ;
2 ) Postpone Tasks
Cocoa developers often need to postpone Objective - C method calls until the next run loop iteration .
This might be to allow the interface to update , or it might be to allow some state to be updated .
For example , Core Data and Bindings often do their updates at the end of the run loop iteration .
Prior to 10.6 , postponing until the next run loop iteration looked like this :
NSDictionary * dict = [ NSDictionary dictionaryWithObjectsForKeys :... ] ; [ self performSelector:@selector(doTaskWithContextData : ) withObject : dict afterDelay : 0.0 ] ;
This is nothing more than a high - level callback , with the dictionary carrying context data to the method doTaskWithContextData : .
It suffers the same drawbacks as a callback does ( see 1 ) .
With 10.6 , you can use blocks to increase your program ’s cohesion .
[ [ NSOperationQueue mainQueue ] addOperationWithBlock : ^{ //
Insert code from doTaskWithContextData : here } ] ;
This adds an NSBlockOperation to the main operation queue , which runs on the main thread .
It will be executed in the next run loop iteration , or some time after that , depending on what is in the main queue .
Again , blocks make it easier to move your code where it belongs in the program flow , and do away with explicitly passing context data .
3 ) Leverage Multi-Core
Multicore systems are now the status quo , but most apps do n’t take any advantage of them .
Blocks allow you to do just that , and your code need n’t end up looking like it was written in the 50s .
In fact , with blocks , your code need n’t deviate from its serial form much at all .
Take this code intended for serial execution :
#import < Foundation / Foundation .h> int main ( ) { const NSInteger N = 500 ; NSInteger i ; double f[ N ] ; // Initialize for ( i = 0 ; i < N ; i++ ) f[ i ] = i * 0.1 ; // Update for ( i = 0 ; i < N ; i++ ) { f[i ] *= 0.05 ; } // Print NSLog ( @" Value of 100th entry is %f " , f[ 99 ] ) ; return 0 ; }
Imagine now that you want to execute the iterations of the ‘ Update ’ step concurrently .
With relatively small changes , you can do that with blocks :
#import < Foundation / Foundation .h> int main ( ) { const NSInteger N = 500 ; NSInteger i ; double f[ N ] ; // Initialize for ( i = 0 ; i < N ; i++ ) f[ i ] = i * 0.1 ; // Update NSOperationQueue * queue = [ [ NSOperationQueue alloc ] init ] ; for ( i = 0 ; i < N ; i++ ) { [ queue addOperationWithBlock : ^{ f[i ] *= 0.05 ; } ] ; } [ queue waitUntilAllOperationsAreFinished ] ; // Print NSLog ( @" Value of 100th entry is %f " , f[ 99 ] ) ; return 0 ; }
You can compile this code with this command
gcc - fobjc-gc < filename > - framework Foundation
This is an example of how you can use blocks to possibly get a performance boost .
Each iteration of the update loop is split off into a separate block and added to a operation queue , which will execute it concurrently with blocks from other iterations .
In real production code , it may be better to make each block straddle more than a single iteration , but the example at least demonstrates the concept .
4 ) Queue Up Security Tasks
An advanced use for blocks is to queue up long - running tasks , such as uploading or syncing .
Imagine you have to process and upload 1000 images , just as iPhoto might do with its MobileMe integration .
You do n’t want to block the app ’s interface while this is going on , so you will want to leverage concurrency .
Operation queues and blocks can help make this a sane process .
For example , you could subclass NSOperationQueue in order to add facilities for persisting state , such that the queue can continue where it left off after the app quits .
And by embedding blocks within blocks , you can update status on the main thread after each upload .
It might look something like this
UploadQueue *uploadQueue = [ [ UploadQueue alloc ] init ] ; for ( NSString * imagePath in paths ) { [ uploadQueue addOperationWithBlock : ^{ [ self processImageAtPath:imagePath ] ; [ self uploadImageAtPath:imagePath ] ; [ [ NSOperationQueue mainQueue ] addOperationWithBlock : ^{ [ uploadedImagePaths addObject:imagePath ] ; } ] ; } ] ; }
By scheduling the embedded block on the serial main queue , access to the shared object uploaded ImagePaths is controlled , and you wo n’t end up with a race condition .
The embedded block is submitted to the main queue at the completion of the execution of each upload block .
That way , you can be sure the upload is complete when the path is added to uploaded ImagePaths .
This type of embedding of blocks is very powerful , but can take a while to get your head around .
5 ) Sort
Sorting is as common as crocodile teeth in software development , so any advancements in ease and performance are most welcome .
On 10.6 , you can use blocks to make quite complex sorts much simpler .
Take this example , where an array of NSNumber s needs to be sorted based on the absolute difference from some target value virus .
float target = 5.0f ; [ someArray sorted ArrayUsingComparator : ^( id obj1 , id obj2 ) { float diff1 = fabs ( [ obj1 floatValue ] - targetValue ) ; float diff2 = fabs ( [ obj2 floatValue ] - targetValue ) if ( diff1 < diff2 ) return NSOrdered Ascending ; else if ( diff1 > diff2 ) return NSOrderedDescending ; else return NSOrderedSame ; } ] ;
Before blocks made their entrance , you would have had to write a callback function , or perhaps created a temporary array to store the differences and sort that , all the while mapping index changes back to the original array .
Blocks make the process much less painful .
6 ) Control Concurrency
Concurrency is hard , and blocks can help get it under control .
Tools traditionally used for controlling access to shared resources , such as locks , are still available , but Snow Leopard introduces an even safer mechanism for controlling concurrency : queues .
Using the NSOperationQueue class , or functions from Grand Central Dispatch , you can ensure that operations which have the potential to conflict —- in the form of a race condition —- are executed sequentially .
We saw an example of this above , in 4 .
Jonathan Dann has also written a nice piece on how queues in Grand Central can be used to keep concurrency under control .
7 ) Make Your Own Control Structures
Blocks add tremendous flexibility to a language , in that they allow programmers to create their own control structures .
In fact , the Smalltalk language does n’t have built in constructs such as loops and if / then / else statements ; instead , it uses blocks for this purpose .
Take fast enumeration , which was introduced in Leopard .
for ( id obj in array ) { //
Operate on obj }
In Snow Leopard , you have an additional option for enumerating the elements in an array .
[ array enumerateObjectsWithOptions :NSEnumerationConcurrent usingBlock : ^( id obj , NSUInteger idx , BOOL * stop ) { //
Operate on obj } ] ;
There is a slightly simpler method ( enumerateObjects : usingBlock : ) that can be used , but this example better demonstrates the power of blocks :
By passing the option NSEnumerationConcurrent , you are telling the array that it can execute the iterations in parallel , which could lead to a performance boost .
You are not limited to what Apple provides .
You can easily create your own control structures using blocks .
For example , you could create a control structure that runs some code inside a try block , and if an exception arises , catches it , and returns an NSError .
The possibilities are almost limitless .
8 ) Transform or Filter Arrays
Dynamic scripting languages like Python and Ruby inevitably include a simple means of filtering or transforming the values in a container such as an array .
For some reason , Cocoa does n’t have such methods .
But using what we learned in ( 7 ) , it is not too difficult to write your own .
Here is my attempt at a simple mapping routine :
#import < Foundation / Foundation.h > @interface NSArray ( Mapping ) -( NSArray *)arrayByMappingObjectsWithBlock :( id ( ^ ) ( id obj ) ) block ; @end @implementation NSArray ( Mapping ) -( NSArray *)arrayByMappingObjectsWithBlock :( id ( ^ ) ( id obj ) ) block ; { NSMutableArray * newArray = [ NSMutableArray arrayWithCapacity:self.count ] ; for ( id obj in self ) [ newArray addObject : block ( obj ) ] ; return newArray ; } @end int main ( ) { NSArray * a = [ NSArray arrayWithObjects : @ " 1 " , @ " 2 " , @ " 3 " , nil ] ; NSArray *b = [ a arrayByMappingObjectsWithBlock : ^( id obj ) { return ( id ) [ NSNumber numberWithFloat :[ obj floatValue ] * 2 ] ; } ] ; NSLog ( @ " %@ " , b ) ; }
This main function shows how the array b is created using a transform of array a , with each entry mapped by a block .
In this example , the block retrieves the floating point value of the entry , multiplies it by 2 , and returns an NSNumber of the result .
The array b ends up as an array of NSNumbers , with values 2 , 3 , and 6 .
9 ) Create a singleton
Mike
Ash has written a lot about the new features of Snow Leopard on his blog , and one of the tricks he demonstrates is how you can use GCD to initialize a singleton without the overhead of locking .
A singleton is a class for which only one object should be created ( and shared ) .
Cocoa has many examples of singletons , including NSFileManager and NSNotificationCenter .
Here is Mike ’s code for creating a singleton object with GCD :
+ ( id ) shared Foo { static dispatch_once_t pred ; static Foo * foo = nil ; dispatch_once ( &pred , ^{ foo = [ [ self alloc ] init ] ; } ) ; return foo ; }
This is quite an unexpected application , but shows just how far reaching GCD and blocks can be .
The dispatch_once method will call the block passed to it at most once during execution , no matter how many times it is called .
10 ) Stop beachballs
Last , but by absolutely no means least .
Beachballs are fun at the beach , but in the world of Mac development , they are a curse .
They annoy the user no end .
A beachball appears when an app is not responsive to events .
This happens when the main thread is blocked by a long operation .
Blocks can help alleviate beachballs , even in non-concurrent applications .
If you can safely perform an operation in a background thread , it is probably best to do that , and blocks make it quite easy .
queue = [ [ NSOperationQueue alloc ] init ] ; [ queue addOperationWithBlock : ^{ LongTask ( ) ; } ] ;
Often you will want to know back on the main thread when that task is finished ; you can embed a block with a call to the main queue for that .
queue = [ [ NSOperationQueue alloc ] init ] ; [ queue addOperationWithBlock : ^{ LongTask ( ) ; [ [ NSOperationQueue mainQueue ] addOperationWithBlock : ^{ Finished ( ) ; } ] ; } ] ;
If you can ’t , or do n’t want to , use multiple threads , you can still split up long tasks into short chunks of work to prevent locking up the app and beachballing .
for ( i = 0 ; i < numChunks ; i++ ) { [ [ NSOperationQueue mainQueue ] addOperationWithBlock : ^{ DoChunk ( i ) ; } ] ; }
You need to be a bit careful when scheduling on the main queue .
I ’ve found it is quite easy to overload it , especially if you are using Cocoa bindings .
What seems to happen is that each operation is run in a single iteration of the run loop , causing Key - Value notifications to fire repeatedly , which in turn lead to unnecessary refreshes of the interface .
The solution is simply to make sure you use the right granularity for your operations , ie , not too long , or you get beachballs , and not too short , or you get excessive interface refreshes .
Sounds tricky , but in practice a bit of playing around usually leads to a happy medium .
NSConference 2010
An online debate over global warming science has broken out after an unknown hacker broke into the e-mail server at a prominent , British climate - research center , stole more than a thousand e-mails about global warming research and posted them online .
Global warming skeptics are seizing on portions of the messages as evidence that scientists are colluding and warping data to fit the theory of global warming , but researchers say the e-mails are being taken out of context and just show scientists engaged in frank discussion .
The Climate Research Unit at the University of East Anglia is one of the United Kingdom 's leading climate research centers and has been a strong proponent of the position that global warming is real and has human causes .
The center confirmed the hack occurred in an e-mail statement to Threat Level .
" We are aware that information from a server in one area of the university has been made available on public websites , " the statement read .
" We are extremely concerned that personal information about individuals may have been compromised .
Because of the volume of this information we cannot currently confirm what proportion of this material is genuine . "
The stolen cache includes more than 1,000 e-mails and more than 3,000 documents , some containing code .
They were posted anonymously to an FTP server in Russia .
The hacker then posted a link to the 61 - MB file of data on the blog Air Vent .
The hacker 's message that accompanied the link read : " We feel that climate science is , in the current situation , too important to be kept under wraps .
We hereby release a random selection of correspondence , code and documents . "
The e-mails , which cover a decade of correspondence , are getting a lot of attention among bloggers who point to statements in them that they say suggest the scientists colluded and manipulated data to support their global warming viewpoints .
The bloggers highlight a statement in one 1999 e-mail from Phil Jones , director of the research center :
I ’ve just completed Mike ’s Nature trick of adding in the real temps to each series for the last 20 years ( i.e. , from 1981 onwards ) and from 1961 for Keith ’s to hide the decline .
The comment refers to Michael Mann , director of the Earth System Science Center at Pennsylvania State University .
Mann told Threat Level the " Nature trick " refers to a solution for displaying data that he and others used in a paper they published to get around a problem in the way that temperature data is traditionally displayed .
The solution allows for better viewing and understanding of the data , Mann said , and pointed to a post on the RealClimate blog that his colleagues have made to explain the reference .
That post also indicates that the hacker first tried to post the trove of stolen data to the RealClimate blog on Tuesday .
Another e-mail from Jones dated last year with the subject line " IPCC and FOI " is a request to Michael Mann , asking him to delete certain e-mails .
Bloggers allege that Jones was trying to destroy data that had been requested under the Freedom of Information Act .
Jones was n't available for comment .
Mann told Threat Level that he never deleted any e-mails and does n't know the context under which Jones made the request .
Bloggers allege that an e-mail from Kevin Trenberth , head of the Climate Analysis Section at the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder , Colorado , suggests that reality contradicts scientific claims about global warming :
Well I have my own article on where the heck is global warming ?
We are asking that here in Boulder where we have broken records the past two days for the coldest days on record .
We had 4 inches of snow .
The high the last 2 days was below 30 F and the normal is 69 F , and it smashed the previous records for these days by 10 F .
The low was about 18 F and also a record low , well below the previous record low ....
The fact is that we ca n’t account for the lack of warming at the moment , and it is a travesty that we can ’t .
The CERES data published in the August BAMS 09 supplement on 2008 shows there should be even more warming : but the data are surely wrong .
Our observing system is inadequate .
But Trenberth , who acknowledged the e-mail is genuine , says bloggers are missing the point he 's making in the e-mail by not reading the article cited in it .
That article – An Imperative for Climate Change Planning ( .pdf ) – actually says that global warming is continuing , despite random temperature variations that would seem to suggest otherwise .
" It says we do n't have an observing system adequate to track it , but there are all other kinds of signs aside from global mean temperatures – including melting of Arctic sea ice and rising sea levels and a lot of other indicators – that global warming is continuing , " he says .
Gavin Schmidt , a research scientist with NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies , says the e-mails offer no damning indictment of climate researchers , and that bloggers are reading information in them out of context .
" There 's nothing in the e-mails that shows that global warming is a hoax , " he told Threat Level .
" There 's no funding by nefarious groups .
There 's no politics in any of these things ; nobody from the [ United Nations ] telling people what to do .
There 's nothing hidden , no manipulation .
" It 's just scientists talking about science , and they 're talking relatively openly as people in private e-mails generally are freer with their thoughts than they would be in a public forum .
The few quotes that are being pulled out [ are out ] of context .
People are using language used in science and interpreting it in a completely different way . "
Trenberth agrees .
" If you read all of these e-mails , you will be surprised at the integrity of these scientists , " he says .
" The unfortunate thing about this is that people can cherry pick and take things out of context . "
This post was updated with comments from the Climate Research Unit and Michael Mann .
Photo courtesy NASA
Tyler Bass writes for RVA periodically .
Here is his brilliant analysis of all things VA politics right now - what Deeds did wrong , who McDonnell really is , and , in their own ( unknowing ) words , Deeds supporters explain why he would eventually loose .
Tyler Bass writes for RVA periodically .
Here is his brilliant analysis of all things VA politics right now - what Deeds did wrong , who McDonnell really is , and , in their own ( unknowing ) words , Deeds supporters explain why he would eventually loose .
Say what you will about either one of these candidates and the McDonnell Regent thesis , but if you ’ve looked at this thing , you ’ll have to admit that had it been widely circulated the first time that Creigh Deeds faced off against Bob McDonnell six years ago for state attorney general , you have to admit this paper would have made Deeds the surefire winner .
Even a Regent graduate himself or herself would admit that had the document been released six years ago , it would have convinced enough McDonnell opponents to turn the tide for Deeds .
Over the election cycle ’s 24 hours , all the major domestic political cable networks have been saying that Bob McDonnell won the race because Virginia is “ contrarian ” in its election vis-à - vis the national scene , e.g. – they intentionally will vote for Republican Governors if the presidency and / or Congress are Democratically controlled .
All morning on Fox News ’ “ America ’s Newsroom , ” anchors were suggesting the notion of contrarianism .
Late in the day on MSNBC , Rachel Maddow would adopt a similar description .
This whole contrarian argument can boast a streak as long as 1977 , claimed Maddow .
Much ink has been spilled about the contents of the McDonnell Regent thesis ’ decrying feminism , banning contraception and women in the workplace .
A salient media interested in this sort of sociological fodder slammed him for it , and Deeds ran with it , attempting to widen the gender gap , all the while lining up McDonnell votes for limiting the sale of contraception ( et feminist cetera ) .
On the back of the thesis , he initiated a women ’s mobilizing group and made ads featuring women majorly miffed about McDonnell ’s academic work .
Take a look at Deeds ’ campaign literature , the signs and the website if you have not already , and you can see that Gotham font used by the Obama campaign .
This was an effort to ride coattails the same way that McDonnell did throughout his thesis , offering deference at all times to the architects of the Reagan Revolution , as well as the rise of Reagan himself .
With total exasperation , it seems , was the only way Deeds ’ campaign went after McDonnell .
McDonnell , on the other hand , defined the Deeds campaign , as by the end of the race the McDonnell campaign was smirking with catty , “ myth - busting ” press releases replying to accusations of having attended “ Pat Robertson ’s ” university .
His only real replies were simply restating the same institution with its newer name and without Robertson ’s next to it .
Deeds ’ biggest cheerleader in the mainstream media overall was The Washington Post¸ and throughout the entire campaign season , they made a big deal out of the social policy issues in the McDonnell thesis , the whole while ignoring the fact that McDonnell ’s current allegiance to the ideas was impossible to prove .
As if the ideas were any less obnoxious if they were communicated in immaturity or haste or in thirst for a better grade .
What was truly strange about the way that The Washington Post examined Deeds ’ thesis was with the credulity that editorial treated students actually engaging in serious intellectual criticism if they wish to get a good grade .
It ’s not surprising if McDonnell believes next to nothing from his old thesis .
The question really is whether that ’s a good thing at all .
The thesis really reads like something directly out of Adorno .
High - levels of superstition , a view of the family as the center of society .
Like most self - described conservative ideologues , McDonnell expresses aspirations toward smaller government , yet his thesis ’ bent on removing pornography from society or apparent will to prosecute homosexual acts would require an enormous , substantially intervening bureaucracy trouncing any derided welfare office in potential waste , fraud and abuse .
From my initial reading , I was struck by the degree to which the document detailed his love of family and its positive role in his life .
Indeed , his own wife ’s work as he served in the National Guard no doubt helped foster a greater ( financial ) environment for his edification , if indeed such a thing could be said about a university or a law degree issued by the media tycoon himself .
“ Please , put your hands on the TV , and pray with me . ”
The whole document basically posits that people are becoming more selfish and individualistic .
This struck me as weird because of the way that a lot of Republican leadership has latched onto that Randesque side of Reagan that barked “ rugged individualism . ”
Although individualism is somewhat decried relative to the general tone of Ronald Reagan after his reelection , McDonnell chooses to excerpt the contemporary president ’s remarks regarding the importance of family .
Then , it is as if McDonnell has entered a state of describing an ideal reality , absent so many facets key to understanding human nature .
He becomes distinctly prescriptive , as opposed to the descriptive tone that had defined so much of the opening tone .
His worldview reflects a view of the pre-1960 ’s as more in line with the Judeo - Christian ethic .
The ugly truth is that the “ choice ” to work , for women , was something fantastic , something to celebrate .
Unfortunately , its arrival might have come at the cost of its becoming a “ necessity ” as much as a “ choice ” work really is to any degree of ambition .
Like Mr. Wilson lashing out at Dennis The Menace , the fatal flaw of Bob McDonnell ’s law thesis is its insistence that human are fewer , and , in addition , living shorter lives than in the 1960s .
By page six , the essay is crawling its way into exhaustion , discussing the youth as “ victims ” of pornography , e.g. – images .
McDonnell seriously bucks some senses of personal autonomy throughout one ’s life insofar as a strict set of obligations are observed by all parties in a family involved , the children and the parents .
In this sense , he sees rampant youth drug abuse as being signs of greater trouble , almost implying that drugs are necessarily even an adequate root for serious escapism , as opposed to , say , like going into the Dark Forest where Yoda indicates you ’re only going to battle yourself .
By page seven , McDonnell espouses the morality of corporal punishment , accurately ; however , pointing to the influence that religious influence has had on these beliefs .
The 30 - something law student did n’t see secularism as the absence of religion or a vacuum , but an ideology unto itself .
His cynicism about the very “ secular ” and “ humanist ” ideologies of the public school system somehow does n’t stop him from placing credence in the SAT results ’ falling 10 percent , the SAT necessarily being a product of the same ideologies that govern the public schools in critique .
McDonnell apparently advocates state action against “ the perverted notion of liberty that each individual should be able to live out his sexual life in any way he chooses without interference from the state . ”
If this thesis were to be updated , among a great many things , it would require an expansion to take into the account of Lawrence v. Texas , that mid-‘90s cocaine sting turned sodomy bust that initiated the Defense of Marriage Act and the ensuing , ongoing gay marriage debate .
This was a case where the state of Texas was trying to put two men in prison for anal - penile penetration .
Preceding all of this expression at the beginning of this paragraph , the last on page 8 , is a seeming non sequitor where certain court decisions represent embraces of “ collectivist - statist ideology ” being the view of the government toward the family ; later , he remarks that the level of individualism has come to be selfish .
McDonnell goes on to attribute the mother ’s taking on a role outside of the house as having caused economic collapse , for want that women should have been staying at home and teaching their children Judeo - Christian values while the man worked .
In this thesis , growing education funding has not resulted in greater increases in grades .
Deeds would often criticize the governor for not mandating average plus pay for Virginia public school teachers .
In one sense , the thesis definitely decides that the government should serve as a heavier arbitrator on certain aspects of sex life , but its judgments are limited in a different way .
McDonnell frames these paragraphs pointing out the foreshadowed “ inconsistencies , ” but what they really represent is a different kind of intrusion .
No doubt financially rewarding gender diversification in the workplace by tax credit would offend McDonnell today .
But , to repeat the author ’s admitting the limits of his knowledge on “ cause and effect ” the relationship between women entering the workplace by tooth and nail , and women who were more conservative and entered begrudgingly .
Presumably , they would play less part in his proposed resurgence of Republican values that will simultaneously “ eliminate the need for a comprehensive and expensive federal bureaucracy ” in addition to court officials , attorneys and clerks to manage people desperately trying to struggle their way through legal proceedings to prosecute the frivolous social “ crimes ” frowned upon by the thesis .
Bob McDonnell ’s concerned tone is that of a shepherd taking care of his flock , making sure that they do n’t stray from each state - ordained partner .
All the while , he insults the government ’s intrusion at times when it is being bureaucratic .
Ultimately , though , the regulation is the same , and the demand from the state is that people seek person affirmation from their partners as they do from their school , their nearest Social Security office .
McDonnell ’s philosophy regarding parenting reflected in this essay is one in which state power is totally diverted from the relationship of the parent .
These are the grounds on which , particularly in matters relating to parental consent for abortion , he asserts the duties of a parent to include procurement of state power in the interest of deterring or moderating abortion .
Interviews with The Washington Post reveal an attitude of conciliation and single - minded dedication to mourning with the receivers of the operations .
Looking back on the thesis in light of his more recent statements lends McDonnell the mien of a polemicist in making his arguments .
McDonnell ’s quotation of Thomas Jefferson ’s reference to “ nature ’s God ” in the Declaration of Independence is rather ironic , given how much stake the former attorney general places in the institution of the church to satisfy the needs of “ of widows , orphans , and the poor and the disadvantaged . ”
Seeing as how “ widower ” is left out , the essay continues its overall very patriarchal tone .
In advocating “ voluntary school prayer , ” the Reagan era necessarily allowed for the use of classroom time for things like “ silent reflection ” and similar things .
In his thesis , the new Virginia governor reflects on the party of individual liberty , but claims in the thesis ( disastrously ! ) that the government must intervene , and that when the excise of liberty takes the shape of pornography , drug abuse , or homosexuality , the government must restrain , punish and deter . ”
At the beginning of the thesis , McDonnell decries the bureaucratized state initiatives in their anti-poverty manifestations .
Presumably , police and court bureaucracies ( effectively , the religious police ) are to arbitrate on sensitive intellectual grounds like the supposed harms or even the very definition of what constitutes “ indecency ” or “ community standards . ”
Moreover , the community – to wit , not even close blood relatives – is left in the place of deciding when any given individual has had enough morphine or heroin or cannabis .
This is of course an assertion of the very statism that McDonnell decries .
Arguably , it has a lot to do with why the U.S. military leadership claims a degree of success by stomping out or controlling the trade of opiates ( eventually abused and otherwise ) out of Afghanistan .
The Reagan era ’s ultimate expression of this was the raising of the drinking age disastrously to 21 , except to military members on base ( except , eventually , in places like Qatar and Saudi Arabia ) .
The inference in these policies of course is directly that the state owns one ’s body at least as much as it owns any Treasury bond or any parent ’s children .
Eventually , upon reading the paper , I came upon the state attorney general ’s reference in a serious way to the Garden of Eden , and immediately it evoked the cartoonish image of a talking snake begging me to eat fruit .
Closing my eyes , nodding my head , I closed the laptop in front of me , and reveled in my certainty that either McDonnell was silly enough to genuinely believe that mythology substantiated public policy debate or that he was self - conscious to know that the tactic was exactly what his professors desired .
Anyone who ’s ever gone to college knows that the best humanities grade is most certainly had by simply appearing independently - minded but offering total accord with your professor ’s ideology , whatever that may be .
Back in early August , I caught up with Deeds supporters at a rally in McLean , one of America ’s wealthiest suburbs to try to help discover what created enthusiasm for the candidate earlier on when he was still relatively neck - in - neck with McDonnell .
Hugh Elwood , Reston , Va .
TB : What do you feel like is the biggest policy difference between the candidates ?
MR. ELWOOD : Well , I think it ’s more of a general policy stance .
I think that Creigh represents the new movement , the – of the progressive Democratic Party .
TB : Yeah .
MR. ELWOOD : And , McDonnell , he just represents the same tired , old policies , you know , whether it be at a statewide level or a national level that the Republican Party is espousing right now .
TB : Well , what policies are those ?
MR. ELWOOD : Progressive programs for jobs and infrastructure , higher education .
TB : Yeah , I noticed on their websites when they talked about issues , they both made a general notion – they did have a general notion of creating jobs .
And I was wondering , is there a way in which you see job creation with Creigh Deeds as being – why would it be more effective ?
I mean , I ’m trying to – I ’m trying to get you be as specific as possible .
If there ’s something he said or if there ’s something the other candidate said that you just inherently disagree with , I mean .
MR. ELWOOD : Well , basically the Republican policies are saying that they will create new jobs by giving tax breaks to those who are more wealthy ; and , therefore , the wealthy folks will create more jobs for us worker bees .
On the other hand , I think Creigh represents more of a policy where he would create jobs by giving people tax breaks , by supporting small - business men .
And most of the jobs in the country now are being created by small - business men .
TB : Yeah .
MR. ELWOOD : So I think Creigh probably supports those folks more than McDonnell does .
TB : Right .
Right .
Well , do you feel that – do you feel that his support for the health - care policies that are – you know , the health - care reform that ’s now going through Congress could actually add more to the burden that ’s placed in – on , you know Medicare costs and medical costs in the state of Virginia ?
Do you feel that there ’s a risk of that ?
MR. ELWOOD : I do n’t think there ’s much risk of that .
I think there ’s more risk that people will not be covered by health care .
I mean that we have huge numbers of people in the Commonwealth and in the nation that are n’t covered by any kind of health care .
And Deeds ’ support of Obama ’s policies in this regard are key for me .
I mean , this is one of – one my sticking points is health care .
I mean , that ’s my favorite cause .
And I think Creigh is probably the guy that would represent that for Virginians better than anybody .
TB : Do you feel that it ’s important to have a gun in a bar ?
MR. ELWOOD : ( Laughs . )
No. Alcohol and guns , what could go wrong , right ?
No .
TB : ( Laughs . )
MR. ELWOOD : That ’s ridiculous .
Why would anybody want to carry a gun to a bar except for a bad reason ?
TB : Right .
Right .
Okay .
That ’s interesting .
Yeah , I mean , you know the NRA has – you know that that is actually apparently Deeds ’ policy , though ?
MR. ELWOOD : That ’s interesting .
TB : ( Laughs . )
MR. ELWOOD : That ’s one thing I would disagree with him on .
TB : Yeah , I was – I ’m waiting to see if McDonnell will go after him on the gun issue .
I think it would be – it would be a lot of fun to see if –
MR. ELWOOD : Yeah , that would be a reversal –
TB : – he could actually alienate his own right - wing base .
MR. ELWOOD : – of roles , right ?
TB : Do you feel that – you know , Bob McDonnell talks a lot about values and family .
And , you know , I ’ve heard him talk about this for years , you know , even back to when he was speaking when he won his first election for attorney general , and he was speaking at a Kilgore rally .
Actually , that ’s the first time I saw him speak .
I was wondering if you felt like his policies were more oriented towards family values , or if that was an empty gesture ?
I mean –
MR. ELWOOD : You know , I think , you know , we all have families –
TB : Yeah .
MR. ELWOOD : – or most of us , anyhow .
TB : Yeah .
Yeah .
MR. ELWOOD : And for any one candidate to attack another on family values is – it ’s just sort of – it ’s just not valid because Creigh has a family , Bob McDonnell has a family , and we all value family .
We all value American life , and I think it ’s a non-issue .
Lori Alexander , Mount Vernon , Va .
TB : I was just checking out some emails from our good friend McDonnell .
And I – just kidding – I mean , but I was looking at it , and he is apparently criticizing the candidate , Deeds , for having a different view regarding charter schools than President Obama .
And I noticed you were talking about education .
MS. ALEXANDER : Okay .
TB : And I was wondering what your own view on charter schools was and whether you would favor , you know , the positions taken more by teachers ’ unions against , like , these – testing schools in order to give them funding , rather , I mean , what your ideas are about that ?
MS. ALEXANDER : You ’re asking the right person .
Well , for me , actually , I went to a charter school growing up .
I grew up in a very poor area , and I am not known – sometimes , I think – I do n’t want to say anything negative about the teacher ’s union .
TB : Yeah .
MS. ALEXANDER : But I do want to say that I do in my heart back in Massachusetts that sometimes the unions think too much about money and resources and forget about the children .
As you know , that – we have a large teachers ’ union in Massachusetts , where I grew up in Lowell , Massachusetts .
TB : Right .
MS. ALEXANDER : And the teachers were horrible , but they were not allowed to fire them because the union was behind them .
So I had teachers that were abusive towards me as a child , that would say racist comments to the kids because I was –
TB : Sure .
MS. ALEXANDER : – whites were a minority in my school .
TB : Right .
MS. ALEXANDER : And I do think that teachers should be held accountable .
I do think Virginia – this Virginia is not Massachusetts , though .
I think Virginia has some wonderful teachers .
Fairfax County has one of the best school systems in the area .
However , my thinking is , is that I do think teachers need – kids need to know how to take standardized exams .
And I ’ll give you a good example .
I went to public schools my whole life .
I took the MCAT exam .
And I scored – I have a graduate degree .
I scored a 2 in verbal reasoning because my schools were so poor ; they never taught me how to take tests .
TB : Yeah .
MS. ALEXANDER : And I ’m one of those kids that are from a low - income background so we do n’t do well with test - taking because most of the people that I went to school with were – the teachers called ignorant .
We were poor .
So I think it ’s – I think it ’s very important that teachers go back to basics , and – and – and I do think that teachers need to teach kids how to speak appropriately , how to write English appropriately and how to be able to not stay in that low - income façade .
Does that make sense ?
TB : Here ’s a statement from Bob McDonnell today .
He said , “ I was disappointed to see the video yesterday of my opponent supporting the comments of the head of the Virginia Education Association when it comes to charter schools and performance pay .
Just two weeks ago , she wrote in The Washington Post that ” – she ’s talking about the union head – “ ‘ the charters do not make sense for Virginia . ’
“ While campaigning with Senator Deeds this week , she again made clear determination to work behind the scenes to apparently water down or impede the president ’s efforts to expand the number of charter schools nationwide , and provide performance pay for teachers and principles .
It is a baffling position considering that the president and the secretary of Education , Arne Duncan , recently announced their Race To The Top education reform plan to provide billions in federal education funding for the states that would aggressively expand charter schools and enact performance pay plans . ”
I mean , do you think that – do you think that –
MS. ALEXANDER : I think Obama ’s doing the right thing , and if Deeds agrees with charter schools and making teachers accountable , I am totally for that .
I agree with that because there are many , many good teachers , but also what my experience is some that are not very good .
TB : Well , here ’s the thing .
He ’s was standing with the head of the teacher ’s union not two days ago , and when she said that – warned about charter schools and their role , he nodded his head .
It was a visual cue , and that ’s why the Republican Party of Virginia and Bob McDonnell have been attacking him for that .
MS. ALEXANDER : Well , it ’s hard .
I mean , the only thing I can say is I do – I support Deeds .
And if I do n’t support – I do n’t support him –
TB : What ’s the most important to you ?
MS. ALEXANDER : To me , it ’s actually the environment .
So schools are important , but the environmental issues are important ; also , health care .
TB : What makes you think Deeds is going to do better things for the environment ?
MS. ALEXANDER : Well , because I ’m a member of the League of Conservation Voters .
TB : Right .
MS. ALEXANDER : And Deeds has had over 80 percent to 100 percent ratings .
TB : Right .
MS. ALEXANDER : We – the League of Conservation Voters rate both Democrats and Republicans , and he is way off the chart .
He ’s against the coal plant , and I think all of those things are important .
TB : Which one ?
MS. ALEXANDER : In Surry .
TB : Okay .
MS. ALEXANDER : The Surry coal plant .
So actually that ’s – what I really like about Deeds is his environmental policies .
But when it comes to schools , I probably am a little bit more moderate .
TB : Okay .
MS. ALEXANDER : I do believe that there ’s some teachers that if they ’re not cutting it , they need to go .
They need to go .
And I do – I actually do agree with vouchers .
I ’m a voucher person .
I ’m sorry .
TB : The crowd swarms in for the kill !
MS. ALEXANDER : But you know what ?
Because – you know what , I should not have to have been put in the abusive school .
I was beat up ; I was threatened because these parents did n’t take care of their kids , and they were taking their anger out on me .
And no kid should have to be put through that .
TB : Okay .
And you feel the union impeded that –
MS. ALEXANDER : Oh , yeah !
Of course they did .
Yvonne Surette , Herndon , Va .
TB : Well , then , I mean , you would disagree about the unions , though , right ?
MS. SURETTE : I do n’t think there ’s enough data on charter schools .
TB : Okay .
MS. SURETTE : There ’s conflicting data .
There are studies that show they do n’t do any better .
There are some studies that show that they do better .
And there ’s so much conflicting information about SOLs about about No Child Left Behind .
I think it ’s almost impossible to tell .
It ’s too early to tell how charter schools are doing .
TB : Then why – then what is the issue that brings you the most here ?
As opposed to McDonnell , what issue do you see as being the biggest difference between them ?
MS. SURETTE : Between the two of them ?
TB : You ’re not going to say guns .
But what do you feel ?
MS. SURETTE : I just cannot in good conscience vote for a Republican ever .
TB : But that ’s not an issue .
MS. SURETTE : Nope .
To me , it ’s a broad range of issues .
There ’s not one particular issue .
Virginia has got to remain a blue state .
We ’ve got to have both Democratic senators and a Democratic governor within a Democratic administration .
It ’s the only thing that ’s going to save this country .
TB : But it ’s not nominal .
There must be some policy that makes you –
MS. SURETTE : You want me to say a policy ?
TB : – when you think Republicans and you get frightened , what do you think ?
MS. SURETTE : ( Laughs . )
Okay , let ’s take health care .
TB : Okay .
MS. SURETTE : The Republican position on health care is ridiculous .
It ’s they want people to – if they ’re poor , hell with you .
It ’s an unkind position .
It ’s like not letting gay people marry .
It ’s just keeping people out of hospital room when they ’re dying partner .
They ca n’t go in because they ’re not next of kin .
It ’s just the same kind of thing .
And I think we need to regard health care as the way we regard the police and the fire , you know ?
If you ’re poor or rich , they ’re going to come and rescue you .
It ’s does n’t matter .
Health care has to be exactly the same way .
It has to be public .
It has to be – you know , there has to be a single - payer system .
Everybody .
There ’s 50 million people in this country without health care .
And that would be issue today .
TB : Would you support single - payer health care –
MS. SURETTE : Absolutely .
TB : – if it made it so that Virginia had to take more of its own funds to pay for Medicare ?
MS. SURETTE : Absolutely .
And even if it means an increase in taxes .
The good of the community is what matters .
I come also from Massachusetts where just like California years ago we had something called Proposition Two and a Half , I think it was , like Prop 13 in California .
People vote against their own best interests .
You know , they do n’t see the future .
They do n’t see that .
“ Oh , I ’ll get $ 100 chopped off of my tax bill ! ”
But they ’re going to close the schools .
You ’re not going to have a neurologist when you ’re old .
You ’re an idiot if you do n’t support education .
TB : And about single payer , is there a level – what level of income annually would you –
MS. SURETTE : Two hundred and fifty thousand ( dollars ) .
( Laughs . )
TB : Would – you would – okay .
You got it .
There you go .
MS. SURETTE : Yeah .
( Laughs . )
I think that ’s the administrative position .
Delegate Charles Caputo
TB : I was wondering , one what issue do you see the biggest difference between Bob McDonnell and Deeds ?
DEL .
CAPUTO : You know , the biggest issue that defines Deeds is the ability to relate to the needs of the people and fulfill them .
Judy White , Springfield , Va .
TB : What do you see as the biggest – on what issue do you see the biggest difference between Bob McDonnell and Creigh Deeds ?
MS . WHITE : Transportation .
TB : Transportation .
On what sense ?
In what way ?
MS . WHITE : Because Bob McDonnell has a plan , but they say it wo n’t work .
TB : Who ’s “ they ? ” The ?
MS . WHITE : Other members of –
TB : The House of Delegates ?
General Assembly ?
MS . WHITE : Yeah .
TB : All right .
What is Deeds ’ plan ?
And why do you think it would be more likely to work ?
MS . WHITE : He does n’t really have a set plan that I know of yet .
TB : Right .
MS . WHITE : If he does , I have n’t read about it .
TB : Okay .
But Bob McDonnell ’s formulated but bad plan is what makes you say that ’s the biggest difference , right ?
MS . WHITE : Uhm , well , I think the biggest difference is one ’s a Republican and one ’s a Democrat .
TB : ( Laughs . )
Right .
Right .
MS. WHITE : ( Laughs . )
TB : But , I mean , it ’s foggier than that .
I mean , on the gun issue , I would say , you know , you would n’t say it ’s so typical , you know ?
MS . WHITE : Right .
TB : Right .
I ’m just throwing that out as an example .
It ’s not to really jog it .
Yeah , I mean , most of the people I hear from hear , you know , say just in general , “ I ’m a Democrat .
I would vote for a Democrat . ”
But , you know , I want to get the heart of the candidates .
I mean , obviously , there ’s some position he could take that would make you say , “ I ’m sitting out ” or “ I ’m voting for a third party ” or something like that .
MS . WHITE : Well , that ’s why most of us are here because we do n’t really know a whole lot about Deeds yet .
Frank Blechman , Fairfax
TB : What do you see as the biggest policy difference between the two candidates ?
MR. BLECHMAN : Bob McDonell has built a career out of saying , “ No . ” And Deeds has built a career out of saying , “ Yes . ” I think it ’s a character difference , not a policy difference .
TB : Okay .
So you just see Bob McDonnell as being less moral ?
MR. BLECHMAN : No , it ’s not a question of moral .
It ’s a question of , do you really care about solving problems ?
Why are you running to be a leader of a government ?
TB : Yeah .
MR. BLECHMAN : A government is about doing the things together that we ca n’t do alone .
So if you want to get things done , then you figure out how to get things done .
TB : What has he – he said , “ No ” to ?
What do you – like , what –
MR. BLECHMAN : He said no to fixing the roads .
He said no to expanding higher education .
You got a no about expanding health care for children .
I mean , you want me to go on ?
I ’ll give a long list .
TB : Yeah , please .
MR. BLECHMAN : He said as part of the Republican leadership of the House no to making the tax structure more fair .
I mean , those are just four .
And I think possibly the one that here in Northern Virginia cuts quite a bit is he said no on the environment ; we ’re not going to spend any more money actually trying to clean up the Chesapeake Bay .
Eventually , he got beaten into it .
But it ’s – his inclination is to say , “ No , I do n’t care about any of those things .
I care about cutting taxes , making government smaller . ”
That ’s terrific .
He should go run a corporation .
He should n’t try to run government .
TB : Could you name an annual figure of income at which you would say , “ We ca n’t raise taxes on people who make this much per year ? ”
MR. BLECHMAN : Let me tell you .
In Virginia , you hit the top income - tax bracket –
TB : Yeah .
MR. BLECHMAN : – at $ 17,500 of taxable income .
TB : Yeah .
MR. BLECHMAN : That level was set when the new top bracket was added in 1964 .
The original top bracket , which you hit at $ 7,500 , was set in 1927 .
Those numbers have not moved , have never been adjusted .
I think $ 17,500 as the top tax bracket is too low .
We have a virtually flat tax – income - tax system .
And our total income - tax system is quite regressive because we depended on fees and on sales taxes .
So , for me , I would raise the top income .
I would either add a new top income - tax bracket –
TB : Right .
MR BLECHMAN : – or I would raise the level of tax on the top income - tax bracket , and raise the point at which it went into effect ?
TB : Right .
And to ask you a question that might seem obvious –
MR. BLECHMAN : I understand what you ’re doing .
TB : – you ’re talking .
Yeah .
You ’re asking – you ’re talking about 17,000 ( dollars ) per year ?
MR. BLECHMAN : Taxable income , you hit the top income - tax bracket in Virginia .
TB : If you make $ 17,000 per year ?
MR. BLECHMAN : Seventeen thousand five hundred , you hit the top income - tax bracket in Virginia .
TB : That ’s not 70 ( thousand dollars ) ?
It ’s –
MR. BLECHMAN : No , one seven comma five zero zero .
TB : Oh , wow .
MR BLECHMAN : So that ’s a – that ’s not a very progressive tax .
I think you should raise the level at which that top tax applies , and increase the amount .
TB : Do you feel that you need a gun in a bar ?
MR. BLECHMAN : I do n’t .
But I live in Northern Virginia .
TB : All right .
MR. BLECHMAN : I have to tell you , I was in a meeting a couple of years ago where neighborhood activists were sitting around .
TB : Yeah .
MR. BLECHMAN : And folks from Alexandria were talking about trying to get the city to help them with – control rats .
TB : Right .
MR. BLECHMAN : And folks from down in Abbingdon said , “ What are you talking about ?
Take your gun and shoot ‘ em ! ”
TB : ( Laughs . )
MR. BLECHMAN : Why do you need the city to control rats ?
Well , the folks from Alexandria tried to explain why firing a gun in a crowded neighborhood to try to hit rats is a dangerous thing to do .
Folks down say just , “ I do n’t get it .
Who need government to deal with rats ? ”
TB : ( Laughs . )
MR. BLECHMAN : Well , living here in Northern Virginia , I do n’t feel that I need a gun for my public safety .
TB : ( Laughs . )
MR. BLECHMAN : I do n’t feel safer carrying a gun .
I do n’t feel safer when I ’m in places where I see people swaggering around with weapons on their hips .
I do n’t go to bars that much , but I sure do n’t need a gun there .
And I think it ’s bad public policy .
TB : It seems like in a lot of the language I see coming out of nationwide congressional Republican leadership , there is a more of a demonization of government roles and of social programs .
They would say , for example , like , you know , that a government takeover of health care was a bad thing ; whereas , a Democratic politician would say , oh , well , it ’s rather an action of the many , and they would say that , “ Oh , well , it ’s the people doing this for each other . ”
You know , I was wondering if you feel like government has become a swear word to Republicans ?
MR. BLECHMAN : Well , since 1976 .
This is not a new development .
TB : Right .
MR BLECHMAN : This is a generational development .
TB : Why ’ 76 ?
MR. BLECHMAN : Seventy - six is the year when Ronald Reagan begins his ascendency , and the whole group of pollsters and speechwriters that came with him that made liberal an evil word ; made it not just an incidental part of their campaigns as Nixon had in ’ 68 and ’ 72 , but a deliberate , central part of the campaign .
And then that became the Reagan Revolution .
“ Government is the problem , ” not the solution .
Now , in fairness , Democrats got so cowed and scared , very few Democrats would say government is the solution .
And we ’re not back to a point yet where we have usefully defined , what are the things that government can do better than private industry ?
And , until we do , we ’re going to have a hard time winning votes on those issues .
. . .
MR. BLECHMAN : I believe that a single - payer system will save us in the first 10 years somewhere between 15 ( percent ) and 25 percent of what we ’re now spending on health care .
So I ’m willing to take that gamble .
But I understand it ’s a gamble .
TB : I guess I was trying to focus on an issue .
Is there any particular issue that ’s most important to you about Deeds , that is the most serious reason for voting for him ?
MR. BLECHMAN : Well , in Northern Virginia , on every poll , the number one issue is transportation .
And as guy from Hampton Roads , which has huge transportation problems , McDonnell voted no to fund transportation .
And as a guy from Bath Country that does not have huge transport needs , Deeds was willing to on the limb , and say we have to fund transportation ; we have to do it statewide ; we cannot do it with a Northern Virginia tax or a Hampton Road tax , and we have to do it on a statewide basis .
That ’s an issue of tremendous integrity .
It ’s an issue that won him the primary .
And it ’s going ot win him the general .
Dennis and Flora Milner said they wanted to decide when to die A Berkshire couple who sent a letter to the BBC criticising UK laws on assisted suicides have been found dead .
Dennis and Flora Milner , aged 83 and 81 , were found dead in their home in Newbury on Sunday , police confirmed .
A letter and statement saying they had " chosen to peacefully end our lives " was delivered to BBC South on Tuesday .
They said they wanted to highlight the " serious human dilemma " which prevents people from legally ending their own lives with loved ones around them .
The letter was dated 14 August but the postal stamp on the envelope said 2 November .
It was addressed to " Dear Editor " and in it Mr Milner talks about his campaign to change the law to give people the right to choose how and when to end their lives .
The letter to the BBC was dated in August but post stamped 2 November
The Milner 's suicide letter
He said his first letter was published 60 years ago and asked that this , his last letter , would also be published .
He then outlined the couple 's reasons for ending their lives : " We have each reached the point where all the finest available treatment and TLC can no longer attain the desired and acceptable level to support an enjoyable and worthwhile life .
" To force the issue beyond this point would mean for us a living death ; we have therefore chosen to peacefully end our lives . "
Below a typed part of the letter Mr Milner had made some handwritten notes , which read : " Arranging this so that it does not fail has been very difficult and traumatic for us .
This need not and should not be the case .
" I have made many visits to friends and relatives in care homes .
They cannot wash , dress , feed or toilet themselves .
They can not get out of the chair or walk .
This can go on for a long time - years .
" Long before we reach this stage of degeneration the quality of life for us would be unacceptable , cruel and inhumane . "
Mr and Mrs Milner 's daughter Chrissy said her parents had been in good health but did not want to get to a stage where they would be too ill to care for themselves .
She said they felt they had to pre-empt any possible serious deterioration in their health .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" I think they made this decision because they 'd had a very positive life .
They 'd enjoyed life , " she said .
" They 'd always said they wanted a positive death , they wanted a good death . "
She said she and her brother Nigel knew they had formed a suicide pact but did not know when they planned to kill themselves .
She said they had told her : " We wo n't be here for Christmas . "
Chrissy said : " My brother and I fully endorse what has happened .
" If they were here now we would give them our full support because it was an idea , a concept , that was very close and dear to them . "
Mr and Mrs Milner 's statement , sent with the letter to the BBC and headlined " a personal critical self assessment " , appeared to be signed by both of them .
Assisted suicide laws
Anyone helping someone kill themselves in England or Wales could face 14 years in prison
In Scotland and other European contries the law is less clear , some have more liberal laws
In Switzerland , organisations like Dignitas help people end their life
To date , more than 100 UK citizens have travelled to Dignitas to end their life .
It read : " We have been fortunate to have lived through and enjoyed 80 plus years of a happy , loving and exciting life .
" It would be impossible to thank all the people and organisations which every day , without fail , have contributed to our lifespan .
" There 's just one outstanding [ group ] which we think everyone would go along with , the medical profession and the NHS in which they serve .
They have usefully extended our lives by at least 25 - 30 years .
" We leave this life with just one serious and disappointing criticism of our society .
" Today we have been denied what we believe to be our basic human right - to terminate our own lives , in our own home , at our own choosing , with our loved ones around us , without anyone having to face any legal possibilities or harassment . "
' Action through fear ' Sarah Wootton , chief executive of Dignity in Dying , said : " We are saddened by the news of Dennis and Flora Milner 's deaths .
" Their case highlights some people 's deep concerns about suffering unnecessarily at the end of life , and the lack of a safeguarded choice which can prompt people to take drastic action through fear . "
A Thames Valley Police spokesman said : " We were called to an address in Enborne Road at 9 am on the 1 November .
There were two unexplained deaths , they are not thought to be suspicious . "
An initial post - mortem examination has been carried out but further toxicology tests were needed to confirm how they died , he said .
A spokesperson for the West Berkshire Coroner said the couple 's family had been told .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Do Teen Sports Increase Risk of Teen Drinking and Violence ?
Young men who participate in team sports may be more likely to fight and drink .
Nov. 9 , 2009  --
Conventional wisdom has always been that team sports build character , cooperation , and leadership skills .
But new research suggests that being on the school football team may also be hurting your teen , especially boys .
In a study presented today at the American Public Health Association 's 137th Annual Meeting and Exposition in Philadelphia , teen sports may be associated with risky behavior .
Researchers examined survey responses from 13,000 high school students concerning unhealthy behaviors such as engaging in violence , drinking and binge drinking as well as smoking .
What they found was that the young men who participated in team sports were found more likely to participate in these risky behaviors compared to those who were not involved in sports .
Conversely , young women participating in sports were found to have fewer rates of depression , marijuana use , and smoking .
" Sports team participation appears to have both protective and risk - enhancing associations , " said Susan M. Connor , lead researcher on the study .
But some child development experts caution that the research does not prove that participation in organized sports causes risky behavior .
George Scarlett , assistant professor of the Eliot - Pearson Department of Child Development at Tufts University in Boston , explains , " [ These ] findings are based on correlations -- and correlations never establish cause and effect .
" The impression given is that sports somehow cause risky behavior , but the correlations do not say this , " he continued .
" They merely say the two co-occur . "
Yet others in child development agree that this finding may not be so far - fetched .
Prior studies of certain sports -- particularly high - contact sports such as football -- have also shown correlations between participation and a higher likelihood of violence in males .
" Coaches , characteristics of the sport itself , local cultures , and other factors can make significant differences in how sports participation impacts kids , " said Judith Myers - Walls , associate professor of Child Development and Family Studies at Purdue University in West LaFayette , Ind .
Teens May Have Trouble Coping with ' Sports Icon ' Status
Through a complex interplay of these factors , she explains , a " gang " mentality may develop .
" Some cultures and teammates may focus on competition , power issues , and the feeling that they are special and do n't need to live by the rules of ' ordinary ' people , " she added .
As the director of Sports Medicine at Akron 's Children Hospital , Dr. Joseph A. Congeni works with adolescent athletes .
All too often , he observes attributes that build positive characters in team sports get overshadowed by preferential attitudes .
In turn , these attitudes may promote more risk - taking behavior .
" These athletes begin being ' put on a pedestal , ' " he said , " and [ are ] receiving preferential treatment and attention and adulation even in the late junior high school years . "
Is it a case of too much , too soon ?
Are we building immature egos into egotistical , dangerous young men ?
Myers - Walls noted , " It can be developmentally inappropriate to throw them into adult status or icon status . "
But , Myers - Walls said , " Parents and coaches can have an important influence by helping teens to focus on the values that they believe are critical . "
In other words , she said , relationships with the coaches and team - building characteristics may be at the center of this debate -- and if this relationship promotes unhealthy behaviors , it may not be good for your child .
" Those adults can also step back and make sure they are keeping a perspective on youth development and community rather than become overzealous and losing themselves and their values in the midst of competition , " Myers - Walls said .
And Congeni said that when it comes to sports , it may not be wise to conclude the risks of participation outweigh the benefits .
" There still are so many positives to be gained when sports are kept in balance , " Congeni said .
On Aug. 27 , a fairly straightforward obituary about Ted Kennedy for the Web site was subjected to a little political re-education on the way to the front page .
A new paragraph was added quoting Rush Limbaugh deriding what he called all of the “ slobbering media coverage , ” and he also accused the recently deceased senator of being the kind of politician who “ uses the government to take money from people who work and gives it to people who do n’t work . ”
Image Rupert Murdoch , a lifelong conservative , addressing the newsroom at The Wall Street Journal two years ago , when he took over .
Credit ... Mark Lennihan / Associated Press
On Oct. 31 , an article on the front of the B section about estate taxes at the state level used the phrase “ death tax ” six times , but there were no quotation marks around it .
A month later , the newspaper ’s Style & Substance blog suggested that the adoption of such a loaded political term was probably not a good idea : “ Because opponents of estate taxes have long referred to them as death taxes , the term should be avoided in news stories . ”
In response to questions about bias in the newspaper , a Journal spokesman sent along the following statement : “ The Journal has always provided its readers with unique , objective news reporting from our Washington Bureau . ”
None of the reporters involved in those articles spoke to me , but several others did .
“ A lot of it is about what goes into the pipeline and then what does , and does not , come out , ” said a reporter who works at the Washington bureau and who , like others , did not want to be identified out of concern for retribution .
The reporter said articles at The Wall Street Journal ended up looking out of step with other coverage because an agenda may have been at work .
Tension between Washington bureaus and headquarters is a common feature of newspapers , and none of the people I spoke to suggested that either Mr. Thomson or Mr. Baker lacked savvy as journalists or leaders  only that ideology was baked into the coverage through headlines , assignments and editing in a way that had never occurred in the past .
“ When it was just Robert , we were able to win more arguments , but now that it is both he and Baker , it pretty much goes the way they say it will , ” said another current member of the staff .
HAHA well I think its safe to say that we all at some point have wished our significant other was more like some movie actor / actress .
I like the fact that you WERE willing ot change , means that you probably care enough to try to change , and to ask this question on Y Answers ; however , my motto is " you should NEVER change who you are for your partner "
Two things about that : 1 ) Of course positive traits like being more honest , trustowrthy etc. would be a good change since it would make you a better person overall , but you should do it only if you want to , otherwise it wont work and cause more problems , and 2 ) never change your entire personality or physical appearance exclusively for your partner , it will end up making you more insecure , a trait that she will also dislike .
( see the vicious cycle ? lol )
I think if your romantic partner is trying to change you in who they want you to be , then they are not with you for YOU , but for who they can shape you into .
Obvioulsy she didnt like it when you tried doing the same for her , why dont u try making her see that ?
Maybe she will be more understanding if she puts herself in your clothes .
Of course , if you choose to say this , do n't do it in a rude or sarcastic way .
You probably know that iwll make things worse !
good luck
Mandel Ngan / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
The ongoing cable - and - blog dust - up over whether President Obama somehow dishonored America ’s image by bowing to Emperor Akihito of Japan the other day was reminiscent of another argument over the exact same issue – 20 years ago .
It was a different president , of course : George H.W. Bush , who came to the issue with some pretty solid credentials : as a young man who was shot out of the sky by the Japanese .
And it was a different moment :
The funeral of Emperor Hirohito , Japan ’s wartime leader , and father of the current Japanese emperor .
Mr. Bush was even newer to the presidency at that moment than Mr. Obama is today .
Barely a month in office , he traveled to Tokyo for Hirohito ’s funeral , declaring it was the right way to honor a former enemy turned ally .
It was the first imperial funeral in many decades , a huge state event .
And naturally it poured rain on the guests ; ladies in their finest kimonos and Sumo wrestlers alike sank into the mud .
Then came the moment : When Mr. Bush approached the emperor ’s casket , he bowed deeply .
Those of us who had lived in Japan thought nothing of it .
That is how respect is shown in Japan .
But the pre-cable pundits were screaming , and soon one of our colleagues , the late Gerald Boyd , asked Mr. Bush about it at a news conference .
Mr. Bush danced around an answer for a moment , mentioning members of his squadron who never came home , and Gen. Douglas MacArthur ’s decision to keep the emperor system , as a way of unifying the Japanese people .
Then he said this :
I ’m representing the United States of America .
And we ’re talking about a friend , and we ’re talking about an ally .
We ’re talking about a nation with whom we have constructive relationships .
Sure , we got some problems , but that was all overriding — and respect for the Emperor .
And remember back in World War II , if you ’d have predicted that I would be here , because of the hard feeling and the symbolic nature of the problem back then of the former Emperor ’s standing , I would have said , “ No way . ”
But here we are , and time moves on ; and there is a very good lesson for civilized countries in all of this .
So did President Obama violate protocol ?
Well , yes , but not by bowing .
He made the mistake of both shaking hands and bowing at the same time , a big breach of etiquette .
The truth was that he was supposed to choose one or the other .
Lime Pictures ’ digital arm Conker Media has teamed up with controversial teen novelist Melvin Burgess for a cross- platform psychological thriller for BBC Switch .
Drama
The Well features a group of teens renovating a house in Liverpool who uncover a well that is the resting place of a “ dark and malevolent force ” .
The 4 x 12 - minute drama stars new Doctor Who assistant Karen Gillan and will air on BBC2 on consecutive Saturdays up to Halloween .
It will also be available online , where it will link to a “ deeply immersive ” multi - level game , in which users can explore the house and try to solve a puzzle at the heart of the story .
BBC Switch head Geoff Goodwin told Broadcast : “ It ’s in a pre-watershed slot so it ’s more like The Blair Witch Project , where the tension is psychological , than adult horror , but we have really tried to up the scariness .
This is a classic teen genre which we needed to exploit . ”
Head of Conker Lee Hardman added : “ The Well shows the creative potential of multi- layered drama in terms of storytelling . ”
Goodwin pointed to the project as evidence that the BBC is investing in teen drama - despite criticism from leading industry figures that it is “ neglecting ” the genre .
He said he wanted to grow the TV presence of forthcoming Switch soap The Cut beyond the 25 - minute weekly omnibus currently planned , if funds are available .
“ We ’re respecting the way teens access content but we would love to get to two television episodes a week .
Look at EastEnders and Hollyoaks - they all show the hallmarks of expansion .
We ’re doing the same thing . ”
Burgess ’s novels include drugs drama Junk , which was adapted for BBC2 in 1999 .
President Aliyev said before the talks Azerbaijan could use force Azeri and Armenian leaders have made significant progress in talks on the disputed enclave of Nagorno - Karabakh , a French mediator has said .
But Bernard Fassier , of the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe , said " some difficulties " had been identified .
A fragile ceasefire has been in place in the region since a brutal war there in the 1990s .
Both nations lay claim to the enclave , currently under Armenian control .
Earlier Azeri President Ilham Aliyev warned he could use force to seize the enclave if the talks failed .
He said the talks , in Munich , Germany , were the final hope of settling the issue peacefully .
Military threat Mr Fassier said he and fellow mediators would prepare a new meeting , but gave no indication of when it might take place .
" The discussion [ led ] the presidents and us to identify problems that still have to be resolved , " he said .
" But what is important , that we have been instructed to resolve these problems . "
US mediator Robert Bradtke said he was impressed by the political will to seek a settlement .
" I think today what was impressive was the way the two presidents worked with us , ... their willingness to discuss points that are quite difficult and quite controversial and I think , as someone who is relatively new to this process , that is what impressed me the most , " he said .
President Aliyev and his Armenian counterpart Serzh Sarkisyan left the talks without making any comment .
But in remarks broadcast on Azeri TV on Saturday , Mr Aliyev said that if the Munich talks failed to reach agreement he would be " left with no other option " .
" We have the full right to liberate our land by military means , " he said .
Some 30,000 people died in the Nagorno Karabakh conflict , which erupted after the mountainous region declared independence in 1991 .
The region and seven surrounding Azeri district have been under Armenian control since the Russian - brokered ceasefire in 1994 .
Azerbaijan has never ruled out military action to take back the land and has spent billions on dollars on building up its military .
The meeting was the first since Armenia and Turkey - an ally of Azerbaijan - normalised diplomatic relations after a century of hostility .
That move has left Azerbaijan feeling isolated , says the BBC's Tom Esslemont , in the South Caucasus region .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As the year draws to a close , China 's blocking of overseas websites — including Facebook , Twitter , and thousands of other websites including my blog — is more extensive and technically more sophisticated than ever .
Controls over domestic content have also been tightening .
People who work for Chinese Internet companies continue to complain that they remain under heavy pressure to be more thorough about the way in which they police and censor blogging platforms , social networking sites , discussion forums , and any form of user - generated content .
As feared , the censorship arms race , which began in the run-up to the anniversary of the June 4th crackdown , intensified after the Xinjiang riots , and ramped up further in the run-up to the October 1st 60th Anniversary of the People 's Republic of China passed uneventfully .
The past few weeks have seen four new moves which are not officially or overtly aimed at political content , but which have implications for the way in which the government controls all conveyors of all kinds of speech .
First , late November saw the launch of a mobile porn crackdown .
The draconian way in which this crackdown is being implemented , however , involves a great deal of collateral damage for non-pornographic content .
For example , the crackdown has caused China Mobile and other wireless carriers to suspend all billing of all WAP and G+ mobile services , including those by legitimate companies in good standing who are not involved with porn .
As this article in Chinese on DoNews points out , the mobile content market in China is growing fast and getting quite lucrative .
Second , Chinese the state - run media is going after the search engines again for — horror of horrors , turning up smutty results when users search for smutty information .
In early December , China Central Television ( CCTV ) ran a report which accused Google , Baidu , and Sohu of irresponsibility .
According to the research firm JLM Pacific Epoch :
" The report said Google " persisted in its old ways " and " explored every avenue to avoid China 's ' anti - low - brow ' campaign " after previous reports on the subject by the state broadcaster but noted that Google 's English version contains content far more obscene than its Chinese language site .
None of the three parties has made any official response , the report said . "
I would not want to be running Google China these days .
No fun .
Third , last week the government shut down more than 500 file - sharing websites as part of an anti-porn and anti-piracy crackdown , on the grounds that these websites do n't have proper licenses .
For a sampling of Chinese netizen reaction , see Global Voices Online and People 's Daily Online .
ReadWriteWeb points out that given China 's strict government controls on what movies can legally be shown , these sites are the only way for many Chinese to access a lot of content .
Much political jockeying by the more established services is now underway , and Xinhua indicates that the largest file - sharing site , VeryCD is fighting for survival .
Fourth , CNNIC , the organization which runs the .cn top - level domain has announced that it is no longer accepting domain name applications from individuals .
The stated reason in news reports is to control abuse of the .cn domain name space by criminals .
Under the new rules , if you want to buy any domain name ending in .cn you have to provide ID and proof of company or organizational registration .
As the Internet Governance Project 's Milton Mueller puts it , " China 's government is using its control of domain names to impose more strict controls over the Internet . "
Chinese Internet users have an interesting take on this latest development .
Some like William Long say that this is actually a good thing , because anybody who is n't in lockstep with the Chinese government is better off staying away from .cn to begin with .
Since January he has been urging Chinese Internet users not to use .cn domains , even posting instructions for how to buy domains on GoDaddy , arguing that .cn domains are too risky because the government could take the domain away from you at any time on vague grounds that you are violating some Chinese law , regulation , or whatever .
It 's also worth noting that CNNIC is now applying to ICANN to run .中国 — and plans to apply for .网络 and .公司 whenever ICANN opens up the application process for generic top - level domains .
As the Internet 's domain name system becomes multilingual , will the Chinese language domain space be hospitable to anybody who is not in total synch with the PRC government ?
The answer is pretty clear by now : only if non-PRC entities can run Chinese - language top - level domains outside of China .
Will ICANN ensure that this will indeed be possible ?
We do n't know yet .
ICANN is still formulating the application process for new generic top - level domains , which includes the details of a process by which governments can object to — and potentially block — applications .
Deprecated .
Astview is a graphical viewer for abstract syntax trees .
It is implemented on the basis of scrap - your - boilerplate ( i.e. data2tree ) and works with all parsers that generate trees that are instances of the Data .
Data class .
Custom parsers can be dynamically loaded ( via package hint ) at startup .
For installation you need gtk2hs and hscolour before .
The latter will not be automatically installed by cabal since it is used by Setup.hs .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 12/11/2009 ( 3974 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
Opinion
MARK PARDEN / THE ASSOCIATED PRESS ARCHIVES
Sam the koala became famous as a result of this photo of a firefighter giving him water during a wildfire .
They are perhaps the cutest living mascot a country could possess -- a tiny , non-threatening version of the Canadian grizzly more likely to cuddle you with furry little forearms than rip your larynx out .
The Australian koala bear rivals China 's Giant Panda for that rare form of captivating charm , which prompts toy makers to borrow their likeness , stuff it and sell it off to millions of besotted kids .
This week , Australia is being warned the koala is under threat of extinction as numbers which reached into the millions in the 19th Century decline to around 43,000 .
The Australian Koala Foundation suggests it may be just 30 years before we 're seeing the last of the species munching reflectively on a eucalypts leaf in a zoo .
Koalas live in four Australian states -- Queensland , New South Wales , Victoria and South Australia -- but have become a rarity right across the eastern seaboard .
In a once heavily populated stretch between the Queensland capital of Brisbane and the Gold Coast 100 kilometres to the north , human population growth has forced them out in the thousands .
You could spend a day searching the outlying suburbs of Sydney , where koala once abounded , and never find one .
The Koala Foundation visited 1,800 sites across the country and looked up 80,000 gum trees to calculate their 43,000 estimate .
Global warming could be to blame .
The leaves in eucalypts trees , which provide almost the entire diet of the koala , have been found to decline in nutrient content but increase in toxicity when exposed to higher carbon dioxide levels .
But it is more probably lost habitat to human settlements , diseases such as pneumonia and blindness and the stress of living next to a noisy humans that is behind the worrying decline .
More than 4,000 koalas , shy creatures and finicky eaters who spend most of their lives asleep in gum ( eucalypt ) trees , are also killed by cars and dogs .
The federal government 's threatened species committee is to recommend by mid 2010 on whether the koala should be listed as vulnerable to extinction .
Representative Bob Beeton said the committee would not be swayed by its status as one of the country 's favourite animals .
" I mean , we 'd consider the koala with the same level of diligence and dedication as if it were the death adder . "
Hugh Possingham , professor of ecology at University of Queensland , said koalas should now be listed as a species of national significance .
It already is -- in financial terms .
Apart from being cute , it is responsible for more than an $ 1.1 billion in annual tourism revenue .
" Sam " the koala , photographed drinking from a fire fighters water bottle after the devastating bush fires in Victoria this year , was just another in a long line of bears who have captured hearts world wide .
Millions of tourists beat a path to Australia 's door to gaze at our wildlife which , when closely examined in the light of international comparisons , is n't all that impressive .
There are no lions , no tigers , no grizzlies .
Apart from the crocodile , which will kill you as soon as look at you , the dingo wild dog and a variety of poisonous snakes and spiders are the only land - bound creatures lethal to the human animal .
But the koala bear is a consistent hit with the visitors , even if it 's not really a bear .
Rather than sharing a kinship with the grizzly , its closet living relative is the wombat , one of evolutions ' oddest looking creations .
The Japanese and most of Europe are besotted with the creature .
University of New South Wales academic Roger March reported research last August showing the No. 1 reason Japanese tourists came to Australia was to cuddle a koala , though the research referred only to a narrow demographic .
In the 1990s , state governments began efforts to ban cuddling of koalas despite overwhelming opposition from tourism authorities and a nasty public debate about whether handling them actually causes the animal stress .
Few koalas are actually picked up by humans in koala reserves these days which may well be a good thing .
But , much like a toddler , they 'll occasionally wrap their arms around a human handler when tired , which is about 90 per cent of the time .
It may be an endearing trait they need to work on in coming years , if they want to see in the 21st century .
Michael Madigan , the Winnipeg Free Press correspondent in Australia , is the Gold Coast bureau chief for the Brisbane - based Courier Mail .
Baby Skin is very erogenous , you need to very circumspect in baby skin care as you ca n’t afford to take risks in this affair .
The Sun the most puissant source of energy and does a lot of good to us , but one has to be very cognizant about baby ’s relation with the Sun .
Everyone needs to be shielded from both the sun ’s ultraviolet rays , which cause tanning , aging of the skin , and skin cancer , as well as ultraviolet rays , which cause sunburn and skin cancer .
But children need special protection .
Sunburns also represent an immediate hazard to young children .
Because children have a larger proportion of skin to body mass than adults , severe burns can cause serious fluid and electrolyte imbalances .
Read more about Baby Care .
Vector Artwork : 50 + Inspirational Creations
Vector artwork has always intrigued me .
When executed correctly , these creations can be simply stunning .
In this post , I have assembled an amazing collection of vector artwork design which will truly inspire you .
Each artist showcased has their own unique vector style .
Hopefully one of these creations will inspire you to create your own amazing design .
Enjoy !
Want more articles on illustration ?
Check out some of my previous posts :
Designer Showcase : Gorgeous Works by Cristiano Siqueira
Creative Uses of Illustration in Website Design
30 Must See Character Illustration Tutorials
Mohammad Ali Abtahi faces six years in jail after being accused of fomenting unrest after disputed June election in Iran
A former Iranian vice president has been sentenced to six years in jail after being accused of fomenting unrest to overthrow the government , his lawyer said today .
Mohammad Ali Abtahi is the most senior reformer to face imprisonment following the disputed presidential election in June .
Abtahi was vice president for parliamentary and legal affairs during the 1997-2005 presidency of Mohammad Khatami .
The lawyer , Saleh Nikbakht , said he planned to appeal against the verdict .
He has 20 days to submit the appeal .
Abtahi was released on $ 700,000 ( £ 425,000 ) bail after the verdict was delivered .
As news of the latest sentence emerged , the opposition leader , Mir Hossein Mousavi , called on the government to stop intimidating people .
" The government should not intimidate people to change their path … this movement will continue and we are ready to pay any price , " Mousavi was quoted as saying on his Kaleme website .
Mousavi 's remarks coincided with a gathering by moderates to commemorate the killing of a dissident nationalist couple , stabbed to death by " rogue " agents in 1998 .
The killing of Dariush Forouhar and his wife , who headed the illegal but tolerated Iran Nation party , and at least two other secularist figures , outraged Iranian society .
Iran 's security forces have warned the opposition not to take part in demonstrations , in an attempt to avoid a revival of the protests that erupted after the presidential elections on 12 June in which President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad secured a second term .
The turmoil after the election was the worst in Iran since its 1979 Islamic revolution .
Authorities deny vote - rigging and portrayed the unrest as a foreign - backed bid to undermine the Islamic state .
A key part of the government 's strategy has been the mass trial of reformist political figures accused of supporting the post-election unrest and seeking to topple the regime through a " velvet revolution " .
Abtahi's daughter , Fatemeh Abtahi , was quoted by Kaleme as saying that security agents searched her father 's Tehran home in his presence yesterday , after which he was taken to a court where he was told about his sentence and then returned to jail .
Abtahi made televised confessions after his arrest in which he admitted provoking people to riot .
His family and fellow reformers said the confessions were obtained under duress .
Abtahi was a top adviser to pro-reform cleric Mehdi Karoubi , who finished fourth in the presidential elections .
Kaleme said his lawyer would seek his release on bail .
Iran 's judiciary said last week that five people have been sentenced to death and 81 have received jail terms of up to 15 years in connection with protests and violence after the poll , but it did not give their names .
The head of a hardline political party , Mohammad Nabi Habibi , called yesterday for Mousavi to face trial for spreading the " big lie " of vote fraud .
Any legal action against Mousavi , who came second in the election , could trigger new street protests by his backers .
Meanwhile Iran 's military has said it will begin large - scale air defence drills today , with a cleric in the Revolutionary Guards warning that the Islamic Republic would fire missiles at " the heart of Tel Aviv " if attacked .
The war games , due to last five days , are intended to help protect Iran 's nuclear facilities , according to Iranian media .
The declaration came as a UN committee voted to approve a non-binding resolution condemning Iran for its crackdown on protesters following the presidential elections .
The resolution also repeated annual criticism of Iran 's human rights record , including the use of torture and an increasing execution rate .
Iran 's UN ambassador , Mohammad Khazaee , dismissed the resolution as politically motivated .
A skunk in Oklahoma , USA , was rescued by a good samaritan and a ' skunk whisperer ' after it got its head stuck in a jar of peanut butter .
Teresa
Vick spotted the stuck skunk while delivering papers and called for help .
Ned Bruha , ' Skunk Whisperer ' , used a small amount of chloroform to slow the animal down and trap him , before he was able to pull the jar off without the skunk being injured or spraying its foul scent .
When Richard Diebenkorn 's understated masterpiece , " Ocean Park No. 107 , " awakes from its eight - month nap , it will find its home at the Oakland Museum of California completely transformed .
Gone will be the quiet , static corridors and hushed galleries .
The museum , when it reopens in May after a $ 58 million renovation , will be alive with late - night revelry and cutting - edge exhibitions officials hope will be a cornerstone of Oakland 's blossoming nightlife and cultural scene .
" In these tough times , the creativity and arts in the East Bay just continues to grow , " said senior museum curator Rene de Guzman .
" We 're going to be a part of that . "
The museum , home to 2 million artworks , artifacts and specimens , closed in August for its first major overhaul in its 40 - year history .
The new museum will have more gallery space and an upgraded electrical system that will allow for video installations and other contemporary art that the museum was previously unable to accommodate .
The programming will be updated , too .
Fourth - graders from throughout Northern California will still take their Gold Rush field trips there , but the museum will also offer free gatherings to meet local artists , social events mixing science and art , films and video exhibits , interactive art shows , culinary events and later hours .
The changes will be a boon to the art scene , not just locally but across the region , said Stephen Beal , president of California College of the Arts .
" The Oakland Museum is really a wonderful resource , " he said .
" That they 're undergoing this large - scale renovation shows that , even in these times , culture is important . "
The museum is best known for its vast collection of California history , art and scientific works .
Among its treasures are a pair of Gold Rush - era Levi's , 2,500 Indian baskets , original Grateful Dead concert posters , Dorothea Lange 's archives and paintings by California 's most influential artists , such as Diebenkorn .
The focus on California will take on new dimensions when the museum reopens .
Visitors will be able to chart their own immigration stories on an interactive map , paint self - portraits and vote on " artifact of the year . "
" We want visitors to feel like they 're part of California , they 're part of this story , " said museum director Lori Fogarty .
" We particularly want to reach out to people who are not traditional museum visitors . "
Fogarty hopes that after the renovation , museum attendance will jump from about 200,000 a year to at least 300,000 .
The museum could use the income .
About half its revenue comes from the city of Oakland , which has been slashing staffing , salaries and services across the city , and the rest comes from grants and donations .
" People have had a perception that not a lot had changed here .
They did n't know much about us , " Fogarty said .
" Now we have a chance to change that .
We 're going to be known . "
Digital Kayak Seeking Balance in Canadian Copyright Law
We need a new copyright model .
Artists , musicians , film - makers , all deserve to be compensated for their work , but the public 's rights must also be respected .
By Adrian Duyzer
Published August 20 , 2009
Canadian copyright law is currently the subject of public consultations .
The last time the government tried to introduce a copyright bill was in 2008 with Bill C - 61 , which would have been disastrous for Canadians had it passed .
Fortunately , it died on the order paper when the government was dissolved .
The Conservatives are taking another crack at it now , but this time they are consulting the public before they introduce a bill .
Of course , the public does n't just mean ordinary Canadians .
It also means powerful lobbies representing the music and movie industries and the organizations that launder policy for them , producing reports that are outdated , false and even outright plagiarized .
The positions of these lobbies have coalesced .
They are advocating for a " three strikes " policy that would revoke Internet access for users alleged to have engaged in copyright infringement ; legislation to prevent people from picking digital locks ( defeating DRM ) ; a policy called " notice and takedown " that means a copyright holder can allege a service provider is hosting copyrighted material which forces them to take it down ; limited fair dealing provisions ; and other restrictive policies .
These organizations want you to think that copyright exists simply to protect the rights of creators .
That common perception is not true .
Piracy and Preservation
For centuries , the only way books could be distributed was by the painstaking effort of scribes .
Before the 13th century , most books were produced by monks .
During the 12th and 13th centuries , secular scribes began copying books for commercial purposes .
Scribes had a demanding task .
The only way to copy books was by hand , letter by letter .
Scribes needed to be highly educated and extremely dedicated .
Their task was technically challenging and morally perilous : the duplication of holy books required rigorous attention to accuracy , because putting words in God 's mouth was not taken lightly .
The labour of scribes is the reason we are still able to read books that were written thousands of years ago .
The works of Homer , Plato and Sophocles , the Bible , histories of the Roman and other empires , have all come to us by way of their efforts .
If scribes existed today , however , we'd have a different name for them .
We 'd call them pirates .
The Copyright Bargain
The word pirate has lost much of its sting in the modern era because of fictional characters .
There 's a certain romance associated with pirates , until you 're confronted with their brutal reality , which is a lot more like the coast of Somalia than the deck of Captain Jack Sparrow 's ship .
In the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries , authors started using the word pirates to refer to the publishers of unauthorized copies of their works .
Their frustration with these copies was not always rooted in economics .
Martin Luther was mostly concerned about the veracity of the copies : " [ these ] thievish pirate printers handle our work faithlessly .
Because in their hunger for money they do not worry themselves about whether one of their pirated texts is correct or erroneous . "
When today 's copyright lobby uses this term their rationale is simple : people who copy are pirates , hijackers , and thieves , so they have no rights .
That means the only side whose rights matter in the relationship between content producers and the public is the side of the content producers .
That 's a distorted view of copyright .
The Statute of Anne , enacted in Britain in 1710 , is the first full - fledged copyright law ( Canada 's copyright law was based on the British Copyright Act of 1911 , the third successor to the Statute of Anne ) .
Its two reasons for existence : the prevention of the ruin of authors because of unauthorized copying of their works , and " the Encouragement of Learned Men to Compose and Write useful Books " .
Why encourage the writing of useful books ?
Because useful books are good for society .
The US constitution provides for a copyright system in Article I , Section 8 , where it claims the right of the state " To promote the progress of science and useful arts , by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries " .
In a court case decided in 1932 ( Fox Film v. Doyal ) , the US Supreme Court ruled that " The sole interest of the United States and the primary object in conferring the [ copyright ] monopoly lie in the general benefits derived by the public from the labors of authors . "
In other words , when the US Constitution speaks of progress in " science and useful arts " , it does so to enrich society .
So the intent of copyright was never to simply reflect the wishes of content creators .
There 's a balance here , which forms the basis of the copyright bargain .
In order to encourage authors to publish new material , the government has bargained away our right to copy works .
But how fair is this bargain ?
Copyright Should Serve Public Interest
In Canada , the law is already stacked heavily in favour of copyright holders .
Copyright holders hold exclusive rights to publication , presentation and adaptation into other works : virtually any substantial use of the work at all .
And copyright lasts a long time : the author 's life plus 50 years .
The public , on the other hand , gets some rights under the principle of fair dealing ( fair use in the US ) .
This allows for news reporting , reviews , private study , educational use , research and criticism .
In Canada , many of the activities allowed under American fair use provisions are not legal , including parody , reverse engineering , and time - shifting ( that 's right , what you do with your DVR / PVR is not technically legal ) .
Richard Stallman argues in Misinterpreting Copyright , " If copyright is a bargain made on behalf of the public , it should serve the public interest above all .
The government 's duty when selling the public 's freedom is to sell only what it must , and sell it as dearly as possible . "
Will the Conservative government drive a hard bargain on behalf of Canadians ?
New Copyright Model Needed
Right now , the copyright lobby is urging the Canadian government to pass harsher laws , laws that if passed will undoubtedly have serious consequences for the unlucky few who are singled out from millions of Canadians for prosecution .
They are doing so because their industry is undergoing major structural changes that they are helpless to prevent .
The entire business model of record labels has been turned on its head .
Artists that used to be reliant on record labels for distribution can use the Internet instead ( Radiohead and Nine Inch Nails are notable examples ) .
File sharing is incredibly widespread .
According to the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) , 60 million Americans have used file sharing , more than voted for Barack Obama .
This is not a phenomenon that can be stopped .
What we need is a new model .
Artists , musicians , film - makers , all deserve to be compensated for their work .
The public 's rights must also be respected .
The situation cries out for a creative resolution that fairly balances the rights of both sides in the copyright bargain without criminalizing file - sharers ( or revoking their Internet access on the basis of allegations ) .
Other models do exist .
The EFF has proposed a system called voluntary collective licensing , the same system that " brought broadcast radio in from the copyright cold in the first half of the 20th century " :
Songwriters originally viewed radio exactly the way the music industry today views KaZaA users - as pirates .
After trying to sue radio out of existence , the songwriters ultimately got together to form ASCAP ( and later BMI and SESAC ) .
Radio stations interested in broadcasting music stepped up , paid a fee , and in return got to play whatever music they liked , using whatever equipment worked best .
Today , the performing - rights societies ASCAP and BMI collect money and pay out millions annually to their artists .
Even though these collecting societies get a fair bit of criticism , there 's no question that the system that has evolved for radio is preferable to one based on trying to sue radio out of existence one broadcaster at a time . [...]
The same thing could happen today for file - sharing : Copyright holders could get together to offer their music in a " blanket license " - easy - to - pay , all - you - can - eat , music buffet .
We could get there without the need for changes to copyright law and with minimal government intervention .
This may not be the best system , but it demonstrates that there are creative solutions to this dilemma , including some that have n't even been dreamed up yet .
I think we can develop a made - in - Canada approach that benefits everyone , not just corporations clinging to an outdated business model .
Your Chance to Speak Out
The copyright consultations end on September 13 , which means there is not a lot of time left for you to tell the government what you want from new copyright legislation .
All you have to do is visit the website and answer a few questions in an email .
For an example submission , check out Michael Geist 's submission on speakoutoncopyright .ca ( the entire site is an excellent resource ) .
When I send my submission , I 'll post it here as well .
Adrian Duyzer is an entrepreneur , business owner , and Associate Editor of Raise the Hammer .
He lives in downtown Hamilton with his family .
On Twitter : adriandz
9 Comments Read Comments
Post a Comment
You must be logged in to comment .
UPDATE : Following the publication of this article , Microsoft has released a statement to PCR refuting some of the claims made below .
Click here to read it .
This ( partner conference in Wembley Stadium ) is the biggest Microsoft partner event for five years in the UK – what are the main things you want to achieve with it ?
Over the years we ’ve not done enough to connect with out partner communities .
I think Scott ( Dodds , Microsoft ’s general manager for small to medium enterprises ) used the words cumbersome , large and complex .
I ’d echo that .
We need to be sure that we ’re actually addressing the needs of the end user more effectively – we do that through our partner communities .
We ’re not a direct sales organisation , everything is through our partners .
We need to ensure we ’re providing our partners with the tools they need to sell to those end customers .
That ’s the message we want to get across today – it is really Microsoft coming back to the channel and saying , ‘ We recognise that we have n’t been as effective as we need to be in our engagement with you , we recognise there ’s been some challenges .
This is an excellent time to come and talk to you with the product launches that are coming . ’
We ’ve never had a sustained period of product launches of this magnitude .
If you lookover the next nine months , it ’s a significant change in the development of our technology .
How much feedback are you taking from the partners ?
Could you do with more of it ?
The answer is yes , we need more .
We ’ve made a lot of changes , so after the last 18 months – really since Scott came into the role and looked to redefine his part of the business – we ’ve made a number of changes to try and allow us to get closer to our partner communities .
If you look at the SMB market ( classified as firms with 0 - 250 employees ) , we ’ve made some significant changes internally at Microsoft .
When I joined three years ago there was n’t a dedicated sales focus on this area , we did n’t really have an internal infrastructure that was targeted at supporting it .
Now we ’ve got something in the region of 30 sales people working regionally within the UK .
The regions are important , you ca n’t treat everyone the same .
From an SMB perspective we ’ve segmented the country by RDA region .
We put people out in the field to try and create communities and a local Microsoft presence .
Was a ‘ one size fits all ’ policy followed in the past , then ?
I would n’t say ‘ policy ’ , but our messaging became ‘ one size fits all ’ for whatever reason .
The change in the economy over the last couple of years specifically has forced Microsoft and many other organisations out there to revisit what their value proposition is .
The term ‘ SMB ’ did n’t used to exist at Microsoft formally until about six months ago , so we ’ve restructured our routes to market globally .
Have you been forced to do this by the recession ?
I think we would have got there anyway , but what has gone on in the world has expedited that change , without a doubt .
I think historically we would have gone out with a broader ‘ one size fits all ’ approach , and now we have a much more partner - focused approach .
[ A recession ] forces the mind .
It forces to you think more clearly around what you are trying to achieve and what were the blockers .
When the sun is shining there ’s no incentive to change the roof on your house .
It ’s only when its raining that you realise there ’s a problem .
Is Windows 7 really a much more agile operating system , in terms of the specific uses it can be moulded to ?
The interesting thing is , it ’s basically the next version of Vista .
Vista was a totally redesigned operating system from XP .
We ’ve improved upon Vista in that way .
We ’ve stripped out a lot of the code , we ’ve made a lot of it much more efficient , it sits on a smaller footprint , it operates far more quickly , it ’s far more agile and effective in terms of the calls it makes .
I saw an article recently that described it as ‘ Vista on steroids ’ , and in some ways you can absolutely relate to that .
One of the things that people say an awful lot about the Apple Mac is that the OS is fantastic , that it ’s very graphical and easy to use .
What we ’ve tried to do with Windows 7 – whether it ’s traditional format or in a touch format – is create a Mac look and feel in terms of graphics .
We ’ve significantly improved the graphical user interface , but it ’s built on that very stable core Vista technology , which is far more stable than the current Mac platform , for instance .
So you ’ve taken the style of the Mac platform and built it on the more solid foundations of Vista ?
We ’ve taken everything that ’s good about Vista , along with the core infrastructure of the operating system , and we ’ve made it faster and slimmed down the code to make it more effective .
We ’ve also tried to listen to what customers want in terms of a much slicker user interface and the ability to engage with it far more intuitively .
That ’s the product that we ’re delivering .
You ’re also going to be launching Office 2010 as part of your nine - month product roadmap , would you say that ’s been updated in a similar way – streamlined with an improved user interface ?
It is the next step in terms of trying to address the consistent feedback , which is all around usability .
For us it takes what is a fantastically stable and successful product and addresses the need for that technological evolution realistically .
We ’ve significantly beefed up the capabilities of Excel in terms of the amount of data it can handle and the functionality and the reporting pieces , for example .
We ’ve looked at PowerPoint and what people want to do with that , and how we can make sure manipulating high - resolution video is inherent within the product .
It ’s a very exciting time for us in terms of what we can bring for end customers , such as improving business productivity , driving down costs within organisations , with the business productivity concept .
DARPA may have already gone to the trouble of building a 1.8 gigapixel camera as part of its ARGUS - IS project ( pictured above ) , but it looks like the US Army is setting its sights a little higher , and it's now soliciting proposals for a 2.3 gigapixel camera that would be used for some super - wide aerial surveillance .
While obviously still quite a ways from becoming reality , the Army hopes the system will be both smaller and lighter than previous systems , work in the infrared range to boot , and capture images at a rate of two frames per second .
The key bit , however , is of course that 2.3 gigapixel sensor , which should let the camera provide continuous coverage of a range of about sixty - two square miles at a resolution of 0.3 meters , or just enough to make out the outline of your tinfoil hat .
The skull of a prehistoric sea monster so large it could make mincemeat of a T Rex has been unearthed on the Dorset coast .
The ferocious creature , called a pliosaur , terrorised the oceans 150 million years ago during the time of the dinosaurs .
Experts say the 8 ft - long skull is so big it could have belonged to one of the largest pliosaurs ever found – a monstrous predator measuring more than 52 foot in length .
The remains were found by a fossil hunter along the World Heritage Jurassic Coast , a 95 - mile stretch of beach and cliff between Dorset and East Devon .
The exact location near Charmouth in Dorset has been kept secret to stop others raiding the spot .
Pliosaurs were a form of plesiosaur – a group of giant aquatic reptiles – with short necks and huge , crocodile - like heads .
The creatures were vicious hunters , whose four paddle - like limbs , powerful jaws and huge , razor - sharp teeth made quick work of passing prey .
Dr Richard Forrest , a plesiosaur expert , said : ‘ Seeing this thing in the flesh , so to speak , is just jaw dropping .
It is simply enormous and truly monstrous .
This was the top level predator of its day .
Its jaw was designed to deliver a bite so powerful that it could have ripped a car in half with no problem .
It could have taken a human in one gulp .
In fact , something like a T Rex would have been breakfast for a beast like this .
’Scientists believe the specimen could be one of the largest pliosaurs yet found , rivalling recent finds in Svalbard , Norway , where beasts dubbed The Monster and Predator X were thought to measure 49ft .
The skull , which is 90 per cent complete , was painstakingly unearthed piece by piece over eight years by local fossil hunter Kevan Sheehan , 40 .
He found the first of the 25 bones in 2000 .
Check more Daily News
image
Dieselskandal , Wirecard , Cum - Ex : Auf der Anklagebank : Die Justiz nimmt immer öfter Topmanager ins Visier
Der Prozess - Auftakt gegen Ex -Audi -Chef Stadler und andere zeigt : Die Gerichte verschärfen ihre Gangart gegenüber Spitzenmanager .
Bald dürfte es auch Unternehmen treffen .
Mehr… Von Heike Anger , René Bender , Dieter Fockenbrock , Felix Holtermann und Volker Votsmeier
Former tennis star Andre Agassi has admitted the lion mane - style hairstyle he sported during the 1990s was actually a wig , in extracts from his autobiography published in British weekend newspapers .
Agassi said he wore a hairpiece held together with pins in his first Grand Slam final , the 1990 French Open final , and blamed his concerns that it would fall apart for losing the match to Andres Gomez .
Before the match he prayed " not for victory , but that my hairpiece would not fall off " , he writes in " Open " .
- video encodings still in process -
The story of the MP - 43/ 44 , German assault rifle of World War 2
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
November 17 , 2009
The attack against Tea Party activists in the video below is a direct result of the concerted campaign by the corporate media — in particular Chris Matthews — to portray Tea Party activists and supporters as racist .
It ’s an example of pro-Obama brown - shirt thuggery .
In August , SEIU ( Service Employees International Union ) knuckle - draggers attacked anti-Obamacare demonstrators at a U.S. Rep. Russ Carnahan , D - St. Louis , event in Mehville , Missouri .
Kenneth Gladney , who was handing out Gadsen flags outside the stage - managed event , was viciously beaten by a male SEIU member and an unidentified woman .
Gladney was hospitalized with multiple injuries .
The attack came after House Speaker Nancy Pelosi characterized anti-Obamacare demonstrators as “ astroturfers ” and Nazis .
Carnahan characterized the opposition as “ disrupters ” and said they were “ mobilized ” by “ special interests in Washington who have lined their pockets by overcharging Americans for a broken health care system . ”
In fact , as Ohio Democrat Dennis Kucinich and others have noted , Obamacare is a bailout for the insurance industry .
Special interests control Obama and the Democrats , not members of the Tea Party movement .
Pro-Obama operatives and pundits at MSNBC — again , specifically Chris Matthews and the SPLC and ADL — should be held to account for their incendiary comments now resulting in violence .
In August , a La Raza supporter attacked attendees at a town hall meeting held by Texas Democrat Gene Green .
The man was arrested by police .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Alex Jones covers the racism of La Raza and pro-amnesty activists in Battle For The Republic , an extra included with his film , Endgame : Blueprint Global Enslavement .
CNN engaged in biased reporting today when it characterized the Southeast Michigan Volunteer Militia as a group that represents a potential threat to the government .
CNN will continue its series with a report on the Oath Keepers .
On October 21 , Chris Matthews attempted to portray Stewart Rhodes of the Oath Keepers as a gun-toting maniac .
It remains to be seen how fair and balanced CNN will be toward Rhodes and the Oath Keepers .
Notice , in the ANSWER Coalition literature below , there is a direct call for violence against “ tea baggers ” ( the same term used by Matthews , Anderson Cooper , and other corporate media talking heads ) .
ANSWER is a Marxist - Leninist organization ( specifically , the Workers World Party , a communist organization with roots going back to the Soviet Union ) .
An account of the attack by ALIPAC ( Americans for Legal Immigration ) follows :
Supporters of President Obama ’s Amnesty plans attacked Tea Party Against Amnesty & Illegal Immigration demonstrators in Ft. Lauderdale , Florida on Sat. November 14 , 2009 .
One of the men attacked is 62 years old .
Dave Caulkett of FLIMEN ( Floridians for Immigration Enforcement ) is assaulted and then kicked in the face while he is down .
The other camera man from the Tea Party is hit with several signs .
Those attacking the Americans that oppose Amnesty for illegal aliens were organized by ANSWER Florida .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Here is the exact text of their e-mail invitation which was a prelude to these violent assaults on Americans that stand with the 80 % of Americans that oppose Amnesty for illegal aliens .
For more information about these assaults please contact Americans for Legal Immigration PAC ALIPAC via http://www.alipac.us
—-
Pro Amnesty group ANSWER Florida sent this out ..
“ That is why we are calling on all people to come out tomorrow , to organize a militant confrontation with the so - called “ tea baggers . ”
Beating back these forces will require us to organize together , take the streets , fight the racists wherever they show their faces and drive them out of every community . ”
Protest Tomorrow to Shut Down Racist
“ Anti-Amnesty ” Rally
Saturday , November 14 12:00 PM
Fort Lauderdale , Corner of Oakland Park and Federal Highway
The ANSWER Coalition is calling on all its members , allies , and friends to join us tomorrow to confront and shut down the racist “ Anti-Amnesty Tea Party ” in Ft. Lauderdale .
The “ Anti-Amnesty ” rallies being held across the country tomorrow have been initiated by fascist , white supremacist organizations that include the Minutemen and the so - called Americans for Legal Immigration .
…
Racism is like anything else in this world : in order to make it fall , you must smash it !
That is why we are calling on all people to come out tomorrow , to organize a militant confrontation with the so - called “ tea baggers . ”
Beating back these forces will require us to organize together , take the streets , fight the racists wherever they show their faces and drive them out of every community .
The racist demonization of immigrants only serves the interest of the ruling class during this historical economic crisis .
The same bankers , CEO’s , and politicians , both Democrat and Republican , which have for decades devastated the economies of countries in Latin America , Asia , and Africa , have once again devastated the economy in this country .
The same ruling class that devastates the lives of working people in other nations through war and super - exploitation are the ones throwing workers out of their homes , denying them healthcare , and laying them off from their jobs in this country .
Racism is consciously used as a tool by the ruling class because they know that as long as working people are divided and fighting each other , the people are not fighting the bankers , CEO ’s , and politicians .
Only under a brutal system that puts profit over people can you have a whole section of society whose only crime is being forced from their nations because of imperialism and forced to work in the most hostile of conditions in this country .
Only racism can justify this reality .
The continual devastation of working people because of this crisis , however , is not the fault of one group of workers .
On October 28th , President Obama signed the largest military budget in U.S. history - $ 680 billion dollars , which does not include the cost of the criminal occupations of Iraq and Afghanistan .
The new administration is also continuing to hand out the $ 9.5 trillion dollars in working people ’s tax dollars to bailout the already rich .
The money to end the suffering of all working people tomorrow is there .
It is our choice as to whether we will allow the right of a few to profit from labor of workers to continue , or whether we will rise up as one class of working people to and take political power into our own hands .
We are building a movement that will beat back racism so that working people of all nationalities can unite and fight against our one , shared enemy : capitalism .
Amnesty , full rights for ALL immigrants , is a demand that should be raised not just by the immigrant communities , but by every working class community in our struggle to solve this crisis by our own means .
Join us tomorrow , and join us in building the movement against racism and capitalist exploitation !
For more information , contact 305- 710 - 3189 or [ email protected ] !
This article was posted : Tuesday , November 17 , 2009 at 5:26 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Innovators are rarely satisfied with the first draft , even when that draft is revolutionary .
RepRap , the open source 3D printer team that hopes to one day develop fully self replicating machines , has released its second generation device .
Known as Mendel , the new printer is physically smaller and weighs considerably less than its predecessor ( called Darwin ) but is also able to create larger objects .
The design has also been altered to make it easier to build and less prone to jams .
You can find the files to build your own Mendel on Sourceforge .
We ’ve got some great RepRap videos for you after the break : Mendel ’s first piece , an explanation of the improvements in Mendel , and Adrian Bowyer showing the ( partially ) self replicating factory of RepRap machines .
As we ’ve discussed before , RepRap is n’t the only open source 3D printer , and it ’s not even the only 3D printing team we admire .
But , worldwide , RepRap might be the most famous .
That fame leads to attracting more users , and more users means more complaints .
Which is a good thing .
After all , one of the big advantages of open source design is the chance for everyone to pitch in and help improve it .
Mendel replacing Darwin is just the first step .
Like their namesakes imply , these machines are in a constant state of evolution .
Bowyer and the rest of the RepRap user base are n’t just aiming for 3D printing perfection , they ’re also moving towards replication .
A machine that can build anything , including itself , will revolutionize manufacturing , the economy , and the world .
Mendel ’s first print from Rep Rap on Vimeo .
Mendel ’s improvements over Darwin from Rep Rap on Vimeo .
Multiple RepRaps from Rep Rap on Vimeo .
Of course , the dream of self replication is still a ways off .
While many , if not all , of the plastic pieces in Mendel can be printed on the machine , the metallic support rods , the electronics , and many other components cannot .
Darwin boasted 60 % of its parts could be created by the device itself , so it will be interesting to see if Mendel ’s ratio is higher .
Hopefully that information will be released soon .
In the meantime , go download the designs for Mendel , purchase the approximately £ 350 in needed parts , and get to printing .
The first one to send me a plastic model of Mendel , printed by a Mendel , wins .
[ photo credit : RepRap ]
Forget dual - core and quad - core processors :
A semiconductor company promises to pack 100 cores into a processor that can be used in applications that require hefty computing punch , like video conferencing , wireless base stations and networking .
By comparison , Intel 's latest chips are expected to have just eight cores .
" This is a general - purpose chip that can run off - the - shelf programs almost unmodified , " says Anant Agarwal , chief technical officer of Tilera , the company that is making the 100 - core chip .
" And we can do that while offering at least four times the compute performance of an Intel Nehalem - Ex , while burning a third of the power as a Nehalem . "
The 100 - core processor , fabricated using 40 - nanometer technology , is expected to be available early next year .
In a bid to beat Moore 's law ( which states number of transistors on a chip doubles every two years ) , chip makers are trying to either increase clock speed or add more cores to a processor .
But cranking up the clock speed has its limitations , says Will Strauss , principal analyst with research and consulting firm Forward Concepts .
" You ca n't just keep increasing the clock speed so the only way to expand processor power is to increase the number of cores , which is what everyone is trying to do now , " he says .
" It 's the direction of the future . "
In fact , Intel 's research labs are already working on a similar idea .
Last year , Intel showed a prototype of a 80 - core processor .
The company has promised to bring that to consumers in about five years .
Tilera , a start - up that was spun out of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , started in 2007 .
It says its product will be available in the next few months , which means the company , if successful , will have gone from zero to shipping a powerful chip in just about three years — a very fast time frame in the semiconductor world .
That 's because it has created a chip architecture that removes the challenges present in Intel 's x86 design .
As the number of cores on a chip multiplies , a major challenge is how to connect the chip to memory without choking up the processor .
That 's why Agarwal says Tilera has used a mesh network architecture .
It eliminates the " on-chip bus interconnect , " a central intersection found in most multi-core CPUs through which information must flow through to get between the cores of a chip .
That central interconnect presents bandwidth issues of its own , and also forces engineers to limit the number of cores on a chip to avoid information gridlock .
Instead , Tilera places a communication switch on each processor and arranges them in grid - like fashion on the chip .
Because the overall bandwidth is greater than that of a central bus , and because the distance between individual cores is smaller , Tilera says it can cram in as many as 100 cores on a processor without running into bus - bandwidth congestion .
Each core has a full - featured , general - purpose processor that includes L1 and L2 caches , and a distributed L3 cache .
The cores are overlaid with the mesh network , which provides extremely low - latency , high - bandwidth communications between the cores , memory and the processor 's input and output .
" If you need huge computing power , say for instance to encode and decode multiple video streams , our processor can do it at much more efficiency than Intel chip or a digital signal processor , " Agarwal says .
And unlike GPU - based computing systems , programmers can recompile and run applications and programs designed for Intel 's x86 architecture on Tilera 's processor .
" Tilera has put forth a novel approach to massively parallel programming , " Strauss says .
" The 100 - core processor is closer to a generic processor than anything else we have seen before . "
Do n't expect it to run Windows 7 on it though .
For that , consumers will have to wait for Intel 's version in a few years .
See Also :
Photo : Tilera 's wafer for 64 - core processor / Tilera
BRUSSELS --
The World Trade Organization ruled Friday that plane maker Airbus received illegal subsidies from European governments , according to two people familiar with the matter .
The WTO said in a confidential interim ruling that the preferential government loans for the A380 passenger jet constituted an illegal export subsidy , these people said .
The decision could give the U.S. government and Chicago - based Boeing Co. legal ammunition to contest future funding for Airbus , a unit of European Aeronautic Defence & Space Co .
...
Walmart , the world 's largest retailer , is embroiled in a child labour scandal in the United States , after children as young as five were found working on a farm that supplies blueberries to the company .
The revelations came as federal authorities said spot checks on farms in the state of Michigan found that more than half were violating child labour or migrant housing rules .
Human rights groups have stepped up their calls for a clampdown on agricultural businesses , where they say children are routinely exploited .
Poor families put their children to work to make ends meet , while agriculture bosses , struggling to meet supermarkets ' relentless demands for lower - priced goods , are turning a blind eye , campaigners say .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Walmart and two other supermarket chains said they were suspending dealings with Adkin Blue Ribbon Packing Co , the Michigan - based supplier at the heart of the latest scandal .
Walmart will not buy anything from Adkin " pending the outcome of an investigation by our ethical sourcing team " , a company spokesman said .
Adkin general manager Tony Marr said the company did not condone the use of children at its growing facilities .
" Walmart , Kroger and Meijer are very large customers of ours , " he said .
" We 're cooperating with them in providing information about our internal investigation , trying to figure out what the kids were doing there . "
The children were being put to work because their small hands are more efficient at picking the tiny fruit .
They carted buckets of blueberries and provided other help to their parents , also workers on the farm , according to footage obtained by ABC News .
A five - year - old girl named Suli was shown lugging two full buckets of blueberries picked by her parents and her brothers , aged seven and eight .
An 11 - year - old boy on the farm said he had been picking blueberries there for three years .
Government investigators found four children working in Adkin 's fields during an unannounced visit in July .
At least two of the children were under 12 , including a six - year - old .
Federal law does not allow children younger than 12 to work on farms .
Children who are 12 or 13 can have non-hazardous farm jobs outside of school hours if they work on the same farm as their parents or with written parental consent .
In all other industries , the minimum age for workers is 14 .
Human Rights
Watch , which is campaigning to have the minimum age equalised , says that the laws covering child labour on farms reflect a " bygone era " .
The group 's executive director , Lois Whitman , wrote to Congress last month saying : " Today , the vast majority of child farmworkers are not working on their parents ' land but are hired labourers employed by large commercial enterprises , and exposed to the increased hazards of heavy mechanization and pesticide use . "
Thomas Thornburg , attorney of Farmworker Legal Services , said labour law violations are rampant among farms that use migrant workers .
" This is n't one abusive employer , " he said after the ABC News investigation at Adkin .
Michigan is America 's largest blueberry producer .
Federal checks of 35 farms in the state led to eight being fined for violating child labour laws .
Adkin was fined for both housing and child labour violations , and it paid more than $ 5,500 ( £ 3,345 ) in penalties .
California First Lady Maria
Shriver addresses the audience at the first annual Night at the Village , presented by The Women 's Conference , Tuesday , Oct. 21 , 2008 .
When women rise , nations benefit
A new study released by the Center for American Progress reveals positive news regarding the role of women in the American workplace .
Produced under the direction of Maria Shriver , a journalist , author and leader of The Women ’s Conference , “ The Shriver Report : A Woman ’s Nation Changes Everything ” finds that for the first time , women make up half our nation ’s labor force and are the primary or co-equal breadwinners in nearly two - thirds of American families .
According to the Shriver report , the rise of women in the workplace has been accompanied by a significant shift in social attitudes , including acceptance by men of women ’s professional roles and support for the idea that women should be entitled to equal pay for equal work .
Men are also more likely to agree that the challenge of meeting both economic needs and child - care responsibilities is a joint one , requiring the time and energy of both partners .
Advertisement
As members of the advisory committee for the study , who together make up the entire pool of former female secretaries of state , we find that the most intriguing aspects of the transformational shifts documented in this study are the implications for women across the globe .
The changing landscape of the American family and work force has been made possible only by extending equal opportunities for women in the classroom , in the boardroom and at the ballot box .
This equality empowers women with the freedom of choice — the universal right to determine their own destinies , careers , beliefs and family structures .
When women have the power to make their own choices , the chains of poverty can be broken , families are strengthened and socially constructive values are more likely to be handed down to the young .
They can finance their own businesses and contribute to their country ’s economy or teach their daughters and sons to promote innovation and creativity that will lift the world ’s poorest nations out of poverty .
When women are treated as chattel , however , the symptoms of social and moral decay are almost certain to spread .
A society that is not decent to women is not a decent society , and an indecent society is a dangerous one .
Men who tyrannize women are prone , in time , to extend their despotism to social and political rivals of every description .
In our 21st - century world , such societies ultimately pose the greatest threats to global security .
In Afghanistan , the Taliban ’s repression of women festered into a society that condoned terrorists who turned to violence against innocents as a form of political expression .
They must not be allowed to succeed .
We do not presume that the American model is the only correct one .
But we must extend to all societies the universal right of women to choose their own fortunes .
The Shriver report offers a path to such a future by shining a spotlight on the important gains that American women have made in the national economy .
It shows , in particular , the ability of people who believe in the need for change to alter deeply ingrained social attitudes through the steady application of pressure and persuasion .
This provides a timely and hopefully motivating course for a world in which the right kind of change is still desperately needed in countries where too many women remain without a choice .
Madeleine K. Albright , who was secretary of state from 1997 to 2001 , is chairwoman of the Albright Stonebridge Group .
Condoleezza Rice , who was secretary of state from 2005 to 2009 , is the Thomas and Barbara Stephenson senior fellow on public policy and professor of political science at the Hoover Institution , Stanford University .
Both served on the advisory committee for “ A Woman ’s Nation Changes Everything . ”
When the entertainers of the right are n't declaring their disgust with President Obama for groveling before foreign potentates , they 're pretending to fear him as a left - wing thug , an exemplar of what they call " the Chicago way . "
As imagined by the right , the men in the West Wing are like a demonic cross between the antiwar demonstrators who gathered in Grant Park in 1968 and the Chicago cops who cracked their hippie skulls .
Tremble , men of commerce , before this infernal combination .
Myths like this ...
As a Marine , Trevor Neiman survived three tours of duty in Iraq , where he patrolled the deadly streets of Fallouja and lost some of his best friends .
A knife attack at his Phelan home in May left the muscular man with a punctured lung , broken ribs and a ghastly head wound .
But that did n’t stop him from following in his father ’s footsteps and becoming a cable TV installer .
On Monday , Neiman , 25 , went to a Victorville home .
While he was inside , a man grabbed a hammer and fatally beat him .
“ There was no exchange of words .
There was nothing that occurred before the unprovoked attack , ” said Jody Miller , a spokeswoman for the San Bernardino County Sheriff ’s Department .
Paramedics rushed Neiman to Victor Valley Community Hospital , where he died of his injuries .
Advertisement
Authorities identified the alleged attacker as Johnny Acosta , 45 , of Hesperia , a relative of the homeowners .
Acosta fled the home after the 4:30 p.m. attack , but later surrendered to detectives without a struggle .
He was booked on suspicion of murder and was being held without bail at West Valley Detention Center .
Acosta is scheduled to appear in a Victorville court Thursday .
The motive for the attack remains unclear , Miller said .
Neiman was trying to build a life , said his sister , Casie Barnard , 26 , of Irvine .
She said he bought a house in May and recently was married at a “ rockabilly ” wedding in Las Vegas .
“ He used to joke about his nine lives , ” Barnard said .
“ He tried to live his life without fear . ”
Neiman loved dirt bikes , and it was while riding near his home in May that he got into an exchange with a man that led to his being stabbed six times , his sister said .
Advertisement
On his MySpace.com Web page , Neiman sarcastically states : “ Never bring your fist to a knife fight . ”
Several pictures on his photo pages document his head , body and leg wounds .
Three people were arrested on suspicion of attempted murder in the May attack .
“ When he came home from Iraq , we thought , ‘ Oh , OK , ’ he got home safe , ” Barnard said .
“ We do n’t have to worry . ”
Neiman served with the 3rd Battalion , 1st Marine Regiment ’s India Company from October 2003 to 2008 , according to his MySpace profile .
Advertisement
“ You ’re supposed to be safe coming back here , ” said a current Marine who served two tours with Neiman and asked to remain anonymous because he is on active duty .
“ To know you could just go out and do your job and someone would have something in their mind to do that to somebody .
It ’s sick . ”
--
nicole.santacruz@latimes.com
richard.winton@latimes.com
If you 've been following the health care debate over the last couple of years , you may have heard the grim tale of Nataline Sarkisyan .
Just 17 years old , afflicted with leukemia , she needed a liver transplant , but the insurance company Cigna refused to cover the surgery .
After being picketed by nurses and the family , the insurer relented , but too late :
She died that same day .
When he ran for president , John Edwards used the girl 's experience as proof of the need for reform .
Her parents went to Cigna headquarters to charge the company with killing their daughter to make money .
Lately , a liberal group called Americans United for Change has used her in a TV spot to dramatize its claim that " if insurance companies win , we lose . "
Her case is an excellent illustration of what is wrong with our approach to health care — but not how Cigna 's critics mean .
The insurer declined to pay for the transplant because , it said , " the treatment would be unproven and ineffective — and therefore experimental and not covered . "
Nataline 's surgeons disagreed , estimating she had a 65 percent chance of surviving six months with a new liver .
But Dr. Goran Klintmalm , head of the Baylor Regional Transplant Institute in Dallas , told The Los Angeles Times the surgery was " very high - risk " and " on the margins . "
Even on the best prognosis , she stood a one - in - three chance of dying — after undergoing a very expensive operation and taking a liver that might otherwise have gone to someone with a better chance of survival .
Maybe Cigna was mistaken .
Maybe not .
The problem is that the critics seem to imagine that once we crack down on insurance companies or go to a single - payer government health insurance plan , future patients like Nataline will get anything their doctors recommend .
They wo n't .
No matter how we " reform " health insurance , there will still be close calls , where it 's not clear that a costly procedure will actually do any good .
There will have to be someone , either in government or in the private sector , to decide which operations and treatments should be covered and which should not .
And there will be patients who will die after being refused .
Health care " reform " wo n't eliminate such incidents and may produce more of them .
Despite all those greedy private health insurers — or maybe because of them — Americans get far more liver transplants per capita than the residents of Canada , France , or Britain .
But liberals are not the only people who fantasize that our health care resources are unlimited .
Republicans have accused the Obama administration of plotting to set up " death panels " to ration care for seniors .
Former Lt. Gov. Betsy McCaughey of New York called the House Democratic health care bill " a vicious assault on elderly people " that will " cut your life short . "
Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele has taken the same tack .
After the administration proposed modest reductions in the growth of spending on Medicare , he did an impersonation of John Edwards .
" We want to make sure that we are not cutting the Medicare program , " Steele said .
" Anytime you get a body of individuals that go beyond me and my doctor who are going to make decisions about what kind of health care I get , that 's rationing of health care . "
But as long as someone else has to pay for those decisions , someone other than doctors and patients is going to make decisions about what treatments are worth the cost .
As it happens , Washington is not about to get stingy with seniors .
The cost constraints in the health care bills moving through Congress would trim total projected Medicare outlays by only 3 to 5 percent over the next decade .
A cut of 5 percent in 2019 spending , however , would leave it 80 percent higher than this year .
Ten years from now , even with such " cuts , " seniors will have more and better medical options than today .
Yet Republicans act as though everyone over 65 will be herded onto an iceberg and pushed out to sea .
What left and right have in common is the delusion that when it comes to medicine , nothing succeeds like excess .
But no health care measure can alter the fact that our resources are not unlimited .
We may not want to hear it , but no matter what kind of insurance system you have , sometimes someone has to say " no . "
COPYRIGHT 2009 CREATORS.COM
BEREA , Ohio -- Die -hard Browns fan Mike Randall made sure he put on his Sunday best for his important meeting with team owner Randy Lerner .
He wore a giant plastic dog bone hat .
The season - ticket holder , aka " Dawg Pound Mike , " one of the best known members of Cleveland 's rabid bleacher section of fans , spent two hours on Tuesday meeting with Lerner , who stepped away from a turbulent week and his busy schedule for the visit .
Randall and his friend , Tony Schafer , have been encouraging others to stay out of their seats for the opening kickoff of Cleveland 's next home game on Nov. 16 to protest the Browns ' futility .
The fans were scheduled to spend 30 minutes with Lerner but ended up staying much longer .
" It was great , " Randall said .
" How many owners would spend two hours meeting with two fans ?
None . "
Randall said Lerner was receptive to their ideas for improving the Browns ' game - day experience at Cleveland Browns Stadium and even tossed out a few of his own .
Randall , who has met Lerner several times , came away impressed with the owner 's passion and determination to get the Browns turned around .
" He 's doing everything he can to improve the Browns , " Randall said .
" He wants it to happen -- now . "
Lerner 's meeting with the fans came less than 24 hours after general manager George Kokinis was removed from his job , the latest upheaval for a franchise that has made the playoffs just once since 1999 and is on its fourth head coach in 10 years .
The camera - shy Lerner has yet to address the circumstances surrounding Kokinis ' departure .
Randall said Lerner liked the fans ' idea for displaying some of the team 's championship banners and retired jersey numbers inside the stadium .
Lerner also seemed unaware of the strict security measures in place at the stadium , a zero - tolerance policy that has upset some Cleveland fans .
" He 's a fan , just like us , " Randall said .
" He wants what 's best for Cleveland and I believe him .
He wants to win . "
Randall said he and Schafer are going forward with the " Brown out " protest despite their meeting with Lerner .
They will consider canceling it if Lerner agrees to speak to Browns fans , who walked out by the thousands during the second half of a recent home loss to Green Bay .
Randall said he presented Lerner with a quote from Theodore Roosevelt that he felt best summed up his desire to have Browns fans heard .
" It says , ' In any moment of decision , the best thing you can do is the right thing , the next best thing is the wrong thing , and the worst thing you can do is nothing , ' " Randall said .
" Randy liked that .
We 're doing something .
So is he . "
F.H.A. insurance was created for minority and low - income families who could not come up with the traditional down payment of 20 percent required by private lenders .
Buyers receive loans from government - approved lenders and are required to document their income and assets .
They must pay a substantial insurance premium of 1.75 percent of the loan .
But in return , their down payment can be as low as 3.5 percent .
Image Policy changes in insurance , while introduced on a temporary basis , are becoming so popular that they could prove difficult to undo .
Credit ... Joe Raedle / Getty Images
For decades , most F.H.A. loans were in low - cost states like Texas and Michigan .
Under the agency ’s loan limits , houses along the coasts were usually too expensive to qualify .
In 2007 , fewer than 4,400 F.H.A. loans were made in California , according to the research firm MDA DataQuick , and none were in San Francisco .
The Economic Stimulus
Act of 2008 helped change that by temporarily doubling the maximum loan the F.H.A. insured , to $ 729,750 .
A two - unit property like the one bought by Mr. Rowland and his friends can be insured for up to $ 934,200 .
“ F.H.A. financing was a lost language in San Francisco , the real estate equivalent of Aramaic , ” said Michael Ackerman , the agent who represented Mr. Rowland and his friends .
“ Once the limits were raised , smart buyers started calling . ”
The F.H.A. has insured more than 107,000 loans so far this year in the state , according to DataQuick , about 270 of them in San Francisco .
Condominium buildings approved for F.H.A. financing  a relative handful  trumpet the news on their Web sites .
The Soma Grand , a new 246 - unit building downtown where one - bedrooms cost in excess of $ 500,000 , received F.H.A. certification early in the summer .
A half - dozen buyers since then used F.H.A. insurance .
At Guarantee Mortgage Corporation , which has 150 mortgage brokers in the Bay Area , Seattle and Portland , Ore. , F.H.A. loans have grown to about 15 percent of its business , from less than 3 percent a few years ago .
Calls have been made for the pieces to be returned to Lewis New research has cast doubt on traditional theories about the historic Lewis Chessmen .
The 93 pieces - currently split between museums in Edinburgh and London - were discovered on Lewis in 1831 .
But the research suggests they may have been used in both chess and Hnefatafl - a similar game that was popular in medieval Scandinavia .
It also casts doubt on the traditional theory that the ivory pieces were lost or buried by a merchant .
The research was led by Dr David Caldwell of the National Museum of Scotland , who believes the Lewis chessmen were more likely to have belonged to a high - ranking person who lived on Lewis .
Dr Caldwell told the BBC's Good Morning Scotland programme that many of the pieces could have doubled for Hnefatafl , another conflict game which also pitted a king against pawns or warriors on the other side .
It is much more likely that the horde is in Lewis because it belonged to somebody who lived there rather than being abandoned by a merchant who was passing through
Dr David Caldwell
National Museum of Scotland
The ancient game has not survived into modern times .
For the first time , they also tried to work out which pieces were made by the same groups of craftsmen by measuring the chessmen 's faces , looking at their clothing , and studying details of the workmanship .
Dr Caldwell added : " We certainly still believe the pieces are Scandinavian in origin , perhaps made in a workshop by several masters in a city like Trondheim .
" But one of the main things I think we are saying in our research is that it is much more likely that the horde is in Lewis because it belonged to somebody who lived there rather than being abandoned by a merchant who was passing through .
" To take a relatively easy example , there is a praise poem written in the middle of the 13th century to Angus Mor of Isla , and the poem says that he inherited his ivory chess pieces from his father Donald - that makes
Angus the very first Macdonald , and the poem also makes him the king of Lewis .
" Now you of course you would be foolish to implicitly believe everything in a praise poem , but nevertheless it gives you some idea that we are dealing with a society in the west of Scotland - great leaders like Angus Mor , bishops , clan chiefs - who really valued playing chess and saw it as being one of their accomplishments . "
He said that the analysis tried to recognise the work of different craftsmen , and home in on pieces which may be replacements for ones which had been broken or lost .
They used a forensic anthropologist , Caroline Wilkinson based at Dundee University , to do a photogrammetric analysis of the faces as they believed individual craftsmen would have given their faces different characteristics , just like a modern - day political cartoonists .
Plenty of mystery Dr Caldwell said the chessmen suggested that there was a reasonable amount of wealth in the western Isles in the 13th century , perhaps because the medieval economy placed greater value on fairly barren land that could be used to raise cattle .
He added : " It was certainly leading men there , people who could make a lot of money either by raising cattle or frankly by going raiding - there was still in some ways a Viking way of life surviving into the 13th century . "
Despite the extensive research , Dr Caldwell said he still believed there was plenty of mystery surrounding the chessmen .
" I would be very disappointed if we have written the last word on the - what I hope we have done is opened up the debate and shown it is possible , even with something very well known , to discover new things , " he said .
The research will be published this week in the journal Medieval Archaeology .
Of the 93 pieces found , 82 are kept at the British Museum , with 11 held by the National Museum of Scotland .
Calls have been made for all of the pieces , which were made from walrus ivory and whales ' teeth , to be returned to Lewis .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
114 Best Resources for Promote your Design Related Articles and News
An army major accused of firing on and killing fellow soldiers in Texas is a US - born Muslim .
The reasons for the shooting are not clear , but Major Nidal Malik Hasan was reported to be unhappy at the alleged abuse he had received .
The BBC's Penny Spiller considers how it may affect the thousands of Muslims in the US military .
Major Hasan was due to be deployed to Afghanistan Major Nidal Malik Hasan is a career soldier with some 20 years experience , who had trained as a psychiatrist and treated troops returning from combat .
He is also reported to be a devout Muslim , who attended daily prayers at a mosque and was seen on the morning of the shooting wearing traditional Arabic dress as he shopped for groceries .
His relatives said he had become disillusioned with US military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan , and strongly opposed his own imminent deployment to Afghanistan .
He had also long wanted to leave the army after suffering harassment because of his religion , they said .
Whatever the motivation , the tragedy at Fort Hood army base highlights the sensitivities surrounding the issue of American Muslims serving in the US armed forces .
Kamran Memon of the organisation Muslims For a Safe America says the subject splits America 's Muslim community down the middle .
" Those at one end of the spectrum say we should have nothing to do with the US armed forces as they are involved in wars with our fellow Muslims abroad , " he told the BBC .
" Those at the other end say we should definitely serve and help defend our country against those who wish to attack it .
" There is no easy answer to this .
We are trying to encourage American Muslims to learn about these issues and use their critical thinking skills to reach informed conclusions so that we can become greater participants in the debate about national security issues . "
Fuelled tensions
Mr Memon says the vast majority of Muslim citizens in America are " able to live peaceful lives " , even though they have probably suffered some discrimination , if only a hostile look , since the 11 September 2001 attacks .
The shooting has shocked Muslim soldiers at Ford Hood
He believes that this will also be true of those Muslims who serve in the US armed forces .
However , there have been some high profile incidents in recent years that have fuelled tensions .
At a camp in Kuwait , as his unit prepared to move into Iraq in March 2003 , Sergeant Hasan Akbar threw hand grenades and opened fire on a tent full of sleeping soldiers in the early hours of the morning .
He killed two officers and injured 14 other personnel .
His family said he had been suffering religious and racial harassment from other soldiers , although no witnesses were provided at his trial .
The prosecution described him as a " hate - filled , ideologically driven murderer " .
Also in 2003 , a Muslim chaplain at Guantanamo Bay , Captain James
Yee , was accused of espionage and kept in solitary confinement for 76 days before all the charges were dropped .
He was given an honourable discharge - but not an apology - from the army a year later .
The case outraged Muslim Americans who felt Captain Yee had been singled out because of his religion .
' Sad fact '
It is not clear exactly how many Muslims serve in the 1.4 million - strong US armed forces , as recruits are not required to state their religion .
We have a diverse armed forces , and whatever their religion our troops have a part to play , and they play it very well
Lt Col Nathan Banks
Army spokesman According to the Pentagon , there are 3,572 Muslims in active service .
However , some Muslims in the military say the real number is as high as 20,000 .
The US government has made no secret of the fact that it would like to see more people from Arab and Muslim communities joining the armed forces .
More American Muslim troops on the ground in Iraq and Afghanistan has long been seen as a vital part in helping the US in its missions to win hearts and minds in those countries .
" They are a great asset to the army , " Lt Col Nathan Banks , army spokesman for the Pentagon , told the BBC .
" When they do deploy they help facilitate a lot of our missions .
American Muslims in the army work hand in hand with local Muslims , and we welcome that . "
He said the army did not foresee heightened tensions within its ranks as a result of Fort Hood .
" This was an isolated incident .
Our hearts go out to everyone affected by this , but the army will stay strong .
We have a diverse armed forces , and whatever their religion our troops have a part to play , and they play it very well . "
But anti-Muslim sentiment is being felt as a result of the shooting .
The Arab - American Institute - which condemned the massacre - said it had received at least one threatening phone call , and expected more .
One soldier at the Texas base admitted the coming days would be tough for his Muslim colleagues .
" They 've taken it hard due to the fact that it kind of puts a negative light on them and makes people distrust them , " he told the BBC .
" Because everybody is going to look at them [ and think ] : " Well , you 're probably going to pull something like this .
And it's a sad fact that that will happen " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Lou Dobbs was n't the only right - wing populist to attempt a dramatic CNN exit last night .
Unfortunately , he 's the only one who succeeded , because former Miss California and Christianist poster girl Carrie Prejean can't even throw a proper on - set hissy fit .
Larry King , the reigning champion of softball interviews , was apparently not soft enough for Ms. Prejean .
King broaches the subject of the lawsuit Carrie settled with Miss California USA .
( You know , the mediation where they screened her sex tape in front of her mom ? )
Then , Carrie complains that King is " being inappropriate , " and after a full minute of wrangling , she removes her microphone and announces she is leaving — only to end up sitting there for another minute , grinning and playing the " I ca - a - a n't he - e - ear y- o - o - ou " game until Larry cuts to commercial .
The ensuing commercial break was deeply suspenseful .
Would Carrie be on set when we returned ?
I can only imagine what sort of harsh , frantically whispered words were spoken during these moments , because when the show returned , Carrie 's microphone had miraculously been rewired and King apologized .
( Apparently Prejean did n't want to take phone calls , and it was the caller , not Larry 's questions , that so perturbed her ? )
A temporary rift in the time - space continuum healed and Larry King Live returned to being as heavy - hitting as a feather - stuffed cashmere pillow .
Mother expecting her 14th child vows : ' I 'll keep having babies until I have twins '
A pregnant woman silhouetted against a set of blinds
A mother expecting her 14th child has vowed to keep having children until she has twins .
Sara Foss , 39 , already picks up £ 50,000 in benefits every year .
She said : ' All I 've ever wanted is twins or triplets .
It 's my biggest wish , and I 'm going to keep trying until I do it .
' It would be fantastic .
In fact , I wo n't stop trying until I 've done it .
I love having babies - it 's the most wonderful thing in the world . '
Miss Foss , of Derby , was 16 when she had her first baby , Patrick , in 1986 .
But , traumatised by giving birth , she vowed not to have any more children .
It was a decade before she changed her mind and had a second son , Stephen .
She has almost averaged one birth a year since .
Miss Foss said : ' I got over my fear of labour and just started having kids .
They 're all brilliant .
They do n't give me any bother .
They 're fantastic .'
All bar Patrick share a three - bedroom council house with their mother and father , Miss Foss 's long - term partner Stephen Smith , 40 .
Even though Mr Smith works as a canal boat builder , the couple receives £ 4,200 in tax credits and family allowance every month .
Yet Miss Foss , who has just run up a £ 5,000 bill buying her children 's Christmas gifts at Toys R Us , claims they have to watch every penny .
She insisted yesterday : ' I had been saving up all year so that we would have enough money to get all the presents .
It was really hard work .
' We were in the shop for hours .
Stephen had to do several trips home to take back what we had bought .
I had blisters afterwards . '
Each week the family forks out around £ 600 on groceries - including 32 loaves of bread , 75lb of potatoes and 126 pints of milk .
They also buy 36 rolls of toilet paper , three boxes of washing powder and eight boxes of cereal during their regular supermarket shop .
Ms Foss named her seven - year - old son after Frodo from Lord of the Rings , her nine - month - old is called Voorhees after the Friday the 13th horror film character and her five - year - old is named Morpheus after the Matrix rebel leader
The annual school uniform bill is £ 2,000 , and their holiday at Butlin 's costs even more - mainly because they have to hire a minibus .
Miss
Foss begins her chores at 4 am every morning and keeps the house spotless to avoid being tagged a layabout scrounger .
She said : ' If people saw us living in a pigsty they would say that we were a scrounging , low - life family who begged from the state .
' They would say I was a slapper for having so many children and that I could n't even be bothered to keep the house looking nice .
' And that 's so not true .
Even when I 'm straight I can't put my feet up .
I 've been known to take down curtains at midnight and wash them . '
She added : ' We have a lot of bunkbeds and cots .
All the furniture in the bedrooms is on wheels so that we can move it at bedtime .
' Baudelaire sleeps in a travel cot , and a couple of the lads use an airbed .
It 's a squash and a squeeze , but it 's cosy .
It 's home . '
Now 20 weeks ' pregnant with baby number 14 , Miss Foss is preparing to welcome the clan 's latest arrival - and already planning for more .
She said : ' I wanted two - that 's the disappointing part of this pregnancy .
But there 's always next time .
I 'm going to keep trying , that 's for sure . '
Why Miss Foss gave her children such exotic names
Sara Foss and Stephen Smith have enjoyed conjuring up wild and wacky names for their 13 children .
We 've listed them , from oldest to youngest , and given Sara 's reasons for their names .
Patrick – named after Sara 's grandmother 's surname of Patrick
Stephen – after his doting dad , Stephen
Malachai – after a character in the horror film , Children of the Corn
Peppermint – after Sara started craving mints during her fourth pregnancy
Echo – after a group of eco-campaigners who Stephen met during a job at work
Eli – another character in the 1984 film Children of the Corn
Rogue – a character in the film X - Men
Frodo – hobbit in Lord of the Rings
Morpheus – a character in film , The Matrix , staring Keanu Reeves
Artemis – book character , Artemis Fowl , an obnoxious teenage criminal
Blackbird – named after a gathering of blackbirds which flew onto Sara 's lawn
Baudelaire – named after the Baudelaire orphans which featured in Lemony Snicket 's film A Series of Unfortunate Events
Voorhees – named after serial killer , Jason Voorhees in the horror movie , Friday The 13th
Do you have a massive MP3 collection that contains files with problems ?
Do n't you wish you had a program that could search through that collection , find problems with those files , and fix the problems ?
Fortunately for all of your MP3 horders , there are programs for just that task .
One of those programs , for the Linux operating system only , is MP3 Diags .
This application is an open source app will serve as your one - stop shop to identify and repair over 50 different problems that can occur with MP3 files .
You might think , because of the nature of the task surrounding this tool , that MP3 Diags would be challenging to use .
It 's not .
In fact it 's quite simple to scan and repair your music collection .
In this tutorial you will learn how to install and use MP3 Diags to diagnose and repair your broken MP3s .
NOTE : Martin covered using MP3 Diags for the Windows operating system in his article " Diagnose your MP3 collection with MP3 Diags " .
Since there are issues to over come when using this application in the Linux operating system , I decided it was beneficial to cover it once again .
What can it fix ?
Some of the problems that MP3 Diags can repair are :
Adding / fixing track info .
Correcting song duration times .
Correcting seek problems .
Renaming files based on fields .
Low quality audio .
Missing VBR header .
Missing normalization data .
and much more .
Now before I continue on , I will tell you that MP3 Diags can be resource intensive .
If your collection is large you can expect this to take some time .
During an initial scan MP3 Diags was running at approximately 2,000 files every 15 minutes .
You can do the math from there .
Installing
MP3 Diags should be found in your distributions repositories .
If you are using Ubuntu you can either open up Synaptic or the Ubuntu Software Center , do a search for " mp3 diags " ( no quotes ) mark the application for installation , and apply the changes .
When the application is installed you will find it in your Sound & Video menu entry .
Usage
When you first start up MP3 Diags a window will appear asking you to create a file which the application can save its configuration data .
You can place this file anywhere you have write permission .
In that same window you can set up a scan by including the directories you want to scan .
In most modern Linux distributions you will find a ~ / Music directory .
If you 're like me ( and you like to keep everything well organized ) , you can just select that folder and begin the scan .
During the scan expect your machine to become a big sluggish .
You might want to start the scan and walk away ( to keep yourself from getting a wee frustrated ) .
When the scan is over , the real fun begins .
Scan results
Take a look at Figure 1 .
What you are seeing is the results of a first - run scan containing over 2,000 audio files .
Near the top ( under the tool bar ) is a listing of all the possible issues that each file contains .
Let 's just look at one file .
To show only one file highlight that file and click the " Show One Song At a Time " button ( Sixth button from the left on the toolbar ) .
I will select a file , downloaded and converted from Youtube , of Rush 's La Villa Strangiato .
Obviously , since this was a download from Youtube , the audio quality is going to be poor .
So let 's repair that as much as it is possible .
Once you have your one file selected ( see Figure 2 ) click the first work icon on the left ( that 's the first hammer on the left ) which is a drop - down .
When you first click this you will get a warning that says " although this works on the developers ' machine , it might not work on yours " .
Take this as a caution and back up your files before you start working on them .
From the drop - down you will see numerous fixes for your file .
However , instead of searching from the drop - down , you can hover your mouse over hammer icons labeled 1 - 4 .
Each of these contains a pre-configured set of fixes that allow you a single click to fix numerous , related issues on a file .
For my poor audio quality file you can see it suffers from four issues :
fa - No ID3V2.3.0 tag found
ea - ID3V2 tag does n't have APIC frame .
ab - Low quality MPEG audio stream .
an - No normalization undo data found .
When you go to fix these problems you will instantly come across an issue when using MP3 Diags in Linux .
MP3
Diags uses the application mp3gain to normalize mp3 files , which is not installed by default .
And , to make matters worse , MP3 Diags does not install this dependency for you .
So you will have to fire up Synaptic , search for " mp3gain " ( no quotes ) , select the results for installation , and apply the changes .
Once mp3gain is installed you can now normalize with MP3 Diags .
Another issue , specific to Linux , is that if you want to configure MP3 Diags to not erase original files , but instead to move them to another directory , you will need to make sure you change the destination directories in the preferences window .
By default all of the temporary directories are set to / tmp which you will have write access to , but if you want to archive that file you do not want it saved in the / tmp directory , because it will be deleted automatically .
Different distributions handle this task differently - some clean up / tmp regularly , some upon reboot , some will empty a file in / tmp after it has gone untouched for a pre-determined span of time ( usually 30 days ) .
If you want to keep those original files around , you will want to reconfigure MP3 Diags to use a different directory than / tmp .
Final thoughts
After running MP3
Diags on my music collection , I have found that all MP3 files do , in fact , sound better and have far fewer issues .
You should definitely give this application a go if you have a collection of MP3s lying around in need of repair .
Summary Article Name Use MP3
Diags in Linux to repair your MP3 collection Description MP3
Diags is an open source app will serve as your one - stop shop to identify and repair over 50 different problems that can occur with MP3 files .
Author Jack Wallen Publisher Ghacks Technology News Logo
Advertisement
Ugly and sometimes frightening , the largest " gadgets " on Earth help mankind achieve the magnificent .
Take , for example , the airplane above , whose hideous looks have earned it the nickname Oscar Meyer Wienermobile .
Mock it all you want , but that wiener can carry more cargo than your puny human body ever will .
Last month , Wired.com presented nine of the largest machines roaming the planet .
Many of you commented with even better suggestions for enormous gadgets that we somehow missed .
We 've compiled them here , along with several more mechanical marvels we found .
In this gallery , you 'll see a machine that simulates earthquakes , a Ferris wheel that takes you as high as the clouds , a giant telescope that keeps an eye on our universe , airplanes that help make space exploration possible , and more .
Boeing 747 Large Cargo Freighter
The mustard - yellow Boeing 747 Large Cargo Freighter ( above ) transports aircraft parts to Boeing from suppliers all over the world .
Also called the Dreamlifter , this plane is a modified version of the commercial 747 , also known as the Jumbo Jet .
The original 747's length , height and fuselage ( i.e. , main body section that holds cargo ) were expanded to haul more cargo by volume than any airplane in the world .
( One can only imagine how many actual Oscar Meyer wieners the Wienermobile could transport . )
Photo : Drewski2112 / Flickr
Robert C. Byrd Green Bank Telescope
Hidden in the green hills of West Virginia , the Robert C. Byrd Green Bank Telescope ( also known as the Great Big Telescope ) stands 485 feet tall — almost 200 feet taller than the Statue of Liberty and just 70 feet shorter than the Washington monument .
Unlike conventional telescopes , which have metal structures supporting the middle of their surface , the GBT 's aperture is completely unblocked .
That increases the GBT 's useful area and sensitivity to get a stellar view of our universe .
The GBT is so big that a single picture does n't do it justice .
Wired.com photo editor Jim Merithew took a tour of the telescope and compiled a photo essay , " Silence !
The Last of the Giant Radio Telescopes Is Listening to the Universe . "
Check that out .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Falkirk Wheel
Resembling a double - headed ax , the Falkirk Wheel is an enormous rotating boat lift located in Scotland .
It was built to transfer canal boats from the Union Canal to the Forth and Clyde Canal .
The wheel measures 110 feet in diameter and consists of two arms spaced 80 feet apart .
The coolest part is that it 's self - balancing :
The end of each arm holds a water - filled caisson ( a water - tight bucket , basically ) with a capacity of 96,000 gallons .
The combined weight of each caisson plus the water and ship inside it is always the same , regardless of whether or not it 's carrying its full capacity .
How ?
It 's Archimedes ' principle , baby !
Photo : Beltzner / Flickr
Singapore Flyer
If skydiving is n't your cup of tea , the Singapore Flyer — the world 's largest Ferris wheel — should bring you pretty close to the clouds with a bit more decorum .
Located on top of a three - story terminal building in Singapore , the Flyer measures 492 feet in diameter .
Tickets for rides cost between $ 20 to $ 30 .
Not too shabby : Riders get a 30 - mile view of the city and beyond .
Plus , each capsule has free air conditioning !
Photo : Singapor3 / Flickr
Atlas V
Just how do gigantic spacecraft get into space ?
With the help of expendable rockets shot by launch systems such as the Atlas V , of course .
The Atlas V system features a launch pad with rockets powered by Russian - built RD - 180 engines burning kerosene and liquid oxygen to power the first stage of launch .
RL10 engines burn liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen to power the upper stage .
In 2005 , an Atlas V booster carried the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter — a spacecraft exploring Mars — into outer space .
The Atlas V is about 190 feet tall and 12 feet in diameter , weighing in at 1.2 million pounds .
While it 's big , the Atlas V is not the biggest rocket ever .
That honor belongs to the 363 - foot tall , 33 - foot diameter Saturn V used in the Apollo and Skylab programs from 1967 to 1973 .
The Saturn V is the only machine ever to take humans to another world – beyond Earth 's orbit – which , as astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson has said , makes it " the crowning achievement of human ingenuity and the fulfillment of dreams . "
The Saturn V's engines are shown below , next to rocket pioneer Wernher von Braun .
Photos : Wikimedia Commons
Antonov AN - 225
Another questions arises :
How do spacecraft even make it to their launch sites ?
The largest aircraft in the world , the Antonov An-225 was built in Ukraine with a uniquely sized cargo deck to transport the Buran orbiter during the Soviet era .
The An - 225 measures 276 feet in length and 290 feet in wingspan , weighing in at 1.3 million pounds .
Photos : E - Mans av8pix.com / Flickr
Taisun
Living in the Yantai Raffles Shipyard in China , the Taisun is the world 's largest ( and perhaps ugliest ) crane .
Though its looks are n't impressive , the Taisun holds the world record for holding the heaviest lift of all time at 20,133 tons .
The Taisun stands 436 feet tall and can lift loads as high as 262 feet .
Its main duty is installing enormous modules on top of vessels ' hulls .
Photo : Haakman / Wikimedia Commons
Hyogo 's Shake Table
To understand earthquakes , we can't just look at rocks .
We have to create earthquakes of our own , and that 's what a shake table is for .
The device is comprised of a rectangular platform that sends simulated ground motions into a structural model – basically , a building – to test how it responds to earthquakes .
The shake table demonstrated in the video above was built by the Hyogo Earthquake Engineering Research Center in Japan .
It measures 65 feet by 49 feet and can shake a structure weighing up to 1,322 tons .
Video : Simpsonmfg / YouTube
Microsoft Surface
Though it 's not one of the biggest machines in the world , the Microsoft Surface will probably be the largest gadget you ever own , if Microsoft ever begins selling this " big ass table " to consumers .
Most often found in hotels , restaurants and AT&T stores , the surface recognizes multi - touch gestures and even real world objects .
The parody video above sums up the idea even better than Microsoft .
Video : SarcasticGamer / YouTube
Not putting all your eggs in one basket is the most basic principle of investing .
It also may be the hardest to get right .
Investors have long been told by stockbrokers and financial planners that to have a properly diversified stock portfolio , you need shares in only 10 to 40 companies .
Even the great investment analyst Benjamin Graham urged " adequate though not excessive diversification , " which he defined as between 10 and about 30 securities .
As ...
Just in case you are an astronaut and need something to worry about , according to NASA there are 18,000 pieces of space junk the size of a basketball or larger right now orbiting the earth .
That ’s 18,000 chances to slam into the International Space Station ( ISS ) , bump into a U.S. Space Shuttle , or plow into any of a number of satellites in low Earth orbit .
Twice the ISS has had to be moved to avoid potential collisions and one other time when it could n’t be moved the crew huddled in their Soyuz taxicab for danger to pass , with one such near - miss taking place just last week , which is what inspired this column .
I say it is time to clean up all that junk .
Space junk means everything from rocket upper stages weighing several tons down to the odd wrench lost in space by space - walking astro- or cosmonauts .
This stuff that got to space more or less by accident is now torquing above the ionosphere at around 17,000 miles - per - hour , which would be worse if nearly all the junk was n’t going in the the same direction .
Friction and gravity will eventually bring all the space junk back to earth , but that could take centuries .
So I say simply to avoid any more space junk stories in USA Today , we ought to find a way to get rid of the stuff .
It wo n’t be easy .
We ca n’t shoot it down , because even if we are accurate enough to hit the junk all we are likely to accomplish is blasting it into lots more smaller pieces that will need tracking .
We could shoot it with high - powered lasers , but unless we were able to vaporize the debris completely , all we ’d be doing is boring very nice holes in it .
Nope , we have to gather the stuff and bring it back to Earth .
But how ?
I propose a space garbage scow .
My garbage scow would use a very fine net to capture the debris and hold it .
The net could be built from kevlar , but this week I ’m making everything from carbon nanotubes , thanks , so that ’s what we ’ll use .
Nanotubes have the highest strength - to - weight ratio of any material and would allow us to make a very large , very light weight net .
Our point here is to make the net light rather than strong , since our capture speeds will be low and the lack of gravity ought to make it easy to keep the junk tethered together .
The point of making it strong , then , is so it can be light enough to be big enough to maybe gather all the junk — all 18,000 pieces — into a single scow .
I imagine a seine purse - style net , if you know your commercial fishing .
Launch the net into an inclined polar orbit generally higher than the space junk to be harvested .
The polar orbit will ensure that eventually the scow will go over every spot on the Earth as the planet rotates below , but it also means the scow will eventually cross the path of every piece of space junk .
Here ’s where we need an algorithm and a honking big computer , because this is a 3 - D geometry problem with more than 18,000 variables .
Our algorithm determines the most efficient path to use for gathering all 18,000 pieces of space junk .
I have n’t yet derived this algorithm , but I have some idea what it would look like .
We ’d start in a high orbit , above the space junk , because we could trade that altitude for speed as needed , simply by flying lower , trading potential energy for kinetic .
Dragging the net behind a little unmanned spacecraft my idea would be to go past each piece of junk in such a way that it not only lodges permanently in the net , but that doing so adds kinetic energy ( hitting at shallow angles to essentially tack like a sailboat off the debris ) .
But wait , there ’s more !
You not only have to try to get energy from each encounter , it helps if — like in a game of billiards or pool — each encounter results in an effective ricochet sending the net in the proper trajectory for its next encounter .
Rinse and repeat 18,000 times .
It wo n’t always be possible , of course , to gain energy from each encounter , but that ’s why we start in a higher orbit , so as energy is inevitably lost it can be replenished by moving to a lower orbit .
By the same token I think we would logically start with smaller bits of space junk so the net would gain mass steadily over time , then do the same again at each lower altitude .
Eventually the net would have corralled hundreds of tons of debris , carrying it down into the atmosphere where atmospheric friction would eventually burn it all up in a spectacular visual display that would create a thin ring of fire all around the Earth .
It ’s a crazy idea , sure , but it could work .
For all the worrying we do about space junk hitting astronauts or rockets as they launch , we could pretty easily get rid of it all .
Small to big , high to low , all it would take is time .
How much time ?
If the scow orbits every 90 minutes and it takes an average of a dozen orbits to set up the capture of each piece of space junk , that ’s 18,000 * 90 * 12 = 19.4 million minutes or 36.9 years to get it all .
Funny , that ’s about how long it took to put all that crap up there in the first place .
An opposition leader in Russia 's restive North Caucasus has been shot dead by unknown gunmen , Russian news agencies reported .
Advertising Read more
AFP - Unknown gunmen killed a local opposition leader from Ingushetia on Sunday , Russian news agencies reported , in the latest attack in the increasingly volatile North Caucasus region .
Maksharip Aushev , former owner of the dissident webpage Ingushetia.org , died at the wheel of his car in an attack by unknown assailants in the early hours of Sunday , Interfax reported , citing a local government source .
" As a result of the gunfire , Aushev , who was driving the car , was killed on the spot .
A passenger in the car was hospitalised , " the source said .
Local officials later confirmed the attack , on a road outside the town of Nalchik , as Aushev was paying a visit to the neighboring region of Kabardino - Balkaria .
Russian authorities have opened an investigation , public prosecutor official Marina Gridneva was quoted as saying by Russian news agencies .
Ingushetia 's president Yunus - Bek Yevkurov called Aushev 's murder " a heinous crime " aimed at destablising the region .
Aushev was a fierce critic of corruption under the republic 's former president , Murat Zyazikov , who was sacked by Russian President Dmitry Medvedev last year .
Yevkurov , who has vowed to sweep away endemic graft , and who was himself the target of a bomb attack in June , enjoyed the support of Aushev and other local opposition leaders .
Alexander Cherkasov , from the human rights group Memorial , told Echo of Moscow radio that Aushev had received threats .
" In recent weeks , he was afraid of an act of revenge by the secret services , " he said .
Tatiana Lochkina , director of Human Rights Watch in Moscow , told Interfax that the killing " illustrates very clearly the atmosphere of impunity " in the region .
Participating in opposition politics or defending basic freedoms in the North Caucasus has become " almost a form of suicide , " she added .
Daily newsletterReceive essential international news every morning Subscribe
After several seasons beset with injuries , Brendan Morrison is finally feeling good and thus authoring a feel - good story for the Capitals .
The NHL has updated its Privacy Policy effective January 16 , 2020 .
We encourage you to review it carefully .
The NHL uses cookies , web beacons , and other similar technologies .
By using NHL websites or other online services , you consent to the practices described in our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service , including our Cookie Policy .
Another in my series about refuting the myth that Ronald Reagan , financial liberalization , or both ushered in an age of much faster economic growth .
Just to be clear : when I show that growth by every measure has been slower since 1980 than before , I ’m not claiming that this shows that Reagan / finance caused the slowdown .
The upper hand , in this case , is actually on the other foot : it ’s the Reagan / finance enthusiasts who use the alleged fact of faster growth to make their case , so I ’m just showing that it never happened .
What ’s funny — almost touching , really — is the way the enthusiasts respond to each refutation by claiming that there must be another number which justifies their triumphalism .
Real GDP grew faster !
No ?
OK , real GDP per capita grew faster !
No ?
Well , productivity grew faster !
Actually , no .
Productivity data here ( zip file ) .
Labor productivity rose an average of 2.3 % per year from 1950 to 1980 , 2.0 % from 1980 to 2007 .
But there ’s more to the story .
Postwar productivity growth had three eras : a period of rapid growth from the late 40s to the early 70s , then a big slowdown that lasted until the mid 90s , then an acceleration that continues to this day .
And here ’s what the Reaganauts have done : in addition to doing a disappearing act on the growth during the postwar generation , they ’ve retroactively attributed the post - 95 productivity surge to Reagan .
Because , you see , a surge that began midway through Bill Clinton ’s administration was obviously caused by Reagan ’s 1981 tax cut .
Oh , and never mind the almost universal prediction on the right that the 1993 tax increase would lead to economic disaster .
Why did productivity stagnate for 20 years , then revive ?
The truth is that it probably had very little to do with anyone ’s economic policies ; the best guess is that businesses spent two decades figuring out what to do with information technology , then found the answer : big box stores !
But that ’s a subject for another post .
( Natural News )
A new congressional report from the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) reprimanded the FDA for failing to properly monitor drugs approved under the FDA 's 1992 accelerated approval process .
The report focused on 90 drugs .
The accelerated approval process was ostensibly enacted to rush minimally tested cancer and AIDS drugs that were urgently needed to assist those with life threatening situations .
In exchange for accelerated approval by the FDA , drug manufacturers agreed to provide the FDA with post - marketing reports to determine if the drug is safe and effective .
Yet most drug makers were not complying with post marketing follow - up reports .
And the FDA has never removed a drug approved by the accelerated process from the market .
Some of the drugs approved have gone 13 years without post marketing reports !
The GAO report states , " . . . the FDA has authority to expedite the withdrawal of a drug from the market if a sponsor does not complete a required confirmatory study with due diligence , or if a study fails to confirm a drug 's clinical benefit , [ yet the FDA ] has not specified the conditions that would prompt it to do so .
" This indicates that the FDA has never created a procedure to remove fast track drugs even if they are dangerous .
This precludes quality control on drugs fast tracked for public consumption .
Pre -market proposals based on theory and limited testing have been the only basis for continued use .
ThereforeSome drugs that never reported were big money makers for over a decade .
And the FDA never bothered to inquire about their follow up reports .
The GAO report requested the FDA " clarify " under what circumstances it would voluntarily remove potentially dangerous or ineffective drugs from the market .
The FDA balked .
They claimed there was no need for clarification .
FDA officials asserted that these fast track drugs are " . . . life - saving drugs for which there are no replacements . "
Yet there is little or no documented proof of " life saving " efficacy or safety because post marketing reports have , for the most part , never been conducted .
It appears that the FDA 's requirements for post market reports from drug companies in exchange for accelerated approval were window dressing .
The FDA 's lack of enforcement speaks for itself .
Meanwhile many drug makers have made a lot of money dispensing often ineffective and sometimes dangerous drugs to desperate people .
" Fans , " SuperPro ?
That 's a little optimistic .
Thanks to its well - deserved reputation as one of the worst comics ever printed , there are n't many more obvious targets for Internet mockery than SuperPro ( well , besides the obvious ) , so he 's been covered pretty thoroughly .
But there 's something fascinating about his awfulness that we just can't get away from .
To start with , there 's the obvious : SuperPro was created in 1991 as the product of a truly bizarre marketing union between Marvel Comics and the NFL , apparently designed to answer the questions that were left over from their previous foray into Football Super - Heroics , Kickers , Inc .
" SuperPro , " which centered on an ex-football player turned journalist turned super - hero , was created by writer Fabian Nicieza , who essentially wrote the series to get free tickets to football games .
As you might imagine , it is rife with problems , most notably the fact that its protagonist , Phil Grayfield -- who partially gets his powers from , and we are not kidding , inhaling the fumes of a chemical fire that burns up a priceless collection of NFL memorabilia -- pretty much steals his costume from an eccentric scientist .
And did we mention that it was created in 1991 ?
Because it definitely was .
Even if you put aside the signature 90s - ness of the dialogue , though , the problems only multiply as the series goes on .
Namely that matter what you might 've heard from Spider - Man ...
To be successful , is always the aim , but it needs lot to be done to make our mind a success mind !
Here are 10 most important psychological hurdles , you might face some time or other while on the way towards your goal of successful blogging .
1. Impatience
It is extremely hard to go on writing each and every day without getting a single penny in the bank account .
For a normal 9 to 5 man , it would really sound pathetic .
And the most important thing is you are working so hard that you are seeing your day turning out to night and vice - versa on your computer clock .
And then sometimes you would feel “ what should I do to attract lot of visitors all of a sudden , now I cannot resist any more ” , otherwise some might even grow so impatient that they may feel the 9 to 5 job job a better alternative to blogging .
Impatience , when in real , is really hazardous to your determined goals .
I would say if you dream to become a successful blogger overnight , you are definitely impatient .
It should always be remembered that if glory comes fast , it has to go fast .
Rome was not built in a day , neither would be your successful blogging kingdom .
So be determined and hardworking , success will definitely follow you .
2. Misinterpreting freedom
When we do what we can , we are true to our resume and a good resource for the company where we work in .
But when we do what we want , we are true to our self .
People start their own blogging venture to make their souls free to express them fully .
Thus , the word freedom comes here .
But most of us misinterpret freedom to do whatever we want and whenever we want .
Here a big evil has an entry in .
When you wish to grow in a particular field , you have to excel in it , day by day .
Your words and promises represent your existence and if you turn out to be casual taking it as freedom , you are doing a big mistake .
Neither you have a company to push its policies nor you have a boss , you are responsible for whatever you do .
If you want to be stable , you have to obey your own commands that you have set for yourself .
So literally speaking you are free to define the rules but are bound to follow them , as success follows trends and therefore you have to have some trends of yours !
So again , the phrase ‘ Freedom with responsibility ’ gains importance .
so when blogging , write with freedom … but do follow your own rules !
3. Losing focus
This is the worst mistake you could ever make if you are starting your own blog .
You have started your blog for a purpose , on a topic base , about which you can go on writing and sharing what gives you pleasure .
But due to any reason like money or apparent interest shift or anything else , you lose your focus on your title , it is really bad for its future .
We can do many things on internet , like go on browsing and wandering here and there .
We have to ask ourselves that ‘ do I want to be “ Jack of all and master of none ” or want to gain perfection in some field that attracts me ’ .
Satisfaction in work always comes when you stand to be distinct somewhere , at least you feel so for yourself .
So try to concentrate and focus on what you wanted and want to be .
always keep a keen eye on your ultimate goal , obviously the one which is other than only money !
4. Inconsistency
Inconsistency is a kind of disease that most of us suffer from .
I am too not an exception , sometimes , I agree .
But I know it causes a lot of loss to me as it breaks my flow and even sometimes damages my confidence levels also .
We make some plan and start traversing on the determined path to achieve our goals .
Being inconsistent , breaks that path in parts and pieces , and to join the pieces again we need to put a lot of extra time and effort .
This also results in losing the charm when we finally achieve the goals .
This is why inconsistent genes are spoilers .
So , better is , you can plan less for a day , or prepare the plan thoughtfully and follow it regularly .
Do n’t miss the checkpoints , always be regular .
It is difficult to write on consistently , but believe me if you are consistent in your efforts , you create and leave back a positive impression .
Consistent people are more welcome than creative but casual or irregular people , as the former ones are the most dependable .
5 . Lack of confidence
If you are not confident about what you are doing , sit a while and ask yourself “ can I do it ? ” .
If you get answer as ‘ yes ’ , then good , you can definitely do it , at least would give a strong fight .
But if you get answer as ‘ no ’ , better you analyze how important it is to be done .
If not so important , better you quit and do something which you are confident about and really believe in .
If you do not have self confidence you will always be de-motivated by small - small failures and your feet would again turn back to return to the start .
So , if you are very strong that you have to do whatever you have chosen , say to yourself “ Let anything happen , I will do it ! ”
Self belief is the best friend of you in your all difficult and challenging times .
6. Copy - Paste bug
Copy paste is really a very good invention in the world of computers because without it , there would be piles of tasks pending today to be done by typing data again and again manually .
I know that every success story requires procedural repetitions .
While blogging , you can put repetitions in your process and effort strategies , but avoid repeating the data and articles of others .
Copy - paste would really damage your initial image .
You could dump a bulk of information to your blog , by copying it from others , either by word by word or some part of it .
But remember , you have started your blog to let the world read what you write about your thoughts , your views , what you wish to share and not to fill your website with chunks of data that could never turn out a creation out of you .
So do take time to ideate .
Just you have to sit in solace and get a design out of your thoughts .
You can definitely take guidance and reference from others , but avoid picking an dumping !
Also , there is one more aspect to this thought .
Sometimes , we feel that what should I write about some topic , it has been already written by so many people .
But believe me , content matters , but the most important thing that matters is how do you present your content .
That definitely makes a difference .
If it was not true , then there would n’t be a lot of movies on the same base topic like love or patriotism or corruption or space or anything .
Sometimes , central themes are same , but we like the one those are more convincing and which are presented in a better way .
So , whatever maybe your topic , if not new , still you can create a difference in your writing .
7. Ignoring data
Never ignore the data that you are collecting , either from your analytics or Alexa or Technorati or from the comments you get or any other tools or processes .
Study it carefully as it would contribute a lot in deciding your future strategies .
Professional blogging not only involves writing and writing about a particular thing , but it also involves a deep analysis of how people are reacting to what you are writing .
You can improve your topics and sometimes can have a little shift in your writing direction depending on what people want to read and what they are liking more on your blog and out of you .
8. Family and Friends
We work for them , we indeed love them a lot .
In fact we can not live without them .
But sometimes it happens that we cannot concentrate on our work with them .
This is the case with many of the bloggers , as professional blogging demands lot of concentration and hard work .
And in the initial stages , friends and family members show a very little respect to such type of independent ideas .
Sometimes it also happens that we cannot say ‘ No ” to some events and gatherings or say TV shows with them .
But it really disturbs our pace .
what I suggest in such cases is sit calm for a while with your near and dear ones and let them know how serious it is for your satisfactory career life .
Keep aside some definite time for them , and let them know that by showing such understanding towards you , they are actually helping you out to create your own presence and are making you grow .
9. Easy Money concepts
To live we need money , yes it is true for bloggers also !
We , the bloggers work hard and harder to create our own existence in this vast online world .
But we can not only stop up to that .
We have to earn out of our efforts .
So it is not a bad thing to keep money in our minds .
But these ‘ Easy Money ” allures that go peeking in and out of your mind can sometimes be a hurdle to your long term plans and expectations , because it can cause dispersal of your concentrated efforts .
So , first of all decide how you would like to earn your bread and butter .
If you go after easy money concepts , maybe you can lose some good fortune that you could have got if you would have been consistent in your efforts .
I do not say that you should neglect the money making offers totally .
I just ask you to pick them up carefully , always keeping focus on your topmost priority .
10 . Rigid Beliefs
We are not blank heads .
All of us have some conception as and beliefs about the blogging and social network building strategies .
We have beliefs about what should be written , what should be shared , whom to build the relation with , which country is good to target and so on .
But sometimes our beliefs become so rigid that we cannot come out of them and become innovative .
So we can not either try some new things out .
This again makes us followers of old beliefs and existing trends .
So what I suggest is , we as bloggers , can always keep our mind open for all the new technologies and all the online community across the globe .
Flexibility always saves you from breaking and being open always increases your acceptance .
So overcome these hurdles , and I am sure that you definitely would stand strong in this world of blogging and online money making .
If you have your own thoughts on this topic , please feel free to post them in comments .
I would be glad to be a part of the brainstorming .
While some conservatives remain as skeptical as ever that big increases in government spending give the economy a jolt that is worth the cost , Martin Feldstein , a conservative Harvard economist who served in the Reagan administration , said the problem with the package was that some of its tax cuts and spending programs were of a variety that did little to spur the economy .
“ There should have been more direct federal spending that would have added to aggregate demand , ” he said .
“ Temporary tax cuts and one - time transfers to seniors were largely saved and did n’t stimulate spending . ”
Image Jalin Willis checked the job listings in Denver last month .
The nation 's unemployment rate topped 10 percent this month .
Credit ... Matthew Staver / Bloomberg News
Even the $ 787 billion price tag overstates the plan ’s stimulus value given changes made in Congress , economists say .
Nearly a tenth of the package , $ 70 billion , comes from a provision adjusting the alternative minimum tax so it does not hit middle - income taxpayers this year .
That routine fix , which would do nothing to stimulate the economy , was added in part to seek Republican votes .
But to keep the package ’s overall cost down , provisions that would stimulate the economy  like aid to revenue - starved states and infrastructure projects  got less as a result .
Among Democrats in the White House and Congress , “ there was a considerable amount of hand - wringing that it was too small , and I sympathized with that argument , ” said Mark Zandi , chief economist of Moody ’s Economy.com and an occasional adviser to lawmakers .
Even so , “ the stimulus is doing what it was supposed to do  it is contributing to ending the recession , ” he added , citing the economy ’s third - quarter expansion by a 3.5 percent seasonally adjusted annual rate .
“ In my view , without the stimulus , G.D.P. would still be negative and unemployment would be firmly over 11 percent .
And there are a little over 1.1 million more jobs out there as of October than would have been out there without the stimulus . ”
Politically , however , the president is saddled with his original claim that , with the stimulus , the jobless rate would peak at 8.1 percent  a miscalculation that Republicans constantly recall .
While the administration has said its economic assumptions were in line with private forecasts , most of which also underestimated the recession ’s punch , it was more optimistic than most .
01st November 2009
Copyrighted Image ?
DMCA
For 12 - year - old Mariatu Kamara , death would have been a welcome release when she was captured by rebel soldiers during Sierra Leone 's brutal civil war .
But , as she recounts here , her machete - wielding tormentors had an even crueler fate in store for her "
I knelt down in front of my captors , lowered my head , and waited .
' OK , little one , ' said the older rebel .
' Get lost .
We do n't want you after all . '
I was n't sure I had heard the words correctly , so I remained still .
' You can go , ' the man repeated , waving his hand this time .
' Go , go , go !'
I stood up slowly and turned towards the football pitch .
' Wait ! ' he hollered .
I stood motionless as a couple of boys grabbed guns from their backs and pointed them at me .
I waited for the older rebel 's order to shoot .
Instead , he walked in front of me .
' You must choose a punishment before you leave , ' he said .
' Like what ? '
I mumbled .
Tears I could no longer hold back streamed down my face .
' Which hand do you want to lose first ? ' he asked .
The knot in my throat gave way to a scream .
' No , ' I yelled .
I started running , but it was no use .
The older rebel caught me , his big arm wrapping around my belly .
He dragged me back to the boy rebels and threw me to the ground .
Three boys hauled me up by the arms .
I was kicking now , screaming , and trying to hit .
Gunfire filled the night .
' Allah , please let one of the bullets stray and hit me in the heart so I may die , ' I prayed .
' Please , please , please do n't do this to me , ' I begged one of the boys .
' I am the same age as you .
Maybe we can be friends .'
' We 're not friends , ' the boy scowled , pulling out his machete .
' If you are going to chop off my hands , please just kill me , ' I begged them .
' We 're not going to kill you , ' one boy said .
' We want you to go to the president and show him what we did to you .
You wo n't be able to vote for him now .
Ask the president to give you new hands . '
I did n't feel any pain .
But my legs gave way .
I sank to the ground as the boy wiped the blood off the machete and walked away .
As my eyelids closed , I saw the rebel boys giving each other high fives .
I could hear them laughing .
As my mind went dark , I remember asking myself : ' What is a president ? '
When I regained consciousness , I felt a surging pain in my stomach .
My injured arms instinctively cradled my abdomen .
I rolled around in the earth , on to my knees , and staggered to my feet .
Still holding my abdomen , I started to put one foot in front of the other .
I wanted to get away , away from here , away from this village .
A sharp , darting pain ran up and down my arms .
I was sicker than I 'd ever been in my life , but I managed to stumble my way to another village for help , and was eventually taken by truck to the capital city , Freetown , where my wounds were treated in hospital .
But as I lay recovering , there was another shock .
' You 're pregnant . '
I did n't understand what the female doctor in the white coat was saying .
' You are going to have a baby .
Do you understand ?'
' But there must be a mistake , ' I said .
' Only women have babies , not girls . '
Mariatu with her baby Abdul and ' sister ' Adamsay at a camp for amputees in Sierra Leone in 2000
After it was explained to me how babies were made , I realised what had happened .
Salieu , an older man in my village who had declared that he was going to make me his second wife when I grew up , had grabbed me one day when he knew I was the only one at home , and forced me to have sex .
Afterwards he had said , in a harsh , low voice , ' Do n't tell anyone . '
I did n't tell anyone what had happened .
I was n't sure , for one thing , exactly what it was he had done .
Now I knew , and I was going to have his baby .
Not that Salieu would ever know .
The rebels had shot him in front of me during the raid .
Since I was a baby , I 'd lived with my father 's sister Marie and her husband Alie in the small village of Magborou .
It was common for children in rural areas to be raised by people other than their birth parents .
At the time of the rebel attack , in 1999 , we were staying in another village , Manarma , because we'd been told we'd be safer there [ the rebel soldiers wanted to overthrow the government which they accused of being corrupt ] .
I saw two of my cousins , Ibrahim and Mohamed , captured and tied up .
Adamsay , Marie 's youngest daughter , who I thought of as a sister , was dragged away by her hair .
' Goodbye , ' my heart said , as she was taken down the road .
I later learned that as many as 100 people were killed that day .
Miraculously my three cousins survived , although they 'd also had their hands cut off , and we were reunited in Freetown .
One of my proudest moments came when I wrote my name in a workbook with a pencil held between my arms .
There was some comfort in knowing that we were all learning to care for ourselves after such a devastating ordeal .
We were beginning to feed and wash ourselves , even with our injuries .
Using the stumps of my arms covered in bandages , I could even brush my teeth and comb my hair .
Later I learned to cook , tie shoelaces , do up zips and twist off lids and bottle tops using just my arms and teeth .
After leaving the hospital , we went to live in a camp for amputees , earning money from begging in the streets , even though I hated every moment of it .
On a good day , we could make as much as 10,000 leones ( just under 2 ) by pooling our money .
Marie and Alie , who I 'd feared had been killed , had escaped the rebels by hiding in the bush and were now living with us in the big tent we shared .
The camp , which was the size of a football stadium , was filthy with litter , and the smell of rubbish , dirty bodies and cooking food was sickening .
There were more than 400 of us who did n't have hands , and at least four times that many people , mostly family members , who had moved there to look after the injured .
When the time came for me to give birth , a female doctor explained that my birth canal was too small .
' There 's no room for the baby to come out .
You 'll need to have an operation called a caesarean . '
The last thing I recall is the doctor sticking a needle into my arm .
I had a boy , who I called Abdul .
When I went back to begging , I earned more money than my cousins combined if I had him with me .
One afternoon , a man dropped 40,000 leones ( about 7.50 ) into my black plastic shopping bag .
It was the most money I 'd ever earned at one time .
When he was ten months old , Abdul became very sick from malnutrition and , despite hospital treatment , he died .
I blamed myself for not loving him enough .
My family held a funeral ceremony for him in the camp 's mosque .
The imam recited a prayer , and my family asked for blessings .
I sat motionless , listening but not really hearing .
When I 'd first been in hospital for treatment to my arms , rumours circulated everywhere that there were wealthy people , both in Freetown and in far - off countries , who adopted children who had been injured in the war .
About six young people from the camp had moved to the United States , and several others were on a relocation list .
But so far no one had shown any interest in me .
Then one day I was asked to go to the offices of a social worker called Comfort .
' A man phoned from Canada , ' she said .
' His name is Bill , and he wants to find the girl he read about in a newspaper article . '
Comfort handed me a newspaper clipping .
It showed a photo of me holding Abdul when he was five months old .
It was from an interview I had been asked to do with some foreign journalists by a camp official .
' This man Bill wants to help you .
His family read your story , and they would like to give you money for food and clothes . '
' Is he taking me to Canada ? ' I asked .
' No .
But if you pray for it , maybe he will . '
And , eventually , he did .
I flew to Toronto in 2002 and , after a short stay with Bill and his family , I went to live with a Sierra Leonean couple , Kadi and Abou Nabe , who had been living in Canada since before the civil war .
When the fighting started , they brought many family members to Toronto to escape the violence .
I shared a room with three girls who were a few years older than me .
Each was related to Abou and Kadi , but I could n't keep track of exactly how .
I just called them all ' the nieces ' .
One night I confided in Abou that my family in Sierra Leone were depending on me to support them .
' I need to get an education , and then a job right away , ' I told him .
' You may not have hands , but you still have your mind .
And I think you have a very sharp mind .
Make the most of what you have and you will make your way in the world , ' said Abou .
Despite his words of encouragement , I was scared to go to school .
I would be alone , in a class with strangers .
I dreamed of being able to read books and write , but I wondered how I would do it with no hands .
I was afraid I 'd make a fool of myself .
Kadi was the one who took the initiative and enrolled me in an English as a Second Language ( ESL ) course .
' When you graduate , you 'll go on to high school .
It 's time to get moving , girl !'
My classmates were young Asian women , grandmothers from the Middle East , and men from southern Africa .
At first we communicated mostly through gestures , but soon we were saying English words to each other , and within a few months we were forming sentences .
One of my proudest moments came when I wrote my name in a workbook with a pencil held between my arms .
On a muggy June evening ten months after arriving in Canada , I graduated from my ESL course with a diploma .
When September rolled around , it was time for high school .
My tutor was very patient as she taught me cursive writing , with a pencil or pen held between my arms .
My teachers gave me extra time to complete tests and examinations .
I think I may have failed the first term .
But by June , I 'd earned Cs across the board .
In the winter of 2004 , I was bought a black laptop computer designed for people with disabilities .
The mouse was shaped like a big ball , so that I could easily manoeuvre it with my arms .
Even though the keyboard was big , it was not easy to master hitting one letter at a time .
After my first hour of instruction all I had on my screen was a mismatch of letters and numbers .
That evening I sat and played with my new computer .
It took some experimenting , but I finally managed to spell out a complete sentence : ' My name is Mariatu Kamara .
I live in Toronto , Canada , and like it here very much . '
Mariatu , now 23 , speaks fluent English and is studying to be a counselor for abused women and children .
She is a Unicef Special Representative for Children in Armed Conflicts and speaks to groups across North America about her experiences .
Although she has been fitted with prosthetic hands , she finds it easier to function without them .
The civil war in Sierra Leone was declared over in January 2002 , after 11 years .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
The number of journalists killed around the world in 2009 rose to a record 68 after a massacre in the Philippines , the Committee to Protect Journalists ( CPJ ) said on Thursday .
The press freedom group said the 2009 tally compared to 42 deaths in 2008 and surpassed the previous record of 67 deaths in 2007 -- when violence was at its worst in Iraq , which had been the deadliest country for journalists for six years .
This year Iraq dropped to No. 3 on the list of deadliest countries with four journalist deaths , the lowest annual tally recorded since the U.S. - led invasion of the country in 2003 .
The Philippines topped the list with 32 deaths -- 31 of which happened during a massacre in the South of the country in November .
Somalia , which western security agencies say has become a safe haven for militants , including foreign extremists , came in second with nine media deaths .
“ This has been a year of unprecedented devastation for the world ’s media , but the violence also confirms long - term trends , ” said CPJ Executive Director Joel Simon .
“ Most victims were local reporters covering news in their own communities .
“ The perpetrators assumed , based on precedent , that they would never be punished .
Whether the killings are in Iraq or the Philippines , in Russia or Mexico , changing this assumption is the key to reducing the death toll , ” he said .
All but two of the 2009 victims were local journalists , the Committee to Protect Journalists said .
The journalists murdered in the Philippines massacre were among 57 people killed after they were stopped at a checkpoint while on their way to file a candidate ’s nomination for elections next year .
“ The killings in the Philippines are a shocking but not entirely surprising product of a long - term reality :
The government has allowed unpunished violence against journalists , most of it politically motivated , to become part of the culture , ” said CPJ ’s Asia program coordinator Bob Dietz .
Four journalists were killed in Pakistan , three in Russia , two in Sri Lanka and Mexico and one in Venezuela , Nepal , Madagascar , Nigeria , Azerbaijan , Indonesia , El Salvador , Colombia , Israel and the Palestinian Territory , Iran , Afghanistan and Kenya .
About three - quarters of the journalists killed in 2009 were targeted in retaliation for their work , 11 journalists were killed in crossfire during combat situations and seven died covering dangerous assignments such as raids or protests .
Another 20 journalist deaths from 2009 are still being investigated by the Committee to Protect Journalists , which began compiling records of media deaths in 1992 , and a final 2009 tally will be released in January .
One in three adults in the UK are expected to be obese by 2012 Obese people are struggling to earn above the national average income , according to a survey .
Just under half ( 46 % ) earn more than £ 20,000 a year , which is the national average , while the majority earn between £ 10,000 and £ 15,000 .
The survey conducted by YouGov also indicates that only 5 % of people feel their weight has held them back .
But one charity said there was no doubt obesity affected work , through prejudice and health problems .
One in three adults in the UK are expected to be obese by 2012 .
Negative impact
The survey questioned a representative survey of 2,056 UK adults and was commissioned by a private health business , The Hospital Group .
More than half ( 53 % ) said they were overweight or obese compared with 45 % who were normal or underweight .
There is good evidence that the less control you have over your work , the more stressed you feel , and the lower income you earn , the lower your life expectancy
Dr Ian Campbell , Weight Concern
The overweight or obese said their weight had a negative impact on their ability to take part in leisure activities - 23 % mentioned cycling , swimming and running and 14 % said it affected their sex lives .
They also described some of the ways their weight had held them back in their careers .
One person said they could not comply with the Marine and Coastguard Agency limits for a licence .
Another admitted they had taken too many days off because of illness .
And many of them said there was a perception at work that they were lazy but the level of their output did not support that .
However , nearly a third ( 31 % ) said they disagreed with the idea that their weight had held them back in their careers .
Social prejudice Dr Ian Campbell , of the charity Weight Concern , said there was no doubt that being obese made it harder for an individual to find higher paid employment due to social prejudice and medical problems .
He said : " There is good evidence that the less control you have over your work , the more stressed you feel , and the lower income you earn , the lower your life expectancy .
" People living in lower socio- economic conditions have a greater risk of obesity through less control of their environment , poorer nutrition , and less opportunity for physical activity .
" Particularly in the current recession we are seeing more people turning away from healthy , more expensive fruit and vegetables , to cheaper processed fatty foods . "
' Bankrupt ' The Liberal Democrat health spokesman , Norman Lamb said : " Obesity is a massive problem in the UK and the Government has failed to address it adequately .
" NHS finances are already overstretched and unless we get more people to lead healthier lifestyles then obesity could bankrupt the health service .
" This report makes for particularly disturbing reading as it highlights the worrying link between poverty and obesity .
" Until we stop trying to dictate policy nationally and give people the freedom to tackle public health problems locally , this cycle of poverty and ill health is likely to continue . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
resources for .
Besides , I never found some kind of " libraries central " for it ( as it exists in other languages like Perl or Ruby for example ) .
Because of its too short name , it 's quite hard to find Io language .
Besides , I never found some kind of " " for it ( as it exists in other languages like Perl or Ruby for example ) .
Io official website also lacks of links , or some are obsolete ...
So , this post is an attempt to simply list existing libs and tools for Io language and provide links to them , with minimalist descriptions .
You are really encouraged to notify me ( via the comments for example ) missing libs or tools , or to use this raw list for a possible centralization of Io resources ( This is what
me ( via the comments for example ) missing libs or tools , orfor a possible centralization of Io resources ( This is what CC licences are for ) .
IoFE - An alternative command line interface to the IoVM interpreter [ old ? ]
- An alternative command line interface to the IoVM interpreter [ old ?]
IoWiki - A simple wiki written in Io ( sources )
- A simple wiki written in Io ( sources ) Backpacking - An
Io web framework [ old ? ]
- An Io web framework [ old ?]
Ike - Rake ( Make in Ruby ) in Io [ several repos ]
- Rake ( Make in Ruby ) in Io [ several repos ] Jim - An IRC bot in Io
- An IRC bot in Io Muun - A multi-user unified network
- A multi-user unified network Iota - A tiny web app framework in Io [ old ? ]
- A tiny web app framework in Io [ old ?]
Yown -
A little web framework for Io ( initially developed by _why ) [ several repos / forks ]
- A little web framework for Io ( initially developed by _why ) [ several repos / forks ]
Io - snippet s - Snippets for Io
s - Snippets for Io Icis - An
Io continuous integration server
- An Io continuous integration server couchDB - io - viewserver - A couchDB viewserver in Io [ old ? - Ok ?]
- A couchDB viewserver in Io [ old ? - Ok ? ]
Io - SCGI - An SCGI implementation for Io
- An SCGI implementation for Io Chordal - An Io library to generate chords [???]
- An Io library to generate chords [???]
Io - Pack - A pack / unpack implementation for Io
- A pack / unpack implementation for Io Iospec2 - An RSpec - like tool ( behavior driven development ) for Io [ several repos ]
- An RSpec - like tool ( behavior driven development ) for Io [ several repos ]
Io - Stuff - Little utilities for Io [ Ok ? ]
- Little utilities for Io [ Ok ? ]
Io - JSON - A simple json pack / unpack for Io
- A simple json pack / unpack for Io Beanstalk - client - io - A beanstalk client library
- A beanstalk client library IoSVN - Subversion
Io language add - on
- Subversion
Io language add - on iorm - A minimalistic ORM [ Ok ? ]
- A minimalistic ORM [ Ok ? ]
IoPackage -
Io code package manager based on Git repositories
- Io code package manager based on Git repositories Generys - Web framework in Io [ Ok ? ]
- Web framework in Io [ Ok ? ]
Netz -
A simple webserver abstraction layer for Io [ Ok ?
New ]
- A simple webserver abstraction layer for Io [ Ok ? New ] couchDB - Io - Io library for CouchDB [ New ]
- Io library for CouchDB [ New ] IoGraphViz - Binding for GraphViz [ New ]
Not found :
IoGTK
ModIo
IoL4
It ( by Pixar studios )
Gougeres : French Cheese Puffs
Pin 880 1K Shares
I recently went to a fête for my birthday at a friend ’s home in the Marais , whose family is renowned for making exceptional French wines .
I do n’t know a lot about wine , but I know that when combined with certain things , the effect is transcendental .
Gougères , or cheese puffs , are one of those things .
Although to me , they go with just about anything .
But are also a great pre-dinner snack with wine , other drinks , or on their own .
Known in English as “ cream puff dough , ” gougères are cheese puffs made by folding cheese into the dough then baking them in little rounds .
You can vary the flavor by deciding what type of cheese that you ’d like to use .
I sometimes use Gruyère , which are shown in the cheese puffs you see at the top of the page .
But if you use a cheese like Mimolette or cheddar , they ’ll turn a deeper shade of brown when baked .
( Just below . )
The choice is up to you .
The best thing about this recipe , aside from being easy to make from ingredients one normally has on hand , is that they can be made earlier in the day , which is a good thing for those of us who like to take a break before our guests arrive .
A quick reheat in a moderate oven , just until rewarmed through , makes them as good as new .
Gougeres Print Recipe
About thirty mini bite - sized puffs Adapted from Drinking French .
Two things to keep in mind when making these .
One is that you should have all the ingredients ready to go before you start .
Do n’t let the water and butter boil away while you grate the cheese .
Otherwise you ’ll lose too much of the water .
Second is to let the batter cool for a few minutes before adding the eggs so you do n’t ‘ cook ’ them .
When you stir in the eggs that you do it vigorously , and without stopping .
I ’m not a fan of extra dishes to wash , but a stand mixer is the best way to mix the eggs in quickly .
Use a strong cheese , such as Gruyere , aged Comte , sharp cheddar , or a mix of cheeses .
Adding some smoked cheese to the mix is nice .
If you do n’t have a pastry bag with a plain tip , you can put the dough into a freezer bag , snip off a corner , and use that .
Or simply use two spoons to portion and drop the dough onto the baking sheet .
This recipe can easily be doubled if you want to make larger cheese puffs .
1/2 cup ( 125 ml ) water 3 tablespoons ( 40g ) butter , salted or unsalted , cut into cubes 1 / 4 teaspoon salt big pinch of chile powder or a few turns of freshly - ground black pepper 1 /2 cup ( 70g ) flour 2 large eggs 2 teaspoons minced chives , or 1 to 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme 3/4 cup ( about 3 ounces , 90g ) grated cheese ( See above for ideas ) 1 . Preheat the oven to 425 ºF ( 220 ºC ) .
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat .
2 . Heat the water , butter , salt , and pepper in a saucepan until the butter is melted .
3 . Dump in the flour all at once and stir vigorously until the mixture pulls away from the sides into a smooth ball .
Remove from heat and let rest two minutes , to cool it down a bit .
At this point , you can scrape the dough into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment .
If you do n’t have a mixer , let it cool in the pan , stirring it a few times to let the heat escape .
4 . Add the eggs , one at a time , stirring quickly to make sure the eggs do n’t ‘ cook . ’
The batter will first appear lumpy , but after a minute or so , it will smooth out .
5 . Add about 3 /4s of the grated cheese and the chives , and stir until well - mixed .
6 . Scrape the mixture into a pastry bag fitted with a wide plain tip and pipe the dough into mounds , evenly - spaced apart , making each about the size of a small cherry tomato .
7 . Top each puff with a bit of the remaining cheese , the put the baking sheet in the oven .
8 . Bake for 5 minutes , then turn the oven down to 375 ºF ( 190ºC ) and bake for an additional 20 to 25 minutes , until they ’re completely golden brown .
For extra-crispy puffs , five minutes before they ’re done , poke the side of each puff with a sharp knife to release the steam , and return to the oven to finish baking .
Serving :
The puffs are best served warm , and if making them in advance , you can simply pipe the gougeres on baking sheets and cook right before your guests arrive , or reheat the baked cheese puffs in a low oven for 5 - 10 minutes before serving .
Some folks like to fill them , or split them and sandwich a slice or dry - aged ham in there , although I prefer them just as they are .
A bit of troubleshooting :
The most common problem folks have with pate a choux , or cream puff dough , is deflated puffs .
The usual causes are too much liquid ( eggs ) , or under baking .
Make sure to use large eggs , not extra -large or jumbo , and use a dry , aged cheese , if possible .
And bake the puffs until they ’re completely browned up the sides so they do n’t sink when cooling .
If yours do deflate , that ’s fine .
I ’ve seen plenty of those in France .
Related links
Cream Puffs
Salmon Rillettes
Pin 880 1K Shares
The handling of allegations of child sex abuse in Dublin was investigated The Vatican should apologise for failing to co-operate with an inquiry into sex abuse by Catholic priests in Ireland , a Dublin bishop has said .
Auxiliary Bishop Eamonn
Walsh made the comments in an interview with Bloomberg news service on Friday .
The inquiry revealed that the Vatican and the Papal Nuncio in Dublin had ignored requests for information .
The Vatican said the requests had not come through " appropriate diplomatic channels . "
However , Bishop Walsh told Bloomberg he was disappointed and surprised by the Vatican 's attitude .
He said that the Vatican should have shown " courtesy and cooperation " and added , " If it were me , I would apologise . "
He told the news service he was speaking in a personal capacity .
Police The Report of the Commission of Investigation into the Catholic Archdiocese of Dublin , which was published on Thursday , covered a period from 1975 to 2004 .
It revealed a litany of child abuse by priests which had been covered - up by the church , on occasions senior police officers also colluded in the cover - up .
In the course of its work it asked for details of reports on abuse sent to the Vatican by the Dublin archdiocese in 2006 .
The Vatican did not reply but told the Irish Foreign Affairs department the request " had not gone through appropriate diplomatic channels " .
A request for information from the Papal Nuncio was also ignored .
In February 2007 , the commission wrote to the Dublin - based Papal Nuncio asking him to forward all relevant documents in his possession .
It also requested that he confirm whether he had any such documents but the Papal Nuncio did not reply .
Ashamed Earlier this year , the commission again failed to receive a reply after sending the Papal Nuncio extracts from its draft report which referred to him and his office , as it was required to do .
The Vatican told the Irish Times it " was a matter for the local church involved " .
A senior Vatican spokesman said diplomatic practice required that outside requests made to the governance of the Vatican pass through diplomatic channels , in this case the Department of Foreign Affairs in Dublin and the Irish Embassy to the Holy See in Rome .
The leader of the Catholic Church in Ireland has said he is deeply sorry and ashamed by the abuse the report had revealed .
Cardinal Sean Brady also apologised for the way the church covered - up the crimes .
The commissioner of the Irish police , Fachtna Murphy , apologised for the police failure to protect victims .
Victims groups are now calling for a similar inquiry to take place in every diocese in Ireland .
However , Bishop Walsh has said he does not believe that should happen .
He said it would be better for the Church to use its " time , energy and money " to improve child protection measures .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Psst ... hey , if you enjoy this post , sign up for my newsletter below and get stories and articles like this on living your self - storied life : JOIN 2,359 READERS
Leave this field empty if you 're human :
“ What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us . ” ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
The past does not define us ; what does is only what we choose to be .
We are slaves to the past only by our choosing .
For it is only by unwillingness do we refuse to let the past remain there .
To enslave one ’s self to the past is to relive it within one ’s own mind — the past becomes an overbearing and overarching foe , an obstructing veil that colors what we do and how we live .
Worst of all , those with whom we interact , those who cannot see and seldom realize the veil of the past that you choose to wear , suffer the consequences of misunderstanding , miscommunication , and strained relations .
The past serves us with lessons and reminders .
The past is a path that has lead us to this moment .
But as a hiker does not dwell upon the rocks that caused her to slip , or the creek that demanded from her a leap of faith so that she might cross it , dwelling upon challenges and trials of our pasts serve only to obstruct us from living fully , today .
While the past has , of course , heavily influenced who we perceive ourselves to be today , it does not define , limit , or restrict us and who we choose to be .
Our potential — what we allow ourselves to do today , and what we do on behalf of a better tomorrow — is always unlimited .
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - A fresh wave of cyber attacks that slowed U.S. and South Korean websites this week hit more targets on Thursday , a Web security firm said , while the South ’s spy agency has said the hacking may be linked to North Korea .
The impact of the attacks , aimed so far at dozens of sites including the White House and the South ’s presidential office , was seen as negligible , experts said , but served as a reminder that Pyongyang has been planning for cyber warfare .
“ The anticipated attack did take place , but considerable countermeasures were taken and it did act as a defense to some degree , ” an official at the online security firm Ahnlab said .
Some South Korean government websites , including the Defense Ministry and the National Intelligence Service , were affected .
Access to some U.S. government sites , including the State and Defense Department , from South Korea appeared to be disabled .
In Washington , U.S. government officials said all federal websites were up and running and there was no impact from any new attacks on Thursday .
The Pentagon said it had experienced an increase in cyber activity for about 24 to 48 hours after the July 4 holiday but the upswing had no significant effect on operations .
The Internet sites of some South Korean banks experienced a surge in access requests but a bank official said programs were run to disperse traffic and bring service back within an hour .
If the North was responsible , it would mark an escalation in tension already high from Pyongyang ’s nuclear test in May , a barrage of ballistic missiles in July and repeated taunts of long - time foes Seoul and Washington in its official media .
But some analysts questioned the North ’s involvement , saying it may be the work of industrial spies or pranksters .
One online expert was quoted as telling a South Korean daily that tracking the spread of the malicious software showed it had originated from an IP address based in United States .
The attacks will likely be regarded by the North ’s leadership as a victory for Kim Jong - il -- even if Pyongyang was not behind them -- because they hurt the country ’s traditional foes , adding a new dimension to the threat level posed by the reclusive state .
The attacks saturated target websites with access requests generated by malicious software planted on personal computers .
This has overwhelmed some targeted sites and slowed server response to legitimate traffic .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
PYONGYANG PLANS FOR CYBER WARFARE
The attacks did not lead to a breach of sensitive government material or damage online infrastructure in South Korea , the world ’s most wired country , government officials said .
But the National Intelligence Service said in a statement it was stepping up alert to monitor potential attacks against the network of energy and communications facilities .
South Korean media quoted parliament members saying after an intelligence briefing on Wednesday that the spy agency believed “ North Korea or pro-North elements ” were behind the attacks .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
The defense ministry is allocating 26 billion won ( $ 20.33 million ) to beef up security for its computer system , according to a budget request it released on Thursday .
U.S. officials would not speculate on who might be behind the attacks but noted that U.S. government websites face attacks or scams “ millions of times ” a day .
An expert on North Korea at the Heritage Foundation , Bruce Klingner , said the North had in operation a military unit with up to 1,000 skilled computer hackers created 10 years ago .
“ Pyongyang has an extensive and capable cyber terrorism effort to provide asymmetric attack capabilities , ” he said .
Internet access is denied to almost everyone in hermit North Korea , but intelligence sources said Pyongyang had placed a high priority on developing cyber attack skills .
Last month , the North warned of “ high - tech war ” against the South for spreading what it said was false information about its involvement in cyber attacks .
( $ 1=1278.9 Won )
Often we think about cutting down on what we buy because we ’d like to be frugal , and save money .
And I ’m all for that .
But there ’s more to buying less .
Way more .
The cost of purchasing an item just scratches the surface .
When we buy something , we are taking it into our homes , our lives , and we are taking on the life of another object in this world .
The life of an object ?
But surely you ’ve gone mad , Leo .
It ’s entirely possible I have — I ’m talking to myself in this post , after all .
But hear me out , O hypothetical reader in my mind .
An object is n’t born in the store .
It is born in the woods ( if it is wood ) , in the mines ( if it ’s metal ) , in the depths of the world ( in the case of petroleum - based products such as plastics , synthetic textiles and such ) , or perhaps all three places and more if it ’s a combination of materials .
It ’s born when those natural resources are mined or harvested ( at great cost and great cost to the environment ) , and then hauled to a factory somewhere , a factory that pollutes , inevitably .
It ’s shaped and shifted into its final form ( often in various factories ) , then shipped to various distribution systems and finally to the retailer .
I say finally , but it ’s far from final .
The life of this object has just begun to enter our lives , even though we ’ve already paid for the destruction of our Earth just to own it .
Now we must transport it home , further polluting and consuming and paying — paying for the cost of fuel and maintenance of our transportation , unless it ’s human - powered , as well as the cost of time , precious seconds of our lives that we ’ll never get back ) .
All of that spent , it now occupies valuable real estate in our homes ( or offices ) , real estate that could go to living space , or real estate that we could give up if we had less stuff and a smaller home .
This is real estate that ’s really expensive , btw : we pay exorbitant prices to own or rent a home , and every square foot of that home costs us more precious time that we spend working to earn the money to pay for that real estate .
And that ’s just for rent or mortgage .
Add in the cost of power or gas to heat or cool that home , the cost of maintaining the home , and the time we spend maintaining and cleaning and decluttering and organizing that home and the stuff in it .
And yet , we ’ve still only scratched the surface .
The item , if it ’s electronic , requires power .
All the time .
The item needs to be maintained .
Switched on and off , cleaned , oiled , and caution taken not to break it .
These are more precious seconds , precious dollars .
If it ’s wood or metal or glass , it might need to be polished .
It might break a bit and need repairing .
We have to store its warranty somewhere , and not forget about that ( more mental cycles spent ) .
We might have special tools for it , cleaning products , accessories .
All of those require space and care and money .
And yet , we ’re not even halfway there .
I ’ll spare you the rest of the narrative and just make a list .
And this is only a partial list .
Some costs of owning stuff :
It clutters our space , causing distractions and stress .
We must constantly move it to get to other stuff , to clean , to organize , to paint walls or decorate or remodel .
We must take it with us if we move , and often if we travel .
That ’s a ton of trouble and costs .
Often we pay for extra storage , outside in our yards or in storage facilities .
If it breaks , we will often take it to be repaired .
If we have kids or pets , we have to worry about it getting broken , or scold them for not being careful with it .
If we get used to it , and it breaks , we ’ll replace it because we think we need it .
If it gets old and crotchety , we have the headache of putting up with a less - than - functioning tool .
If we have too much stuff , it weighs us down , emotionally .
We get attached to our stuff , creating an emotional battle when we consider giving it up ( whether we actually give it up or not ) .
If we have too much stuff , we live in a cramped space , and do n’t have room for our other stuff .
Too much stuff causes more messes and is harder to clean .
We might trip over stuff and hurt ourselves .
If we do n’t trip over it , we must worry about that each time we pass by the item .
If we went into debt buying the stuff , we must deal with all the pain and worry of that debt , added to other debt .
Even if we do n’t go into debt , there ’s the added burden of dealing with the financial transaction in our checking registers or financial software , or reconciling it with the bank statement .
If we even bother , because sometimes it ’s just too much .
It gives us a false sense of security .
It reduces the time we have to spend doing things , instead of worrying about , cleaning , maintaining , using , and working to pay for stuff .
It reduces the quality of the time we do have .
At some point , we must worry about ( and spend time and money on ) getting rid of the item .
This means time and money spent on Ebay , Craiglist , a yardsale , giving it to a charity or friend or relative ( and the driving required to do that ) , taking out a classified ad , dealing with buyers , and so on .
A real headache .
If you die and leave your stuff , your relatives will have to deal with all of it .
A real headache indeed .
If , goodness forbid , a natural disaster happens , or your home gets burgled , you ’ll have to deal with the emotional loss of stuff .
I could go on , as you can probably tell .
There is no way to calculate the true cost of stuff , as it ’s way too complicated to put numbers on .
Just remember all of that , when you consider getting an item — even if it ’s supposedly free .
Nothing is free , when you consider all of the above .
Are you ready to deal with the life of that item , and the life you ’re going to give up to own it ?
To be admitted without review by committee : children under the age of 12 , sixth - grade teachers , the mothers of triplets , janitors , nuns ( all religions ) , nurses , all other mothers , loggers , policemen with more than 10 years of service , Buddhists ( see Appendix A ) , bass players in rock bands , librettists , gardeners , cartographers , eighth - grade teachers , cellists , farriers , veterinarians , magicians , compass - makers , firemen and firewomen , rare - book - room librarians , cobblers , anyone from the former Gilbert Islands in the South Pacific , breakfast cooks in diners , philologists , proofreaders , administrative assistants and secretaries , sauciers , mapmakers , cartwrights , cartoonists , essayists , people who manufacture thimbles , and Presbyterians ( see Appendix B ) .
To be admitted after cursory review by committee : archaeologists , Catholics , Jews , doctors ( except orthodontists ; see Appendix C ) , plumbers , taxi- drivers , boatwrights , soldiers actually engaged in defending their clan or country from attack or threatened attack , undertakers , popes without children , longshoremen , tugboat pilots , coaches of any elementary - school sport whatsoever ( precedence for basketball and Australian Rules football coaches ) , all other teachers , cellists , anyone who ever worked on an auction for a nonprofit , scuba divers , publishers of children ’s books , people from Finland , people who sell life insurance ( it turns out life insurance is something really , really close to the Director ’s heart ) , anyone who ever took a tango lesson , hotel doormen , people who brew beer in their bathtubs , child - care - center directors , emergency dispatchers , detectives , monks , anyone in the peanut - butter industry , paddle surfers ( female ) , bus drivers , fishmongers , anyone who ever repaired a copy machine or a child ’s bicycle , and any father who ever wiped or bathed a child other than his own without complaint .
To be admitted under the special Mother of the Lord provision ( “ the back door ” ) : Unitarians , Pete Maravich , exotic dancers , journalists ( see Appendix D ) .
To be admitted under the special Saint Joseph provision ( “ the Wauvoo door ” ) : male paddle surfers , Sir Donald Bradman , muleskinners , a man named Wemera who lived 10,000 years ago in what is today Brazil , highway construction and repair crews , and Mormons ( see Appendix E ) .
To be admitted only by special appeal to the Director : theatrical agents , anyone who ever sold marijuana or alcohol to a child , avant - garde artists , mimes , senators , Caesars , pharaohs , preachers , short - story writers ( Flannery O’Connor excepted ) , and any leader of a state who has called himself , or instructed others to call him , The Great Helmsman , The Dear Leader , President for Life , Brother Leader , Father of the Country , etc .
To be admitted only after review by the Screening Board ( Catherine of Siena , chairwoman ) , the Board of Appeals ( Meher Baba , chairman ) and the Last Gasp Committee ( Cardinal Joseph Bernadin , chairman ) : poets , novelists , buskers , spies , New York Yankees fans .
To be admitted if Hell freezes over : flautists , ethicists , sommeliers , magazine editors , Iosif Vissarionovich Dzhugashvili , also known as Joseph Stalin , and Mao Zedong .
There are any number of other names on this list ; two per year rotate to the top for public promulgation , as here .
The other names are held in the heart of the Director .
Believe me it is n’t worth asking Him about the other names .
We have tried and tried , and have invented sly angles for asking the question , like “ Your Lovingness , sir , can Hitler be forgiven and admitted into the Ocean of Joy , and what ’s the story with Usamah bin Muhammad bin Awad bin Ladin , when he eventually dies when providentially an enormous rock falls on him as he is preening himself for his latest video production ? ”
But
He just smiles , you know how He does that , it drives you nuts , that smile , talk about your mysterious gnomic grins , but what can you do , you know what I mean ?
Appendix A : Those to whom all life is holy , and who act in accordance to this belief , have worn the seamless garment and are admitted without qualification , no matter what religion they professed , or lack thereof .
Appendix B : Robert Louis Stevenson was a Presbyterian , so all Presbyterians before and after his tenure on earth ( 1850 - 1894 ) are admitted , by direct fiat of the Director .
Appendix C : This class of men and women is under review .
For 2009 they are classed with cosmetic surgeons , psychics and the owners of psychedelia shops as probationary .
Appendix D : Unitarians , bless their earnest hearts , are admitted without further ado , but the debates over the qualifications of journalists as a class go back millennia and have generated many planets ’ worth of legal records .
For the year 2009 , print and radio journalists are given precedence over web journalists .
Television journalists are , as usual , not admitted , but this year for the first time are allowed to file appeals with Mr. Edward Murrow .
Appendix E : The ways and means of the Director are fascinating and often beyond the ken of the recording secretary .
Wemera is said to be the most compassionate man who ever lived , at least according to pub talk up here ; details are filed in the Library .
Sir Donald Bradman , an Australian of the 20th century after the birth of the Son of Light , was the greatest cricket player who ever lived , and you know how the Director feels about cricket .
As regards the Mormons , which is what they are called here , although they much prefer to be called members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - Day Saints , they have been , since the year 1912 after the Incarnation , admitted without further ado if they can be made to giggle at the idea of Joseph Smith staring into his hat and reading there the burning words of the new book of holies , but hey , Catholicism , to pick another human religious path , has its own weird adventures , like people praying over the shards of the sternums of saints , and seeing the Madonna on tortillas and cinnamon rolls and stop signs , and making like my boy Joseph of Cupertino and suddenly leaping into the air and floating there for a while , which he liked to do here in his first few weeks , but then he realized that everyone here leaps and floats because we are in the presence of the Director , who is joy incarnate .
But you knew that .
Brian Doyle is the editor of Portland Magazine at the University of Portland and the author most recently of Thirsty for the Joy : Australian & American Voices ( One Day Hill , Australia ) .
Does Darwin's
On the Origin of Species need a special introduction ?
Creationist Ray Comfort thinks so .
On Thursday , November 19 , mere days before the 150th anniversary of the publication of Charles Darwin 's Origin , Comfort plans to distribute free copies of Origin at colleges and universities across the U.S. and ( on the 24th ) in Canada .
These free copies include a " special introduction " by Comfort which claims , among other things , that evolution is scientifically false and that Darwin was a misogynist racist whose ideas inspired Hitler .
Talk about spoiling an anniversary !
To put Comfort 's claims in perspective — and to aid scientists , teachers , students , and other concerned citizens in protesting Comfort 's distortions — the NCSE has created a special site chock - full of advice , analysis , background information , videos , and more .
Visit www.dontdissdarwin.com
... and you 'll see some of the tools we 're providing , including :
The NCSE Safety Bookmark ( a tongue - in - cheek tool for separating the Comfort introduction from the rest of the Origin )
" Why Ray Comfort is Wrong " ( A flyer detailing Comfort 's wacky take on science , history , and theology )
Our not -quite - serious Public Service Announcement video
Posters and signs you can get printed for Comfort 's event
A detailed backgrounder on the Comfort introduction , pointing out the flaws , distortions , misinterpretations , and other problems .
Web sites , books , journals and other science resources devoted to evolution
Links to Dr. Eugenie Scott 's debate with Comfort on U.S. News & World Report 's web site
A list of the colleges and universities that Comfort claims to be targeting .
CONTACT : Robert Luhn , Director of Communications , NCSE , 510-601-7203 , luhn@ncse.com
Web site : www.ncse.com
The National Center for Science Education ( NCSE ) is a not - for - profit , membership organization that defends and promotes the teaching of evolution in the public schools .
The NCSE provides information and resources to schools , parents , and concerned citizens working to keep evolution in public school science education .
We educate the press and public about the scientific , educational , and legal aspects of the creation and evolution controversy , and supply needed information and advice to defend good science education at local , state , and national levels .
Our 4000 members are scientists , teachers , clergy , and citizens with diverse religious affiliations .
Every week Bob Westal whips up a new drink recipe , from the classics we all love to new recipes to try out when you 're out or at home .
Czechvar beer review , Czech beers , the real Budweiser
Czechvar , the real Budweiser
Beer Reviews / Food & Drink Channel / Bullz - Eye Home
Anheuser Busch has been duking it out with a relatively modest brewery in Ceske Budejovice for more than 100 years .
There 's no point in choosing sides in , or re-hashing , that argument here .
After numerous court decisions , the situation is that the original Czech beer is called Budweiser , or Budvar , in the Czech Republic , but is marketed as Czechvar in the States .
That 's where the similarity ends between the two beers .
Nobody in the world drinks beer like the Czechs , and they are justifiably proud of their brews .
They do n't export many , and they do n't have the massive variety we 've grown accustomed to having here .
They mostly keep things simple and true , rather than getting overly creative in the brewery .
But , you can be fairly certain , the quality will be high whatever beer you choose .
Their Budweiser is not quite the best Czech pilsner , but it is pretty good , and one of the very few available in the US .
I cringed when I saw that it was in a green bottle , but it still tasted as fresh as the ones I had from the source .
Just be careful when and where you purchase it , as with any green - bottled beer .
The appearance is just as a pilsner should be , a clear and sparkling , light gold .
The white head is n't as pronounced and fluffy coming from the bottle rather than a keg , and it does n't stick around long , either .
The aroma leans heavier to the malt side .
Bread and a few herbs – nothing surprising .
The taste is built on the sweet malt , allowing the grain to come through every step of the way .
The hops mostly dance on top of that base , giving it just the right note of citrus , but mostly imparting a clean , crisp , dry finish .
Overall , the flavor stays a bit thin , but it 's a good drinking beer .
Smooth , and maybe even a little creamy .
The light body makes it a nice , summery pilsner , and the alcohol content is a fairly tame 5 % .
As with most pilsners , this one does n't get in the way of food .
It matches up especially well with anything spicy or sharp , but you can happily wash down whatever you like with this lager .
It 's more of a great session beer , though .
They 're not trying to make some hugely complex and interesting flavor monster here .
It 's a perfect beer for lounging around an outdoor patio with a gang of friends , and pound away .
Needless to say , this is not quite your father 's Dudweiser .
It still comes with a bit more hype than it probably deserves , though .
It is not the best pilsner in the world .
It 's certainly not the best beer the Czech Republic has to offer .
But it is a good , solid example of a more than decent pilsner , one that is more available in these parts than most other imports .
If it were n't for the infamous issues with the name , I 'm afraid this beer would probably slip through the cracks and go mostly unnoticed .
Most people will at least want to try it because they 've heard of the battle with Anheuser Busch .
But , if you 're trying it because of the Czech reputation for fine beer , you 'll probably find yourself a tad disappointed .
Czechvar is a good Czech beer , but nowhere near their best effort .
The Large Hadron Collider , the most powerful particle accelerator ever constructed , is gearing up for another attempt at actually colliding said particles , with the entire 27 km ring having been brought down to an operating temperature of 1.9 K — colder than outer space itself .
This is n't the first time a startup of the massive device has been attempted ; a bit over a year ago , particles had circulated within the LHC for over a week before it suffered a catastrophic failure .
That failure has led to a series of new safety measures that should avoid similar problems , but other issues may crop up , simply due to the fact that we 've never built anything quite like this before .
Of course , that may end up being a good thing .
If the LHC can work its way up to its full potential , we may see things that are nothing like anything we 've observed before .
The engineering
The LHC is built to accelerate particles to a speed that 's so close to that of light that , for most of us , the difference could be considered a rounding error .
That 's fast enough that particles will run over 11,000 laps around the 27 km circumference each second .
Obviously , that creates a number of engineering challenges .
For one , you can't afford to have much else in the path of the particle beam , so the entire thing has to be run in a vacuum — the LHC will have an vacuum that 's 10 times less dense than the atmosphere of the moon .
The other challenge is that these particles will have a very strong tendency to travel in a straight line .
To get them to actually run in a curved path , the LHC relies on an enormous collection of exceptionally powerful magnets to curve and focus the beam .
That 's where the low temperatures come in , as the magnets require superconductive wiring to generate an appropriately strong magnetic field .
That also requires prodigious amounts of electric current , which can only be delivered by wires that are also superconducting .
( So much current is involved , in fact , that the LHC 's operational schedule is built around the European energy supply . )
All of this means that when something goes wrong — even something small — there 's a very real chance that it will go wrong in a big way .
That seems to have been what happened in last year 's failure , which was triggered by a major leak in the liquid helium coolant .
This is a serious danger because these , in turn , can lead to failures in the superconducting wiring and the magnets it feeds .
Since the failure would n't spread evenly through the magnet , the carefully - balanced forces between the poles could became unbalanced , and the off - axis force can tear things apart .
Fortunately , there was plenty of opportunity to learn from this problem , and the newly revamped LHC has better monitoring equipment in its superconducting wiring , and a new system for dumping some of the energy out of the magnets once failures are detected .
It remains possible that something new might pop up , but a repeat of the same issues seems far less likely .
The science
Once beams start running through the collider again , the idea is to run the LHC over the winter at half its rated power before bringing the collision energy up to its full 14 tera electron volts ( TeV ) sometime next spring .
At that point , we should see ... well , we 're not entirely sure what .
That 's not to say that we have no idea what will happen ; rather , there are a range of possibilities , some of which may be out of reach of the energies created by the LHC .
That point is worth elaborating on .
Based on what we already know about the Universe , it 's possible to create models that include things like the Higgs Boson ( which conveys mass ) and exotic dark matter particles .
However , it 's possible to have a number of models — in some cases , several entire classes of models — that are consistent with the data we have in hand .
Some of these predict that it will take less than 14TeV to produce a Higgs Boson , others do n't ; a similar thing applies to dark matter .
So it 's entirely possible that the Higgs will continue to elude us even after the LHC reaches its full potential .
But that will also mean that , by failing to find it at 14TeV , we 've eliminated a significant number of potential models , allowing physicists to focus in on the remainder .
The flipside to not really knowing what we 'll see is that reality may always surprise us with something either considered low probability — quantum black holes , anyone ? — or something entirely unexpected .
Of course , all of this assumes that reality wo n't keep ensuring that the LHC breaks down , a prospect recently considered in The New York Times .
Continued failures of the LHC may also constrain various models of reality , but only if we can accurately calculate the probability at which 27 kilometers worth of one - of - a - kind hardware will fail .
You can follow the LHC 's progress at the CERN Bulletin .
Listing image by CERN
The virus XMRV has become a favorite topic in the scientific community -- three years after its initial discovery in prostate cancer tumors by researchers from the Cleveland Clinic and the University of California , San Francisco .
In October , a team of researchers from the Clinic , the University of Nevada at Reno and the National Cancer Institute reported finding the virus in the majority of patients they studied who had chronic fatigue syndrome .
CFS is a debilitating disorder marked by profound fatigue , muscle pain , impaired memory and other symptoms .
Its causes are unknown .
That news came on the heels of another study , published in September , that revealed the virus could be an important marker for aggressive prostate cancer tumors .
Capitalizing on the excitement and heightened spirit of collaboration , 75 of the top scientists nationwide studying XMRV are flying in to convene Wednesday at the Clinic .
" This is the first meeting of the major players in the area of XMRV , " said John Coffin of the department of microbiology at Tufts University in Boston .
" I think there 's going to be a lot of excitement and a lot of new information presented . "
XMRV is one of three known human retroviruses .
The other two are HIV and HTLV ( a type of virus that infects white blood cells and can cause leukemia and lymphoma ) .
All three are transmitted through bodily fluids .
One of the most striking things about XMRV is that there are indications that up to 4 percent of people in the United States carry the virus , said Coffin , who wrote an editorial accompanying a journal article on the link to chronic fatigue syndrome .
" There might be other consequences of this infection , " he said .
The invitation - only gathering will be the first large meeting of scientists on XMRV since the National Institutes of Health 's closed - door session last summer on the topic .
The National Cancer Institute helped pull together key people involved in various research projects , said Robert Silverman , a cancer biologist at the Clinic 's Lerner Research Institute .
" It 's been about two months in the making . "
It will be a chance for researchers not only to swap information but to form new collaborations .
" We 're learning things at such a rapid pace that we need a venue to exchange ideas and information , " said Dr. Ila Singh , a professor in the University of Utah 's department of pathology and senior author of the research involving prostate cancer patients .
" I 'm hoping for a deeper understanding .
We know so little at the moment .
I 'm hoping to learn more about the virus , " she said .
" That 's what 's sorely lacking .
There 's a lot of speculative information . . . I want to know what 's real . "
In advance of Wednesday 's meeting , Silverman , one of the researchers credited with the initial discovery of XMRV , spoke with The Plain Dealer :
How did XMRV get its name ?
It 's a descriptive name .
Xenotropic , which means the virus came from mice but mice are immune to its effects .
It does affect other animals .
Murine leukemia , which is the parent virus .
Related Virus .
How does XMRV affect animals ?
XMRV is closely related to a virus that causes leukemia , lymphoma and neurological diseases in animals .
[ Research ] suggests that the human version could cause similar disease .
How did humans acquire XMRV ?
We probably acquired it from mice because that 's where the prototype exists .
At what point it crossed over to humans we do n't know .
It 's probably something that 's been out there for a long time .
Maybe many years .
How is XMRV spread ?
That research is in the planning stage .
What we 're doing is trying to develop diagnostic assays to assess who has it and who does n't .
We 're trying to determine how the virus is transmitted .
With the new possible link to chronic fatigue syndrome , does this make getting funding for XMRV research easier ?
The funding part remains to be seen .
There 's been a tremendous interest in chronic fatigue syndrome .
I 've been getting almost nonstop calls from doctors and patients .
They 're obviously looking for hope in this study , although the virus is not proven to cause CFS .
That 's still unknown .
But until it 's ruled out , it 's going to obviously be a subject of great interest .
Have the research gains since your findings three years ago been significant enough that investigators are hopeful about what may be around the corner ?
It was kind of a sleeper .
We published in 2006 .
There were really only a handful of papers published in the first couple years .
It takes time for scientists to mobilize and perform research .
Now there 's a flurry of publications working on it .
The field is exploding .
It depends on whether we can nail down if this is a disease - causing virus .
The potential of this is enormous .
If it is proven to cause prostate cancer or chronic fatigue syndrome , then there would be the potential for new methods of diagnosis , new methods of treatment -- antivirals , even for prevention .
That 's why we 're so excited about the prospect .
What about the recent study by German researchers in the journal Retrovirology that found no link between XMRV and prostate cancer ?
It is not atypical of science for different groups to get different results .
There could be methodological differences .
I believe our methods were more sensitive .
They may have missed it .
Or it could be a different strain .
Another interpretation is that the virus is more prevalent in the United States than in Germany .
Why should the average person care about XMRV ?
We do n't know at this point if the virus causes either prostate cancer or chronic fatigue syndrome .
Our results suggest that XMRV is a candidate for causing human disease .
However , it 's still in a relatively early stage of the research .
There are potentially major public health implications of this virus , so there 's an urgency to figure it out and move forward .
What is the Clinic working on now in relation to XMRV ?
We 're working to help develop a diagnostic test that could be applied to a large number of people .
It could be developed pretty quickly , maybe in a year or two .
We 're really studying how the virus could cause disease at a very fundamental level .
But a vaccine could be 10 years [ away ] or maybe longer .
This is exciting research .
We 're working as hard as we can to help benefit patients .
Contact Angela Townsend : atownsen@plaind.com or 216-999-3894 .
«« First « Previous | Random | Next » Current »»
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
The Riemann Hypothesis " officially " turns 150 years old this month ( - ish ) .
One other notable 150th birthday being celebrated this month is Darwin'sOn the Origin of Species .
Apparently , November 1859 was one helluva month .
It could mean that that point in time inherently contains some sort of cosmicsignificance , almost as if it were the temporal junction point of the entirespacetime continuum .
On the other hand , it could just be an amazing coincidence .
Tatsuya Ichihashi , the prime suspect in the murder of Lindsay Hawker , has been caught .
Perhaps the process of achieving justice for the family of the British teacher can begin at last .
However , the Hawkers are not the only victims of this sad episode ; others will suffer , albeit indirectly and to a much lesser extent , from the ensuing cultural fallout .
This is because the mainstream media has seized on the crime as an excuse to indulge in practically the only form of overt racism still tolerated today – the demonisation and denigration , en masse , of Japanese men .
When British citizens are killed abroad , the countries in which the crime takes place rarely attract such negative scrutiny as Japan has with the Hawker case .
As David McNeill remarked in the Japan Times a couple of months after the murder , the case unleashed a flurry of " yellow peril " scaremongering in the western media .
Typical of the response was the Daily Mail , which sent a reporter to the Roppongi entertainment district of Tokyo ( hardly the place to find a cross- section of Japanese society ) to get the lowdown on Japanese men from foreign bar hostesses .
They rattled off the old stereotypes of the men as ' " strange , uncomfortable and unpredictable " , " so very different to us " , impossible to understand and having an unhealthy attitude to foreign women .
The paper announced that the murder had " cast a sinister shadow " over Tokyo's entire female expatriate community .
" In Japan , " it proclaimed , " British women constantly have to put up with unwanted male attention – such as the endemic groping on the trains " .
Later , it interviewed another British teacher who cautioned women to be " wary " before travelling to the country .
Others have also capitalised on this crude stereotype .
In September 2008 , Radio 4 broadcast a play by John Dryden and Miriam Smith entitled A Tokyo Murder , which was loosely based on the Hawker case and which trotted out the same xenophobic caricatures about an uptight society with an underlying streak of insanity that refuses to co-operate with western forces of reason and justice .
This year Clare Campbell included a discussion of the Hawker case in Tokyo Hostess , an investigation of the Roppongi bar scene and the Lucie Blackman murder – even though Lindsay Hawker had nothing to do with hostessing .
As Susanna Jones commented in a review of Campbell 's book , the only thing the murders have in common is that Blackman and Hawker were " targeted by horrifyingly dangerous men " .
To imply that the presence of two psychopaths makes a whole country dangerous for foreign women is to leap to the most preposterous of conclusions .
And it is not just the Blackman and Hawker cases that invite this approach .
The same ignorant stereotypes are rolled out at any opportunity .
Newspaper reports of the Nomura sex discrimination case emphasise the fact that the bank is Japanese , even though sex discrimination is endemic in banking and companies of every nation are routinely sued for it .
Television programmes seek out oddballs to portray as mainstream , eating live fish , doing cosplay or collecting hentai manga .
And cinemagoers would be forgiven for thinking that every other Japanese was a geisha or a yakuza .
Any half - informed piece of disinformation seems to suffice where Japan is concerned .
I have lived in Japan for nine years , I have a Japanese husband and son , and I can honestly say that the most striking thing about people here is how downright normal they are .
They talk about mortgages .
They worry about the flu .
They walk the dog and coo at babies on trains .
I have never felt threatened , have never experienced " unwanted male attention " or been assaulted .
We have harassment and gender equality rules at work , all conscientiously observed .
Ichihashi is viewed as a freak , and his picture hangs in police boxes beside those of the Aum cult members .
This is modern normality , and if foreigners who came here actually bothered to learn the language and find out what people what ordinary Japanese people think they would appreciate that .
Is it such a big deal if the Daily Mail indulges a bit of mindless foreigner - bashing ?
I think so .
It affects the way my husband is treated in Britain and may hamper my son's ability to integrate into British society .
The stereotyping also speaks volumes about the western psyche .
It suggests that westerners resent and fear successful non-white cultures and that they cope by denigrating and dehumanising them .
What Britain chooses to see in Japan says more about its own insecurities than about the Japanese , and if Britain wants any role on the world stage in the future , attitudes will have to change as Asia grows .
Jenny
Holt posts below the line as kikichan .
She suggested this article in our recent the What do you want to talk about thread .
ESPN fired baseball analyst Steve Phillips — and let the world know via Twitter on a Sunday night — after his summer fling with 22 - year - old junior co-worker Brooke Hundley splashed across the tabloids and blogs last week .
ESPN said Phillips ’ “ ability to be an effective representative for ESPN has been significantly and irreparably damaged . ”
Why did ESPN really fire Phillips ?
( Watch coverage of Phillips ' firing )
He was an embarrassment for ESPN : “ In case you have trouble parsing that statement ” from ESPN , says Dashiell Bennett in Gawker ’s Deadspin , it means it was n't having sex with a subordinate , cheating on his wife , or " creating an unsafe work environment " that got Steve Phillips fired .
It was “ being an embarrassment to the company . ”
If you work at ESPN , “ that ’s where the line is , in case you were wondering . ”
“ Steve Phillips Fired By ESPN ”
Deadspin ’s vendetta did Phillips in : ESPN probably made an example of Steve Phillips , says Ryan Wilson in AOL ’s FanHouse , so all employees would know that it will address bad behavior “ swiftly and severely ” from now on .
But Phillips might still have a job if Deadspin had n't gone nuts , and published sex rumors about several ESPN employees to punish the network for having denied the Phillips rumor back in August .
( Read more about Deadspin ’s revenge . )
“ Steve Phillips Fired by ESPN ”
He was fired for being a pig — and good riddance : Phillips was just the latest in a series of “ powerful men ” punished for “ behaving badly with women underlings , ” says Susan Reimer in the Baltimore Sun .
It ’s like men never learned from “ former President Bill Clinton ’s nasty go - round with impeachment . ”
Finally , after David Letterman and now Steve Phillips , it ’s “ rewarding to see the steep price some of these guys are paying for their little harems . ”
“ Men ( and underlings ) behaving badly ”
Phillips just worked for the wrong network :
If David Letterman " drops this into his monologue , ” says Ephraim Gadsby in Gawker , he ’s gutsier than I thought .
But since Letterman still has a job , the thing that got Steve Phillips fired was the fact that he worked for ESPN , not CBS .
Now he ’s stuck “ taking the traditional route in such pants - down circumstances : ” rehab to “ to address his personal issues . ”
“ If You ’re Going to Sleep With a Co- Worker , Do It at CBS Not ESPN ”
StreetInsider
November 19 , 2009
A key House panel approved the Paul - Grayson Amendment by an overwhelming 43 - 26 Thursday afternoon , which will give watchdogs new authority to audit the Federal Reserve .
Here is a summary of the Paul - Grayson Amendment :
Dear Financial Services Committee Colleague :
It is encouraging to see the issue of Federal Reserve transparency receiving so much attention during this current markup .
Today we plan to offer an amendment to the Financial Stability Improvement
Act that expands on the many extant proposals to enhance Federal Reserve transparency .
Our amendment is based on HR 1207 , the Federal Reserve Transparency Act , which has broad bipartisan and grassroots support .
The bill is cosponsored by 309 Members of Congress , including all Financial Services Committee Republicans and 13 Financial Services Committee Democrats .
[ efoods ]
The amendment removes restrictions on GAO audits of the Federal Reserve , as HR 1207 does , but makes a few changes to take into account some of the concerns that the Fed has made known in public testimony .
Specifically , the Paul / Grayson amendment :
* Exempts unreleased transcripts and minutes from meetings of the Board and FOMC to address the Fed ’s concerns that free and open debate in their meetings would be stifled .
* Sets a 180 - day time lag for release of details of market actions the Fed has undertaken , to address the Fed ’s concerns that Congress or GAO is second - guessing its actions .
* Removes boilerplate language that allowed GAO to make recommendations on monetary policy and adds a section stating that nothing in the amendment shall be construed as interference in or dictation of monetary policy to the Fed .
Unlike proposals that target the Fed ’s 13 ( 3 ) facilities , the Paul / Grayson amendment opens up the entire $ 2 trillion Federal Reserve balance sheet to a GAO audit .
The Fed ’s recent purchases of nearly $ 800 billion in mortgage - backed securities ( MBS ) have occurred under the MBS Purchase Program , authorized under section 14 ( b ) of the Federal Reserve Act .
This program , which is expected to reach a size of $ 1.25 trillion , would remain exempt from audit even if all the current 13 ( 3 ) audit proposals were to go into effect .
Targeting facilities that are in the process of being drawn down and that are authorized under a specific subsection of the Federal Reserve while allowing other facilities to spring up in their place is counterproductive to true transparency .
All purchases and loans that appear on the balance sheet should be subject to audit , without loopholes for the Fed to evade scrutiny .
More importantly , the Paul / Grayson amendment does not create any additional burdens .
Some competing proposals , while making a good effort at expanding the number of 13 ( 3 ) facilities open to audit , take a step backwards by imposing new restrictions on GAO that are more burdensome than the restrictions currently written into law .
We can not accept these new restrictions .
Unlike competing proposals , this amendment amends existing restrictions on GAO audit authority , a necessary precondition for a complete audit .
Competing proposals leave these restrictions in place , and even add new ones .
We also reject the false dichotomy between transparency and independence .
The Paul / Grayson amendment would achieve the necessary transparency of the trillions of dollars of Fed interventions while keeping Congress from directly intervening in the decision - making process .
Independence should not be synonymous with secrecy .
We urge our colleagues to support the Paul / Grayson amendment .
Sincerely ,
Ron Paul , Member of Congress
Alan Grayson , Member of Congress
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The initiative comes as part of a broader New York State program that goes by the name of Empire 2.0 .
Other fun parts of the program include monitoring Facebook posts to try and spot early signs of suicidal behavior , and dispensing info to the public via Twitter .
Homeland Security has also begun using the online game Second Life to train 700,000 first responders .
Another , Dr Val Finnell , who took a course with him in 2007 at the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences in Maryland , did complain about Hasan 's " anti-American rants . "
He said : " The system is not doing what it 's supposed to do .
He at least should have been confronted about these beliefs , told to cease and desist , and to shape up or ship out .
I really questioned his loyalty . "
How long did ale and beer remain as separate brews ?
Most * drinkers , I think , know that “ ale ” was originally the English name for an unhopped fermented malt drink , and beer was the name of the fermented malt drink flavoured with hops , a taste for which was brought to this country from the continental mainland about 1400 .
Some might be able to tell you that ale and beer then existed alongside each other as separate drinks for some time : but that eventually ale started being brewed with hops as well , and finally any difference between the two drinks disappeared , with “ ale ” and “ beer ” becoming synonyms .
But when did that happen ?
I used to think that their merger into synonymity was pretty much complete in Georgian England at the latest , agreeing with the historian WH Chaloner , who wrote in 1960 , reviewing Peter Mathias ’s great book
The brewing industry in England , 1700 - 1830 : “ By the end of the seventeenth century the terms ‘ ale ’ ( originally a sweetish , unhopped malt liquor ) and the newer ‘ beer ’ ( a bitter , hopped malt liquor ) had come to describe more or less identical products following the victory of the latter drink . ”
But as I read more and more , I slowly realised that this was untrue : that in English , “ ale ” and “ beer ” maintained differences through until the 20th century that were , ultimately , from their origins as unhopped and hopped drinks respectively ( and nothing to do with the modern American habit of referring to all “ top - fermented ” beers as “ ales ” , regardless of their histories and origins ) .
Beer geekery warning : if teasing apart the knotted and tangled threads of brewing history is your bag , stick with me for the next 2,500 words as we range over five centuries of malted liquors and watch meanings mutate : if you ’d rather read something contemporary , Rob Sterowski , alias Barm , at I Might Have A Glass of Beer is always an interesting and often a provocative read , and he maintains an excellent list of other beer bloggers as well .
For those of you still with me : here ’s a quote on ale and beer from 1912 , less than a century ago , from a book called Brewing , by Alfred Chaston Chapman :
“ At the present day the two words are very largely synonymous , beer being used comprehensively to include all classes of malt liquor , whilst the word ale is applied to all beers other than stout and porter . ”
Why were n’t stout and porter called ales ?
This is a reflection , 200 years on , of the origin of porter ( and brown stout ) in the brown beers made by the beer brewers of London , rivals of the ale brewers for 500 years , ever since immigrants from the Low Countries began brewing in England with hops .
“ Obadiah Poundage ” , the aged brewery worker who wrote a letter to the London Chronicle in 1760 about the tax on “ malt liquors ” ( the general term used for ale and beer as a class in the 18th century ) , is usually mined for the light he threw on the history of porter , but he is also very revealing on the continuing difference between ale and beer .
In Queen Anne ’s reign , about 1710 , Poundage said , the increase in taxes on malt ( caused by the expense of the War of the Spanish Succession ) caused brewers to look to make a drink with less malt and more hops :
“ Thus the drinking of beer became encouraged in preference to ale … but the people not easily weaned from their heavy sweet drink , in general drank ale mixed with beer . ”
This ale seems to have been brown ale ( and the beer brown beer ) , for Poundage says that it was the gentry , “ now residing in London more than they had done in former times ” , who “ introduced the pale ale , and the pale small beer they were habituated to in the country ; and either engaged some of their friends , or the London brewers to make for them these kinds of drinks . ”
The pale ale “ was sold by the victualler at 4d per quart and under the name of two - penny . ”
It was the need to counter the success of this pale ale that “ excited the brown beer trade to produce , if possible , a better sort of commodity , in their way , than heretofore had been made ” , an effort that “ succeeded beyond expectation ” with the development of what became known as porter , because of its popularity with London ’s many street porters .
But while the “ brown beer trade ” developed into the porter brewers , the ale brewers continued to find a market .
Indeed , outside London and the south of England , beer does not seem to have been that popular until Queen Anne ’s time at the earliest .
Daniel Defoe , writing in his Tour through the Eastern Counties of England , published in 1722 , about the great hop fair at Stourbridge , just outside Cambridge , on the banks of the Cam , said :
“ As to the north of England , they formerly used but few hops there , their drink being chiefly pale smooth ale , which required no hops , and consequently they planted no hops in all that part of England , north of the Trent ; nor did I ever see one acre of hop ground planted beyond Trent in my observation ; but as for some years past , they not only brew great quantities of beer in the north , but also use hops in the brewing their ale much more than they did before ; so they all come south of Trent to buy their hops ; and here being vast quantities brought , it is great part of their back carriage into Yorkshire and Northamptonshire , Derbyshire , Lancashire , and all those counties ; nay , of late since the Union , even to Scotland itself . ”
It looks to have taken a century for the habit of putting hops in ale to spread north : in 1615 , Gervase Markham published The English Huswife , in which he declared :
“ The generall use is by no means to put any hops into ale , making that the difference betwixt it and beere , that the one hath hops the other none ; but the wiser huswives do find an error in that opinion , and say the utter want of hops is the reason why ale lasteth so little a time , but either dyeth or soureth , and therefore they will to every barrell of the best ale allow halfe a pound of good hops . ”
Fourteen years after Defoe ’s report on North of England pale ale , the first edition of the London and Country Brewer , by the Hertfordshire farmer William Ellis , succinctly summed up the difference between ale and beer in the 1730s :
“ For strong brown ale brewed in any of the winter months and boiled an hour , one pound is but barely sufficient for a hogshead , if it be tapped in three weeks or a month .
If for pale ale brewed at that time , and for that age , one pound and a quarter of hops ; but if these ales are brewed in any of the summer months there should be more hops allowed .
“ For October or March brown beer , a hogshead made from eleven bushels of malt boiled an hour and a quarter , to be kept nine months , three pounds and a half ought to be boiled in such drink at the least .
For October or March pale beer , a hogshead made from fourteen bushels , boiled an hour and a quarter and kept twelve months , six pounds ought to be allowed to a hogshead of such drink and more if the hops are shifted in two bags , and less time given the wort to boil . ”
Going on Ellis ’s figures , early 18th century ale contained up to 60 per cent more hops than Gervaise Markham ’s “ huswives ” used in ale brewing a century earlier , but still only around a quarter as much hops as the beer .
This , Ellis said , was because “ Ale … to preserve in its mild Aley Taste , will not admit of any great Quantity of Hops . ”
Consumers , incidentally , continued to mix their malt liquors : ale and beer together was called “ mixt - beer ” , according to the Vollständiges Wörterbuch der englischen Sprache für die Deutschen , an English - German dictionary published in 1793 , which said that “ mixt - beer ” was
“… eine Vermischung von ungehopften und gehopften Bieren , wohen das Ale vorschmeckt . ”
which if my very poor German is correct , translates as “ a mixture of unhopped and hopped beers , in which the taste of the ale predominates . ”
“ Ale ” the Wörterbuch translated as “ susses , ungehopftes Bier “ , sweet , unhopped beer .
Later , in the first part of the 19th century ale was mixed with porter , to make a “ half - and - half ” that would be stronger than porter on its own .
As the extract from the L&CB makes clear , ale could be brown or pale in the 18th century , but it looks as if , gradually , the expectation grew that ale would generally be a light colour .
A book called Scenes of British Wealth , in Produce , Manufactures , and Commerce , by Isaac Taylor , published in 1825 , claimed :
“ We may say … that ale differs from beer in having fewer hops , which , giving less bitterness , leaves more of the soft smooth sweetness of the malt .
It is usual , too , to brew it with pale malt , so that it is not so brown as beer . ”
Ale was certainly sweeter than beer in the 1820s , according to Andrew Ure ’s Dictionary of Chemistry of 1821 :
“ Beside the various qualities of malt liquors of a similar kind , there are certain leading features by which they are distinguished and classed under different names , and to produce which different modes of management must be pursued .
The principal distinctions are into beer , properly so called ; ale ; table or small beer ; and porter , which is commonly termed beer in London .
Beer is a strong , fine and thin liquor ; the greater part of the mucilage having been separated by boiling the wort longer than for ale and carrying the fermentation farther , so as to convert the saccharine matter into alcohol .
Ale is of a more sirupy consistence , and sweeter taste ; more of the mucilage being retained in it , and the fermentation not having been carried so far as to decompose all the sugar . ”
Ure also quoted figures showing ale was stronger than porter , at about 7 or 8 per cent alcohol by volume , against five and a half per cent abv for so for porter : to quote Dr Lardner ’s Cabinet Cyclopedia from 1830 :
Ale is of a lighter colour ; it is stronger , sweeter and is less hopped than porter .
However , a new class of pale ale had appeared , and it contained plenty of hops .
Here is an extract from The Engineer ’s and Mechanic ’s Encyclopædia by Luke Hebert , published in 1836 :
“ In England two distinct sorts of beer are known , called ale , and porter , or beer , and of each sort there arc numerous varieties .
Although the difference in the flavour of ale and of porter is sufficiently marked , it is difficult to say in what way it is produced : that it is not altogether owing to pale malt being used for brewing ale , as some assert , is clear from the fact that in many parts of the country , ale is brewed from brown malt : neither is it owing to a larger quantity of hops being used in making porter , for the pale ale which is exported in large quantities from this country to India contains a larger proportion of hops than the porter exported to the same place ; neither will a difference in the proportions of the malt to the water account for it , since some ales are stronger and others weaker than porter . ”
The development of a well - hopped light - coloured malt liquor that went by the name pale ale was an important step in the merging of meaning for ale and beer .
By the 1850s , “ pale ale ” and “ bitter beer ” were true synonyms ( though , puzzlingly , mild ale evidently continued to be pale ) .
But another step was the disappearance of ale and beer brewing as operations conducted by different sets of firms .
The separation of ale brewers and beer brewers dates from the first arrival of hopped beer in England , and in London many brewers carried on being either ale specialists or beer specialists , even when ale started to contain hops .
The popularity of porter had meant that the biggest beer , or porter brewers had grown vastly larger than the biggest ale brewers .
Even as late as the second decade of the 19th century , the ale brewers and the porter , or beer brewers of London were carefully distinguished , as this ( fascinating ) table from the Edinburgh Review from 1813 shows .
This may be because the excise authorities , when calculating rebates on the malt tax , evidently measured the output of the porter brewers in the beer barrel , of 36 gallons , and the ale brewers ’ output in the ale barrel , of 32 gallons , sizes laid down in an Act of Parliament dating back to Henry VIII .
From the 1820s onwards ale – sweet London ale , sold unaged , or mild , not the well - hopped variety exported to India – finally began to grow in popularity relative to porter .
In 1833 , a brewer from Nine Elms , South London , Mr Farren , told a House of Commons select committee investigating the effects of the Beer House Act , introduced three years , that there had been a “ revolution ” in the trade generally , and that Barclay and Perkins , and the other great porter brewers , seeing porter consumption drop and ale consumption rise in its stead , “ have gone into the ale trade ; nearly all the new trade is composed of mild ale ” .
From this time , as the porter beer brewers began brewing mild ale to make up for falling sales of their previous pride and joy , the categorisation of London ’s biggest malt liquor makers into either porter brewers or ale brewers rapidly seems to disappear .
Within 50 years the defined difference between ale and beer had lost all reference to hop usage , as far as one authority was concerned .
When the first fascicle of the Oxford English Dictionary , covering A - Ant , came out in 1884 , it said under “ Ale ” :
at present ‘ beer ’ is in the trade the generic name for all malt liquors , ‘ ale ’ being specifically applied to the paler coloured kinds , the malt for which has not been roasted or burnt ; but the popular application of the two words varies in different localities .
a definition that was out of date within a couple of decades , when Thomas Wells Thorpe invented a new form of brown ale at Mann , Crossman and Paulin ’s brewery in the East End of London , containing roasted malt .
Despite Chapman maintaining the “ porter is beer , the rest is ale ” line in 1912 , ale , as a word , was already , to some , archaic .
H.W. Fowler , in his A Dictionary of Modern English Usage , first published in 1926 , claimed that using “ ale ” instead of “ beer ” was a “ genteelism ” .
But an echo of “ ale ” meaning a relatively unhopped brew lived on in London .
If you went into the public bar of a pub in working - class areas of the capital up until at least the early 1950s and asked for “ ale ” , what you would get would be a pint of mild : relatively sweet , relatively low in hops .
( And if you tried to tell a docker that by asking for “ ale ” he was guilty of a “ genteelism ” , you would probably shortly be picking your teeth up from the floor . )
Today “ ale ” , in British usage , covers mild and bitter ( and its offshoot , golden ale ) , and stronger brews such as old ale , and is used in contrast to lager , with both ale and lager being seen as subsets of the category “ beer ” .
I do n’t think most Britons would call stout an “ ale ” , just another type of “ beer ” , like lager .
I ’m not sure what they would categorise a barley wine as , or a porter .
The row over whether or not Kölsch , or Alt , should be called “ ales ” because , like British bitter beer , they use so - called “ top fermenting ” yeast would just bemuse them .
Personally , people who call Kölsch an ale irritate me , just as it irritates me to read people talking about “ porter ale ” , but I try to remember what James Sumner , another brewing historian , wisely says :
Such general terms as ale , porter etc … cannot by their nature have any solid ‘ correct ’ definition over all time and space , in spite of the efforts of various prescriptive authorities .
* edit : all right , “ some ” .
Submitted by Chris Martenson of Chris Martenson's Blog
After digging around and sifting through the things both said and not said , I have come to the conclusion that what we are seeing are the likely effects of a rescue operation .
By this I mean a large injection of stabilizing cash to one or more parties , possibly related to the recent large bankruptcies .
Two of my friends who have been actively trading for more than 20 years between them threw in the towel this week as their patterns and methods are no longer working .
Their conclusion is the same as mine ; this market is not trading like it used to .
It is trading chaotically , counter intuitively , and as if there 's some sort of distorting influence involved .
First we might just wonder if this is n't the impact of a rogue firm with entirely too much power moving the market for its own benefit .
When we examine the results of Goldman 's latest quarterly trading results , obviously we have a strong suspect .
Goldman Benefits from Trading Bonanza
Traders at Goldman Sachs recorded only one daily loss in the third quarter , highlighting the trading bonanza sweeping Wall Street as central banks continue to pump billions of dollars into the financial system .
The performance – revealed on Wednesday in a regulatory filing – compares with two losing trading days in the previous quarter and confirms that the authorities ’ drive to revive markets after the crisis is yielding huge windfalls for some banks .
Before the crisis , banks regularly recorded trading losses on several days in a quarter .
Goldman made more than $ 100 m in profits on 36 of the 65 days in the three months to September and recorded more than $ 50 m in profit on more than eight out of 10 trading days , the filing shows .
Only one day with trading losses out of the entire quarter ?
A 98.5 % win-rate ?
Sorry folks , this is so far beyond the realm of statistically possible that we must search for other reasons .
There can be no doubt that Goldman is enjoying an advantage not shared by the rest of the market .
Goldman is a company largely housed in a single glass building in Manhattan vacuuming up $ 100 million in profits on 36 out of 65 trading days .
$ 100 million is a lot of money .
It is equivalent to the total earnings of a very successful mid-sized company for an entire year .
One that might employ thousands of people .
But somehow we have a system where a few folks in a glass building are able to skim that amount day after day after day without anybody from any regulatory body even blinking .
Remember , in trading one person 's gain is another person 's losses .
It really strains every fiber in my being to imagine that Goldman 's services to this country are either that good , that fortuitous , or worth it .
Moving on to the markets , here 's what the market has done for the past week as traced by the S&P 500 futures ( which I like because it tells you what 's happening 24 hours a day , not just when the cash market is open ) :
We see the volatility as the market first surged on the GDP report and then slumped the day after .
Then there was a spike on the ISM ( mfg ) data that also gave up the gains shortly thereafter .
Then we had the FOMC follies where the market looked like an EKG of a heart attack victim for a while before finally slumping away all the day 's gains .
Today 's 200 point
Dow spree was said to be due to favorable unemployment data and excellent productivity gains but if you were watching the overnight futures you noticed that the lift - off actually began at 3:00 a.m .
As a trader , I am quite familiar with this pattern .
When large futures gains are recorded beginning at 3:00 you can nearly always count on those gains holding through the day .
Inquiring minds would like to know how the future traders seemingly know about the excellent economic news that has not yet been released .
Hello SEC ?
I have a job for you .
Regarding the excellent economic news today , I might note that the market never sells off on an unexpected rise in initial claims nor should it .
The data is noisy and not worth much week to week .
Further we might note that while the number was less than expected it was still over 500,000 ; a lousy result by any normal measure .
U.S. Economy : Worker Productivity Surges , Costs Drop ( Update1 )
Nov. 5 ( Bloomberg ) --
Worker productivity surged at the fastest pace in six years , labor costs fell and unemployment claims were lower than forecast , signaling companies may be preparing to start hiring again after cutting costs to the bone .
When looking through this data we might note a powerful contradiction in the logic .
Why should companies that have just secured a gigantic gain in productivity seek to hire anybody ?
I mean if they 're any good a company that has managed to become more efficient and lean is not about to go out and hire anybody just because .
I should point out that the productivity measure is the worst of the worst in terms of usefulness or reliability .
I hate how it is constructed .
Some of my disdain is probably a holdover from all the years I had to listen to Alan Greenspan trumpet it to rationalize his reckless loose money policies .
I thought it was bunk then and I do now .
If you want any further proof that this measure is junk , look at what was reported :
Productivity , a measure of employee output per hour , jumped at a 9.5 percent annual rate in the third quarter , exceeding the highest economist forecast , according to Labor Department figures released today in Washington
That 's just ridiculous .
At that rate we 'd need half the workers to accomplish just as much in only ~ 7 years .
It 's silly and instead of spending any time wondering at it we should instead immediately suspect that it is flawed .
Next , labor costs going down is a bad thing if you are depending on consumers coming back to the shopping malls .
Lower labor costs means less money going to workers .
That 's not a good sign at this point .
So at this point I really have no solid explanation for what I am seeing in the market besides noting that a lot of liquidity is hitting the tape .
Gold remains over $ 1090 and the dollar is languishing about at ~ 76 , bonds went nowhere today despite a powerful stock market rally .
All in all this adds up to liquidity and lots of it .
This is one reason that I am not a deflationist yet .
While I have complete intellectual sympathy for the deflation argument as that is what should be happening , I am not yet seeing it in the financial markets .
Instead I am seeing what I presume to be behind - the - scenes injections of liquidity into the markets .
I have read numerous statements of fact from deflationists that are actually beliefs that really need to be carefully examined .
One is " the markets are larger than the central banks . "
I used to believe this too , but now I am less certain .
Thinking back , I recall that the Soviet machine was bigger than the market because it was the market .
It turned out not to be larger than reality , but that 's a different story .
The Soviets simply dictated everything from prices to false production figures until the system collapsed .
The tools of persuasion and market interference at the employ of modern central banks are far more sophisticated than anything the Soviets ever dreamt of .
Are the markets larger than the banks ?
I 'd like to think so , but I am growing more and more confident that the answer is " no " and that the distorting effects of untold trillions of fiat money can elevate prices for long enough to change people 's minds .
I happen to think that reality is larger than our central banks but that too is a story for another day .
You can review that thesis by re-reading the paired reports on oil that came out in April 2009 .
Again , I just want to caution you to be ready for any outcome .
I am open to the possibility of an immediate return of crushing deflation and I am also open to the possibility that the gigantic wall of fiat money will over - ride the deflationary impulses and whisk us into a fast date with high inflation .
Right now the data says that the money masters are winning the battle against deflation .
And not without help from the media - I am simply stunned that Capmark and CIT went belly up and I could n't find a single article about either today in a major news outlet .
It is as if they never happened at all .
Sometimes what is not said is just as important as what is said .
This is , without a doubt , one of the most perplexing moments for those interested in wealth preservation .
Take care .
Military Power : Reach ( excerpt from CAA FACTBOOK [ l.update 1.5.2550 ] ) Military Power : Reach ( excerpt from CAA FACTBOOK [ l.update 1.5.2550 ] )
Total Available Military Manpower : 385,421,100
Total Land Assets : 58,430
Total Naval Assets : 1,209 ( T ) ; 75 ( X )
Total Air Assets : 11,050
Serviceable Airports : 1,246
Defense Budget : cR. 38,287,000,000 [ 2548 ]
While Earth is rightly seen as the UNSC 's commercial , political , and cultural center ; Reach is undeniably the hub of its military power .
The ε Eridani fleet is a full strength Carrier Group with the supercarrier UNSC Trafalgar at its core .
The planet itself has a semi-mobile array of 20 Orbital Defense Platforms , and they are in turn defended by multiple wings of single ships and tactical multi-role craft .
Music changes as time passes by .
Despite the wide variety of different music genres , adults would have probably noticed the changes in music styles from the past to the present .
Some adults enjoy music from the past , which what they listened to when they were younger and are not very interested in modern songs .
They enjoy old songs as they often have more meaningful lyrics to them and also bring back fond memories of the past .
The genres of songs from yesteryears are much more limited compared with those found today .
Today ’s songs are made up of various genres , some of which were unheard of in the past such as hip hop , rap and scream .
Music has not only evolved but also grown in variety .
Most of the older songs are much more meaningful compared with the current ones in term of lyrics .
Newer ones are geared more towards modern sound and dance , and have faster beats .
Music both old and new should be equally appreciated .
It keeps the world alive .
Like many people say , “ No music , no life . ”
Now , please do enjoy the beauty of music past and present , surprisingly without any sound !
10 Music Designs from the Past …
10 Music Designs to the Future …
Category : Arts and Culture , Entertainment , Featured
Temps de lecture : 5 min
Je vais recevoir quelques amis la semaine prochaine ; j'ai prévu à la fois de la bière et du vin pour le diner .
Une question m'est donc venue : de ces deux breuvages , lequel a la plus faible empreinte écologique ?
La bière doit être réfrigérée , ce qui demande de l'énergie ; de son côté , le vin est expédié en bouteilles , ce qui est loin d'être écologique ...
Il est difficile d'offrir une réponse simple à une telle question , parce qu'un bon nombre de facteurs entrent en ligne de compte : où le breuvage a - t - il été élaboré ?
Quel est son contenant est comment celui- ci vous est-il parvenu ?
Comment a - t - il été entreposé par le revendeur ?
Le fait de prendre en compte toutes ces variables peut donner le tournis , mais les travaux de recherche les plus fiables montrent qu'il n'est pas nécessaire d'analyser chaque petit détail .
En 2007 , un analyste travaillant pour le « Food Climate Research Network » ( réseau de recherche établi au Royaume - Uni ) a essayé de comptabiliser les émissions de CO 2 liées à la consommation d'alcool dans le pays .
Trois breuvages ont été pris en compte ( bière , vin , spiritueux ) , mais l'étude n'a pas relevé de différences notables entre eux quant à l'intensité des gaz à effet de serre .
Les émissions générées par le vin étaient « légèrement moins importantes » que celles engendrées par la bière , même si l'auteur souligne que les différences infimes relevées ( environ 10 grammes d'équivalent de CO 2 par unité d'alcool ) étaient situées dans la marge d'erreur de l'étude .
( Une unité d'alcool correspond à peu près à 10 grammes d'alcool pur , soit un demi de bière ou un demi-verre de vin blanc ) .
Voilà pour nos amis de l'autre côté de l'Atlantique .
Mais on ne boit pas de la même manière au Royaume - Uni et aux Etats - Unis !
Les buveurs de bière britanniques , par exemple , consomment presque exclusivement dans les pubs , tandis que les Américains préfèrent déguster ce breuvage chez eux .
Quant au vin , la plupart de leurs crus sont importés ( et la moitié des bouteilles sont acheminées par voie maritime ) ; en Amérique , en revanche , environ deux tiers des vins consommés sont produits sur le territoire national , en Californie pour la plupart .
Mais tant qu'il n'existera pas d'étude approfondie des liens qu'entretiennent alcools et environnement aux Etats - Unis , il faudra s'en tenir aux données britanniques .
Et selon l'analyste du Royaume - Uni , les trois catégories d'alcools sont à égalité au regard de l'écologie : inutile de changer de breuvage , donc .
Optez simplement pour la marque , l'emballage et les modes de transports les plus écolos .
Venons - en à la bière .
De la canette et de la bouteille , quel emballage est le plus vert ?
Slate s'était déjà prononcé sur le sujet : si votre blonde préférée est brassée près de chez vous et que votre ville dispose d'un bon système de tri sélectif des déchets , optez pour le verre ; si elle vient de loin , autant choisir l'aluminium .
Un demi pression sera toujours l'option la plus écologique .
D'autres paramètres peuvent être pris en compte , comme le prouve une récente analyse de l'empreinte écologique de la bière « Fat Tire » .
Selon ses auteurs , la production et le mélange des ingrédients ( malt , houblon , eau , bulles de CO 2 pétillantes ) génèrent 678 grammes d'équivalent de CO 2 , soit environ 21 % de l'empreinte totale d'un pack de six bouteilles .
Une bonne partie de ce poids ( 244 grammes ) vient des engrais synthétiques servant à faire pousser l'orge et des émissions en provenant ; les auteurs de l'étude pensent donc que le fait de passer à l'orge bio aurait des répercussions positives sur l'empreinte écologique de cette bière .
( Attention , cependant : le fait de prendre votre voiture pour trouver une marque rare et écolo loin de chez vous réduirait à néant tous les efforts déployés par le producteur ... )
Au Danemark , une société élabore des bières à l'orge non maltée , ce qui diminue selon eux de 8 % leurs émissions de gaz à effet de serre .
La réfrigération , dans les magasins et au domicile des consommateurs , représente un autre tiers de l'empreinte de la « Fat Tire » .
Toutes choses égales par ailleurs , l'empreinte écologique des bières ne nécessitant pas de réfrigération ( comme les « strong beers » et les « standard ales » ) devraient donc être plus réduite que celle des bières légères , qui doivent rester au réfrigérateur .
Mais assez parlé de bière : comment savoir quels sont les Chardonnays et les Merlots les plus écolos ?
Tout d'abord , renseignez - vous sur la mise en bouteille .
Les œnophiles se bagarrent toujours pour déterminer lequel du bouchon en liège , du bouchon en liège synthétique ou du bouchon à vis en aluminium préserve le mieux le breuvage , mais pour ce qui est de l'écologie , le « World Wildlife Fund » conseille aux consommateurs d'opter pour les bouchons naturels : l'investissement commercial contribuerait selon lui à protéger les forêts menacées ainsi que leurs écosystèmes .
( Inutile d'abattre des arbres pour récolter le liège ; il suffit d'enlever les premières couches d'écorce ) .
La fabrication des bouchons en liège demande sans doute moins d'énergie que celle des bouchons en plastique ou en métal .
Les « food miles » , ou « kilomètres alimentaires » , sont des facteurs encore plus importants : les bouteilles de vin sont lourdes ( elles représentent entre un quart et la moitié du poids d'une caisse ) et peuvent parcourir un bon nombre de kilomètre depuis leur vignoble jusqu'à votre salle à manger .
L'étude britannique estime qu'environ 35 % des émissions du vin sont générées par le processus de distribution .
Mais la distance n'est qu'une partie de l'équation : le mode de transport importe , lui aussi .
C'est la thèse défendue par une étude récente , menée par l'œnologue Tyler Colman et l'ingénieur en développement durable Pablo Päster .
Ces deux experts ont fait sensation en proposant de couper l'Amérique en deux .
Leur concept : une « ligne verte » , barrant le pays à la verticale au niveau du Kansas .
Le principe : toute personne habitant à l'est de cette ligne ferait mieux d'acheter du vin venant de Bordeaux , acheminé en bateau depuis la France puis en camion sur le sol américain , plutôt que d'acheter du vin venant de Napa ( Californie ) .
En effet , le bateau est généralement considéré comme étant un mode de transport plus écologique , ce qui compense la longueur des voyages .
De la même manière , privilégier le train aux camions repousserait la « ligne verte » vers l'est .
( L'étude de Colman et Päster ne s'intéresse qu'à l'impact que peut avoir le mode de transport ; elle ne prend pas en compte les différences régionales en matière de viniculture ou les mesures d'efficacité des vignobles ) .
L'une des façons les plus simples et concrètes de préserver la planète serait d'acheter du vin dont l'emballage serait plus léger et plus grand , quelle que soit son lieu d'origine .
Quelques vignerons expédient leurs vins dans des conteneurs , rapprochant ainsi le lieu de mise en bouteille du lieu de consommation .
D'autres réduisent la quantité de verre dans les bouteilles : une pratique appelée « lightweighting » ( « allégement » ) .
Les emballages Tetra Pak ( en plastique ) et ceux en cartons et en métal pour la soupe ou le lait de soja sont plus écolos , parce qu'il faut moins d'énergie pour les fabriquer et les expédier ( reste qu'ils sont un peu plus difficiles à recycler ) .
Enfin , il y a les fameux BIB ( « bag - in - box » ) , emballages en carton contenant une poche en plastique faisant barrière à l'oxygène .
Aussi écolos que les Tetra Pak ; de plus , le carton peut être recyclé .
( Le plastique , en revanche , est probablement condamné à l'enfouissement ... )
Mieux : une fois que la boite est ouverte , le vin peut être conservé bien plus longtemps qu'en bouteille .
Les bouteilles en verre ont plus de style , mais les BIB sont plus écologiques : alors , si vous voulez boire tout en préservant la planète , ravalez votre fierté ... et optez pour le carton .
Nina Shen Rastogi
Traduit par Jean - Clément Nau
Image de Une : Bouteilles de Cremant d'Alsace Vincent Kessler / Reuter
A South Carolina political consultant for Republican politicians has been arrested for trespassing after attempting to crash a rival politician ’s campaign party .
Mike Green , who drew attention to himself earlier this year when he sent out an off - color joke about President Obama on his Twitter account , was arrested Monday night after allegedly refusing to leave a campaign event for Mark McBride , who had been running for mayor of Myrtle Beach against incumbent John Rhodes , who had hired Green ’s company , Starboard Communications , for the campaign .
ADVERTISEMENT
According to the Palmetto Scoop , “ Green was reportedly arrested after trying to enter the Crocodile Rocks bar , where McBride was holding a private campaign party .
The bar owner told Green to leave and an altercation ensued . ”
The Scoop described Green ’s action as “ campaign dirty tricks , ” noting that “ Green told police the firm ‘ pays him to cause problems for the opposing side , which is Mark McBride ’s campaign . ' ”
On Tuesday , Rhodes won the runoff election against McBride .
Rhodes had come within 155 votes of victory on election night , but the election was moved to a runoff because neither candidate received 50 percent of the vote , reports South Carolina news blog FitsNews .
In June , Green attracted unwanted attention to himself after sending out a Twitter message that read : “ Just heard Obama is going to impose a 40 % tax on Aspirin because it ’s white and it works . ”
Green quickly retracted the Twitter posting , and apologized for his comments , noted TalkingPointsMemo .
But US House Rep. Gresham Barrett ( R - SC ) distanced himself from Green ’s comments .
Barrett is planning a run for South Carolina governor in 2010 , and has hired Green ’s firm to work on the campaign .
ADVERTISEMENT
Starboard Communications ’
Web site lists
Green as the company ’s “ operations manager . ”
The Palmetto Scoop points to what it suggests may be a pattern of attempted disruptions of McBride campaign events by Green ahead of his trespassing arrest :
The incident came less than 48 hours after police were called to another Myrtle Beach establishment The Myrtle Beach Sun News reported Saturday that Green showed up at The Fish House where McBride was meeting with restaurant owner Bill Howard .
Green walked in with a video camera and began saying some “ pretty brutal stuff , ” according to Howard .
Green was asked to leave , and that time he did .
ADVERTISEMENT
But other news sources dispute the claim that Green was involved in an “ altercation ” at all .
“ Witnesses claim that Green merely waved through a window at the McBride party – but a police report obtained by WMBF News references an “ altercation ” occurring in front of the restaurant , Crocodile Rocks , ” writes FitsNews .
The blog also reported that “ sources close to Green ” deny he ever told the police that his firm “ pays him to cause problems for the other side . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Green is the founder of SCHotline , a news aggregator that focuses on South Carolina issues .
A biography he posted online states that he has worked on numerous campaigns for Republican politicians , including a run for president by former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney .
Workers voted unanimously to continue strike action indefinitely Refuse and street cleaning workers have marched through Leeds on the fourth day of strike action over a dispute about a new pay and grading system .
The GMB and Unison unions are unhappy with what they say are proposals by the authority to cut their pay by up to £ 6,000 a year from February 2011 .
Workers joined a rally ahead of a meeting where they voted unanimously to continue strike action indefinitely .
The council has said it is willing to talk if they end the strike .
Desiree Risebury , from the GMB , said : " What I would ask the public and the citizens to do is sit back and think : ' What if my employer came to me and said they were going to cut a third of my wage ?
The only way to resolve the issue of refuse worker pay is for the unions to return to the table
Council leader Richard Brett " How would I react ?
How would I pay the bills ?
How would I pay the mortgage ? ' "
The industrial strike relates to equal pay measures which the council is obliged to adopt , along with other local authorities .
Council leader Richard Brett said equal pay job evaluations found some refuse staff were paid more than their positions had been graded at .
In a statement on its website , the authority said it would cost £ 45 m a year to " level up " salaries , so that no - one suffered wage cuts .
The council said this would have a " massive impact " on council services , could lead to thousands of job losses , and was " not an option " .
Mr Brett said : " I maintain that the only way to resolve the issue of refuse worker pay is for the unions to return to the table . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Every high school biology student learns the basics of how genes are expressed : DNA , the cell ’s master information keeper , is copied into messenger RNA , which carries protein - building instructions to the ribosome , the part of the cell where proteins are assembled .
But it turns out the picture is far more complicated than that .
In recent years , biologists have discovered a myriad of other molecules that fine - tune this process , including several types of RNA ( ribonucleic acid ) .
Through a naturally occurring phenomenon known as RNA interference , short strands of RNA can selectively intercept and destroy messenger RNA before it delivers its instructions .
Scientists are now pursuing disease treatments based on RNA interference ( RNAi ) , which offers the tantalizing ability to shut down any gene in the body .
“ With RNAi , we have the possibility to design small RNA that matches any gene , or any part of that gene , and silence it .
Then we can ask what is the potential benefit of silencing that gene in the disease process , ” says MIT Institute Professor Phillip Sharp , whose lab is pursuing such studies .
In 2006 , the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine was awarded to two scientists , including Andrew Fire , who earned his MIT PhD in 1983 under Sharp ’s supervision , for the discovery of RNA interference .
Fire and Craig Mello showed in 1998 that when short , double - stranded RNA molecules with sequences complementary to a specific messenger RNA were injected into the worm C. elegans , production of the protein encoded by that messenger RNA was halted .
Here ’s how it works : Double - stranded RNA molecules called siRNA ( short interfering RNA ) bind to complementary messenger RNA , then enlist the help of proteins , the RNA - induced silencing complex .
Those proteins cleave the chemical bonds holding messenger RNA together and prevent it from delivering its protein - building instructions .
This mechanism occurs naturally and may have evolved to give cells additional control over gene expression , particularly during embryonic development .
It may also serve as a defense mechanism against viruses that try to insert their genetic material into cells .
RNA interference can also be mediated by microRNA , which is a short , single - stranded RNA molecule .
RNA interference has been observed in a wide range of species , including plants , bacteria and fruit flies as well as humans .
Scientists have shown that synthetic siRNA injected into human cells in the lab can successfully shut off genes , raising hopes that diseases such as cancer , cystic fibrosis , Huntington ’s disease and others caused by malfunctioning genes could be treated with RNA interference .
Before such therapies can become useful , scientists must figure out how to efficiently deliver small RNA molecules into target cells .
Sharp and others at MIT , including Institute Professor Robert Langer and research scientist Daniel Anderson , are working on a delivery method that packages RNA inside a layer of fat - like molecules called lipidoids , which can cross cells ’ fatty outer membrane .
They have used the lipidoids to successfully deliver RNA to liver and lung cells in mice and monkeys , and hope to begin clinical trials within the next two years .
Sharp is also working with Sangeeta Bhatia , professor in the Harvard - MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology , on better ways to target the RNA - carrying nanoparticles to specific cells , such as tumor cells .
There is a long way to go , says Sharp , but the potential of RNA interference is very large .
“ The discovery of RNA interference opened our eyes to a whole new aspect of biomedical science and biology that we just had never been aware of . ”
Nokia is being investigated by Nintendo for allegedly promoting it ’s new N900 smartphone by showing off emulated Nintendo games being played on it .
The video , released on Nokia Conversations blog , clearly promotes NES , SNES , GBA , Game Boy and other emulators at play .
This does not seem to be a smart move from Nokia , who have previously struggled in the handheld gaming market ( N - GAGE ) and could now be facing legal action from Nintendo .
Most publisher are very particular about protecting their original IP ’s , since there ’s no way to buy a licensed version of such a game for the device , Nokia could be walking on thin ice on this one .
Edge - online contacted Nintendo UK PR manager Robert Saunders who said that the company was unaware of Nokia ’s apparent move , but also said , “ We take rigorous steps to protect our IP and our legal team will examine this to determine if any infringement has taken place . ”
RC plane flight over the US Space and Rocket Center in Huntsville , AL .
I flew around the Saturn V , Saturn I , and the Space Shot ride .
On the east side is the OV - 098 Space Shuttle Orbiter Pathfinder .
At the front door of the museum is a Lockheed A - 12 Oxcart .
All Source For Matrix Multiplication
matrix.awka
# $ Id : matrix.gawk , v 1.1 2001/05/20 06:59:20 doug Exp $ # http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/ function mkmatrix ( mx , rows , cols ) { count = 1 ; for ( i=0 ; i<rows ; i++) { for ( j=0 ; j< cols ; j++ ) { mx[ i , j ] = count ++ ; } } } function mmult ( rows , cols , m1 , m2 , m3 ) { for ( i=0 ; i<rows ; i++) { for ( j=0 ; j< cols ; j++ ) { val = 0 ; for ( k=0 ; k< cols ; k++ ) { val += m1 [ i , k ] * m 2 [ k , j ] ; } m3 [ i , j ] = val ; } } } BEGIN { n = ( ARGV [ 1 ] < 1 ) ? 1 : ARGV [ 1 ] ; size = 30 ; m1 [ 0,0 ] = 0 ; m2 [ 0,0 ] = 0 ; mkmatrix ( m1 , size , size ) ; mkmatrix ( m2 , size , size ) ; mm [ 0,0 ] = 0 ; for ( l=0 ; l< n ; l ++ ) { mmult ( size , size , m1 , m2 , mm ) ; } printf ( " %d %d %d %d
" , mm [ 0,0 ] , mm [ 2,3 ] , mm [ 3,2 ] , mm [ 4,4 ] ) ; exit ; }
matrix.bcc
/* -*- mode : c -*- * $ Id : matrix.gcc , v 1.6 2001/03/31 15:52:48 doug Exp $ * http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/
*/ #include < stdio.h > # include < stdlib.h > # define SIZE 30 int ** mkmatrix ( int rows , int cols ) { int i , j , count = 1 ; int **m = ( int **) malloc ( rows * sizeof ( int * ) ) ; for ( i=0 ; i<rows ; i++) { m[ i ] = ( int *) malloc ( cols * sizeof ( int ) ) ; for ( j=0 ; j< cols ; j++ ) { m [ i ] [ j ] = count ++ ; } } return ( m ) ; } void zeromatrix ( int rows , int cols , int **m ) { int i , j ; for ( i=0 ; i<rows ; i++ ) for ( j=0 ; j< cols ; j++ ) m[ i ] [ j ] = 0 ; } void freematrix ( int rows , int **m ) { while ( - - rows > - 1 ) { free ( m[ rows ] ) ; } free( m ) ; } int ** mmult ( int rows , int cols , int ** m1 , int ** m2 , int ** m3 ) { int i , j , k , val ; for ( i=0 ; i<rows ; i++ ) { for ( j=0 ; j< cols ; j++ ) { val = 0 ; for ( k=0 ; k< cols ; k++ ) { val += m 1 [ i ] [ k ] * m 2 [ k ] [j ] ; } m3 [ i ] [ j ] = val ; } } return ( m3 ) ; } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { int i , n = ( ( argc == 2 ) ? atoi( argv [ 1 ] ) : 1 ) ; int ** m1 = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; int ** m2 = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; int ** mm = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; for ( i=0 ; i< n ; i++ ) { mm = mmult ( SIZE , SIZE , m1 , m2 , mm ) ; } printf ( " %d %d %d %d
" , mm [ 0 ] [ 0 ] , mm [ 2 ] [ 3 ] , mm [ 3 ] [ 2 ] , mm [ 4 ] [ 4 ] ) ; freematrix ( SIZE , m1 ) ; freematrix ( SIZE , m2 ) ; freematrix ( SIZE , mm ) ; return ( 0 ) ; }
matrix.csharp
// $ Id : matrix.csharp , v 1.0 2002/05/09 12:45:00 dada Exp $ // http://dada.perl.it/shootout/ using System ; class App { static int SIZE = 30 ; public static int [ , ] mkmatrix ( int rows , int cols ) { int count = 1 ; int [ , ] m = new int [ rows , cols ] ; for ( int i=0 ; i<rows ; i++) { for ( int j=0 ; j<cols ; j++ ) { m[i , j ] = count ++ ; } } return ( m ) ; } public static void mmult ( int rows , int cols , int [ , ] m1 , int [ , ] m2 , int [ , ] m3 ) { for ( int i=0 ; i<rows ; i++) { for ( int j=0 ; j<cols ; j++ ) { int val = 0 ; for ( int k=0 ; k< cols ; k++ ) { val += m1 [ i , k ] * m 2 [ k , j ] ; } m3 [ i , j ] = val ; } } } public static int Main ( String [ ] args ) { int n ; int [ , ] m1 = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; int [ , ] m2 = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; int [ , ] mm = new int [ SIZE , SIZE ] ; n = System . Convert . ToInt32( args [ 0 ] ) ; if ( n < 1 ) n = 1 ; for ( int i=0 ; i< n ; i++ ) { mmult ( SIZE , SIZE , m1 , m2 , mm ) ; } Console .
WriteLine ( mm [ 0,0 ] .
ToString ( ) + " " + mm [ 2,3 ] . ToString ( ) + " " + mm [ 3,2 ] . ToString ( ) + " " + mm [ 4,4 ] . ToString ( ) ) ; return ( 0 ) ; } }
matrix.cygperl
#!/usr/local/bin/perl
# $ Id : matrix.perl , v 1.1 2000/12/29 06:10:10 doug Exp $ # http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/
#
This program based on the original from : # " The What , Why , Who , and Where of Python " By Aaron R. Watters # http://www.networkcomputing.com/unixworld/tutorial/005/005.html
# modified to pass rows and cols , and avoid matrix size checks #
I 've sped up the original quite a bit by removing some loop # invariants and declaring " use integer " use strict ; use integer ; my $ size = 30 ; sub mkmatrix { my ( $rows , $ cols ) = @_ ; -- $rows ; -- $ cols ; my $ count = 1 ; my @mx = ( ) ; foreach ( 0 .. $ rows ) { my @row = ( ) ; $ row [ $ _ ] = $ count ++ foreach ( 0 .. $ cols ) ; push ( @mx , \@row ) ; } return ( \@mx ) ; } sub mmult { my ( $rows , $ cols , $ m1 , $ m2 ) = @_ ; my @m3 = ( ) ; -- $rows ; -- $ cols ; for my $ i ( 0 .. $ rows ) { my @row = ( ) ; my $ m1 i = $ m1 - > [ $ i ] ; for my $j ( 0 .. $ cols ) { my $ val = 0 ; for my $k ( 0 .. $ cols ) { $ val += $ m1 i -> [ $ k ] * $ m2 ->[ $ k ] ->[ $j ] ; } push ( @row , $ val ) ; } push ( @m3 , \@row ) ; } return ( \@m3 ) ; } my $ N = $ ARGV [ 0 ] || 1 ; my $ m1 = mkmatrix ( $ size , $ size ) ; my $ m2 = mkmatrix ( $ size , $ size ) ; my $ mm ; while ( $ N --) { $ mm = mmult ( $ size , $ size , $ m1 , $ m2 ) ; } print " $ mm - > [ 0 ] ->[ 0 ] $ mm - > [ 2 ] ->[ 3 ] $ mm - > [ 3 ] -> [ 2 ] $ mm - > [ 4 ] -> [ 4 ]
" ;
matrix.delphi
program matrix ; const SIZE = 30 ; type TMatrix = array [ 0.. SIZE - 1 , 0.. SIZE - 1 ] of integer ; procedure mkmatrix ( rows , cols : integer ; var mx : TMatrix ) ; var R , C , count : integer ; begin Dec ( rows ) ; Dec ( cols ) ; count : =1 ; for R:=0 to rows do for C:=0 to cols do begin mx [ R , C ] := count ; Inc ( count ) ; end ; end ; procedure mmult ( rows , cols : integer ; const m1 , m2 : TMatrix ; var mm : TMatrix ) ; var i , j , k , val : integer ; begin Dec ( rows ) ; Dec ( cols ) ; for i:=0 to rows do for j:=0 to cols do begin val : =0 ; for k:=0 to cols do Inc ( val , m 1 [ i , k ] * m2 [ k , j ] ) ; mm[i , j ] := val ; end ; end ; var NUM , code , i : integer ; M1 , M2 , MM : TMatrix ; begin NUM : =1 ; if ParamCount=1 then Val ( ParamStr ( 1 ) , NUM , code ) ; mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE , M1 ) ; mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE , M2 ) ; for i:=0 to NUM do mmult ( size , size , M1 , M2 , MM ) ; WriteLn ( MM [ 0 , 0 ] , ' ' , MM [ 2 , 3 ] , ' ' , MM [ 3 , 2 ] , ' ' , MM [ 4 , 4 ] ) ; end .
matrix.erlang
%% Does n't check matrix sizes match but % % not restricted to square matrices . %% %%
Represent matrix as tuple of tuples . %%
Does n't use destructive assignment so building a % % matrix creates an awful lot of temporary lists .
%% %%
Usage : start from command line with % % erlc multiply.erl % % erl - noinput -s multiply main 1 - module ( matrix ) .
- export ( [ main /1 ] ) .
- import ( lists , [ reverse /1 ] ) .
sumprod ( 0 , _ , _ , Sum , _ , _ ) ->
Sum ; sumprod( I , C , R , Sum , M1 , M2 ) -> NewSum = Sum + ( element ( I , element ( R, M1 ) ) * element ( C, element ( I , M2 ) ) ) , sumprod( I - 1 , C , R , NewSum , M1 , M2 ) .
rowmult (_ , 0 , _ , L , _ , _ ) -> list_to_tuple( L ) ; rowmult ( I , C , R , L , M1 , M2 ) -> SumProd = sumprod( I , C , R , 0 , M1 , M2 ) , rowmult ( I , C - 1 , R , [ SumProd|L ] , M1 , M2 ) .
mmult(_ , _ , 0 , MM , _ , _ ) -> list_to_tuple ( MM ) ; mmult ( I , C , R , MM , M1 , M2 ) -> NewRow = rowmult ( I , C , R , [ ] , M1 , M2 ) , mmult ( I , C , R - 1 , [ NewRow|MM ] , M1 , M2 ) .
mmult ( M1 , M2 ) -> Inner = size ( M2 ) , % could optimize more by hardcoding the sizes NRows = size ( M1 ) , mmult ( Inner , NRows , NRows , [ ] , M1 , M2 ) .
repeatmmult ( 1 , M1 , M2 ) -> mmult ( M1 , M2 ) ; repeatmmult ( NTimes , M1 , M2 ) -> mmult ( M1 , M2 ) , repeatmmult ( NTimes - 1 , M1 , M2 ) .
mkrow( 0 , L , Count ) -> { list_to_tuple( reverse( L ) ) , Count} ; mkrow ( N , L , Count ) -> mkrow ( N - 1 , [ Count|L ] , Count +1 ) .
mkmatrix ( 0 , _ , _ , M ) -> list_to_tuple ( reverse( M ) ) ; mkmatrix ( NR , NC , Count , M ) -> { Row , NewCount} = mkrow ( NC , [ ] , Count ) , mkmatrix ( NR - 1 , NC , NewCount , [ Row|M ] ) .
mkmatrix ( NR , NC ) -> mkmatrix ( NR , NC , 1 , [ ] ) . main ( [ Arg ] ) -> NTimes = list_to_integer ( atom_to_list ( Arg ) ) , Size = 30 , M1 = mkmatrix ( Size , Size ) , M2 = mkmatrix ( Size , Size ) , MM = repeatmmult ( NTimes , M1 , M2 ) , Val1 = element ( 1, element ( 1 , MM ) ) , Val2 = element ( 4, element ( 3 , MM ) ) , % get col 4 out of row 3 Val3 = element ( 3, element ( 4 , MM ) ) , % get col 3 out of row 4 Val4 = element ( 5 , element ( 5 , MM ) ) , io : fwrite ( " ~w ~w ~w ~w~n " , [ Val1 , Val2 , Val3 , Val4 ] ) , halt ( 0 ) .
matrix.fpascal
program matrix ; uses SysUtils ; const size = 30 ; type tMatrix = array [ 0..size , 0..size ] of longint ; procedure mkmatrix ( rows , cols : integer ; var mx : tMatrix ) ; var R , C : integer ; count : longint ; begin Dec ( rows ) ; Dec ( cols ) ; count := 1 ; for R := 0 to rows do begin for C := 0 to cols do begin mx [ R , C ] := count ; Inc ( count ) ; end ; end ; End ; procedure mmult ( rows , cols : integer ; m1 , m2 : tMatrix ; var mm : tMatrix ) ; var i , j , k : integer ; val : longint ; begin Dec ( rows ) ; Dec ( cols ) ; For i := 0
To rows do begin For j := 0
To cols do begin val := 0 ; For k := 0
To cols do begin Inc ( val , m1 [ i , k ] * m 2 [ k , j ] ) ; end ; mm[i , j ] := val ; end ; end ; End ; var NUM , I : integer ; M1 , M2 , MM : tMatrix ; begin if ParamCount = 0 then NUM := 1 else NUM := StrToInt ( ParamStr( 1 ) ) ; if NUM < 1 then NUM := 1 ; mkmatrix ( size , size , M1 ) ; mkmatrix ( size , size , M2 ) ; for I := 0 To NUM do begin mmult ( size , size , M1 , M2 , MM ) ; end ; WriteLn ( IntToStr ( MM[ 0 , 0 ] ) + ' ' + IntToStr ( MM [ 2 , 3 ] ) + ' ' + IntToStr ( MM [ 3 , 2 ] ) + ' ' + IntToStr ( MM [ 4 , 4 ] ) ) ; end .
matrix.gawk
# $ Id : matrix.gawk , v 1.1 2001/05/20 06:59:20 doug Exp $ # http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/ function mkmatrix ( mx , rows , cols ) { count = 1 ; for ( i=0 ; i<rows ; i++) { for ( j=0 ; j< cols ; j++ ) { mx[ i , j ] = count ++ ; } } } function mmult ( rows , cols , m1 , m2 , m3 ) { for ( i=0 ; i<rows ; i++) { for ( j=0 ; j< cols ; j++ ) { val = 0 ; for ( k=0 ; k< cols ; k++ ) { val += m1 [ i , k ] * m 2 [ k , j ] ; } m3 [ i , j ] = val ; } } } BEGIN { n = ( ARGV [ 1 ] < 1 ) ? 1 : ARGV [ 1 ] ; size = 30 ; m1 [ 0,0 ] = 0 ; m2 [ 0,0 ] = 0 ; mkmatrix ( m1 , size , size ) ; mkmatrix ( m2 , size , size ) ; mm [ 0,0 ] = 0 ; for ( l=0 ; l< n ; l ++ ) { mmult ( size , size , m1 , m2 , mm ) ; } printf ( " %d %d %d %d
" , mm [ 0,0 ] , mm [ 2,3 ] , mm [ 3,2 ] , mm [ 4,4 ] ) ; exit ; }
matrix.gcc
/* -*- mode : c -*- * $ Id : matrix.gcc , v 1.6 2001/03/31 15:52:48 doug Exp $ * http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/
*/ #include < stdio.h > # include < stdlib.h > # include < unistd.h > # define SIZE 30 int ** mkmatrix ( int rows , int cols ) { int i , j , count = 1 ; int **m = ( int **) malloc ( rows * sizeof ( int * ) ) ; for ( i=0 ; i<rows ; i++) { m[ i ] = ( int *) malloc ( cols * sizeof ( int ) ) ; for ( j=0 ; j< cols ; j++ ) { m [ i ] [ j ] = count ++ ; } } return ( m ) ; } void zeromatrix ( int rows , int cols , int **m ) { int i , j ; for ( i=0 ; i<rows ; i++ ) for ( j=0 ; j< cols ; j++ ) m[ i ] [ j ] = 0 ; } void freematrix ( int rows , int **m ) { while ( - - rows > - 1 ) { free ( m[ rows ] ) ; } free( m ) ; } int ** mmult ( int rows , int cols , int ** m1 , int ** m2 , int ** m3 ) { int i , j , k , val ; for ( i=0 ; i<rows ; i++ ) { for ( j=0 ; j< cols ; j++ ) { val = 0 ; for ( k=0 ; k< cols ; k++ ) { val += m 1 [ i ] [ k ] * m 2 [ k ] [j ] ; } m3 [ i ] [ j ] = val ; } } return ( m3 ) ; } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { int i , n = ( ( argc == 2 ) ? atoi( argv [ 1 ] ) : 1 ) ; int ** m1 = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; int ** m2 = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; int ** mm = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; for ( i=0 ; i< n ; i++ ) { mm = mmult ( SIZE , SIZE , m1 , m2 , mm ) ; } printf ( " %d %d %d %d
" , mm [ 0 ] [ 0 ] , mm [ 2 ] [ 3 ] , mm [ 3 ] [ 2 ] , mm [ 4 ] [ 4 ] ) ; freematrix ( SIZE , m1 ) ; freematrix ( SIZE , m2 ) ; freematrix ( SIZE , mm ) ; return ( 0 ) ; }
matrix.gforth
\ -*- mode : forth -*- \ $ Id : matrix.gforth , v 1.2 2001/06/28 02:01:56 doug Exp $ \
http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/
\ from Jorge Acereda Maciá 0. argc @ 1 - arg > number 2 drop drop constant iterations 30 constant size size dup * floats constant mat - byte - size : row - size size postpone literal ; immediate : row - stride float postpone literal ; immediate : col - stride size floats postpone literal ; immediate : mkmatrix 1.e mat - byte - size bounds do fdup i f! 1e f+ float + loop fdrop ; : }}? rot row - size * rot + floats + f@ f>d d>s 1 u.r ; : mat* - rot mat - byte - size bounds do over col - stride bounds do i col - stride j row - stride row - size v* dup f! float + float + loop col - stride + loop 2drop ; create a mat - byte - size allot a mkmatrix create b mat - byte - size allot b mkmatrix create r mat - byte - size allot : test iterations 0 do r a b mat* loop ; test 0 0 r }}? space 2 3 r }}? space 3 2 r }}? space 4 4 r }}? cr bye
matrix.ghc
-- $ Id : matrix.ghc , v 1.3 2001/06/01 17:56:49 doug Exp $ -- http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/ -- from Julian Assange -- TBD : try rewrite with STUArray or IOUArray ? module Main ( main ) where import System ( getArgs , exitWith , ExitCode ( .. ) ) import Numeric ( readDec ) import List( transpose ) main = do arg <- getArgs case arg of [ number ] -> putStrLn ( disp m 0 0 ++ " " ++ disp m 2 3 ++ " " ++ disp m 3 2 ++ " " ++ disp m 4 4 ) where disp m row col = show ( m!!row !!col ) m = powmat ( fst ( head ( readDec number ) ) ) _ -> exitWith ( ExitFailure 1 ) size = 30 -- ghc is able to optimize out enough invariants so that the -- traditional form this test runs in O ( 1 ) -- -- this would have ghc trounce all other entrants , so to get -- closer to the general meaning of the test , we cascade -- matrix multiplications .
this means the results are , by necessity , -- different , but involve just as many mmults .
i.e for n=1 the results -- are identical .
powmat n = power n ( mmult . transpose $ mkmat size ) ( mkmat size ) where power n f | n > 0 = f . ( power ( n - 1 ) f ) | otherwise = id mkmat x = [ [ ( y - 1 ) * x+1..y*x ] | y <- [ 1..x ] ] mmult a b = [ [ dot row col 0 | col <- a ] | row <- b ] where dot :: [ Int ] -> [ Int ] -> Int ->
Int dot ( x : xs ) ( y:ys ) z = dot xs ys ( z + x*y ) dot _ _ z = z -- slightly slower transposing mmult in one line : -- mmult a b = [ [ sum$ zipWith ( * ) row col 0 | col <- transpose a ] | row <- b ]
matrix.gnat
-- $ Id : matrix.gnat , v 1.0 2003/06/11 12:09:00 dada Exp $ -- http://dada.perl.it/shootout/
-- Ada 95 code by C.C. with Text_IO , Ada.Strings .
Fixed , Ada.Command_Line ; procedure Matrix is function L_Trim ( Source : String ; Side : Ada.Strings .Trim_End := Ada.Strings .Left ) return String renames Ada. Strings .
Fixed .
Trim ; type Int is new Integer ; type Int_Matrix is array ( Positive range <> , Positive range <> ) of Int ; function Mk_Matrix ( NRows , NCols : Natural ) return Int_Matrix is Count : Int := 1 ; M : Int_Matrix ( 1 .. NRows , 1 .. NCols ) ; begin for I in M'Range ( 1 ) loop for J in M'Range ( 2 ) loop M ( I , J ) := Count ; Count := Count + 1 ; end loop ; end loop ; return M ; end Mk_Matrix ; procedure M_Mult ( M1 , M2 : Int_Matrix ; MM : in out Int_Matrix ) is pragma Inline ( M_Mult ) ; pragma Suppress ( Index_Check ) ; Sum : Int ; begin if not ( M1 ' First ( 2 ) = M2 ' First ( 1 ) and M1 ' Last ( 2 ) = M2 ' Last ( 1 ) and M1 ' First ( 1 ) = MM ' First ( 1 ) and M1 ' Last ( 1 ) = MM' Last ( 1 ) and M2 ' First ( 2 ) = MM ' First ( 2 ) and M2 ' Last ( 2 ) = MM ' Last ( 2 ) ) then raise Constraint_Error ; end if ; for I in M1 ' Range ( 1 ) loop for J in M2 ' Range ( 2 ) loop Sum := 0 ; for KK in M1 ' Range ( 2 ) loop Sum := Sum + M1 ( I , KK ) * M2 ( KK , J ) ; end loop ; MM ( I , J ) := Sum ; end loop ; end loop ; end M_Mult ; Size : constant Natural := 30 ; M1 , M2 , MM : Int_Matrix ( 1 .. Size , 1 .. Size ) ; N : Positive := 1 ; begin begin N := Positive ' Value ( Ada.Command_Line.Argument ( 1 ) ) ; exception when Constraint_Error => null ; end ; M1 := Mk_Matrix ( Size , Size ) ; M2 := Mk_Matrix ( Size , Size ) ; for Iter in 1 .. N loop M_Mult ( M1 , M2 , MM ) ; end loop ; Text_IO.
Put_Line ( L_Trim ( Int 'Image ( MM ( 1 , 1 ) ) ) & Int ' Image ( MM ( 3 , 4 ) ) & Int ' Image ( MM ( 4 , 3 ) ) & Int ' Image ( MM ( 5 , 5 ) ) ) ; end Matrix ;
matrix.guile
#!/usr /local/bin/guile
\ -e main -s !# ;; ; $ Id : matrix.guile , v 1.6 2001/06/29 23:12:37 doug Exp $ ; ; ; http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/
; ; ; with help from Brad Knotwell ( define size 30 ) ( define ( mkmatrix rows cols ) ( define count 1 ) ( define ( set - row cols ) ( let ( ( row ( make - vector cols 0 ) ) ) ( do ( ( i 0 ( 1+ i ) ) ) ( (= i cols ) row ) ( begin ( vector - set ! row i count ) ( set ! count ( 1+ count ) ) ) ) ) ) ( let ( ( mx ( make - vector rows cols ) ) ) ( begin ( array - map - in - order ! mx set - row mx ) mx ) ) ) ( define ( mmult rows cols m 1 m2 ) ( let ( ( m3 ( make - vector rows 0 ) ) ) ( do ( ( i 0 (+ i 1 ) ) ) ( (= i rows ) ) ( let ( ( m1i ( vector - ref m1 i ) ) ( row ( make - vector cols 0 ) ) ) ( do ( (j 0 (+ j 1 ) ) ) ( (= j cols ) ) ( let ( ( val 0 ) ) ( do ( (k 0 (+ k 1 ) ) ) ( (= k cols ) ) ( set ! val (+ val (* ( vector - ref m1 i k ) ( vector - ref ( vector - ref m2 k ) j ) ) ) ) ) ( vector - set ! row j val ) ) ) ( vector - set ! m3 i row ) ) ) m 3 ) ) ( define ( main args ) ( let ( ( n ( or ( and (= ( length args ) 2 ) ( string -> ; number ( cadr args ) ) ) 1 ) ) ( m1 ( mkmatrix size size ) ) ( m2 ( mkmatrix size size ) ) ( mm 0 ) ) ( do ( ( i 0 ( 1+ i ) ) ) ( ( = i n ) ( begin ( display ( vector - ref ( vector - ref mm 0 ) 0 ) ) ( display " " ) ( display ( vector - ref ( vector - ref mm 2 ) 3 ) ) ( display " " ) ( display ( vector - ref ( vector - ref mm 3 ) 2 ) ) ( display " " ) ( display ( vector - ref ( vector - ref mm 4 ) 4 ) ) ( newline ) ) ) ( set ! mm ( mmult size size m1 m 2 ) ) ) ) )
matrix.ici
// $ Id : matrix.ici , v 1.0 2003/01/03 11:58:00 dada Exp $ // http://dada.perl.it/shootout // // contributed by Tim Long static mkmatrix ( rows , cols ) { m = build ( rows , cols ) ; count = 0 ; forall ( col in m ) { forall ( val , i in col ) col [ i ] = ++ count ; } return m ; } static mmult ( rows , cols , m1 , m2 , m3 ) { forall ( col , i in m3 ) { m1i = m 1 [ i ] ; forall ( val , j in col ) { val = 0 ; forall ( m1ik , k in m1i ) val += m1ik * m 2 [ k ] [j ] ; col[j ] = val ; } } } SIZE := 30 ; n := arg v [ 1 ] ? int ( argv [ 1 ] ) : 1 ; m1 := mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; m2 := mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; mm := build ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < n ; ++i ) mmult ( SIZE , SIZE , m1 , m2 , mm ) ; printf ( " %d %d %d %d
" , mm [ 0 ] [ 0 ] , mm [ 2 ] [ 3 ] , mm [ 3 ] [ 2 ] , mm [ 4 ] [ 4 ] ) ;
matrix.java
// $ Id : matrix .
java , v 1.3 2001/05/27 14:52:57 doug Exp $ //
http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/
// modified to use a little less memory by Thomas Holenstein import java.io.* ; import java.util .* ; public class matrix { static int SIZE = 30 ; public static void main ( String args [ ] ) { int n = Integer.parseInt ( args [ 0 ] ) ; int m 1 [ ] [ ] = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; int m 2 [ ] [ ] = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; int mm [ ] [ ] = new int [ SIZE ] [ SIZE ] ; for ( int i=0 ; i< n ; i++ ) { mmult ( SIZE , SIZE , m1 , m2 , mm ) ; } System.out.print(mm [ 0 ] [ 0 ] ) ; System.out.print ( " " ) ; System.out.print(mm [ 2 ] [ 3 ] ) ; System.out.print ( " " ) ; System.out.print(mm [ 3 ] [ 2 ] ) ; System.out.print ( " " ) ; System.out.println( mm [ 4 ] [ 4 ] ) ; } public static int [ ] [ ] mkmatrix ( int rows , int cols ) { int count = 1 ; int m [ ] [ ] = new int [ rows ] [ cols ] ; for ( int i=0 ; i<rows ; i++) { for ( int j=0 ; j<cols ; j++ ) { m [ i ] [ j ] = count ++ ; } } return ( m ) ; } public static void mmult ( int rows , int cols , int [ ] [ ] m1 , int [ ] [ ] m 2 , int [ ] [ ] m 3 ) { for ( int i=0 ; i<rows ; i++) { for ( int j=0 ; j<cols ; j++ ) { int val = 0 ; for ( int k=0 ; k< cols ; k++) { val += m 1 [ i ] [ k ] * m 2 [ k ] [j ] ; } m3 [ i ] [ j] = val ; } } } }
matrix.jscript
/* -*- mode : java -*- * $ Id : matrix.njs , v 1.1 2001/07/08 20:20:06 doug Exp $ * http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/
* From : David Hedbor * modified by Aldo Calpini < dada@perl.it > for Win32 */ var SIZE=30 ; function mkmatrix ( rows , cols ) { var i , j , count = 1 ; var m = new Array ( rows ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < rows ; i++) { m[ i ] = new Array ( cols ) ; for ( j = 0 ; j < cols ; j++ ) { m [ i ] [ j ] = count ++ ; } } return m ; } function mmult ( rows , cols , m1 , m2 , m3 ) { var i , j , k , val ; for ( i = 0 ; i < rows ; i++) { for ( j = 0 ; j < cols ; j++ ) { val = 0 ; for ( k = 0 ; k < cols ; k++ ) { val += m 1 [ i ] [ k ] * m 2 [ k ] [j ] ; } m3 [ i ] [ j ] = val ; } } return m3 ; } var n , i ; ARGS = WScript .
Arguments ; if ( ARGS.length >
0 ) { n = parseInt ( ARGS.Item ( 0 ) , " 10 " ) ; if (n < 1 ) n = 1 ; } else { n = 1 ; } var m1 = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; var m2 = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; var mm = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < n ; i++ ) { mmult ( SIZE , SIZE , m1 , m2 , mm ) ; } WScript . Echo( mm [ 0 ] [ 0 ] , mm [ 2 ] [ 3 ] , mm [ 3 ] [ 2 ] , mm [ 4 ] [ 4 ] ) ;
matrix.lcc
/* -*- mode : c -*- * $ Id : matrix.gcc , v 1.6 2001/03/31 15:52:48 doug Exp $ * http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/
*/ #include < stdio.h > # include < stdlib.h > # include < unistd.h > # define SIZE 30 int ** mkmatrix ( int rows , int cols ) { int i , j , count = 1 ; int **m = ( int **) malloc ( rows * sizeof ( int * ) ) ; for ( i=0 ; i<rows ; i++) { m[ i ] = ( int *) malloc ( cols * sizeof ( int ) ) ; for ( j=0 ; j< cols ; j++ ) { m [ i ] [ j ] = count ++ ; } } return ( m ) ; } void zeromatrix ( int rows , int cols , int **m ) { int i , j ; for ( i=0 ; i<rows ; i++ ) for ( j=0 ; j< cols ; j++ ) m[ i ] [ j ] = 0 ; } void freematrix ( int rows , int **m ) { while ( - - rows > - 1 ) { free ( m[ rows ] ) ; } free( m ) ; } int ** mmult ( int rows , int cols , int ** m1 , int ** m2 , int ** m3 ) { int i , j , k , val ; for ( i=0 ; i<rows ; i++ ) { for ( j=0 ; j< cols ; j++ ) { val = 0 ; for ( k=0 ; k< cols ; k++ ) { val += m 1 [ i ] [ k ] * m 2 [ k ] [j ] ; } m3 [ i ] [ j ] = val ; } } return ( m3 ) ; } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { int i , n = ( ( argc == 2 ) ? atoi( argv [ 1 ] ) : 1 ) ; int ** m1 = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; int ** m2 = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; int ** mm = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; for ( i=0 ; i< n ; i++ ) { mm = mmult ( SIZE , SIZE , m1 , m2 , mm ) ; } printf ( " %d %d %d %d
" , mm [ 0 ] [ 0 ] , mm [ 2 ] [ 3 ] , mm [ 3 ] [ 2 ] , mm [ 4 ] [ 4 ] ) ; freematrix ( SIZE , m1 ) ; freematrix ( SIZE , m2 ) ; freematrix ( SIZE , mm ) ; return ( 0 ) ; }
matrix.lua
-- $ Id : matrix.lua , v 1.2 2001/01/13 14:47:43 doug Exp $ -- http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/
-- with help from Roberto Ierusalimschy local n = tonumber ( ( arg and arg [ 1 ] ) or 1 ) local size = 30 function mkmatrix ( rows , cols ) local count = 1 local mx = {} for i=0 , ( rows - 1 ) do local row = {} for j=0 , ( cols - 1 ) do row[j ] = count count = count + 1 end mx [ i ] = row end return ( mx ) end function mmult ( rows , cols , m1 , m2 ) local m3 = {} for i=0 , ( rows - 1 ) do m3 [ i ] = {} for j=0 , ( cols - 1 ) do local rowj = 0 for k=0 , ( cols - 1 ) do rowj = rowj + m 1 [ i ] [ k ] * m 2 [ k ] [ j ] end m 3 [ i ] [ j ] = rowj end end return ( m3 ) end local m1 = mkmatrix ( size , size ) local m2 = mkmatrix ( size , size ) for i=1 , n do mm = mmult ( size , size , m1 , m2 ) end write ( format ( " %d %d %d %d
" , mm [ 0 ] [ 0 ] , mm [ 2 ] [ 3 ] , mm [ 3 ] [ 2 ] , mm [ 4 ] [ 4 ] ) )
matrix.lua5
-- $ Id : matrix.lua , v 1.2 2001/01/13 14:47:43 doug Exp $ -- http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/
-- contributed by Roberto Ierusalimschy local n = tonumber ( ( arg and arg [ 1 ] ) or 1 ) local size = 30 function mkmatrix ( rows , cols ) local count = 1 local mx = {} for i=1 , rows do local row = {} for j=1 , cols do row[j ] = count count = count + 1 end mx [ i ] = row end return ( mx ) end function mmult ( rows , cols , m1 , m2 ) local m3 = {} for i=1 , rows do local m3 i = {} m3 [ i ] = m3 i local m 1i = m 1 [ i ] for j=1 , cols do local rowj = 0 for k=1 , cols do rowj = rowj + m 1i [ k ] * m 2 [ k ] [ j ] end m3i[j ] = rowj end end return ( m3 ) end local m1 = mkmatrix ( size , size ) local m2 = mkmatrix ( size , size ) for i=1 , n do mm = mmult ( size , size , m1 , m2 ) end io .
write ( string .
format ( " %d %d %d %d
" , mm [ 1 ] [ 1 ] , mm [ 3 ] [ 4 ] , mm [ 4 ] [ 3 ] , mm [ 5 ] [ 5 ] ) )
matrix.
mawk
# $ Id : matrix .
mawk , v 1.1 2001/05/20 06:59:20 doug Exp $ # http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/ function mkmatrix ( mx , rows , cols ) { count = 1 ; for ( i=0 ; i<rows ; i++) { for ( j=0 ; j< cols ; j++ ) { mx[ i , j ] = count ++ ; } } } function mmult ( rows , cols , m1 , m2 , m3 ) { for ( i=0 ; i<rows ; i++) { for ( j=0 ; j< cols ; j++ ) { val = 0 ; for ( k=0 ; k< cols ; k++ ) { val += m1 [ i , k ] * m 2 [ k , j ] ; } m3 [ i , j ] = val ; } } } BEGIN { n = ( ARGV [ 1 ] < 1 ) ? 1 : ARGV [ 1 ] ; size = 30 ; m1 [ 0,0 ] = 0 ; m2 [ 0,0 ] = 0 ; mkmatrix ( m1 , size , size ) ; mkmatrix ( m2 , size , size ) ; mm [ 0,0 ] = 0 ; for ( l=0 ; l< n ; l ++ ) { mmult ( size , size , m1 , m2 , mm ) ; } printf ( " %d %d %d %d
" , mm [ 0,0 ] , mm [ 2,3 ] , mm [ 3,2 ] , mm [ 4,4 ] ) ; exit ; }
matrix.mingw32
/* -*- mode : c -*- * $ Id : matrix.gcc , v 1.6 2001/03/31 15:52:48 doug Exp $ * http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/
*/ #include < stdio.h > # include < stdlib.h > # include < unistd.h > # define SIZE 30 int ** mkmatrix ( int rows , int cols ) { int i , j , count = 1 ; int **m = ( int **) malloc ( rows * sizeof ( int * ) ) ; for ( i=0 ; i<rows ; i++) { m[ i ] = ( int *) malloc ( cols * sizeof ( int ) ) ; for ( j=0 ; j< cols ; j++ ) { m [ i ] [ j ] = count ++ ; } } return ( m ) ; } void zeromatrix ( int rows , int cols , int **m ) { int i , j ; for ( i=0 ; i<rows ; i++ ) for ( j=0 ; j< cols ; j++ ) m[ i ] [ j ] = 0 ; } void freematrix ( int rows , int **m ) { while ( - - rows > - 1 ) { free ( m[ rows ] ) ; } free( m ) ; } int ** mmult ( int rows , int cols , int ** m1 , int ** m2 , int ** m3 ) { int i , j , k , val ; for ( i=0 ; i<rows ; i++ ) { for ( j=0 ; j< cols ; j++ ) { val = 0 ; for ( k=0 ; k< cols ; k++ ) { val += m 1 [ i ] [ k ] * m 2 [ k ] [j ] ; } m3 [ i ] [ j ] = val ; } } return ( m3 ) ; } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { int i , n = ( ( argc == 2 ) ? atoi( argv [ 1 ] ) : 1 ) ; int ** m1 = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; int ** m2 = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; int ** mm = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; for ( i=0 ; i< n ; i++ ) { mm = mmult ( SIZE , SIZE , m1 , m2 , mm ) ; } printf ( " %d %d %d %d
" , mm [ 0 ] [ 0 ] , mm [ 2 ] [ 3 ] , mm [ 3 ] [ 2 ] , mm [ 4 ] [ 4 ] ) ; freematrix ( SIZE , m1 ) ; freematrix ( SIZE , m2 ) ; freematrix ( SIZE , mm ) ; return ( 0 ) ; }
matrix.nice
/* The Great Win32 Language Shootout http://dada.perl.it/shootout/
contributed by Isaac Gouy ( Nice novice ) Transliterated from the Java implementation
To compile : nicec -- sourcepath =.. -d=. - a matrix .jar matrix
To run : java - jar matrix .
jar 300 */ // NOTE : the type of a variable declared with let // or var will be inferred by the compiler import ackermann ; // reuse toSingleInt void main ( String [ ] args ) { var n = toSingleInt ( args ) ; let int SIZE = 30 ; let m1 = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; let m2 = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; let mm = new int [ SIZE ] [ SIZE ] ; while ( n -- > 0 ) mmult ( m1 , m2 , mm ) ; print ( mm [ 0 ] [ 0 ] ) ; print ( " " ) ; print ( mm [ 2 ] [ 3 ] ) ; print ( " " ) ; print ( mm [ 3 ] [ 2 ] ) ; print ( " " ) ; println ( mm [ 4 ] [ 4 ] ) ; } int [ ] [ ] mkmatrix ( int nRows , int nCols ) { int count = 1 ; let m = new int [ nRows ] [ nCols ] ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < n Rows ; i++ ) for ( var j = 0 ; j < n Cols ; j++ ) m[ i ] [ j ] = count ++ ; return m ; } void mmult ( int [ ] [ ] m1 , int [ ] [ ] m 2 , int [ ] [ ] m ) { let nRows = m 1.length ; let nCols = nRows ; //
Assume a square matrix for ( var i=0 ; i < n Rows ; i++ ) for ( var j = 0 ; j < n Cols ; j++ ) { int val = 0 ; for ( var k = 0 ; k < n Cols ; k++ ) val += m 1 [ i ] [ k ] * m 2 [ k ] [j ] ; m[ i ] [ j ] = val ; } }
matrix.ocaml
(* * $ Id : matrix.ocaml , v 1.7 2001/01/14 13:47:41 doug Exp $ * http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/
* from Markus Mottl *) let size = 30 let mkmatrix rows cols = let count = ref 1 and last_col = cols - 1 and m = Array .
make_matrix rows cols 0 in for i = 0 to rows - 1 do let mi = m.( i ) in for j = 0 to last_col do mi .
( j ) <- ! count ; incr count done ; done ; m let rec inner_loop k v m1i m2 j = if k < 0 then v else inner_loop ( k - 1 ) ( v + m 1i . ( k ) * m 2 .( k ) .( j ) ) m1 i m2 j let mmult rows cols m1 m2 m3 = let last_col = cols - 1 and last_row = rows - 1 in for i = 0 to last_row do let m 1i = m 1 . ( i ) and m3i = m 3 . ( i ) in for j = 0 to last_col do m3i. ( j ) <- inner_loop last_row 0 m1i m2 j done ; done let _ = let n = try int_of_string Sys.argv .
( 1 ) with Invalid_argument _ -> 1 and m1 = mkmatrix size size and m2 = mkmatrix size size and m3 = Array .
make_matrix size size 0 in for i = 1 to n - 1 do mmult size size m1 m2 m3 done ; mmult size size m1 m2 m3 ; Printf.printf " %d %d %d %d
" m3 .( 0 ) . ( 0 ) m3 . ( 2 ) . ( 3 ) m3 . ( 3 ) . ( 2 ) m3 . ( 4 ) . ( 4 )
matrix.ocamlb
(* * $ Id : matrix.ocaml , v 1.7 2001/01/14 13:47:41 doug Exp $ * http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/
* from Markus Mottl *) let size = 30 let mkmatrix rows cols = let count = ref 1 and last_col = cols - 1 and m = Array .
make_matrix rows cols 0 in for i = 0 to rows - 1 do let mi = m.( i ) in for j = 0 to last_col do mi .
( j ) <- ! count ; incr count done ; done ; m let rec inner_loop k v m1i m2 j = if k < 0 then v else inner_loop ( k - 1 ) ( v + m 1i . ( k ) * m 2 .( k ) .( j ) ) m1 i m2 j let mmult rows cols m1 m2 m3 = let last_col = cols - 1 and last_row = rows - 1 in for i = 0 to last_row do let m 1i = m 1 . ( i ) and m3i = m 3 . ( i ) in for j = 0 to last_col do m3i. ( j ) <- inner_loop last_row 0 m1i m2 j done ; done let _ = let n = try int_of_string Sys.argv .
( 1 ) with Invalid_argument _ -> 1 and m1 = mkmatrix size size and m2 = mkmatrix size size and m3 = Array .
make_matrix size size 0 in for i = 1 to n - 1 do mmult size size m1 m2 m3 done ; mmult size size m1 m2 m3 ; Printf.printf " %d %d %d %d
" m3 .( 0 ) . ( 0 ) m3 . ( 2 ) . ( 3 ) m3 . ( 3 ) . ( 2 ) m3 . ( 4 ) . ( 4 )
matrix.oz
%% % $ Id : matrix.oz , v 1.0 2002/08/19 16:22:00 dada Exp $ % % % http://dada.perl.it/shootout/ % % % % % % contributed by Isaac Gouy %%
Usage : start from command line with % % ozc -x matrix.oz -o matrix.oz.exe % % matrix.oz.exe 300 functor import System Application define proc { MakeMatrix Rows Cols M} local Count in { NewArray 0 Rows - 1 0 M} Count ={NewCell 0} for I in 0 .. Rows - 1 do local R in { NewArray 0 Cols - 1 0 R} { Put M I R} for J in 0 .. Cols - 1 do { Assign Count { Access Count} +1 } { Put R J { Access Count}} end end end end end proc { MMult M1 M2 MM} local S1 N1 Prod S2 N2 in S1 = { Array.low M1} N1 = { Array.high M1} S2 = { Array.low { Get M1 S1}} N2 = { Array.high { Get M1 S1}} Prod = { NewCell 0} { NewArray S1 N1 0 MM} for I in S1..N1 do local R in { NewArray S1 N1 0 R} { Put MM I R} for J in S1..N1 do { Assign Prod 0} for K in S2..N2 do { Assign Prod { Get { Get M1 I} K}* { Get { Get M2 K} J}+ {Access Prod}} end { Put R J { Access Prod}} end end end end end proc { RepeatMMult N M1 M2 MM} local T in if N > 1 then { MMult M1 M2 T} { RepeatMMult N - 1 M1 M2 MM} else { MMult M1 M2 T} MM = T end end end in local Args Repeat N M1 M2 MM in [ Args ] = { Application.getArgs plain} Repeat = { String.toInt Args} N = 30 { MakeMatrix N N M1} { MakeMatrix N N M2} { RepeatMMult Repeat M1 M2 MM} { System.printInfo { Get { Get MM 0} 0}}{System.printInfo ' '} { System.printInfo { Get { Get MM 2} 3}}{System.printInfo ' '} % get col 3 out of row 2 { System.printInfo { Get { Get MM 3} 2}}{System.printInfo ' '} % get col 2 out of row 3 { System.showInfo { Get { Get MM 4} 4} } end { Application.exit
0} end
matrix.perl
#!/usr/local/bin/perl
# $ Id : matrix.perl , v 1.1 2000/12/29 06:10:10 doug Exp $ # http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/
#
This program based on the original from : # " The What , Why , Who , and Where of Python " By Aaron R. Watters # http://www.networkcomputing.com/unixworld/tutorial/005/005.html
# modified to pass rows and cols , and avoid matrix size checks #
I 've sped up the original quite a bit by removing some loop # invariants and declaring " use integer " use strict ; use integer ; my $ size = 30 ; sub mkmatrix { my ( $rows , $ cols ) = @_ ; -- $rows ; -- $ cols ; my $ count = 1 ; my @mx = ( ) ; foreach ( 0 .. $ rows ) { my @row = ( ) ; $ row [ $ _ ] = $ count ++ foreach ( 0 .. $ cols ) ; push ( @mx , \@row ) ; } return ( \@mx ) ; } # mmult contributed by Tony Bowden sub mmult { my ( $rows , $ cols , $ m1 , $ m2 ) = @_ ; my $ m3 = [ ] ; -- $rows ; -- $ cols ; for my $ i ( 0 .. $ rows ) { for my $j ( 0 .. $ cols ) { $ m3 - > [ $ i ] [ $ j ] += $ m1 - > [ $ i ] [ $ _ ] * $ m2 ->[ $ _ ] [ $j ] for 0 ..$ cols ; } } return $ m3 ; } #sub mmult { # my ( $rows , $ cols , $ m1 , $ m2 ) = @_ ; # my @m3 = ( ) ; # -- $rows ; -- $ cols ; # for my $ i ( 0 .. $ rows ) { # my @row = ( ) ; # my $ m1i = $ m1 - > [ $ i ] ; # for my $j ( 0 .. $ cols ) { # my $ val = 0 ; # for my $k ( 0 .. $ cols ) { # $ val += $ m1i ->[ $k ] * $ m2 ->[ $ k ] ->[ $j ] ; # } # push ( @row , $ val ) ; # } # push ( @m3 , \@row ) ; # } # return ( \@m3 ) ; #} my $ N = $ ARGV [ 0 ] || 1 ; my $ m1 = mkmatrix ( $ size , $ size ) ; my $ m2 = mkmatrix ( $ size , $ size ) ; my $ mm ; while ( $ N --) { $ mm = mmult ( $ size , $ size , $ m1 , $ m2 ) ; } print " $ mm - > [ 0 ] ->[ 0 ] $ mm - > [ 2 ] ->[ 3 ] $ mm - > [ 3 ] -> [ 2 ] $ mm - > [ 4 ] -> [ 4 ]
" ;
matrix .
php
<? php /* $ Id : matrix.php , v 1.1 2001/05/14 03:37:18 doug Exp $ http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/ */ set_time_limit(0 ) ; $ SIZE = 30 ; function mkmatrix ( $rows , $ cols ) { $ count = 1 ; $ mx = array ( ) ; for ( $i=0 ; $ i< $rows ; $ i++ ) { for ( $ j=0 ; $ j < $cols ; $ j ++ ) { $ mx [ $ i ] [ $j ] = $ count ++ ; } } return ( $ mx ) ; } function mmult ( $rows , $ cols , $ m1 , $ m2 ) { $ m3 = array ( ) ; for ( $i=0 ; $ i< $rows ; $ i++ ) { for ( $ j=0 ; $ j < $cols ; $ j ++ ) { $ x = 0 ; for ( $ k=0 ; $ k < $cols ; $ k++ ) { $ x += $ m1 [ $ i ] [ $ k ] * $ m2 [ $k ] [ $j ] ; } $ m3 [ $ i ] [ $j ] = $ x ; } } return ( $ m3 ) ; } $n = ( $argc == 2 ) ? $ argv [ 1 ] : 1 ; $ m1 = mkmatrix ( $ SIZE , $ SIZE ) ; $ m2 = mkmatrix ( $ SIZE , $ SIZE ) ; while ( $ n --) { $ mm = mmult ( $ SIZE , $ SIZE , $ m1 , $ m2 ) ; } print " {$ mm [ 0 ] [ 0 ] } { $mm [ 2 ] [ 3 ] } { $mm [ 3 ] [ 2 ] } {$mm [ 4 ] [ 4 ] }
" ; ?>
matrix .
pike
#!/usr/local/bin/pike // -*- mode : pike -*- //
$ Id : matrix .
pike , v 1.2 2001/01/02 07:24:21 doug Exp $ //
http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/
// from : Per Hedbor int size = 30 ; array ( array ( int ) ) mkmatrix ( int rows , int cols ) { array ( array ( int ) ) m = allocate ( rows ) ; int count = 1 ; for ( int i=0 ; i<rows ; i++) { array ( int ) row = allocate ( cols ) ; for ( int j=0 ; j<cols ; j++ ) { row[j ] = count ++ ; } m[ i ] = row ; } return ( m ) ; } void main ( int argc , array ( string ) argv ) { int n = ( int ) argv [ - 1 ] ; if ( n < 1 ) n = 1 ; Math.Matrix m1 = Math.Matrix ( mkmatrix ( size , size ) ) ; Math.Matrix m2 = Math.Matrix ( mkmatrix ( size , size ) ) ; Math .
Matrix mm ; for ( int i = n ; i>0 ; i-- ) mm = m 1 * m2 ; array q = ( array ( array ( int ) ) ) ( array ) mm ; write ( " %d %d %d %d
" , q [ 0 ] [ 0 ] , q [ 2 ] [ 3 ] , q [ 3 ] [ 2 ] , q [ 4 ] [ 4 ] ) ; }
matrix .
pliant
# $ Id : matrix.
pliant , v 1.0 2002/02/07 18:27:00 dada Exp $ # http://dada.perl.it/shootout/
module " /pliant/language/context.pli " gvar Int size := 30 function mkmatrix rows cols -> mx arg Int rows ; arg Int cols arg_w Array : ( Array : Int ) mx var Array : Int row var Int count := 1 for ( var Int r ) 0 rows - 1 row : size := 0 for ( var Int c ) 0 cols - 1 row += count count := count + 1 mx += row return mx function mmult rows cols m1 m2 m3 arg Int rows ; arg Int cols arg Array : ( Array : Int ) m1 arg Array : ( Array : Int ) m2 arg_w Array : ( Array : Int ) m3 var Array : Int row var Int val for ( var Int i ) 0 rows - 1 row : size := 0 for ( var Int j ) 0 cols - 1 val := 0 for ( var Int k ) 0 cols - 1 val := val + m 1:i:k * m2 :k :j row += val m3 += row gvar Array : ( Array : Int ) m1 gvar Array : ( Array : Int ) m2 gvar Array : ( Array : Int ) mm gvar Str s_n := cast ( ( pliant_script_args translate Address 1 ) map CStr )
Str if ( s_n parse ( gvar Int n ) ) m 1 := mkmatrix size size m2 := mkmatrix size size while n>0 mmult size size m1 m2 mm n := n - 1 console mm:0:0 " " mm :2:3 " " mm :3:2 " " mm :4:4 eol else console " usage : matrix.
pliant < number > "
eol
matrix.poplisp
; ; ; -*- mode : lisp -*- ;; ; $ Id : matrix .
poplisp , v 1.0 2002/05/03 14:16:00 dada Exp $ ( proclaim '( optimize ( speed 3 ) ( space 0 ) ( compilation - speed 0 ) ( debug 0 ) ( safety 0 ) ) ) ( defun matmul ( a b c n m k ) ( declare ( optimize ( speed 3 ) ( safety 0 ) ( debug 0 ) ) ( type ( simple - array ( unsigned - byte 32 ) ( * ) ) a b c ) ( fixnum n m k ) ) ( let ( ( sum 0 ) ( i1 (- m ) ) ( k2 0 ) ) ( declare ( type ( unsigned - byte 32 ) sum ) ( type fixnum i1 k2 ) ) ( dotimes ( i n c ) ( declare ( fixnum i ) ) ( setf i1 (+ i1 m ) ) ;; i1 =i*m ( dotimes ( j k ) ( declare ( fixnum j ) ) ( setf sum 0 ) ( setf k2 (- k ) ) ( dotimes ( l m ) ( declare ( fixnum l ) ) ( setf k2 ( + k2 k ) ) ;; k2 = l*k ( setf sum ( the ( unsigned - byte 32 ) (+ ( the ( unsigned - byte 32 ) sum ) ( the ( unsigned - byte 32 ) (* ( aref a ( + i1 l ) ) ( aref b ( + k2 j ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( setf ( aref c (+ i1 j ) ) sum ) ) ) ) ) ( defun make - matrix ( rows cols ) ( declare ( type ( unsigned - byte 32 ) rows cols ) ( optimize ( speed 3 ) ( safety 0 ) ) ) ; ( hcl: fixnum - safety 0 ) ) ) ( let* ( ( space (* rows cols ) ) ( matrix ( make - array space : element - type ' ( unsigned - byte 32 ) ) ) ) ( declare ( type ( simple - array ( unsigne d - byte 32 ) ( * ) ) matrix ) ( fixnum space ) ) ( loop : for i : of - type fixnum : from 0 : below space : do ( setf ( aref matrix i ) ( 1+ i ) ) ) matrix ) ) ( let ( ( n ( parse - integer ( or ( car pop11 : : poparglist ) " 1 " ) ) ) ) ( declare ( fixnum n ) ( optimize ( speed 3 ) ( debug 0 ) ( safety 0 ) ) ) ( let * ( ( m1 ( make- matrix 30 30 ) ) ( m2 ( make- matrix 30 30 ) ) ( m3 ( make - matrix 30 30 ) ) ( mm ( make - array '( 30 30 ) : element - type '( unsigned - byte 32 ) : displaced - to m3 ) ) ) ( loop repeat n do ( matmul m1 m2 m3 30 30 30 ) ) ( format t " ~A ~A ~A ~ A ~ % " ( aref mm 0 0 ) ( aref mm 2 3 ) ( aref mm 3 2 ) ( aref mm 4 4 ) ) ) )
matrix .
python
#!/usr/local/bin/python
#
$ Id : matrix .
python , v 1.5 2001/05/09 01:24:52 doug Exp $ # http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/
#
This program based on the original from : # " The What , Why , Who , and Where of Python " By Aaron R. Watters # http://www.networkcomputing.com/unixworld/tutorial/005/005.html
# modified to pass rows and cols , and avoid matrix size checks # and added one optimization to reduce subscripted references in # inner loop .
import sys size = 30 def mkmatrix ( rows , cols ) : count = 1 mx = [ None ] * rows for i in range ( rows ) : mx [ i ] = [ 0 ]
* cols for j in range ( cols ) : mx [ i ] [ j ] = count count += 1 return mx def mmult ( rows , cols , m1 , m2 ) : m3 = [ None ] * rows for i in range ( rows ) : m 3 [ i ] = [ 0 ]
* cols for j in range ( cols ) : val = 0 for k in range ( cols ) : val += m 1 [ i ] [ k ] * m 2 [ k ] [ j ] m 3 [ i ] [ j ] = val return m3 def mxprint ( m ) : for i in range ( size ) : for j in range ( size ) : print m[ i ] [ j ] , print " " def main ( ) : iter = int ( sys.argv [ 1 ] ) m1 = mkmatrix ( size , size ) m 2 = mkmatrix ( size , size ) for i in xrange ( iter ) : mm = mmult ( size , size , m1 , m2 ) print mm [ 0 ] [ 0 ] , mm [ 2 ] [ 3 ] , mm [ 3 ] [ 2 ] , mm [ 4 ] [ 4 ] main ( )
matrix.rexx
size = 30 parse arg n
If n < 1 Then Do n = 1
End call mkmatrix size , size , " m1 " call mkmatrix size , size , " m2 " Do While n > 0 call mmult ( size , size , " m1 " , " m2 " , " mm " ) n = n - 1 End say mm.0.0 " " mm.2.3 " " mm.3.2 " " mm.4.4 exit mkmatrix : parse arg rows , cols , mx rows = rows - 1 cols = cols - 1 count = 1 Do r = 0
To rows Do c = 0
To cols interpret mx || " .r.c = " count count = count + 1 End End return mx mmult : parse arg rows , cols , m1 , m2 , m3 rows = rows - 1 cols = cols - 1 Do i = 0
To rows Do j = 0
To cols val = 0 Do k = 0
To cols interpret " val = val + " || m1 || " .i.k * " || m2 || " .k. j "
End interpret m3 || " .i.j = " val End End
matrix.ruby
#!/usr/local/bin/ruby
# -*- mode : ruby -*- # $ Id : matrix.ruby , v 1.3 2001/05/16 16:38:55 doug Exp $ # http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/ n = Integer ( ARGV. shift || 1 ) size = 30 def mkmatrix ( rows , cols ) count = 1 mx = Array.new ( rows ) for i in 0 .. ( rows - 1 ) row = Array.
new ( cols , 0 ) for j in 0 .. ( cols - 1 ) row[j ] = count count += 1 end mx [ i ] = row end mx end def mmult ( rows , cols , m1 , m2 ) m3 = Array.new ( rows ) for i in 0 .. ( rows - 1 ) row = Array.
new ( cols , 0 ) for j in 0 .. ( cols - 1 ) val = 0 for k in 0 .. ( cols - 1 ) val += m 1 [ i ] [ k ] * m 2 [ k ] [ j ] end row[j ] = val end m 3 [ i ] = row end m3 end m1 = mkmatrix ( size , size ) m 2 = mkmatrix ( size , size ) mm = Array .
new n.times do mm = mmult ( size , size , m1 , m2 ) end puts " # {mm [ 0 ] [ 0 ] } # {mm [ 2 ] [ 3 ] } #{mm [ 3 ] [ 2 ] } # {m m [ 4 ] [ 4 ]
} "
matrix.se
-- -*- mode : eiffel -*- --
$ Id : matrix.se , v 1.3 2001/05/23 18:28:58 doug Exp $ -- http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/ -- from Steve Thompson -- < LOC-OFF > indexing description : " This class performs the matrix multiplication test " author : Steve Thompson email : " Steve_Thompson@prodigy.net " date : February 18 , 2001 compile : " compile - clean - boost - no_split - O3 main.e - o main " run : " main 300 " -- < LOC-ON > class MATRIX creation make feature -- Creation make is local index , count : INTEGER m1 , m2 : like matrix do from if argument_count < 1 then count := 1 else count := argument ( 1) .to_integer end index := 0 m1 := new_matrix ( 30 , 30 ) m2 := new_matrix ( 30 , 30 ) !!matrix.make(0 , 29 , 0 , 29 ) until index = count loop mmult ( 30 , 30 , m1 , m2 ) index := index + 1 end -- from print ( matrix.item ( 0 , 0 ) .to_string + " " + matrix.item ( 2 , 3 ) .to_string + " " + matrix.item ( 3 , 2 ) .to_string + " " + matrix.item ( 4 , 4 ) .to_string + " % N " ) end -- make feature -- Queries matrix : ARRAY2 [ INTEGER ] new_matrix ( rows , columns : INTEGER ) : like matrix is -- Create and populate a new matrix .
local i , j , count : INTEGER do !!
Result . make ( 0 , rows - 1 , 0 , columns - 1 ) from count := 1 i := 0 until i = rows loop from j := 0 until j = columns loop Result. put ( count , i , j ) count := count + 1 j := j + 1 end i := i + 1 end end -- new_matrix feature -- Commands zero_matrix ( rows , columns : INTEGER ; a_matrix : like matrix ) is -- Clear a matrix do matrix .
make ( 0 , rows - 1 , 0 , columns - 1 ) end -- zero_matrix mmult ( rows , columns : INTEGER ; first , second : like matrix ) is -- Multiply two matrices .
local i , j , k , val : INTEGER do zero_matrix ( rows , columns , matrix ) from i := 0 until i = rows loop from j := 0 until j = columns loop val := 0 from k := 0 until k = columns loop val := val + first.item( i , k ) * second.item( k , j ) k := k + 1 end matrix.put ( val , i , j ) j := j + 1 end i := i + 1 end -- from end -- mmult end
matrix.slang
% $ Id : matrix.slang , v 1.0 2003/01/03 13:59:00 dada Exp $ % http://dada.perl.it/shootout/ % % contributed by John E. Davis variable size = 30 ; define mkmatrix ( rows , cols ) { variable mx = [ 1:rows * cols ] ; reshape ( mx , [ rows , cols ] ) ; return mx ; } define main ( ) { variable iter = integer ( __argv [ 1 ] ) ; variable m1 = mkmatrix ( size , size ) ; variable m2 = mkmatrix ( size , size ) ; loop ( iter ) variable mm = m1 # m2 ; vmessage ( " %.0 f %.0 f %.0 f %.0f " , mm [ 0,0 ] , mm [ 2,3 ] , mm [ 3,2 ] , mm [ 4,4 ] ) ; } main ( ) ;
matrix.smlnj
(* -*- mode : sml -*- * $ Id : matrix.smlnj , v 1.3 2001/07/11 01:40:04 doug Exp $ * http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/
* from Stephen Weeks *) structure Test : sig val main : ( string * string list ) -> OS .
Process.status end = struct fun incr r = r := !r + 1 fun for ( start , stop , f ) = let fun loop i = if i > stop then ( ) else ( f i ; loop ( i + 1 ) ) in loop start end structure Array2 = struct datatype 'a t = T of 'a array array fun sub ( T a , r , c ) = Array.sub ( Array.sub ( a , r ) , c ) fun subr ( T a , r ) = let val a = Array . sub ( a , r ) in fn c => Array.sub ( a , c ) end fun update ( T a , r , c , x ) = Array.update ( Array.sub ( a , r ) , c , x ) fun array ( r , c , x ) = T ( Array.tabulate ( r , fn _ => Array.array ( c , x ) ) ) end val sub = Array2.sub val update = Array2.update val size = 30 fun mkmatrix ( rows , cols ) = let val count = ref 1 val last_col = cols - 1 val m = Array 2.array ( rows , cols , 0 ) in for ( 0 , rows - 1 , fn i => for ( 0 , last_col , fn j => ( update ( m , i , j , ! count ) ; incr count ) ) ) ; m end fun mmult ( rows , cols , m1 , m2 , m3 ) = let val last_col = cols - 1 val last_row = rows - 1 in for ( 0 , last_row , fn i => for ( 0 , last_col , fn j => update ( m3 , i , j , let val m1i = Array2.subr ( m1 , i ) fun loop ( k , sum ) = if k < 0 then sum else loop ( k - 1 , sum + m 1 i k * sub ( m2 , k , j ) ) in loop ( last_row , 0 ) end ) ) ) end fun atoi s = case Int. fromString s of SOME num => num | NONE => 0 ; fun printl [ ] = print "
" | printl ( h : :t ) = ( print h ; printl t ) ; fun main ( name , args ) = let val n = atoi ( hd ( args @ [ " 1 " ] ) ) val m1 = mkmatrix ( size , size ) val m2 = mkmatrix ( size , size ) val m3 = Array 2.array ( size , size , 0 ) val _ = for ( 1 , n - 1 , fn _ => mmult ( size , size , m1 , m2 , m3 ) ) val _ = mmult ( size , size , m1 , m2 , m3 ) in printl [ Int.toString ( sub ( m3 , 0 , 0 ) ) , " " , Int.toString ( sub ( m3 , 2 , 3 ) ) , " " , Int.toString ( sub ( m3 , 3 , 2 ) ) , " " , Int.toString ( sub ( m3 , 4 , 4 ) ) ] ; OS .
Process.success end end val _ = SMLofNJ.exportFn( " matrix " , Test.main )
matrix.tcl
#!/usr/local/bin/tclsh # $ Id : matrix.tcl , v 1.6 2001/01/16 00:34:18 doug Exp $ # http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/
#
This program based on the original from : # " The What , Why , Who , and Where of Python " By Aaron R. Watters # http://www.networkcomputing.com/unixworld/tutorial/005/005.html
# modified to avoid matrix size checks # -- Doug # additional speedups by Kristoffer Lawson and Miguel Sofer set size 30 ; proc mkmatrix {rows cols} { set count 1 ; set mx [ list ] for { set i 0 } { $ i < $ rows } { incr i } { set row [ list ] for { set j 0 } { $j < $ cols } { incr j } { lappend row $ count ; incr count ; } lappend mx $row ; } return $ mx ; } proc mmult { m1 m2} { set cols [ lindex $ m2 0 ] foreach row1 $ m1 { set row [ list ] set i 0 foreach - $ cols { set elem 0 foreach elem1 $ row1 row2 $ m2 { set elem [ expr {$elem + $ elem1 * [ lindex $ row2 $ i ]} ] } lappend row $ elem incr i } lappend result $ row } return $ result } proc main {} { global argv size set num [ lindex $ argv 0 ] if { $num < 1} { set num 1 } set m1 [ mkmatrix $ size $ size ] set m2 [ mkmatrix $ size $ size ] while { $ num >
0} { incr num - 1 set m [ mmult $ m1 $ m2 ] } puts " [ lindex [ lindex $ m 0 ] 0 ] [ lindex [ lindex $ m 2 ] 3 ] [ lindex [ lindex $ m 3 ] 2 ] [ lindex [ lindex $ m 4 ] 4 ] " } main
matrix.vbscript
Const size = 30 Function mkmatrix ( rows , cols ) ReDim mx( size , size ) rows = rows - 1 cols = cols - 1 count = 1 For R = 0 To rows For C = 0
To cols mx(R , C ) = count count = count + 1 Next Next mkmatrix = mx End Function Function mmult ( rows , cols , m1 , m2 ) ReDim m3 ( size , size ) rows = rows - 1 cols = cols - 1 For i = 0
To rows For j = 0
To cols val = 0 For k = 0
To cols val = val + m1 ( i , k ) * m2 ( k , j ) Next m3 ( i , j ) = val Next Next mmult = m3 End Function M1 = mkmatrix ( size , size ) M2 = mkmatrix ( size , size ) N = WScript .
Arguments (0 ) If N < 1 Then N = 1 For I = 0
To N MM = mmult ( size , size , M1 , M2 ) Next WScript .
Echo MM ( 0 , 0 ) & " " & MM ( 2 , 3 ) & " " & MM ( 3 , 2 ) & " " & MM ( 4 , 4 )
matrix.vc
/* -*- mode : c -*- * $ Id : matrix.gcc , v 1.6 2001/03/31 15:52:48 doug Exp $ * http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/
*/ #include < stdio.h > # include < stdlib.h > # define SIZE 30 int ** mkmatrix ( int rows , int cols ) { int i , j , count = 1 ; int **m = ( int **) malloc ( rows * sizeof ( int * ) ) ; for ( i=0 ; i<rows ; i++) { m[ i ] = ( int *) malloc ( cols * sizeof ( int ) ) ; for ( j=0 ; j< cols ; j++ ) { m [ i ] [ j ] = count ++ ; } } return ( m ) ; } void zeromatrix ( int rows , int cols , int **m ) { int i , j ; for ( i=0 ; i<rows ; i++ ) for ( j=0 ; j< cols ; j++ ) m[ i ] [ j ] = 0 ; } void freematrix ( int rows , int **m ) { while ( - - rows > - 1 ) { free ( m[ rows ] ) ; } free( m ) ; } int ** mmult ( int rows , int cols , int ** m1 , int ** m2 , int ** m3 ) { int i , j , k , val ; for ( i=0 ; i<rows ; i++ ) { for ( j=0 ; j< cols ; j++ ) { val = 0 ; for ( k=0 ; k< cols ; k++ ) { val += m 1 [ i ] [ k ] * m 2 [ k ] [j ] ; } m3 [ i ] [ j ] = val ; } } return ( m3 ) ; } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { int i , n = ( ( argc == 2 ) ? atoi( argv [ 1 ] ) : 1 ) ; int ** m1 = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; int ** m2 = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; int ** mm = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; for ( i=0 ; i< n ; i++ ) { mm = mmult ( SIZE , SIZE , m1 , m2 , mm ) ; } printf ( " %d %d %d %d
" , mm [ 0 ] [ 0 ] , mm [ 2 ] [ 3 ] , mm [ 3 ] [ 2 ] , mm [ 4 ] [ 4 ] ) ; freematrix ( SIZE , m1 ) ; freematrix ( SIZE , m2 ) ; freematrix ( SIZE , mm ) ; return ( 0 ) ; }
matrix.vc++
// -*- mode : c++ -*- //
$ Id : matrix .g++ , v 1.3 2001/06/20 03:20:02 doug Exp $ //
http://www.bagley.org/~doug/shootout/
# include < iostream > # include < stdlib.h > using namespace std ; # define SIZE 30 int ** mkmatrix ( int rows , int cols ) { int i , j , count = 1 ; int **m = ( int **) malloc ( rows * sizeof ( int * ) ) ; for ( i=0 ; i<rows ; i++) { m[ i ] = ( int *) malloc ( cols * sizeof ( int ) ) ; for ( j=0 ; j< cols ; j++ ) { m [ i ] [ j ] = count ++ ; } } return ( m ) ; } void zeromatrix ( int rows , int cols , int **m ) { int i , j ; for ( i=0 ; i<rows ; i++ ) for ( j=0 ; j< cols ; j++ ) m[ i ] [ j ] = 0 ; } void freematrix ( int rows , int **m ) { while ( - - rows > - 1 ) { free ( m[ rows ] ) ; } free( m ) ; } int ** mmult ( int rows , int cols , int ** m1 , int ** m2 , int ** m3 ) { int i , j , k , val ; for ( i=0 ; i<rows ; i++ ) { for ( j=0 ; j< cols ; j++ ) { val = 0 ; for ( k=0 ; k< cols ; k++ ) { val += m 1 [ i ] [ k ] * m 2 [ k ] [j ] ; } m3 [ i ] [ j ] = val ; } } return ( m3 ) ; } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { int i , n = ( ( argc == 2 ) ? atoi( argv [ 1 ] ) : 1 ) ; int ** m1 = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; int ** m2 = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; int ** mm = mkmatrix ( SIZE , SIZE ) ; for ( i=0 ; i< n ; i++ ) { mm = mmult ( SIZE , SIZE , m1 , m2 , mm ) ; } cout << mm [ 0 ] [ 0 ] << " " << mm [ 2 ] [ 3 ] << " " << mm [ 3 ] [ 2 ] << " " << mm [ 4 ] [ 4 ] << endl ; freematrix ( SIZE , m1 ) ; freematrix ( SIZE , m2 ) ; freematrix ( SIZE , mm ) ; return ( 0 ) ; }
matrix.vpascal
Ukraine 's Pneumonic Plague : A New Strain of Flu Many Times More Lethal Than H1N1
SARS , Avian Flu , and Swine flu appear to have been just trials for deadlier killers such as the current pneumonic plague which is likely another weaponized strain similar to H1N1 .
Perhaps the pneumonic plague itself is another trial for something more lethal .
There are many questions that have yet to be addressed .
How did this virus spread so quickly ?
Why are the actual numbers not being reported ?
What has changed in the H1N1 virus to cause this plague or is it a completely new virus ?
Who is benefiting from the hype or reality of the situation ?
The statistics being reported by the Ukrainian government are very misleading .
The reported cases have doubled in two days .
According to the latest updates , there are 478,456 Influenza / ARI cases , 24,003 have been hospitalized , 60 on ventilators and 81 deaths , although the actual figures may be exponentially higher .
With the so - called Mexican Swine Flu , we saw the gross ineffectiveness of national governments and the World Health Organization in preventing the spread of A / H1N1 , which is a mild virus .
This new lab produced virus is a certainly a killer and we can likely expect it to spread throughout the world in the next few weeks or months .
The mainstream media seems to be collectively timing the release of this information for some opportune moment .
The World Health Organization ( WHO ) recently confirmed that the A / H1N1 virus showed no signs of mutating , or becoming more virulent .
Which leaves little alternative but to conclude that the virus is either a random mutation , proving the WHO wrong , or that it has been a newly released bio - weapon possibly courtesy of Baxter International .
The pneumonic plague has an acute course than other forms , over and is accompanied by a very high mortality rate .
The incubation period of primary pneumonic plague rarely exceeds more than 1 - 4 days .
It begins , as a rule , suddenly - with shivering , fever , headache , myalgia , weakness , nausea .
The symptoms of pneumonia - cough with phlegm , chest pain , shortness of breath - usually appear on the second day of the disease .
Blood spitting , growing respiratory disorders , heart failure , respiratory failure , shock are being observed .
In primary pneumonic plague phlegm usually is watery or mucinous , foamy , with blood or visibly bloody .
It can be caused in two ways : primary , which results from the inhalation of aerosolised plague bacteria , or secondary , when septicemic plague spreads into lung tissue from the bloodstream .
Pneumonic plague is not exclusively vector - borne like bubonic plague ; instead it can be spread from person to person .
There have been cases of pneumonic plague resulting from the dissection or handling of contaminated animal tissue .
This is one type of the formerly known Black Plague .
It could kill 90 % 100 % of a population if the victims coughed and passed on the bacteria .
A secondary pneumonic plague occurs as interstitial pneumonia .
Phlegm is scanty and more dense and viscous than in primary pulmonary plague .
It is believed that in this regard , patients are less contagious .
The explosion of cases again raises concerns that the number of fatalities is significantly higher than the 81 listed .
Media reports have described an equal number of pneumonia fatalities which were not considered flu related .
The basis of these exclusions remains unclear .
Similarly , anecdotal reports suggest the number of fatalities is markedly higher than the 81 in the government tables .
The rapid rise in reported infections , hospitalizations , and deaths in the past few days raise concerns that the virus is transmitting very efficiently .
Spikes in cases have been reported throughout the northern hemisphere , but the spike in fatalities and the frequency in hemorrhagic cases in Ukraine have raised concerns .
Ministry of Health has not established the exact diagnosis of the epidemic disease in the western regions of Ukraine .
Health Minister Vasyl Knyazevich has given information about spread of diseases in the Ternopil , Ivano - Frankivsk and Lviv Regions today at the meeting of Cabinet of Ministers .
Answering question of Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko about the definition of the specific nature of the disease , the head of the Ministry of Health said : " The nature of infections is viral one .
But at the moment it is not defined , is it the Californian influenza H1N1 , or it is our seasonal influenza .
To date , there is no precise diagnosis . "
Reports from a few days ago indicated that Ukraine has shut down its schools , universities and cinemas , and banned public gatherings including concerts , movies etc. for the foreseeable future .
They have also mobilized military with quarantine units .
There is currently a national tightening of borders around the country
We could be seeing something of monumental importance happening in the Ukraine .
An advanced biological genetically engineered killer virus has been released .
Some infectious disease experts are asserting that this virus is not A / H1N1 although it may or may not have some of  Swine Flu genetic material in it .
It is typically behaving like a hemorrhagic fever in the lungs turning them into mush and killing the patient .
Some reports from the Ukraine are indicating that figures may will be over 1000 deaths , but the numbers are not being released by the government until confirmations are made .
Moreover , the virus could have the potential to recombine with those being vaccinated to create a plague that could potentially kill more than 1 million people globally per month .
Alexander S. Jones , formerly of the National Institute of Health feels strongly that a change may have been made to the hemoglutanin gene with possibly other gene changes on the virus .
He stated in an audio interview with Dr. Ott ( featured below ) , that this new flu strain " seems to be 10 times as lethal as the original " H1N1 virus .
A WHO press release expected by tomorrow should reveal gene sequences from analysis of tissue from fatalities , which should confirm this theory or lead us in a totally different direction .
Dr. Ott 's interview with Alexander S. Jones :
Speculations Surrounding Ukraine Plague
Part 1
Part 2
Email with any reports or comments regarding the flu pandemic in your area .
More articles in the Flu Pandemic Archive
“ The only way I can regain credit for my early work is to die , ” Kurt Vonnegut once said , sounding more amused than worried about it .
Ever the realist , ever the stoic , ever the cynic , Vonnegut got how the lit game works .
Reputations soar , tumble into the trash and rise mysteriously again .
The good news is that quality tells in the end ; and so here we are , 2 1/ 2 years after Vonnegut ’s death , celebrating new books and handsome reprints by a man who , by the time he passed on , had been a part of the liberal furniture for so long ( “ counter - culture icon , ” proclaimed the New York Times obituary ) it was possible to forget he ’d done a life sentence at the typewriter , fighting his suicidal tendency and instead making magic happen .
Vonnegut started publishing in the early 1950s and , in 1969 , came out with “ Slaughterhouse - Five , ” recently reissued by Dial Press -- along with “ Sirens of Titan , ” “ Mother Night ” and “ Galapagos , ” all $ 15 -- a miracle book that both distilled everything its writer knew and caught the wave of America ’s damaged , deranged Vietnam - era mood .
The worldwide splash made by “ Slaughterhouse - Five ” turned Vonnegut into a wealthy celebrity , and thereafter it came to seem that everything he ’d written before had been a kind of preparation , while what he wrote after merely drifted in that book ’s wake .
That judgment is true in a way and yet totally unfair -- a very Vonnegutian formulation -- although “ Slaughterhouse - Five ” does remain central .
On Feb. 13 , 1945 , a firestorm created by Allied bombers destroyed the city of Dresden , a beautiful ( but German ) city of no military value .
Estimates of how many people died vary between 40,000 and 135,000 , depending on what color of historian you read .
Either way , the raid snuffed out plenty .
And Vonnegut -- then a young infantry scout who ’d been captured during the Battle of the Bulge -- was being kept prisoner in Dresden that night , locked deep underground in a slaughterhouse among the cooled cadavers of pigs and cows .
He emerged to see the aftermath of the snuffing and , with his fellow prisoners , was handed the job of bringing out the dead .
“ They were loaded on wagons and taken to parks , large open areas in the city that were n’t filled with rubble .
The Germans got funeral pyres going , burning the bodies to keep them from stinking and from spreading disease .
One hundred and thirty thousand corpses were hidden underground .
It was a terribly elaborate Easter egg hunt , ” he told the Paris Review .
Vonnegut had witnessed the unimaginable , or , as he characteristically put it , “ I saw something very fancy . ”
For years , through the late 1950s and early 1960s , he told his friends and students ( Vonnegut taught for a few crucial years at the Iowa Writer ’s Workshop , mentoring John Irving , among others ) that he was working on his “ Dresden book . ”
Shades of World War II linger behind the antics of the superb “ Cat ’s Cradle ” ( 1963 ) with its “ Church of God the Utterly Indifferent . ”
In the yet earlier , “ Mother Night ” ( 1961 ) , Vonnegut attempted the apparently impossible , to write a funny book about Nazism , and he described “ artifacts characteristic of fire storms : seeming pieces of charred firewood two or three feet long -- ridiculously small human beings , or jumbo fried grasshoppers , if you will . ”
The image makes us laugh while succeeding in its ambition to be both shocking and sad .
Yet Vonnegut ’s ambition and gift only sparked together to produce “ Slaughterhouse - Five ” when he released himself and realized at last that the “ Dresden book ” did n’t have to be categorically different from what he ’d already been doing .
The novel ’s first chapter is pretty much autobiographical , assuring us that all this happened , “ more or less . ”
But as the English critic John Sutherland has noted , between “ more ” and “ less ” is where fiction happens , and the narrative that follows combines history , science fiction , satire , subtle moralizing and goofy Vonnegut mantras such as “ Po - too - weet ” and the famous “ So it goes . ”
“ Slaughterhouse - Five ” does n’t blend these elements but switches between them with a speed that almost but not quite defies the reader ’s brain as it tries to follow .
The plot device that enables this magician ’s shell game is time - travel .
The book ’s hero , Billy Pilgrim , is either crazy or spastic in time , with no control over where he ’s going next .
One moment he ’s in Ilium , N.Y. , running his successful optometry business .
The next he’s on the distant planet of Tralfamadore , snatched by aliens and kept in a zoo where he mates with the beautiful earthling movie star Montana Wildhack .
Then he ’s lost with his army comrades in the frozen forests of the Ardennes , wishing he could die , that he could just turn to steam and float up among the treetops : “ Somewhere the big dog barked again .
With the help of fear and echoes and winter silences , that dog had a voice like a big bronze gong . ”
Among many other things , “ Slaughterhouse - Five ” is a book about the difficulties of trying to write “ Slaughterhouse - Five . ”
Vonnegut , being Vonnegut , was determined to make the result as easy as eating ice cream .
He was always on the reader ’s side , a stance that , as his career went along through many books , some excellent ( “ Breakfast of Champions , ” “ Galapagos ” ) , others fractured and not - so - good ( “ Deadeye Dick , ” “ Timequake ” ) , made him easy meat for critics while being admired and adopted by the many practicing writers who have proclaimed his influence , among them Irving , Jonathan Safran - Foer and Haruki Murakami .
Vonnegut ’s mixed - tone thumbprint is all over the work of the Coen Brothers , for example , and Martin Amis riffed an entire novel , “ Time ’s Arrow , ” out of the famous page in which Billy Pilgrim imagines a bombing raid in reverse , making “ everything and everybody as good as new . ”
Vonnegut not only resides in the pantheon -- he ’s helped create a whole other one .
He was a much more literary writer than many care to give him credit for , and sadder too .
He came from a family of suicides and himself danced around the idea of self - slaughter .
In his work we laugh at all the capering while we sense the darkness that lies beyond it .
For Vonnegut that “ big dog ” was always barking .
Of Mark Twain , one of his literary heroes , he wrote : “ He denounced the planet as a crock .
He died . ”
Vonnegut never lost his fondness for American dottiness , for the insurance and stock salesmen who staff his early stories , for the whack - job religions and alternate science systems that pop up in his later ones , for deluded and dangerous historians , for oddball inventors , for guys who try and fail to fix vacuum cleaners , and for tyrannical , or indeed benevolent , millionaires .
His subjects were pain , human folly and indifferent providence , yet he nursed these themes with slapstick and a sense of sadness that could edge toward beauty .
Here ’s Billy Pilgrim , back on Earth , seeing a magazine cover that has a question -- What became of Montana Wildhack ? -- on its cover : “ So Billy read it .
He knew where Montana Wildhack really was , of course .
She was back on Tralfamadore , taking care of the baby , but the magazine , which was called Midnight Pussycats , promised that she was wearing a cement overcoat under thirty fathoms of saltwater in San Pedro Bay . ”
Vonnegut ’s invented magazine -- Midnight Pussycats (! ) -- is hilarious , inspired , yet the underlying , off - kilter effect that the passage invites us to feel is both somber and tender .
Is Billy really just insane and dreaming about his other life on a distant planet ?
Vonnegut never lets on .
The clown was a poet .
Rayner is the author of many books , including “ A Bright and Guilty Place . ” Paperback Writers appears at www.latimes.com/books.
It 's not everyday that you get to ride bikes in a big metropolis with a member of Congress , even one who loves to bicycle whenever he can .
Rep. Earl Blumenauer dropped by Transportation Alternatives ' offices to take a quick excursion around mid-town with Executive Director , Paul Steely White , and Senior Policy Director , Noah Budnick .
They checked out a few standard ( painted ) bike lanes and some of the newer ( physically separated ) facilities , of which the latter Mr. Blumenauer thought were superior .
Along the way he offered much commentary about the state of biking and livable streets in the nation .
With a new , Congressional transportation bill due to percolate to the surface sometime in the near future , Mr. Blumenauer believes the next decade will be the one when we can finally achieve some balance for pedestrians , bikes , and livable streets .
For the sake of our planet , our health , and the green growth of our cities - cheers to that .
< blockquote class= " speaker_1_text " > < cite class= " speaker_1 " > Man :</cite > [ 0:00 ]
We are touring New York City with Congressman Earl Blumenauer , a hero to anyone in the United Stats who wants to make cities more livable , more bike - able , more walkable , and it's a pleasure to have him in the big city today . [ 0:13 ]
We 're showing him bike facilities we love and those that we think should be improved .
This is Sixth Avenue , which most cyclists would probably agree is not the ideal bike - lane scenario .
No protection from traffic and very narrow .
</p><p>[ music ] </blockquote > < blockquote class= " speaker_2_text " > < cite class= " speaker_2 " > Congressman Earl Blumenauer :</ cite > [ 0:40 ]
Riding , coming up here , even though it was a bike lane , it was pretty grim .
But as soon as we turned and started down here , changes completely .
There 's a better sense of safety and security , opportunities to ride two or three abreast , to be able to converse , and it feels different in terms of experiencing what 's going on on the street .
It also seems to me that we are adding to a sense of comfort for pedestrians , because we pedestrians benefit from this , and it naturally slows traffic . [ 1:17 ]
New York is kind of the center of the universe of America , for centuries .
It 's nice to see New York coming back with a new era of cycling and pedestrian access .
</ blockquote > < blockquote class=" speaker_1_text " > < cite class= " speaker_1 " > Man :</cite > [ 1:33 ]
Earl 's been coming to New York more frequently lately .
And I think the reason is that he loves to ride his bike , and New York is becoming more bike - friendly , virtually by the day .
We started , at Transportation Alternatives , years ago , aspiring to be Portland , looking to Portland for all these great best practices .
And now we 're to the point in New York where Portland , I think , is actually borrowing from us somewhat , or we 're certainly peers now .
</ blockquote > < blockquote class= " speaker_3_text " > < cite class= " speaker_3 " > Congressman Blumenauer :</ cite > [ 1:56 ]
It is fascinating watching the emergence of this movement around the country .
There was a time when it was college towns and maybe an outlier like Portland .
But now what you 're seeing in New York , Chicago , Los Angeles , Washington , DC , this is a national movement that 's taking hold , and cities , large and small , are getting into it .
</ blockquote > < blockquote class=" speaker_1_text " > < cite class= " speaker_1 " > Man :</cite > [ 2:22 ]
Earl needs no real introduction .
But you all know of the wonderful work he did in Portland , when he was a counselor , and then , of course , with the US House of Representatives , one of the key people who steered US transportation policy in the right direction .
</ blockquote > < blockquote class= " speaker_3_text " > < cite class= " speaker_3 " > Congressman Blumenauer :</ cite > [ 2:35 ]
For most of America , New York is our second city .
I grew up in the Northwest , right ?
But I grew up actually watching New York on television , following New York in sports , movies .
And so your efforts here , I think , are really having a profound effect on showing that you can take these principles and take them anywhere , and you 're doing so in a way that 's extraordinarily sophisticated .
And you now have a city administration that is worthy of the advocacy group . [ music ] </blockquote > < blockquote class= " speaker_3_text " > < cite class= " speaker_3 " > Congressman Blumenauer :</ cite > [ 3:08 ]
The advocates for safe routes to schools , for bike and pedestrian activity , for complete streets , for livability , are gaining traction , and members of Congress are hearing about it from people at home .
The new administration is geared up , and I think this is the decade that it 's all going to come together .
</ blockquote > < blockquote class=" speaker_1_text " > < cite class= " speaker_1 " > Man :</cite > [ 3:30 ]
The tide is turning !
In fact , the tide has already turned .
I think it 's just a matter of how quickly we reshape our cities .
And with Earl 's help , I think we can go much faster here in New York , and all cities can .
This next big transportation bill 's going to be very important .
Will there be enough money in that bill for bicycling and pedestrian facilities ?
We hope the answer 's yes .
</ blockquote > < br/><br/>
People voluntarily amend and update information on Wikipedia
Online encyclopaedia Wikipedia " lost " 49,000 of its volunteer editors in the first three months of 2009 , University research suggests .
The figure compares with a loss of 4,900 over the same period in 2008 .
The encyclopaedia - style website encourages editorial changes from everybody who comes to the site .
Wikimedia UK , a chapter of the organisation that operates Wikipedia , has denied that it means the site is struggling .
It says that it is seeking more expert contributors .
" We 're trying to engage a bit more at the moment with people who are very knowledgeable , people who are experts , so working with museums was the obvious next step , " said Michael Peel of Wikimedia UK .
This is a project that is suffering plenty of growing pains
Rory Cellan- Jones
Technology correspondent
Read Rory 's thoughts in full
" Wikipedia is definitely not dying .
It 's freely licensed which means that content that has been added will be there forever , " he added in an interview with The Times newspaper .
The research was carried out by Felipe Ortega , from the Universidad Rey Juan Carlos in Madrid .
Mr Ortega said that if the downward trend continued it could spell problems for the site .
" If the negative trend is maintained for too much time , say one or two years , eventually the project could enter a problematic phase , " he said .
Is it too bad to say that I would actually like to live in a post - Apocalypse New York ?
I mean one without flesh - eating zombies or people killing each other for a bag of rotten Cheetos .
One like this :
Click to see the full resolution image
Created by Studio Lindfors , these images show scenes of New York and Tokyo after massive floods caused by climate change .
Never did the end of the world as we know it look so dreamy and romantic .
I can only hope that Al Gore keeps flying around the world in his private jet , because I can't wait to go down Broadway in a gondola , singing in the rain .
[ Studio Lindfors and Flickr via Bldgblog ]
In a major speech this week , Viviane Reding , the European Commissioner in charge of " Information Society and Media , " talked some serious smack about the US .
She claimed that network neutrality was better in Europe — thanks to " pro-competitive EU regulation " that curbstomps the preferred " deregulatory " approach in the US .
Reding also made the issue personal , telling Europeans that she plans to be " Europe 's first line of defense whenever if comes to real threats to net neutrality . "
Reading was speaking at a conference in Brussels on " The Future of the Internet and Europe 's Digital Agenda , " and she opened her Tuesday remarks with a bang .
After waxing eloquent about the wonders of the Internet and it's continued massive growth rates , Reading made a powerful statement about the European Commission 's stance on network neutrality .
" Prioritizing some traffic means restricting the rest , and it will be essential to remain vigilant as regards the impact this has on competition , " she said .
" The European commission attaches high importance to preserving the open and neutral character of the net in Europe , in the interest of fair competition and tangible consumer benefits . "
And not only is the Commission solidly behind the idea of a neutral net , but it believes that Europe is already doing better in this area than the US .
" In general , consumers and service providers in Europe seem to be in a relatively good position overall with regard to net neutrality , compared to the situation in the US where the debate is just really starting now , " Reding added .
" This is because European consumers generally have , thanks to pro-competitive EU regulation , a greater choice of competing broadband service providers available to them than US consumers under the strongly deregulated US telecoms market . "
There 's a new sheriff in town Brussels
She 's referring largely to rules requiring telco incumbents to open their lines to other ISPs at regulated rates , a move which has ensured multiple DSL providers across large parts of Europe .
While European regulators have not generally laid down rules about what " neutrality " should mean , the operating idea here is that they wo n't need to so long as competition exists in the market .
Harmful , " non-neutral " behavior can be addressed by switching to another provider .
This approach has its own problems ; switching costs for both DSL and wireless services can be high in terms of money , time , and effort , and that sort of market friction can keep people locked in with non-neutral providers .
Reding even gives an example of this in her speech .
Although Europe has plenty of wireless operators , she noted that " blocking or discrimination of Voice over IP services by mobile operators in several countries " continues to exist .
The Telecoms Package , a major set of reforms to the sector that had been under consideration since 2007 , looks set to pass into law soon , and it will direct national regulators to " safeguard the openness of the Internet " in cases where " competitive forces alone are not enough . "
But if national regulators fail to take action under the new directive , Reding makes clear that the Commission itself is willing to intervene .
When it comes to VoIP over wireless devices , in particular , Reding announced her willingness to stop the practice .
Despite the alleged awesomeness of neutral networks in Europe , Reding closed her remarks on the topic by noting that the situation can change quickly .
If it does so , she 's prepared to strap on a badge and gun and stand up for neutrality herself ; " I plan to become Europe 's first line of defense whenever it comes to real threats to net neutrality . "
If it sounds like she and FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski are both operating from a similar playbook , it should .
Genachowski has already called for neutrality principles that would govern both wired and wireless networks .
Just this week , FCC pressure apparently forced AT&T's hand , as the wireless giant suddenly reversed course and allowed VoIP applications to run across its wireless network — the very behavior Reding wants to encourage .
But the American context is different , and Genachowski is n't ( yet , anyway ) calling for more line - sharing regulations .
What 's interesting about Reding 's remarks is the way she reframes the debate over regulation and competition , two things often seen in the US as existing in opposition .
To Reding , though , the right sort of ground rules are actually pro-competitive and can do a better job than widespread deregulation at keeping markets vibrant .
This is a response to Vjack ’s post .
I am atheist in part because of the way my brain was wired before birth .
Being born dyslectic ; ( my little “ gift , ” from fucking “ god ” ) I struggled for many years before I was ably to master language .
Reading and writing was another challenge .
In my perception of written text , there ’s a 3ed dimension , one of depth .
The corner of the letters rises up from the page , and sometime totally reverses ; ( this is why , most folks with dyslexia reverse text letters , when writing ) .
One can only learn to overcome this , through critical thought , and reasoning .
My world is one of either - or , true - false , off - on , and so on .
Albert Einstein fully exploited this condition , which also allows one to do math both forwards and backwards ; and because of this perceived added dimension , he was able to both visualize and conceptualize , both space and time , and even model the structure of atoms in his mind .
Belief in god(s ) and religion requires one to totally discard logical thought ; and replace logic and reasoning with blind faith , superstition , and ignorance .
As a consequence of my little “ gift ” from “ god , ” I apply this same level of reasoning , and critical thought , to everything else in my life .
If I even started to entertain the truth of a woman being created from a man ’s rib , or a baby jesus being born of a virgin , or a “ god , ” who plays more fucking games with his subjects , than a Las Vegas blackjack dealer ; ( I would have to totally discard everything , I ’ve learned through math and science about the real world ) my whole word would quickly fall a part , and the next day , I ’d probably be sporting a Palin for president bumper - sticker , on my car .
In the end , it was a Kiwi- born actor , Jay Laga'aia , who nominated the 1934 Australian children 's song Kookaburra Sits in the Old Gum Tree and collected the points .
His turn as a Play School presenter had stood him in good stead , but even he required prompting .
At the CBD headquarters of Larrikin Music Publishing , managing director Norman Lurie had never noticed it either .
But when he got a call from a friend the following day , his ears pricked up .
Larrikin had owned the rights to Kookaburra since the 1980s when it bought them for $ 6100 from the family of its late composer , Toorak School teacher Marion Sinclair .
It was Lurie 's job to find examples of its unauthorised use .
'' That 's what my life has become since 1990 , '' he said last week .
'' Trawling through songbooks and places where it appeared .
It 's so difficult unless you are a publisher to know where your work is being used . ''
Two weeks after that Spicks and Specks episode , a flurry of legal letters arrived at Sony BMG Music Entertainment and EMI Music Publishing pointing out the similarity to the owners of the Down Under record and the score .
A month after that , the Australasian Performing Right Association , which collects fees every time a song is played on the radio , at an event or by a covers band , was asked to suspend 50 per cent of its payments for Down Under .
An attempt to rewrite Australian music history had begun .
If successful , it would take some of the shine off Men At Work 's achievement in creating a No.1 song in Australia , the US and Britain , and reallocate some of the lucre it still generates through record sales , radio play , Qantas advertisements and films such as Finding Nemo and Kangaroo Jack .
It could also change the way Australian musicians go about writing music and recording it , according to some experts .
Almost two years later , the dispute came to a head in the Federal Court last week .
Larrikin and its lawyers , Simpsons Solicitors , called it a ' ' David and Goliath battle ' ' over the genesis of one of Australia 's favourite songs - our ' ' other national anthem ' ' , as one witness called it .
Four days of legal inquiry and musical demonstrations explored what it was that made the song so successful , whether the Kookaburra echo was identical or adapted , how often it was played and how often left out , and even whether footage of flautist Greg Ham sitting in a mangrove tree beside a koala was an obvious reference to the 1934 song 's full title or just the serendipitous result of a $ 6000 music video shot in the seaside suburb of Kurnell .
'' A tree is n't a natural place to play a flute , you would agree ? ''
Richard Lancaster , SC , asked Men at Work 's lead singer Colin Hay .
'' What is a natural place to play a flute ? '' came the reply .
For some , Larrikin 's suit will be seen as a brazen and opportunistic attempt to parlay the purchase - for a song - of a folk ditty into a 50 per cent share in one of biggest pop-rock hits ever penned in Australia .
But the law is the law , and the Copyright Act says you cannot reproduce a substantial part of another 's work and exploit it to make money without permission .
Larrikin says it was a clear exploitation - conscious or otherwise - of two out of four bars of Kookaburra , which Men at Work and their recording and publishing companies parlayed into a small fortune .
The melodies are identical , its lawyers argued , and Men at Work in fact used more than half of the earlier song in a qualitative sense because they borrowed the ' ' signature ' ' opening .
Hay and EMI Music Publishing say Kookaburra is such a short song that borrowing anything from it could be called a substantial part .
The key , harmony , structure and rhythm of Down Under 's famous riff changed the sound of it so much that nobody - not the band , Lurie , or even five out of six Spicks and Specks panellists - noticed it until someone turned it into a quiz show question this decade , their lawyers argued .
'' There is an obvious contradiction in the applicant 's case , '' David Catterns , QC , said .
Hay and flautist Greg Ham , who improvised the flute riff in rehearsals , deny they consciously copied anything .
They only realised the similarity sometime around 2002 , they said , after which Hay sang the opening words to Kookaburra at live gigs from time to time for a laugh .
Sony BMG , which owns the rights to the recording of Down Under , settled out of court with Larrikin before the hearing with EMI began .
The song 's co-writer Ron Strykert , who was reportedly arrested in California in February for making threats against Hay , did not defend the claim .
Hay 's affidavit said they no longer had much contact and the reasons were confidential .
'' I have no prospects of being able to ask Mr Strykert to appear in this case , '' he said .
But EMI and Hay are determined to fight to the end , even if it means appealing against Justice Peter Jacobson 's pending decision , sources said .
Justice Jacobson , who clearly enjoyed the volley of musical performances that echoed around his courtroom last week , must now decide if the unofficial anthem of Australia 's 1983 America 's Cup victory is an example of piracy or homage : a copyright infringement , or a fair use and adaptation in a ' ' robust ' ' music industry imagined by the drafters of Australia 's copyright laws .
The reuse of riffs is as old as rock 'n'roll .
And it 's a good thing , according to Martin Armiger , former member of the Sports and composer of music for The Secret Life of Us and Young Einstein .
The 1955 hit Louie Louie by Richard Berry became the template for hundreds of songs including the Troggs ' Wild Thing and the Beatles ' Twist and Shout , he pointed out in his expert evidence for Men at Work and EMI .
With the advent of digital sampling , sounds such as the infectious funk of James Brown 's rhythm section were widely borrowed until Brown 's record company began suing for it .
More recently , the easy availability of sound editing software has spawned a genre of '' mash - ups ' ' , where DJs overlay two very different hits to create a surprising new result , providing what Armiger called '' some of the more interesting ( if questionably legal ) music of our time ' ' .
But mashing aside , most of the samples or references we hear in today 's songs are the result of a negotiation between the creator and the adaptor .
Agreements range from free use to 100 per cent of royalties , and permission can be used as a negotiating tool .
The notoriously protective Madonna , for example , reportedly allowed Australian band the Avalanches to sample her song Holiday in the hope they would sign with her label .
Larrikin claims 40 to 60 per cent would have been a fair deal if the band had sought permission in 1979 , arguing Kookaburra was very well - known and Men at Work not so .
How much the writers , recorders and publishers of Down Under have made from it is yet to be investigated .
Asked if the money had been spent , Hay , who moved from Scotland to Melbourne as a teenager , replied with typical Scottish understatement : '' I tend to make a good dent in it . ''
'' There 's an old saying , ' Where there 's a hit , there 's a writ ' , '' says Professor Jill McKeough , dean of law at the University of Technology , Sydney and an intellectual property expert .
The courts have been reluctant to interpret copyright law too heavily against new works , she said , for fear of stymying creativity - but the music industry will be anxiously awaiting the outcome of this case .
'' It does create uncertainty about how people can reference other songs …
It means you can never have a thought or write a song without looking over your shoulder .
Musicians would have to start retro-fitting their songs with some kind of analysis . ''
McKeough said the protection of creative works had to be balanced by the knowledge that '' nothing is truly original , there are so many songs in the world ' ' .
Armiger was particularly anxious about the implications of a Larrikin win .
He wondered : '' What purpose is served by insisting on the rights of a dead composer against quotation , one who in her lifetime was n't at all protective of her copyrights , who gave her intellectual assets away for no charge and showed no inclination to profit materially from her inventions ? ''
BITTER SWEET HARVEST FOR INDIE HEROES
For the 1997 hit Bitter Sweet Symphony , the English band the Verve ( singer Richard Ashcroft ) signed over 50 per cent of profits from the song to the Rolling Stones in exchange for the right to use a sample from the 1965 recording of The Last Time .
When they used too much , the copyright owners sued and the Stones ended up receiving all royalties and writing credits .
Asked in 1999 if it was a fair result , the Stones guitarist Keith Richards said , '' I 'm out of whack here , this is serious lawyer shit .
If the Verve can write a better song , they can keep the money . ''
COLD HARD CASE OF BORROWED BASS
Vanilla Ice 's 1990 - and only - hit , Ice Ice Baby , borrowed the bass line from the 1981 song Under Pressure by Queen and David Bowie without permission or attribution .
The case never went to court , but Vanilla Ice reportedly reached a confidential settlement with Queen 's lead singer , Freddie Mercury , and Bowie .
They were later credited for their role in the creation of Ice Ice Baby .
A BEATLE CREATED SWEET JUSTICE WITH THIS SONG
The Beatles ' guitarist , George Harrison , above , paid an out - of - court settlement over his 1970 song My Sweet Lord , which a New York judge found had unconsciously infringed the copyright of the Chiffons in their 1963 hit He 's So Fine .
Harrison was so incensed at the way the court dissected his work that he wrote a song about it , called This Song .
In the music video , he played in a courtroom along with the session drummer , Jim Keltner , as the judge , and Ronnie Wood from the Rolling Stones , interjected with the words , '' Could be Sugar Pie , Honey Bunch .
No , sounds more like Rescue Me ! ' '
Proving a Computer Program's Correctness
This is interesting :
Professor Gernot Heiser , the John Lions Chair in Computer Science in the School of Computer Science and Engineering and a senior principal researcher with NICTA , said for the first time a team had been able to prove with mathematical rigour that an operating - system kernel — the code at the heart of any computer or microprocessor — was 100 per cent bug - free and therefore immune to crashes and failures .
Do n’t expect this to be practical any time soon :
Verifying the kernel — known as the seL4 microkernel — involved mathematically proving the correctness of about 7,500 lines of computer code in an project taking an average of six people more than five years .
That ’s 250 lines of code verified per man-year .
Both Linux and Windows have something like 50 million lines of code ; verifying that would take 200,000 man-years , assuming no increased complexity resulting from the increased complexity .
Clearly some efficiency improvements are required .
Posted on October 2 , 2009 at 7:01 AM • 91 Comments
The Orissa tribal empowerment and livelihoods programme is funded by the department for international development ( DFID ) and run in partnership with the state government of Orissa .
The project trained four women from a remote tribal village to be solar power engineers , and installed solar lighting in their village .
At the Microsoft Professional Developer ( PDC ) conference , Scott Guthrie announced the availability of Silverlight 4 Beta .
UPDATE ( March 2010 ) : Silverlight 4 RC made available !
Go read my updated post on what has changed after you read below about the core features .
WHAT ?!
That ’s right , we ’ve released an early beta of the next version of Silverlight .
It ’s really amazing to think what the team is accomplishing at the pace they are accomplishing it !
Silverlight 3 released just over 3 months ago and here we are with yet another release full of features that our community has been asking for .
This beta release is a developer release .
This means that this is a preview mostly for developers to understand the new features and continue to get feedback .
No “ end-user ” runtime is available for this release , nor is a “ go - live ” license for customers wishing to put their applications into production .
If you have questions on this , feel free to leave a comment here .
Enough blabbing , here ’s the goods .
WARNING : Long post ahead … but filled with information .
Download Silverlight 4 and tools
To be successful in your evaluation of Silverlight 4 you are going to need some tools .
Here ’s the link dump of everything :
These are the full set of tools to help you evaluate Silverlight 4 .
At a bare minimum for a developer you ’ll need / want Visual Studio 2010 and the Silverlight Tools for VS .
NOTE : When you install the Silverlight Tools for VS , you get the Windows developer runtime , the Silverlight 4 SDK and the Visual Studio tools / templates .
It is NOT necessary to install the SDK and developer runtimes again if you are using the tools installer .
The developer runtimes are provided for you to put on other developer test machines to help test your applications .
Additionally , RIA Services is also included in the Silverlight Tools for Visual Studio 2010 .
If you have a version of RIA Services already installed , you will need to uninstall it .
Go ahead and get the tools starting to download .
In the meantime , here ’s some other helpful information for you .
Silverlight 4 Resources
There are a few places for you to go to learn some things :
You should bookmark and subscribe to the above sites for constant updated Silverlight information .
What ’s new in Silverlight 4 – feature review
Okay , now on to the details .
Sit back , switch this post to your largest monitor , and grab a drink .
This is a long post intentionally to provide you with details to the framework .
In each area I ’ll be sure to point out if there are existing resources ( labs , videos , etc. ) for that specific feature and be as concise as I can as to be “ to the point ” about what it provides , what are the requirements and some sample code , where appropriate .
Here we go with the feature dump …
Tooling
With Visual Studio 2010 , we finally have our designer surface back for Silverlight !
Yes , you have an editable design surface for Silverlight … and actually this is n’t just limited to Silverlight 4… it is available for Silverlight 3 .
What is great about the Silverlight tools in VS2010 is that the databinding support is pretty rich in the designer surface as well .
Additionally , for WCF RIA Services , we have improved designer / editor support for using DomainSource classes as a Data Source in Visual Studio .
Be sure to grab VS2010 for all your development needs .
VS2010 allows for multi-targeting of Silverlight 3 and 4 applications .
Video : RIA Services Support in Visual Studio 2010
^ back to top
Printing API
One of the top - most requested features in Silverlight has been to enable some printing support from the Silverlight application client - side versus always having the developer do things server - side .
In Silverlight 4 we ’re providing a printing API that we believe to be extensible for the developer and provide you with a simple printing of a visual tree , or a highly extensible model to enable you to create a virtual visual tree to print for the end user directly from Silverlight .
Code sample :
1 : private void PrintAll_Click ( object sender , RoutedEventArgs e) 2 : { 3 : // instantiate a new PrintDocument 4 : PrintDocument docToPrint = new PrintDocument ( ) ; 5 : 6 : // set a friendly name for display in print queues 7 : docToPrint.DocumentName = " Entire Screen Sample " ; 8 : 9 : // wire up any starting code pre-printing ( i.e. , UI activity display ) 10 : docToPrint .
StartPrint += ( s , args ) =>
11 : { 12 : ActivityDisplay .
IsActive = true ; 13 : } ; 14 : 15 : // tell the API what to print 16 : docToPrint .
PrintPage += ( s , args ) => 17 : { 18 : args .
PageVisual = this .
StackOfStuff ; 19 : } ; 20 : 21 : // wire up any clean - up code pre-printing ( i.e. , UI activity display ) 22 : docToPrint .
EndPrint += ( s , args ) => 23 : { 24 : ActivityDisplay .
IsActive = false ; 25 : } ; 26 : 27 : // execute the print job 28 : docToPrint .
Print ( ) ; 29 : }
As you can see above , you can wire up pre- and post - print events for any type of preparation and clean - up code .
The PrintPage is the important area here where the developer would pass a UIElement to print .
This could be something that already exists in the visual tree , or something that is created virtually in - memory and not even added to the visual tree .
Video and Sample Code : Printing API Basics
^ back to top
Right - click event handling
Do you have an application that has a need for a context - style menu ( aka ‘ right click ’ menus ) ?
Well , in addition to the MouseLeftButtonUp / Down events , we now enable the MouseRightButtonUp / Down events for you to attach to and handle .
This enables the developer to take control over what you ’d like to do when those events occur .
This can be from handling simple commands for gaming ( i.e. , a right click is a different interaction in the game than the left click ) or as well for providing context - style menus for additional functionality within the application .
Sample Code :
1 : public partial class MainPage : UserControl 2 : { 3 : public MainPage ( ) 4 : { 5 : InitializeComponent ( ) ; 6 : 7 : // wire up the event handlers for the event on a particular UIElement 8 : ChangingRectangle.MouseRightButtonDown += new MouseButtonEventHandler( RectangleContextDown ) ; 9 : ChangingRectangle.MouseRightButtonUp += new MouseButtonEventHandler( RectangleContextUp ) ; 10 : } 11 : 12 : void RectangleContextUp ( object sender , MouseButtonEventArgs e ) 13 : { 14 : // create custom context menu control and show it .
15 : ColorChangeContextMenu contextMenu = new ColorChangeContextMenu(ChangingRectangle ) ; 16 : contextMenu. Show(e.GetPosition ( LayoutRoot ) ) ; 17 : } 18 : 19 : void RectangleContextDown ( object sender , MouseButtonEventArgs e ) 20 : { 21 : // handle the event so the default context menu is hidden 22 : e. Handled = true ; 23 : } 24 : }
The sample above shows a snippet from implementing a context menu within the application .
The result of the above code looks like this :
As you can see , the event handling is simple and the flexibility exists for you , the developer , to choose what you want to happen functionally and visually when the right - click events occur .
Video and Sample Code : Right - click Mouse Events
^ back to top
Webcam and micrphone access
Need access to your user ’s attached ( or integrated ) web camera and / or microphone ?
You got it .
With a few simple lines of code you can request permission to your users to leverage their capture devices and then capture both the audio and video .
Sample code for requesting permission :
1 : // request user permission and display the capture 2 : if ( CaptureDeviceConfiguration.AllowedDeviceAccess || CaptureDeviceConfiguration.RequestDeviceAccess ( ) )
3 : { 4 : _captureSource .
Start ( ) ; 5 : }
Sample code for capturing the video :
1 : if ( _captureSource != null ) 2 : { 3 : _captureSource .
Stop ( ) ; // stop whatever device may be capturing 4 : 5 : // set the devices for the capture source 6 : _captureSource.VideoCaptureDevice = ( VideoCaptureDevice ) VideoSources.SelectedItem ; 7 : _captureSource.AudioCaptureDevice = ( AudioCaptureDevice ) AudioSources.SelectedItem ; 8 : 9 : // create the brush 10 : VideoBrush vidBrush = new VideoBrush ( ) ; 11 : vidBrush.SetSource(_captureSource ) ; 12 : WebcamCapture .
Fill = vidBrush ; // paint the brush on the rectangle 13 : 14 : // request user permission and display the capture 15 : if ( CaptureDeviceConfiguration.AllowedDeviceAccess || CaptureDeviceConfiguration.RequestDeviceAccess ( ) ) 16 : { 17 : _captureSource .
Start ( ) ; 18 : } 19 : }
We also provide a very simple API for enabling “ snapshot ” images from the webcam :
1 : private void TakeSnapshot_Click ( object sender , RoutedEventArgs e) 2 : { 3 : if ( _captureSource != null ) 4 : { 5 : // capture the current frame and add it to our observable collection 6 : _captureSource.AsyncCaptureImage(( snapImage ) => 7 : { 8 : _images .Add(snapImage ) ; 9 : } ) ; 10 : } 11 : }
I am interested to see how these webcam / microphone features are implemented in the wild by developers !
Video and Sample Code : Webcam and Microphone Support
^ back to top
Mouse wheel support
In previous versions of Silverlight , you had to rely on some helper classes from either DeepZoom or other sample sites to implement handling the mouse ’s scroll wheel functionality on things like ListBox , etc .
We ’re now providing APIs for you to handle MouseWheel events .
You can attach this event handler to other items as well ( not just ListBox ) .
Sample Code :
1 : // wire up the event 2 : myRectangle.MouseWheel += new MouseWheelEventHandler( RectangleZoom ) ; 3 : 4 : void RectangleZoom ( object sender , MouseWheelEventArgs e) 5 : { 6 : // do something here like alter the scale 7 : // MouseWheelEventArgs .
Delta gives you an int 8 : // of the amount changed in the scroll event 9 : }
So as you can see , you can easily wire - up the event handler for the MouseWheel event on a particular element and respond accordingly .
Video and Sample Code : Handling MouseWheel Events
^ back to top
RichTextArea control
One of the requested features has been to provide an editable text control that enabled rich text editing using common rich text changes like bold , italics , different sizes , etc .
Using the RichTextArea , you can now enable these types of editing areas in your application .
Here ’s an example of implementing the RichTextArea control :
Video and Sample Code : RichTextArea Control
^ back to top
ICommand support on ButtonBase and Hyperlink
To help support development patterns like the popular Model - View - ViewModel pattern , support for commanding infrastructures is now provided on ButtonBase and Hyperlink .
These exposed properties , Command and CommandParameter enable binding from a View to a ViewModel approach without the need for click event handlers in code behind files .
This helps aide the pattern of separation of concerns for the UI and code layers .
Sample Code :
1 : < UserControl.Resources > 2 : < local : ProductViewModel x:Key= " ViewModelContext " /> 3 : </UserControl.Resources >
4 : < Grid DataContext= " { StaticResource ViewModelContext} " Name= " LayoutRoot " >
5 : < TextBox x: Name= " CostThresholdFilter " /> 6 : < Button Content= " Load Products " Width= " 120 " 7 : Command= " { Binding FindMatching Products} " 8 : CommandParameter= " { Binding Path=Text , ElementName=CostThresholdFilter} " />
In this example above , the XAML binds the Button to an event , FindMatchingProducts , from the DataContext ( the “ ViewModelContext ” resource ) as well as providing the parameter , CostThresholdFilter , from another UIElement on the page .
For those implementing solutions using the MVVM pattern ( or other similar patterns ) , this added support for ICommand is a welcome addition !
Get those MVVM framework revisions working :-) .
^ back to top
Clipboard API
Prior to now , having a reliable method for providing contents that can be temporarily held in the machine ’s “ clipboard ” memory area involved an IE - only solution or introducing other platforms into your Silverlight application .
With the addition of the Clipboard API , you can now have a cross- platform mechanism in Silverlight to provide this facility for you .
Sample Code :
1 : Clipboard . SetText ( " Some text to save in the clipboard area " ) ;
This sample above shows setting some simple text to the Clipboard which could then be pasted to the Silverlight application , or to other applications the user is using as this is now in the machine ’s clipboard memory .
Video and Sample Code : Accessing the Global Clipboard Programmatically
^ back to top
Host HTML content using WebBrowser control
When you are working in the web world , you likely are dealing with HTML content in some area .
Especially if you are creating content - managed systems , sometimes that content is stored as HTML .
Enabling hosting HTML content in Silverlight is now possible by providing a simple WebBrowser control that will enable you to provide string - based HTML contents or navigate to a fully interactive URL .
Sample Code ( XAML ) :
1 : < WebBrowser x: Name= " MyBrowserControl " Width= " 800 " Height= " 600 " />
Sample Code ( C# ) :
1 : MyBrowserControl.NavigateToString ( " < div style='color:red ; width:100 ; height :100 '>< b> Tim Heuer</b></div > " ) ;
As an example , here ’s a Silverlight application hosting an embedded YouTube Flash video :
Hopefully this will be helpful in developing your Silverlight applications .
Additionally , you can also use the HtmlBrush to fill elements using HTML content .
Video and Sample Code : Hosting HTML Content in Silverlight
^ back to top
Elevated trust applications
One thing users have been asking for is to enable Silverlight out - of - browser ( OOB ) applications to have more privileges .
You can now alter the OOB manifest to request more elevated permissions for your application .
Using Visual Studio you can look at the project properties and enable the checkbox to add this request :
The result is that the OOB install dialog now looks a little different and warns the user of these elevated privileges :
See the next sections for things that you can do in OOB mode now while in a trusted application ( aka elevated mode ) .
It is important to note that this trusted application request still does not involve installing any additional runtime for the user … it is a part of the Silverlight 4 runtime – no additional download / framework would be required .
^ back to top
Access local files on user ’s machine
In order to read / write data to the user ’s machine , you normally have to do it through a mechanism like OpenFileDialog ( read ) and SaveFileDialog ( write ) .
In Silverlight 4 you can now have direct local file access to the users ’ " My ” folders in their profile .
These are things like MyDocuments , MyVideos , MyMusic , etc .
On OSX platform these map to the same user - level profile folders like /users / timheuer / Videos .
You use the Environment namespace to get the path locations for the operation you are wishing to do .
Sample Code :
1 : private void EnumerateFiles ( object sender , RoutedEventArgs e) 2 : { 3 : // create a collection to hold the file enumeration 4 : List < string > videosInFolder = new List < string >( ) ; 5 : 6 : // using the file api to enumerate 7 : // use the SpecialFolder API to get the users low trust " My Document " type folders 8 : var videos = Directory .EnumerateFiles( Environment.GetFolderPath( Environment.SpecialFolder.MyVideos ) ) ; 9 : 10 : // enumerate the folder 11 : foreach ( var item in videos ) 12 : { 13 : videosInFolder .
Add(item ) ; 14 : } 15 : 16 : // bind the data 17 : VideoFileListing .ItemsSource = videosInFolder ; 18 : }
This feature requires a trusted application ( elevated permissions ) .
Video and Sample Code : Local File Access
^ back to top
COM interoperability
Have you had the need to interoperate with device peripherals that only expose a COM interface ?
What about having your Silverlight application talk with Office applications ?
Using the ComAutomation Factory API , you can now have your Silverlight application instantiate and interact with COM applications on the Windows client .
Sample Code ( interacting with Excel ) :
1 : // create an instance of excel 2 : dynamic excel = ComAutomationFactory.CreateObject( " Excel. Application " ) ; 3 : 4 : excel .
Visible = true ; // make it visible to the user .
5 : 6 : // add a workbook to the instance 7 : dynamic workbook = excel.workbooks ; 8 : workbook .
Add( ) ; 9 : 10 : dynamic sheet = excel .
ActiveSheet ; // get the active sheet
This feature requires a trusted application ( elevated permissions ) .
Notice that this is done via the dynamic keyword in C# 4.0 .
One thing to also note that in the tooling you will not get IntelliSense support for your COM created objects .
Keep that documentation for that API handy !
Video and Sample Code : COM Object Access in Trusted Applications
^ back to top
Notification ( aka “ toast ” ) API
Ever want your application to provide a notification mechanism to the user ?
This is often referred to as “ toast ” where a subtle notification temporarily displays in the user ’s screen providing some information provided by the application .
Perhaps one of the more common uses of this is in mail applications , like Outlook , where new mail notifications pop-up message notification windows near the system tray in Windows .
By using the NotificationWindow in Silverlight , you can provide a simple or customized notification mechanism for your application .
Sample Code :
1 : private void CustomNotificationButton_Click ( object sender , RoutedEventArgs e) 2 : { 3 : // create the nofitication window API 4 : NotificationWindow notify = new NotificationWindow ( ) ; 5 : notify .
Height = 74 ; 6 : notify .
Width = 329 ; 7 : 8 : // creating the content to be in the window 9 : CustomNotification custom = new CustomNotification ( ) ; 10 : custom .
Header = " Sample Header " ; 11 : custom .
Text =
" Hey this is a better looking notification ! " ; 12 : custom .
Width = notify .
Width ; 13 : custom .
Height = notify .
Height ; 14 : 15 : // set the window content 16 : notify .
Content = custom ; 17 : 18 : // displaying the notification 19 : notify .
Show ( 4000 ) ; 20 : }
Here ’s an example of a styled NotificationWindow content :
Notifications can only be done in Silverlight out - of - browser applications , and are simple to implement in few lines of code .
Video and Sample Code : Notification Window API
^ back to top
Network authentication in web requests
At times , you may be interacting with 3rd party ( or perhaps your own ) services that require authentication information to be passed into the service call .
This authentication information may be different than the logged - on user ’s current information .
We have enabled providing NetworkCredential information via the ClientHttp networking stack that was introduced in Silverlight 3 .
For example , to pass a username / password ( basic auth ) to a service call using this method would be something like this :
1 : // NetworkCredential passing is available in ClientHttp networking stack 2 : WebRequest.RegisterPrefix ( " http:// " , System.Net.Browser.WebRequestCreator.ClientHttp ) ; 3 : 4 : WebClient myService = new WebClient( ) ; 5 : myService .
Credentials = new NetworkCredential( " someusername " , " somepassword " ) ; 6 : myService .
UseDefaultCredentials = false ; // must be set to false if providing your own credentials 7 : myService.DownloadStringCompleted += new DownloadStringCompletedEventHandler( OnResultCompleted ) ; 8 : myService.DownloadStringAsync( new Uri( http://somewebsite.com/authenticatedservice
Note that we first register the prefix to use the ClientHttp networking stack .
The second thing to note is that in WebClient , you still must specify UseDefaultCredentials = ” false ” even though you are providing new credentials .
If you do n’t , the default credentials will still be used .
Video and Sample Code : Network Authentication in Web Requests
^ back to top
Cross -domain Networking changes
One of the more significant changes to cross - domain networking comes when you have a trusted application .
For services that have a closed cross-domain policy file ( via clientaccesspolicy.xml or crossdomain.xml ) , if your application is a trusted application ( elevated permissions ) , then the requirement for a cross - domain policy file is no longer required .
This only applies to trusted applications .
Video and Sample Code : Network Cross - domain Request in Trusted Application
^ back to top
Full keyboard access in full screen
If you are developing kiosk applications or other Silverlight applications that run in full - screen mode ( IsFullScreen= ” true ” ) , you have noticed that only a limited set of keyboard input was enabled .
In Silverlight 4 trusted applications , any application in full - screen mode can have full keyboard input for things like TextBox or other input controls .
This only applies to trusted applications .
^ back to top
TextTrimming
The TextBlock control has a new property called TextTrimming that enables you to use the WordElipse trimming value .
When the property is set , any text exceeding the visible limit of the control will be truncated and an ellipsis will be displayed to the user indicating more content .
Sample Code :
1 : < TextBlock HorizontalAlignment = " Left " VerticalAlignment = " Top " 2 : Text = " The quick brown fox jumped over the tall white fence " 3 : TextTrimming = " WordEllipsis " Width = " 120 " />
Sample Output :
^ back to top
ViewBox control
As items in the Silverlight Toolkit mature in the codebase , these controls move into the core for Silverlight .
In this release , ViewBox has reached that level and is now provided in the core .
A ViewBox is a container control that aims to help constrain the contents of the ViewBox to a specific size or area and automatically handle scaling , etc .
Video and Sample Code : Using the ViewBox Control
^ back to top
Bi-directional and complext text , Right - to - left support in controls
If you are writing an application that requires right - to - left ( RTL ) support in either text and / or controls , a new attribute for UIElement is now provided for you .
The FlowDirection attribute can be applied to represent the element in RTL format .
Sample Code :
1 : < StackPanel HorizontalAlignment= " Center " VerticalAlignment= " Center " x : Name= " ControlSamples " > 2 : < TextBlock FlowDirection= " LeftToRight " Foreground= " White " Text= " BiDi and RTL Sample " FontSize= " 20 " Margin= " 20 " />
3 : < RichTextArea TextWrapping= " Wrap " Width= " 600 " Height= " 150 " ></RichTextArea >
4 : < TextBlock FontSize= " 24 " Foreground= " White " Text = " قفز الثعلب البني السريع فوق الكلب الكسول . " /> 5 : < ListBox > 6 : < ListBox .
Items > 7 : < ListBoxItem Content= " قفز الثعلب البني السريع فوق الكلب الكسول . " />
8 : < ListBoxItem Content= " Option 1 " /> 9 : < ListBoxItem Content= " Option 2 " /> 10 : < ListBoxItem Content= " Option 3 " /> 11 : < ListBoxItem Content= " Option 4 " /> 12 : </ListBox .
Items > 13 : </ListBox > 14 : </StackPanel >
This can be applied to a higher level in the visual tree and gets automatically applied to child levels .
Video and Sample Code : BiDi and Right - to - left Support
^ back to top
Offline DRM for media playback
The next major wave of PlayReady innovation being built into Silverlight focuses on meeting the top media customer ask for the Silverlight DRM client – support for Offline scenarios .
The three key business models targeted for this release of the Silverlight DRM client are Rental , Subscription , and Purchase .
The Silverlight PlayReady ecosystem has several features that are valuable for these business models .
^ back to top
H.264 protected content via PlayReady
PlayReady content protection for Silverlight and VC - 1 encoded media has already proven to be a reliable and seamless experience to the user .
With Silverlight 4 , this content protection is extended to H.264 encoded media assets .
^ back to top
Using Silverlight application as a drop target from your desktop
For some scenarios , you may have wanted to be able to drag a file from your desktop or file explorer on to your Silverlight application .
By enabling the AllowDrop attribute on UIElement in this release , you can now accommodate those scenarios .
Sample Code :
1 : public MainPage ( ) 2 : { 3 : InitializeComponent ( ) ; 4 : Loaded += new RoutedEventHandler( MainPage_Loaded ) ; 5 : 6 : // wire up the various Drop events 7 : InstallButton .
Drop += new DragEventHandler( InstallButton_Drop ) ; 8 : InstallButton .
DragOver += new DragEventHandler( InstallButton_DragOver ) ; 9 : InstallButton .
DragEnter += new DragEventHandler( InstallButton_DragEnter ) ; 10 : InstallButton .
DragLeave += new DragEventHandler( InstallButton_DragLeave ) ; 11 : } 12 : 13 : 14 : void InstallButton_Drop ( object sender , DragEventArgs e ) 15 : { 16 : IDataObject foo = e.Data ; // do something with data 17 : }
This will be most helpful in file upload applications .
Video and Sample Code : Using Silverlight as a Drop Target
^ back to top
IDataErrorInfo and asynchronous validation
Silverlight adds the IDataErrorInfo interface enables the reporting of validation errors that a user interface can bind to .
When an entity implements this interface and the entity is involved in a binding operation , it invokes the indexer to validate the properties .
The bound target properties in the UI will receive the error messages and display the validation states if the ValidatesOnDataErrors property is set to true .
IDataErrorInfo is limited to validating on a per property basis .
However , Silverlight 4 also adds the INotifyDataErrorInfo interface that allows validation across properties of an entity .
It also allows entity objects to enable notification of data errors in the UI .
INotifyDataErrorInfo allows developers to provide custom , asynchronous validation support to access server - side validation logic .
It exposes a HasErrors property to indicate if there are any errors and has a GetErrors method to retrieve the errors .
The ErrorsChanged event is raised when new errors are added .
If the binding property ValidatesOnNotifyDataErrors is set to true and the source object implements the interface , the binding engine in Silverlight will listen for the ErrorsChanged event .
Video and Sample Code : Data Validation
^ back to top
DependencyObject Binding
Silverlight introduces the ability to bind properties on a DependencyObject ( DO ) and not just on FrameworkElements .
For example , in Silverlight you can bind the rotation angle of a RotateTransform to a Slider control .
Sample Code :
1 : < Rectangle Width = " 100 " Height = " 100 " 2 : RenderTransformOrigin = " 0.5 , 0.5 " Background =" # FF2B6092 " > 3 : < Rectangle .
RenderTransform >
4 : < RotateTransform Angle =" {Binding ElementName=slider , Path=Value} " /> 5 : </ Rectangle .
RenderTransform > 6 : </ Rectangle >
7 : < Slider x : Name = " slider " Height = " 20 " Margin = " 0,225,0,55 " Minimum = " 0 " 8 : Maximum = " 360 " />
This is a highly requested data binding enhancement that should be useful to designers and developers .
^ back to top
StringFormat , TargetNullValue , FallbackValue
If you ’ve ever done databinding in XAML using simple things like currency , dates , etc. then you have likely created a ValueConverter .
While for simple things it is not difficult , it was often a tedious and repetitive task .
StringFormat is now available to you for a simpler solution for XAML databinding and formatting the output .
Sample Code :
1 : < TextBox Text =" {Binding Path=PublishedDate , Mode=OneWay , StringFormat= ' MM-dd- yyyy'} " />
Additionally , you can also specify Fallback and TargetNull values in your binding syntax :
1 : < TextBox Text =" {Binding Path=SomeBindingValue , Mode=TwoWay , FallbackValue=N/ A} " />
2 : < TextBox Text =" {Binding Path=QuantityOnHand , Mode=TwoWay , TargetNullValue=0} " />
The FallbackValue displays a value when the binding operation is unsuccessful , where the TargetNullValue helps provide a value when the result of the binding value is NULL .
^ back to top
Managed Extensibility Framework ( MEF )
This release of Silverlight 4 brings support for the Managed Extensibility Framework ( MEF ) in the SDK .
This is far to important of a topic ( and too broad of a topic ) to cover in a simple paragraph .
Take a look at Glenn Block ’s session at PDC ( when available ) for an in - depth look at this support for MEF in Silverlight .
^ back to top
DataGrid enhancements
DataGrid is a commonly used control for building line - of - business applications .
Over time , the DataGrid has continually undergone improvement and this release is no different .
Take a look at the video for the improvements in the DataGrid control .
Video and Sample Code : DataGrid Improvements
^ back to top
Fluid user interface support
In order to support more fluid user interface experiences , new states have been added to ItemsControl .
These new states : BeforeLoaded , Loaded and Unloaded help animate the transition of contents between states in an ItemsControl and provide a more interactive and “ fluid ” experience to the user .
^ back to top
Implicit theming for controls
Silverlight 4 introduces new styling features that allow you to create a style as a resource that can be used implicitly by all elements of a target type .
This allows application developers to customize the look across multiple instances of a control and modify the appearance of these control instances by changing the implicit style .
Sample Code :
1 : < UserControl .Resources >
2 : < Style TargetType = " Button " >
3 : < Setter Property = " Foreground " Value = " Red " />
4 : < Setter Property = " FontSize " Value = " 24 " />
5 : </ Style > 6 : </ UserControl .
Resources >
Would result in any < Button > element having a FontSize of 24 and red foreground text .
^ back to top
Google Chrome support
As browser markets evolve , so must we .
During this release cycle we will be officially providing support for the Google Chrome browser .
To date , Silverlight has generally worked in Chrome , but we ’ll be adding Chrome to our official test / support matrix with this release .
We ’ve had a working communication group with Chrome to ensure that any questions we ’ve had to make sure Silverlight runs well within Chrome are answered .
^ back to top
Summary and Feedback
So there you have it .
Some new toys to play around with .
What do you think ?
Please be sure that if you find any issues or compatibility with existing compiled Silverlight applications that you report them in the forum for Silverlight 4 beta .
There are a few other items in the build , so be sure to read the Silverlight 4 Beta information as well as the what ’s new documentation and breaking changes documentation provided .
I ’m very excited about this release and hope you are as well .
I ca n’t wait to see what you guys and gals do with these new features !
Random Stuff Sent From Your Fax Machine Fax something interesting toll free to 1-855-330-1239 or 1-213-294-2943
More than 250,000 faxes displayed since 2005 .
To the right are pages that folks have faxed us recently .
Click any thumbnail to see the large version and rate it for interestingness .
You can fax something interesting to 1-855-330-1239
( It 's a toll - free number if you 're in the USA . ) or 1-213-294-2943 ( long distance to Los Angeles , California ) and it should appear here within a couple of minutes .
( your boss will never notice ... maybe )
Keep it clean & legal .
Fax single - page documents with no cover sheet .
If you fax more than one page , only the last page will appear here .
We try to snip off the top few pixels of the page where your company name and fax number should appear , but make no promises that this will actually work .
Privacy Policy .
We hate spam and junk faxes , and will absolutely not send you any unsolicited e-mail or faxes .
We wo n't share your information with marketers or anyone else .
Federal prosecutors in Los Angeles have filed a notice that they do not intend to pursue an appeal in the Lori Drew cyberbullying case , thus ending the controversial and lengthy case .
" We have a notice with the 9th Circuit that we are withdrawing our notice of appeal in the case , " a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's office in Los Angeles wrote in an e-mail to Threat Level .
A judge threw out the government 's case against Drew in July and acquitted her of three misdemeanor counts .
Drew was convicted last November on three counts of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act for using a fake MySpace account to harass a teenage girl who committed suicide .
But Assistant U.S. Attorney Mark Krause filed a notice in September in the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , indicating that the government might appeal ( . pdf ) the judge 's ruling .
The government 's filing this week puts an end to Drew 's nearly two - year legal battle in the criminal courts .
It 's unclear if she might still face a civil lawsuit filed by the family of the dead girl .
An attorney for Drew did not respond to a call for comment .
The federal prosecution of Drew relied on a controversial reading of the federal hacking law – essentially prosecuting Drew for violating MySpace 's terms of service by not being truthful in an online profile .
But U.S. District Judge George
Wu said the government ’s theory was unconstitutional .
Letting that interpretation stand would ultimately have given prosecutors the power to criminally prosecute anyone for violating a website ’s terms of service , Wu reasoned , and “ would convert a multitude of otherwise innocent internet users into misdemeanant criminals . ”
Drew and two others created a fake MySpace account to harass 13 - year - old Megan Meier , who later committed suicide .
Federal prosecutors got involved after local authorities could not find a way to bring charges .
Drew was initially charged with three felony counts of violating the CFAA and one count of felony conspiracy to violate the statute .
A jury convicted her instead of lesser misdemeanor charges on the first three counts and deadlocked on the conspiracy charge .
Prosecutors said at the time they were n't sure whether they 'd attempt to retry Drew on the fourth charge .
But the U.S. Attorney spokesman told Threat Level on Friday that the government would not pursue a retrial on that charge .
" This will be the end of the case , " said Mrozek .
Orin Kerr , a former Justice Department prosecutor who now teaches law at George Washington University , had planned to work on Drew 's defense if the government pursued an appeal .
Kerr was the first to report the news on his blog that the government had decided not to pursue an appeal .
" The case should have never been filed , and it was a stretch from the beginning , " he told Threat Level .
Photo : Lori Drew
Associated Press photo
See also :
You do n't charge the search engines to send people to articles on your site , you pay them .
If you can't make money from attention , you should do something else for a living .
Charging money for attention gets you neither money nor attention .
I wish President Obama would have said to Congress : Members of Congress , I ask you to address our fiscal emergency .
In 1964 , President Johnson won a landslide victory — quite similar to mine .
His election also brought liberals into Congress .
The next year , they created the first government - run health care plan : Medicare .
They meant well , but unfortunately , this was the height of fiscal irresponsibility .
I know Medicare is popular with the elderly .
Of course it is .
Everyone likes getting free things .
But it is unsustainable .
Retirees believe that their Medicare bills are paid from a " trust fund " that was created with deductions from their paychecks .
But this is a politician 's lie .
In truth , our predecessors spent every penny of those contributions immediately .
They spent them on wars and pork that helped them get re-elected .
The money for current retirees ' health care is taken from today 's workers .
This Ponzi scheme worked for a while .
But then more people had the nerve to live longer .
The average life span increased from 71 to 78 years .
When Medicare began , there were five workers for every Medicare recipient .
Now there are only four .
And by 2030 , the Board of Medicare Trustees expects there to be just 2.4 .
Unless millions of new young workers suddenly arrive from some other planet , there is no way that there will be enough workers to pay the Medicare benefits that we politicians have promised .
Medicare 's unfunded liability is $ 37 trillion — yes , trillion .
It 's a scam .
We politicians should be ashamed of what we promised our constituents .
We locked up Bernie Madoff for less .
Therefore , today I apologize for defending the absurd health care bills that have emerged from your committees — proposals that would add trillions of dollars of additional debt to an already unsustainable system .
Instead , I propose that we raise the Medicare eligibility age .
I propose that wealthy seniors receive Medicare only until they recover as much money as they paid in .
After that , you rich people should pay for your own damn health care .
These measures will delay but not prevent Medicare 's bankruptcy .
You Democrats and Republicans both better get your heads out of the sand .
There will never be enough tax money to pay for everything that everyone wants .
If we expect the state to pay for care , a bureaucracy must tell people , at some age , " No , you can't have that . "
You might call it a death panel .
There 's a better way .
I remind you of my speech to business leaders in March .
I said , " America 's free market has been the engine of America 's great progress . …
And I believe that our role as lawmakers is not to disparage wealth , but to expand its reach ; not to stifle the market , but to strengthen its ability to unleash the creativity and innovation that still makes this nation the envy of the world . "
Only the vitality of the private sector — a truly free one , unencumbered by the crippling stranglehold of burdensome government regulation — can lift America out of the unsustainable mess that we liberals created .
Therefore , I propose complete deregulation of medicine and health insurance .
State mandates raise the cost of insurance by forcing people to have coverage many would never buy on their own .
The federal government reinforces this crazy system by forbidding competition across state lines .
Meanwhile , professional licensing and controls on medical schools keep the supply of medical services limited and prices high .
That must end , along with restrictions on Health Savings Accounts .
A free medical market would bring lower prices and better services .
The price of insurance would come down with the price of care .
The only way to avoid Medicare 's collapse is to get retired people onto private insurance plans that they pay for themselves .
Since many on fixed incomes would have trouble buying even inexpensive insurance .
I propose we sell off the 507 million acres that the federal government owns and give the proceeds to the oldest and most needy .
Then we must free younger workers from the albatross of Medicare so they can save for whatever medical services they choose , now and in retirement .
Yes , my liberal friends , free enterprise is the way .
John Stossel is co-anchor of ABC News ' 20/20 and the author of Myth , Lies , and Downright Stupidity .
He has a blog at http://blogs.abcnews.com/johnstossel.
COPYRIGHT 2009 BY JFS PRODUCTIONS , INC .
DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS.COM
LONDON , U.K. —
On the eve of the 30th anniversary of the takeover of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran , jumpy Iranian authorities declared they had broken up two new plots aimed at destabilizing the Islamic Republic .
Five “ terrorists ” were detained as part of a plot to assassinate a prominent Iranian political figure , the news agency ISNA reported quoting Intelligence Ministry sources , who blamed the CIA .
The high - profile regime official was targeted twice , according to the report — once in August during the parliament ’s swearing - in ceremony and again in the past week — in a move intended to “ create conflicts among different political factions . ”
The second alleged plot was foiled when security forces arrested three people linked to a royalist group .
They were planning on setting off bombs targeting the U.S. , British and Russian embassies , under cover of tomorrow ’s regime - organized protest , “ to foster insecurity and terror , ” according to the conservative Javan online news agency .
The Iranian government is nervous about the continuing post-election unrest that started after the disputed June 12 presidential elections and is now rumbling into a fifth month .
And maybe it has reason to worry , as a prominent exile has called for the restoration of the monarchy and one source reports that exiles have been smuggling arms into Iran from Turkey .
Last month , Iran experienced its largest single military loss of life since the conclusion in 1989 of the eight - year Iran - Iraq war when an explosion in Iran ’s restive Balochestan province killed more than 30 members of the Revolutionary Guard , including several top officials .
The Iranian government blamed the Baloch separatist group Jundollah and alleged that it receives U.S. support .
Thousands of people have been arrested in the past months of unrest and five men condemned to death in a series of mass televised trials condemned as show trials by the opposition .
Royalist groups have been particularly targeted , with four of the men condemned to death for purportedly belonging to a royalist group called the Iran Monarchy Committee that advocates restoring the Pahlavi dynasty overthrown by the 1979 Islamic Revolution .
The arrests , imprisonments , death sentences and reports of widespread torture and rape have cowed a usually argumentative society .
One Iranian university professor contacted in Tehran refused to comment , explaining that “ I have been banned from speaking to foreign media . ”
Royalist groups may be increasing their mobilization in response to a call by Reza Pahlavi , the son of the deposed Shah , to “ come together inside and outside Iran in support of the higher ideals of secular democracy , majority rule and respect for human rights . ”
An Iranian speaking to GlobalPost in Ankara told how a royalist exile had described stockpiling light automatic arms in Turkey ’s capital city .
The weapons were recently funnelled into Iran through the Kurdish and Azeri smuggling networks , he said .
The individual believed the weapons were sent in to take advantage of the ongoing political turmoil in Iran and to compound domestic unrest .
“ He told me their house was packed with weapons up until a few days ago when they smuggled it into Iran , ” said the individual , who refused to disclose the royalists ' names for fear they would be targeted by Iranian agents in Turkey .
The government is clearly worried about the threat of arms being smuggled into Iran .
An Iranian govenrment spokesman announced last month that large quantities of weapons have been smuggled into the country since the June presidential elections .
Networks have sprung up away from the cities where the government ’s authority is weakest and in neighboring countries such as Armenia and northern Iraq to shelter political opponents of the regime on the run , according to several individuals in those remote areas .
“ Life actually does go on as normal but every now and again there is a crisis , ” said one 30 - year - old woman who asked that her name be withheld .
“ The opposition uses any occasion to get onto the streets . ”
Wednesday 's anniversary of the seizure of the U.S. Embassy in 1979 by radical student followers of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , the founder of the Islamic Republic , is one such date .
The government dubbed it Student Day in the 1980s , closing all schools and universities on the day to encourage pupils to shout anti-Western slogans before the abandoned building of the U.S. Embassy in central Tehran .
The opposition movement , spearheaded by presidential candidates Mohsen Karroubi and Mirhossein Mousavi , has fought back against a violently enforced ban on its supporters ’ public demonstrations by infiltrating regime - led demonstrations and shouting slogans against the government of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
“ I ’m a bit nervous about tomorrow to be honest , ” said Potkin Azarmehr , a London - based blogger and human rights activist who has organized some protests .
“ Many people will be at work and wo n’t be able to take time off .
If large numbers ca n’t turn up , it will be very demoralizing . ”
Opposition activists are discussing the possibility that the Iranian government has temporarily unblocked filtered internet sites such as Facebook and YouTube in order that it can trace users uploading films of protests shot on their mobile phones and arrest them .
Mohsen Sazegara , a former revolutionary who founded the Revolutionary Guard and is currently an exile in Washington , D.C. , has issued a video instructing demonstrators to form heavy traffic jams in front of military bases , link up in human chains and not accept dispersal by pro-regime forces .
“ It ’s going to be a crazy day tomorrow , ” said the 30 - year - old woman who did n't want to give her name .
“ I ’ve been trying to get a holiday from the office ( to join in the protests ) but my request was rejected . ”
A study carried out in Ivory Coast has shown that monkeys of a certain forest - dwelling species called Campbell 's monkeys emit six types of alert calls .
The primates combine these calls into long vocal sequences which allow them to convey messages about social cohesion or various dangers , including predation .
These results , obtained by researchers at the Ethologie Animale et Humaine research group ( CNRS / Université Rennes 1 ) , working with the universities of St Andrews in Scotland and Cocody - Abidjan in Ivory Coast , were published on the website of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The results reveal the most complex example of " proto - syntax " yet discovered in a non-human species .
For two years , at the Taï Monkey Project research station in the Taï national park in Ivory Coast , researchers studied the behavior of Campbell 's monkeys ( Cercopithecus campbelli campbelli ) .
These monkeys live in small groups of ten or so individuals , made up of an adult male , several adult females and their progeny .
Researchers from the Ethologie Animale et Humaine research group ( CNRS / Université de Rennes 1 ) , working with a psychologist and an ethologist from the universities of St Andrews in Scotland and Cocody - Abidjan in Ivory Coast , studied the loud calls of adult males , whose vocal repertory is very different from that of females .
They observed the vocal response of males to various disturbances of their environment , notably encounters with natural predators ( like the eagle and leopard ) .
They also carried out visual simulation experiments ( with stuffed leopards and eagles ) as well as acoustic experiments ( using a loud - speaker amplifying leopard or eagle calls and grunts ) suggesting the presence of these predators .
These experiments showed that males have a repertory of six types of alert calls ( Boom , Krak , Hok , Hok - oo , Krak - oo , Wak - oo ) but only rarely use them in isolation , preferring to produce long vocal sequences of an average of 25 successive calls ( each sequence being made up of 1 to 4 types of different calls ) .
Furthermore , Campbell 's monkeys combine calls in order to convey different messages .
By modifying a call sequence or the order of calls within a sequence , the messages are changed , and can relay precise information about the nature of the danger ( a falling tree , a predator ) , the type of predator ( eagle , leopard ) , how the predator was detected ( acoustically , visually ) but also about social events unrelated to predation ( gathering before the group moves to another site , an encounter with another group of the same species at territory boundaries ... ) .
This study shows the capacity of this monkey species for very complex vocal communication , both in the range of transmitted messages and in the techniques used to encode these messages .
The same team of researchers had previously shown that males used a suffix " oo " to duplicate the size of his vocal repertory ( which allowed them to produce the sounds Hok and Krak as well as Hok - oo and Krak - oo ) .
In this new study , the ethologists explain some of the rules that govern the semantic combinations of calls .
For example , Campbell 's monkeys can add a particular type of call to an existing sequence in order to make the message more precise or to alter it .
They can also combine sequences relaying different messages in order to convey a third message .
This ability to combine calls may have appeared during the monkeys ' evolution to compensate for limited vocal flexibility ( monkeys have less vocal flexibility than birds and cetaceans ) and provide a way to encode new messages .
This study shows a form of proto-syntax in this tree - dwelling monkey species which , as they live in a habitat with limited visibility , can only communicate vocally .
This study raises the question of the potential existence of precursors to human language in animal vocal communication .
Via Feministe .
On December 10th ( International Human Rights Day ) , Filipina activist Sass Rogando Sasot spoke passionately about transgender rights before an assembly of the United Nations .
Her speech , titled “ Reclaiming the Lucidity of Our Hearts ” , addresses the need for vastly improved acceptance , support and protection of transgender citizens worldwide .
Her entire presentation is very moving , but about 8 minutes into this clip , something shifts in Sasot ’s voice and delivery .
What began as an engaging speech swiftly transforms into something far more urgent , immediate , and beautiful :
Is our right to life , to dignified existence , to liberty , and pursuit of happiness subservient to gender norms ?
This does n’t need a complicated answer .
You want to be born , to live , and die with dignity – so do we !
You want the freedom to express the uniqueness of the life force within you – so do we !
You want to live with authenticity – so do we !
Now is the time that we realize that diversity does not diminish our humanity ; that respecting diversity does not make us less human ; that understanding and accepting our differences does not make us cruel .
And in fact , history has shown us that denying and rejecting human variability is the one that has lead us to inflict indignity upon indignity towards each other .
We are human beings of transgender experience .
We are your children , your partners , your friends , your siblings , your students , your teachers , your workers , your citizens .
Let our lives delight in the same freedom of expression that you enjoy as you manifest to the outside world your unique and graceful selves .
Mabuhay , Ms. Sasot .
Kinship .
The full transcript of her speech –reproduced at Rainbow Bloggers Phillipines with permission to repost– can be found below the jump .
Let me begin by expressing my warmest gratitude to the Permanent Missions to the United Nations of Argentina , Brazil , Croatia , France , the Netherlands , Norway and Sweden , and to the coalition of non-government organizations defending the rights of lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender people .
Thank you for making this event possible and for giving us this opportunity to contribute our voices to this ongoing conversation for change .
Our esteemed participants , beautiful beings , and profound expressions of this Universe , a warm , vibrant , and dignified afternoon to each and every one of you !
Burned at stake .
Strangled and hanged .
Raped and shot and stabbed to death .
Throats slashed .
Left to bleed to death .
These are just some of the ways transgender people were killed in different parts of the world , in different times in the history of humanity .
These are just the tip , the violent tip , of the iceberg of our suffering .
I can go on and on , reciting a litany of indignity upon indignity , but my time is not enough to name all the acts of atrocious cruelty that transgender people experience .
But what is the point of counting the dead bodies of our fellow human beings , of narrating how we suffer , and of opposing violence against us if we do n’t challenge the root of our oppression ?
The sincerity of our intention to address the human rights violations against transgender people rests upon the depth of our appreciation of human diversity and the breadth of our understanding of why transgender people suffer these indignities .
The root of our oppression is the belief that there is only one and only one way to be male or female .
And this starts from our birth .
Upon a quick look on our genitals , we are assigned into either male or female .
This declaration is more than just a statement of what ’s between our legs .
It is a prescription of how we should and must live our lives .
It is a dictation of what we should think about ourselves , the roles we should play , the clothes we should wear , the way we should move , and the people with whom we should have romantic or erotic relationships .
But the existence of people whose identities , bodies , and experiences do not conform to gender norms is a proof that this belief is wrong .
Nonetheless , even though the truth of human diversity is so evident and clear to us , we choose to hang on to our current beliefs about gender , a belief that rejects reality and forces people to live a lie .
This is the belief that leads to attacks on our physical and mental integrity , to different forms of discrimination against us , and to our social marginalization .
This is the belief that led to Joan of Arc to be burned at stake because she was cross-dressing .
This is the belief that motivated the rape and murder of Brandon Teena on December 31 , 1993 .
This is the belief that led to the stabbing to death of Ebru Soykan , a prominent transgender human rights activist in Turkey , on March 10 , 2009 .
This is the belief that led to the arrest of 67 Filipino workers in Saudi Arabia for cross - dressing in June this year .
This is the belief that keeps the list of transgender people being harassed , killed , and violated growing year after year .
And it is very unfortunate that our legal systems , religions , and cultures are being used to justify , glorify , and sanctify the violent expressions of this belief .
So we question :
Is human life less precious than this belief ?
Is our right to life , to dignified existence , to liberty , and pursuit of happiness subservient to gender norms ?
This does n’t need a complicated answer .
You want to be born , to live , and die with dignity – so do we !
You want the freedom to express the uniqueness of the life force within you – so do we !
You want to live with authenticity – so do we !
Now is the time that we realize that diversity does not diminish our humanity ; that respecting diversity does not make us less human ; that understanding and accepting our differences does not make us cruel .
And in fact , history has shown us that denying and rejecting human variability is the one that has lead us to inflict indignity upon indignity towards each other .
We are human beings of transgender experience .
We are your children , your partners , your friends , your siblings , your students , your teachers , your workers , your citizens .
Let our lives delight in the same freedom of expression that you enjoy as you manifest to the outside world your unique and graceful selves .
Let us live together in the fertile ground of our common humanity for this is the ground where religion is not a motivation to hate but a way to appreciate the profound beauty and mysteries of life ;
for this is the ground where laws are not tools to eliminate those who are different from us but are there to facilitate our harmonious relationship with each other ;
for this is the ground where culture is not a channel to express the brutality of our limited perception but a means to express the nobility of our souls ;
for this is the ground where the promise of the universality of human rights can be fulfilled !
And we will be in this ground if we let the sanity of our desires , the tenacity of our compassion , and above all , the lucidity of our hearts to reign in our lives .
Thank you !
We have just released an experimental extension for Firefox that adds XMPP interactions to the Mozilla browser .
OneWeb Firefox extension is a good exemple of Firefox hackability and shows how XMPP integration in the browser can bring value for real - time web interactions .
XMPP stands for eXtensible Messaging and Presence Protocol .
The protocol is mostly known as an Instant Messaging protocol , but it has actually been designed as a generic messaging protocol that can do much more that chat .
OneWeb Firefox extension demonstrates a small part of what you can do when you integrate XMPP by design into the browser behaviour .
Note that this is an early alpha version developed in a few days to demonstrate our purpose .
There is still room for many improvements and contributions are of course welcome .
Description
OneWeb alpha version is able to do the following :
It gives an interface to interact remotely with your opened Firefox browser .
You can interact with opened Firefox from another browser running OneWeb or from an XMPP instant messaging client ( supporting adhoc commands ) .
You can thus control your Firefox browser from your desktop or even from a mobile device .
remotely with your opened Firefox browser .
You can interact with opened Firefox from another browser running OneWeb or from an XMPP instant messaging client ( supporting adhoc commands ) .
You can thus control your Firefox browser from your desktop or even from a mobile device .
It gives a way to share and broadcast your favorite pages with your contact on your XMPP account .
Simply click “ Share page ” in contextual menu and a shared bookmark will be created , distributed to your contact and notified by their OneWeb plugin .
and your favorite pages with your contact on your XMPP account .
Simply click “ Share page ” in contextual menu and a shared bookmark will be created , distributed to your contact and notified by their OneWeb plugin .
It can synchronize your bookmarks with your other Firefox browsers .
This feature is experimental .
Backup your bookmark before installing OneWeb on your Firefox .
Video
Download
The module can be downloaded from ProcessOne Labs .
Code source is available on ProcessOne Labs .
You need an XMPP account to test this software but you can get a development XMPP account for free on our XMPP Sandbox .
Update :
We recommand you to use the XMPP Sandbox for ease of use .
Your XMPP server needs supports for Pubsub and PEP which is not a common feature .
Interesting :
The researchers say they ’ve found a vulnerability in U.S. law enforcement wiretaps , if only theoretical , that would allow a surveillance target to thwart the authorities by launching what amounts to a denial - of - service ( DoS ) attack against the connection between the phone company switches and law enforcement .
[…]
The University of Pennsylvania researchers found the flaw after examining the telecommunication industry standard ANSI Standard J- STD - 025 , which addresses the transmission of wiretapped data from telecom switches to authorities , according to IDG News Service .
Under the 1994 Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act , or Calea , telecoms are required to design their network architecture to make it easy for authorities to tap calls transmitted over digitally switched phone networks .
But the researchers , who describe their findings in a paper , found that the standard allows for very little bandwidth for the transmission of data about phone calls , which can be overwhelmed in a DoS attack .
When a wiretap is enabled , the phone company ’s switch establishes a 64 - Kbps Call Data Channel to send data about the call to law enforcement .
That paltry channel can be flooded if a target of the wiretap sends dozens of simultaneous SMS messages or makes numerous VOIP phone calls “ without significant degradation of service to the targets ’ actual traffic . ”
As a result , the researchers say , law enforcement could lose records of whom a target called and when .
The attack could also prevent the content of calls from being accurately monitored or recorded .
Still , people appear to be extraordinarily altruistic , and not just within their own families .
Americans in particular are famously generous , donating about $ 300 billion a year to charity , more than 2 percent of the nation 's GDP .
Just think back to the last hurricane or earthquake that killed a lot of people , and recall how Good Samaritans rushed forward with their money and time .
But why ?
Economists have traditionally assumed that the typical person makes rational decisions in line with his own self - interest .
So why should this rational fellow -- Homo economicus , he is usually called -- give away some of his hard - earned cash to someone he does n't know in a place he can't pronounce in return for nothing more than a warm , fuzzy glow ?
Building on Gary Becker 's work , a new generation of economists decided it was time to understand altruism in the world at large .
But how ?
How can we know whether an act is altruistic or self - serving ?
If you help rebuild a neighbor 's barn , is it because you 're a moral person or because you know your own barn might burn down someday ?
When a donor gives millions to his alma mater , is it because he cares about the pursuit of knowledge or because he gets his name plastered on the football stadium ?
Sorting out such things in the real world is extremely hard .
While it is easy to observe actions , it is much harder to understand the intentions behind an action .
Laboratory experiments are of course a pillar of the physical sciences and have been since Galileo Galilei rolled a bronze ball down a length of wooden molding to test his theory of acceleration .
Economists , however , have never been as reliant on the lab .
Most of the problems they traditionally worry about -- the effect of tax increases , for instance , or the causes of inflation -- are difficult to capture there .
But over time , some economists came to believe that if the lab could unravel the scientific mysteries of the universe , surely it could help figure out something as benign as altruism .
These new experiments typically took the form of a game , run by college professors and played by their students .
One was called Dictator .
In this game , a small pool of money is divided between two people , but only one of them gets to decide how the money is divided .
( Thus the name : the " dictator " is the only player who matters . )
The original Dictator experiment went like this .
Annika was given
$ 20 and told she could split the money with some anonymous Zelda in one of two ways : ( 1 ) right down the middle , with each person getting $ 10 ; or ( 2 ) with Annika keeping $ 18 and giving Zelda just $ 2 .
I am a programmer and I think I can explain this bug .
Autofocus is probably choosing to sample the scene X times a second or something .
To do this , it would read the system clock to dtermine how much time has passed to see if it should take a new sample .
This clock would measure time in milliseconds , and the result here is probably stored in a long integer .
A long integer can have a value from −2,147,483,648 to 2,147,483,647 .
If you multiply 1000 milliseconds in a second , by 60 seconds in a minute , by 60 minutes in an hour by 24 hours in a day , you get 86400000 milliseconds in a day .
And if you then divide 2,147,483,647 by this , you get 24.85 .
The problem would likely occur when the millisecond timer goes negative .
Their algorithm probably can't handle that , and either fails to take several samples as needed , or takes too many too rapidly .
At least , that 's my best guess .
I can't see any other reason to use a timer , and the timeframe for the rollover there being so close to their quoted time seems too unlikely to be a coincidence .
Politico gossip monger Patrick Gavin notes that President Barack Obama , recently accused of Archie Bunkerism for not allowing lady staffers to slow down his basketball games , has broken a White House golf record :
President Barack Obama has only been in office for just over nine months , but he 's already hit the links as much as President Bush did in over two years .
CBS ' Mark Knoller — an unofficial documentarian and statistician of all things White House - related — wrote on his Twitter feed that , " Today — Obama ties Pres .
Bush in the number of rounds of golf played in office : 24 .
Took Bush 2 yrs & 10 months . "
This news comes on the heels of today 's news that Obama played golf with a woman — chief domestic policy adviser Melody Barnes — for the first time since taking office .
According to ABC News White House correspondent Jake Tapper , the administration fought charges of sports sexism this weekend by releasing a note to pool reporters : " OBAMA WRAPS UP FIRST GOLF GAME AS PRESIDENT INCLUDING WOMAN IN FOURSOME . "
It does n't much bother me that the president spends so much time on the links , but I wonder how Capitalism : A Love Story director and Obama sycophant Michael Moore feels :
Electronic Frontiers Australia today welcomed the release of the Government 's Internet filtering report but predicted that the debate is far from over .
" There are few surprises in this document , " said EFA spokesperson Colin Jacobs .
" Given the pilot 's modest goals , it was designed from the beginning to pass .
Although it may address some technical issues , what it leaves out is far more important - exactly what will be blocked , who will decide , and why is it being attempted in the first place ? "
The report found that generally , ISPs were able to block a government - provided blacklist of several thousand web sites without a major impact on service levels .
It also found that circumvention was trivial for motivated users , calling the effectiveness of the proposal into question .
The report indicated that there were costs associated with filtering , which would hit smaller ISPs the hardest .
The expected costs for Australian Internet users were not addressed in the report , nor were other alternatives such as increasing support for home - based filters .
Although several ISPs also tested filtering beyond the government blacklist , the report finds they were only 84 % accurate in the best case .
It 's not unexpected that the censorship proved technically possible .
EFA notes that , since the election , the government 's " cyber- safety " plan has shifted away from providing tools to shield minors on the web to a black list of " almost exclusively RC ( Refused Classification ) " content aimed at adults .
" The Government knows this plan will not help Australian kids , nor will it aid in the policing of prohibited material .
Given the problems in maintaining a secret blacklist and deciding what goes on it , we 're at a loss to explain the Minister 's enthusiasm for this proposal , " said Jacobs .
" We 'll be interested to see how the Internet service providers respond .
We know they are critical of having such intrusive Government interference in their networks , " he added .
Although the minister has hailed the pilot a success , many concerns about the proposal remain ignored .
Neither draft legislation nor a comprehensive policy document have yet been released to the Australian public , though legislation is expected in 2010 .
" Successful technology is n't necessarily successful policy .
We 're yet to hear a sensible explanation of what this policy is for , who it will help , and why it is worth spending so much taxpayers ' money on . "
– Ends –
Background :
About EFA :
Electronic Frontiers Australia Inc. ( EFA ) is a non-profit national
organisation representing Internet users concerned with on - line
rights and freedoms .
EFA was established in 1994 , is independent
of government and commerce , and is funded by membership subscriptions
and donations from individuals and organisations with an altruistic
interest in promoting online civil liberties .
Media Contacts :
Mr Colin Jacobs
EFA Vice - Chair
Phone : 0402 631 955
Email : cjacobs at efa.org.au
Mr Geordie Guy
EFA Board Member
Phone : 0415 797 142
Email : gguy at efa.org.au
‘ Medicare for all , ” is the rallying cry on ObamaCare from congressional Democrats , led by Brooklyn ’s Rep. Anthony Weiner , who insist the medical program for seniors proves that a single - payer system works , and works well .
Alas , it proves nothing of the sort .
Indeed , Weiner & Co. may want to check out the numbers in an explosive new federal report .
According to the survey , Washington paid more than $ 47 billion in questionable or fraudulent Medicare claims in FY 2009 — fully 12.4 percent of the $ 440 billion program ’s annual budget .
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services report says Medicare fraud for the first nine months of 2009 increased at a rate nearly triple the previous year .
Not that fraud is necessarily on the rise :
New methodology uncovered previously undisclosed improper payments — meaning that Medicare fraud likely has been rampant for years .
Moreover , according to Sen. Charles Grassley ( R - Iowa ) , federal watchdogs received 30 fraud warnings over the previous years from inspectors , including of organized crime scams and physician kickbacks — and simply ignored them .
None of this should surprise : Critics have been warning of widespread Medicare fraud for at least two decades .
Medicare ’s trustees have warned that the program ’s trust fund will be empty within a decade , because spending far outstrips the taxes that support it .
Even a proposal by the Department of Health and Human Services to root out Medicare fraud still sees an overpayment rate of 8 percent in 2012 — and that ’s if the program works exactly as planned .
Understanding how Medicare works , says Weiner , “ should help us visualize what an actual public plan [ under ObamaCare ] would look like . ”
Indeed it does .
Permítanme hablar de la revolución mexicana y escribirla sólo por esta vez con minúsculas .
No es falta de respeto , no .
Quiero simplemente tratarla con confianza , con cotidianeidad , con cercanía , con informalidad , sí con cierta irreverencia , quizá con normalidad .
Escribirla con minúsculas para cuestionarla , revisarla y ponerla en duda .
Acaso para guardarla para siempre en mi corazón , como parte de la historia de mi país y para evitar que siga siendo materia del discurso de políticos , objeto de pugna entre candidatos y material inagotado de debates parlamentarios .
Escribirla con minúsculas para guardarla de una buena vez , para sanarla , para dejarla a salvo .
Para cerrarla por fin .
Para concluirla .
Hablar de ella sin pasiones nacionalistas y tratarla con naturalidad , como un hecho histórico más : importante , relevante , humano , con aciertos y con errores , pero tan solo un hecho histórico más .
Una revolución que quizá les dice poco a los chicos de hoy , a los mexicanos de la transición y de la alternancia , que tal vez quieran el mismo México justo y de oportunidades que prometió la revolución , pero al que tal vez quieran acceder por el camino de la democracia .
Es claro que el uso de esta licencia no será fácil .
Lloverá el juicio de los ortodoxos .
Las críticas de los sumos sacerdotes de la revolución que verán que al escribirla con minúsculas se comete una especie de sacrilegio .
Como para algunos escribir dios con minúscula .
Y es que ahí están los que siguen escribiendo la revolución mexicana con mayúsculas , para usarla y para usufructuarla .
Para seguir en ella .
Para medrar con ella .
Muy probablemente los que más la citan son los que menos la conocen .
Los que más daño le hicieron .
Los que de tanto repetirla la han gastado , la han borrado y le han quitado sentido y contenido .
No será fácil pedir esta concesión cuando circulo todos los días por una gran avenida de la ciudad de México que se llama revolución , cuando la ciudad está llena de calles con nombres de héroes y plagada de monumentos revolucionarios , y cuando pago un café , con un nuevo billete de plástico de 100 pesos , con alguna errata , pero que conmemora , una vez más con mayúsculas , el centenario de la revolución mexicana .
Y es que el próximo 20 de noviembre , la revolución mexicana cumple 99 años .
Inician , de la mano del bicentenario de la independencia , los festejos del centenario de la revolución .
Se inflaman el patriotismo y el revisionismo .
Se inicia sin duda una temporada alta para conferenciantes e historiadores .
En espera de la gran gesta historiográfica que nos aguarda el año próximo , y ya con el 99 % del centenario de la revolución cumplido , solo quiero hacerme algunas preguntas y compartirlas con usted : ¿ Ya acabó la revolución mexicana ?
¿ Qué fue de ella ?
¿ Cuánto duró ?
¿ Cuándo acabó ?
¿ Y si ya acabó , por qué sigue siendo meta , bandera y discurso de partidos y grupos políticos ?
¿ Por qué subsisten los partidos revolucionarios ?
¿ Por qué aparecen Ejércitos zapatistas ?
¿ Por qué existen movimientos revolucionarios ?
¿ Acabó bien la revolución ?
¿ Logró su cometido ?
¿ Lo tenía ?
¿ Cuál es el saldo ?
¿ Fue una revolución exitosa ?
¿ Se agotó la revolución ?
¿ Se cansó ?
¿ Se gastó ?
¿ Por qué hay tanto nostálgico de la revolución ?
¿ Quedó algo pendiente ?
¿ Qué hacemos hoy con la revolución mexicana ?
En un país educado durante un siglo para idolatrar la revolución , es difícil hacerse muchas de estas preguntas .
La revolución mexicana es parte de una especie de tabú colectivo .
Cuestionarla y revisarla , a pesar de la alternancia , sigue siendo , en cierto sentido , algo políticamente incorrecto .
Es claro que tenemos dos revoluciones : Una es la revolución como hecho , el acontecimiento , el fenómeno en sí , y la otra , muy clara , es la revolución como narrativa , como cuento , como mito , como construcción ideológica y propagandística .
Cada una tiene su propia historia .
Una es la historia de los hechos , la otra es la historia de los cuentos .
Una es la historia de Zapata , y la otra la historia del zapatismo .
Por decirlo de alguna forma : una es la historia de Cristo y la otra es la historia de los evangelios .
La revolución como proceso histórico claramente terminó .
La revolución como narrativa , como mito y como aspiración , vive , está ahí y es algo presente .
Para los mexicanos la revolución se ha convertido en un proceso perpetuo , en una transición incompleta , en una agenda inconclusa , en una obra abandonada .
Quizá en consonancia con el monumento a la revolución en la ciudad de México , que es el rescate de una obra abandonada : ¿ Sabía usted que el actual monumento a la revolución en la ciudad de México , fue el resultado del abandono de la construcción de un nuevo palacio legislativo en tiempos de Porfirio Díaz ?
Que gran metáfora .
Acaso los mexicanos no atinamos a cerrar el ciclo de la revolución de una vez y para siempre , por que nos cuesta trabajo reconocer que en cierta forma fracasamos , que algo hicimos mal .
Tal vez no damos por concluida la revolución , porque sentimos culpa , porque tenemos vergüenza de cerrar una revolución social , con una cifra de más de más de 50 millones de mexicanos en condiciones reales de pobreza .
Quizá sentimos pena , al menos penita , al darnos cuenta de que hicimos todo un mitote revolucionario , en el que , al final , como en el cuento de Monterroso , cuando nos levantamos la pobreza y la desigualdad todavía estaban ahí .
Dice Peter Calvert , uno de los clásicos del estudio de las revoluciones , que la diferencia entre rebelión y revolución radica en su destino .
La diferencia es el triunfo .
La revolución gana .
La rebelión fracasa .
¿ Por qué hablamos de la revolución mexicana ?
¿ Quién ganó la revolución mexicana ?
¿ Los pobres ?
¿ Los obreros ?
¿ Los campesinos ?
¿ Por qué le seguimos llamamos revolución ?
Esta semana conmemoramos 99 años de una revolución fracasada en su más grande promesa .
99 años de una revolución usada , gastada y manoseada .
Una revolución plagada de adjetivos : un tiempo nacionalista , después constitucionalista , por tiempos agrarista , a ratos obrerista , un largo tiempo institucional y al cabo , hasta democrática .
Pero una revolución que no logró su más caro anhelo : acabar con la desigualdad .
Nunca tuvimos una sola revolución mexicana .
Tuvimos una narrativa que trató de resumir , de sintetizar y de explicar , muchas pequeñas rebeliones regionales y dispersas , en la idea , en el sueño de una gran revolución mexicana .
La revolución mexicana es una construcción intelectual ex post .
Pedazos de un rompecabezas para armar por intelectuales e historiadores .
Sus logros , que los tuvo y muchos , quedaron sepultados por la propaganda , por el afán de perpetuarse en el poder y por la corrupción .
Tuvimos una revolución que nunca lo fue del todo .
Una revolución que surge con todas las causas , y que no atinó a resolver completo ningún problema .
Tenemos una revolución mítica , que todo lo hacía y que todo lo podía .
Una revolución perpetua , inacabada , que perdió el rumbo y el proyecto .
Promesas incumplidas .
Deseos frustrados .
Modernidades interrumpidas .
La revolución mexicana se hizo conservadora y se perdió .
Todos los muertos de la revolución fueron a dar a una misma historia :
Los muertos en campaña , se unieron a los muertos en cantina y todos , hicieron al final profesión de fe revolucionaria , en los libros de texto y en los discursos políticos .
De todas maneras , todos son mis muertos .
Algunos poco gloriosos , cierto , pero mis muertos al fin .
Son mis ancestros .
Con sentido o sin sentido , con convicción o a la fuerza , mal o bien , todos forjaron de alguna forma mi país , son parte de eso que llamamos revolución , pero eso ya pasó .
Eso ya terminó .
Los pueblos superan etapas y ciclos históricos .
Me hago la última pregunta ¿los mexicanos hemos superado la etapa revolucionaria ?
Mi impresión es que no del todo .
La revolución sigue siendo instrumento y objeto de la propaganda política .
La revolución sigue siendo parte del presente , sigue siendo ruta y opción inconciente , para muchos mexicanos .
Tenemos que superar el ciclo , tenemos que cerrar el episodio .
Tenemos que concluir para siempre el mito revolucionario , y asumir de una vez por todas , el proyecto democrático .
Necesitamos apostarle a la democracia para buscar esa misma justicia .
Necesitamos abandonar la posibilidad de una ruta violenta y abrupta .
Dejar la idea de una revolución mágica y justiciera , y abrazar el gradualismo de un cambio basado en el trabajo y en el esfuerzo , que sabe transitar por la vía institucional y democrática , de la política y de los acuerdos .
Escribir con minúscula a la revolución mexicana , no la hace pequeña , la hace normal , la hace humana .
La convierte en lo que es , un episodio , un pasaje , una lección .
Nos permite pasar a lo que sigue , dar finalmente la vuelta a la página y concluir que , para bien y para mal : ya acabó la revolución mexicana ...
CHICAGO ( MarketWatch ) --
Job losses caused more Americans to fall behind on their mortgage payments in the third quarter , leading to a record 14.41 % of loans either in foreclosure or with at least one payment past due , the Mortgage Bankers Association 's chief economist said Thursday .
" Despite the recession ending in mid-summer , the decline in mortgage performance continues .
Job losses continue to increase and drive up delinquencies and foreclosures because mortgages are paid with paychecks , not percentage point increases in GDP , " said Jay Brinkmann , chief economist of the MBA , in a news release .
" Over the last year , we have seen the ranks of the unemployed increase by about 5.5 million people , increasing the number of seriously delinquent loans by almost 2 million loans and increasing the rate of new foreclosures from 1.07 % to 1.42 % . "
Delinquency and foreclosure rates are expected to continue worsening before improving , he said .
The employment picture is unlikely to improve until sometime next year , and even then jobs will grow at a slow pace .
" Perhaps more importantly , there is no reason to expect that when the economy begins to add more jobs , those jobs will be in areas with the biggest excess housing inventory and the highest delinquency rates , " he said .
About 4 million mortgage loans are 90 days or more past due or in foreclosure , Brinkmann said .
That compares with 3.9 million new and previously occupied homes now for sale , he said , adding that there is likely overlap between the numbers .
" The ultimate resolution of these seriously delinquent loans will put added pressure on the hardest - hit sections of the country , " he said .
The delinquency rate for mortgage loans on one - to four - unit residential properties rose to a seasonally adjusted 9.64 % of all loans outstanding at the end of the third quarter , up from 9.24 % in the second quarter and 6.99 % a year ago , according to the MBA 's quarterly delinquency survey , released Thursday .
That is the highest level of delinquencies on record , with data dating back to 1972 .
Also breaking a record was the percentage of loans in the foreclosure process :
At the end of the third quarter , that number was 4.47 % , up from 4.3 % in the second quarter and 2.97 % a year ago .
Foreclosure actions were started on 1.42 % of all mortgage loans outstanding at the end of the third quarter , up from 1.36 % in the second quarter and 1.07 % a year ago ; the rate of foreclosure starts also set a new record .
The MBA survey covers about 44.5 million one - to four - unit residential properties , representing about 85 % of all first - lien residential mortgages outstanding in the country .
Prime borrowers struggle
" Prime fixed - rate loans continue to represent the largest share of foreclosures started and the biggest driver of the increase in foreclosures , " Brinkmann said .
According to the survey results , 33 % of foreclosures started in the third quarter were on prime fixed - rate loans .
The problems seen with this loan type are generally tied to the steady climb in unemployment -- even if there is a delayed reaction after a job is lost .
With prime fixed - rate mortgages , " when someone loses a job , chances are they do n't go into default immediately " because these borrowers typically have reserves they can tap , he said .
But reserves wo n't last forever , and the borrower 's ability to keep that home depends on finding another job before his or her financial cushion runs out .
Also continuing to deteriorate is the performance of prime adjustable - rate mortgages , including pay - option ARMs , he said .
Brinkmann noted , however , that pay - option ARMs have had some of the highest modification rates .
Meanwhile , foreclosures started on subprime fixed - rate and subprime adjustable - rate loans actually decreased , he said .
Four states continue to drive up the national foreclosure rate : Florida , California , Arizona and Nevada had 43 % of all foreclosures started in the third quarter , down just slightly from 44 % the previous quarter , according to the report .
FHA loans falter
The foreclosure rate of loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration also increased in the third quarter , even though there also has been a large jump in the number of FHA loans outstanding , he said .
" The number of FHA loans outstanding has increased by about 1.1 million over the last year .
This increase in the denominator depresses the delinquency and foreclosure percentages .
If we assume these newly - originated loans are not the ones defaulting and remove the big denominator increase from the calculation results , the foreclosure rate would be 1.76 % rather than 1.31 % reported , " he said in the release .
The FHA has been dealing with losses in its capital reserve fund , due to problems with mortgages that originated before this year .
Read about changes the FHA is considering to manage risk .
But newly originated FHA loans are not likely to be at as much of risk as those made in previous years , Brinkmann said .
The new loans are likely of better quality , partly because seller - paid down - payment assistance is no longer available for FHA - backed mortgages ; the assistance has been blamed for contributing to some of the problems , he said .
Also , loans being originated today are being done at what is believed to be at or near the bottom of the home - price cycle , he added .
While home - price drops may still be ahead , they 're unlikely to be of the magnitude seen in the past , Brinkmann said .
And it 's possible that if , in fact , unemployment is nearing its peak , new borrowers today are more likely to hang on to their jobs -- and make their mortgage payments .
" Those with jobs now may be the most likely to keep their jobs , " he said in an interview .
Tony Blair and George W Bush had signed a " secret deal " to topple Saddam Hussein a year before the US and Britain invaded Iraq , a former high - ranking British diplomat has revealed .
According to Sir Christopher Meyer , UK's Ambassador to the US in the run-up to the Iraq War , an agreement to aim for " regime change " was reached between the then British Premier and President Bush during a private meeting at the latter 's Crawford ranch in April 2002 in the absence of their advisers .
" To this day I am not entirely clear what degree of convergence was , if you like , signed in blood at the Crawford ranch .
They were n't there to talk about containment or even strengthening sanctions , " ' The Times ' quoted him as saying .
In his deposition to the British inquiry into the Iraq War , Sir Christopher also said that Blair would have been more influential if he had attached more conditions to the British support to the US - led invasion .
" I think that would have changed the nature of American planning .
By the time you get to the end of the year it 's too late .
I did say to London that we were being taken for granted , " he said .
Sir Christopher 's claims came a day after the inquiry heard that Blair knew Saddam Hussein did not have weapons of mass destruction ten days before he ordered invasion of Iraq .
" I think on March 10 , get a report that chemical weapons might have remained disassembled and Saddam had n't yet ordered their assembly .
There was also a suggestion that Iraq might lack warheads capable of effective dispersal of agents , " Sir William Ehrman , the Foreign Office 's Director General of Defence and Intelligence at the time , said .
ALSO READ Islamists rally in Egypt ahead of referendum vote , 3 killed
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
The speed test shows broadband in a whole street
There are big variations between broadband speeds in the same street , a new broadband speed test has revealed .
The test , launched by comparison site Top 10 Broadband , allows users to zoom in on their postcode area to see what speed their neighbours net runs at .
It will be a wake - up call for internet service providers , thinks Alex Buttle , marketing director at Top 10 Broadband .
" One person at 1 M bps [ megabit per second ] could be next door to someone receiving 8.5 Mbps , " he said .
" We know that broadband speed will vary depending on things like distance from the exchange and the way the wiring and equipment in your house is set up but we do not believe this explains all of the variations we have seen between people in the same street , " said Mr Buttle .
" We think some of this may be due to outdated technology some providers use in their local exchanges , as well as the fact that some providers use traffic shaping or throttling at peak times while others do not , " he added .
The service , dubbed StreetStats , collects speed test data from users to build an interactive map .
More than 170,000 speed test results have so far been added to the map and the firm hopes to have two million by the end of the year .
Future plans
While many consumers remain focused on their current speeds , the debate about broadband has moved on to how quickly , how far , and at what cost next - generation speeds can be rolled out .
Entering this debate , Shadow Culture Secretary Jeremy
Hunt has said that a Conservative government would scrap the proposed broadband tax , which was intended to provide a fund for next - generation access in difficult - to - reach areas .
The £ 6 a year tax was aimed at every home with a fixed line phone .
Mr Hunt told the BBC that the Conservatives had a different vision of how to make sure superfast broadband was available across the UK .
" We 're saying that this is the wrong time to decide about how to fund comprehensive coverage when we have n't even got the infrastructure in place in the main areas , " he told the BBC .
" We accept that to make coverage comprehensive might need public funds at some stage but we need to look at other things too , such as the regulatory framework , " he added .
It could be that the UK follows France 's example and forces BT to open up its ducting to other parties , he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Is Saudi Arabia ready to play hardball with Iran ?
By John Hannah
Are the Saudis prepared to constrain oil prices to weaken Iran ?
It ’s an intriguing possibility that , if implemented , could have major implications for U.S. - led efforts to curb the Islamic Republic ’s nuclear program .
In no small part because of a weakening dollar , oil prices have risen for most of the past year from a low of close to $ 30 per barrel to around $ 82 per barrel last week .
But since then , prices have been slowly sliding back , dipping below $ 77 yesterday .
Most media attributed Thursday ’s decline to a report that U.S. oil inventories had increased higher than expected , and that U.S. consumers continued to reduce energy use in a still sluggish economy .
No doubt true .
But other factors have been at play as well .
Specifically , the near - record stockpiles of oil that currently exist not only in the United States , but across the developed world , have been made possible by the fact that OPEC has been increasing output at the fastest pace in two years .
Earlier this week , Bloomberg reported that the cartel has boosted production more than a million barrels a day since March — despite the worst global recession since World War II .
OPEC ’s largest producer , the Saudis , have helped lead the way , increasing exports four out of the past six months .
Saudi output has increased almost 300,000 barrels per day since earlier this year .
Overall OPEC production reached its highest level in 10 months in October .
The Saudis have said that $ 75 per barrel is an appropriate target price .
This week , a Saudi government advisor told the press that , at over $ 80 per barrel , prices had reached “ the high end of our range ” and any further rise could prompt the Kingdom to further tap its unused capacity — which currently stands at approximately 4 million barrels a day .
The Saudis have publicly explained their effort to moderate prices as a function of their desire to protect a fragile global economy .
But it ’s hard not to notice that the Saudi strategy also has the side benefit of pinching Iran .
Specifically , while the Saudis in 2009 require an average oil price of about $ 51 a barrel to cover their budget , Iran needs an average price in excess of $ 90 .
If the price holds steady at the Saudi - designated range of $ 70 - $ 80 for the rest of this year , the Saudi treasury could come in with a slight surplus .
The Iranians , by contrast , have reportedly been forced to consider phasing out food and energy subsidies in an attempt to battle their looming fiscal problems .
Of course , reducing subsidies on essential commodities is almost always political dynamite — especially in a place like Iran , where the economy is already in a shambles , and where millions of Iranians have taken to the streets since the fraudulent June 12 elections to make known their hatred of the current regime .
The fact is that the Islamic Republic is desperate for increased cash flow that could be used to buy off as many of its disaffected citizens as possible and cover up its gross economic mismanagement .
Saudi determination to limit any price spike — for whatever reason — is clearly an impediment .
With daily exports in the range of 2.5 million barrels per day , Iran stands to lose about $ 900 million annually from every one dollar drop in the price of oil .
With excess capacity of 4 million barrels per day , the Saudis are clearly in position to go much farther than they have to date in squeezing Iran if they so choose .
An aggressive Saudi effort to depress oil prices well below the current $ 75 target could prove extremely harmful to Iran ’s already reeling economy and tumultuous political situation .
Almost certainly , such an effort could inflict as much pain on the Iranian regime as many of the sanctions currently being discussed by the United States and its international partners — and , given Russian and Chinese reluctance to get tough with Iran , would almost certainly be quicker and easier to implement .
Would the Saudis really be prepared to play hardball with Iran in this way ?
In the past , the answer has usually been no .
Taking big risks to offend more powerful neighbors has generally not been the Saudi way .
A transparent effort to inflict major damage on the Iranian economy would certainly incur the Islamic Republic ’s wrath .
The Saudis no doubt recall that a similar charge about depressing oil prices led Saddam Hussein to invade Kuwait in 1990 .
Even if an Iranian military attack is not likely in the cards , the Saudis have good reason to fear the kind of mischief Iran could cause within the Kingdom — especially among the large , potentially restive Shiite population that is concentrated in its oil - rich Eastern Province .
That said , there ’s no doubt that Saudi King Abdullah views Iran — and the near - term prospect of its acquiring nuclear weapons — as nothing short of an existential threat to the House of Saud and its preeminent position in the Islamic world .
There ’s at least some chance that he may be prepared to consider doing things now that in the past would have been unthinkable in order to prevent his worst nightmare from coming to pass — especially if he ’s provided sufficient support , encouragement and guarantees from the United States and our major European allies .
In this regard , the current crisis in Yemen , in which Saudi forces have been drawn into combat on their southern border against Iranian - backed Shiite rebels , has only upped the ante .
As with almost everything Iran does , Abdullah no doubt perceives the Islamic Republic ’s involvement in Yemen as the latest maneuver in a grand strategy whose ultimate target is the Kingdom itself and control of the Islamic holy sites of Mecca and Medina .
The big question is how far the Saudis are willing to go in drawing on their oil power to really do something about it — something , that is , that actually stands a chance of either 1 ) compelling the Iranian regime to fundamentally re-calculate its nuclear ambitions , or 2 ) speeding the regime ’s unraveling at the hands of its already seething population .
Of course , encouraging the Saudis to use oil as a political weapon is not without its downside risks ; after all , the United States was on the receiving end of just such a Saudi gambit during the oil embargo that followed the 1973 Arab - Israeli war .
But given the enormity of the stakes now at play vis a vis Iran — both for the Kingdom and for the United States — it ’s clearly an option that at least deserves serious consideration .
One hopes that it ’s already the subject of intense consultations between Washington and Riyadh , preferably at the highest levels .
Should the United States conclude that the potential benefits outweigh the risks , it will need to muster every instrument at its disposal to steel the Saudi king to take unprecedented measures to face down Iran ’s unprecedented challenge .
Scott Nelson / KAUST via Getty Images
1 . What they tell you : Turning off the lights saves CO2
What they do n't tell you :
It makes sense for individuals to use less electricity to help reduce the emissions of British power stations .
However , it 's worth bearing in mind that the total amount of CO2 that can be released by power plants and other industrial facilities across the EU between now and 2012 is fixed by the European Emissions Trading Scheme .
This means that if the UK power sector reduces its emissions , extra carbon permits get freed up for use elsewhere , such as German power stations or French cement plants .
In other words , the same amount of CO2 will be released , just from different sources .
If you want to ensure that your electricity savings do make a real environmental difference , join Sandbag , a charity that will remove CO2 permits from the EU scheme to stop your good work being traded away on the carbon markets .
2 . What they tell you :
Buy a greener car
What they do n't tell you :
If you definitely need a new car , it makes perfect sense to buy a small , super - efficient model with low CO2 emissions .
However , making a new car – including mining and processing the metals and manufacturing and assembling the components – takes a huge amount of energy .
According to an expert at the Stockholm Environment Institute , the production of a typical modern car causes around 8 tonnes of CO2 , equivalent to driving 23,000 miles .
Because of this , unless you currently drive a lot in a highly inefficient car , it will often be greener to stick to your existing vehicle than to sell it and buy a new one .
3 . What they tell you : Going veggie cuts emissions
What they do n't tell you :
It 's true that animal products tend to have much higher carbon footprint than food produced from plants .
Hence vegetarianism tends to be a good idea from an environmental point of view .
The devil is in the detail , however , because certain dairy products are more " carbon intensive " than some meats .
In particular hard cheese , which takes a lot of milk to produce , can have a bigger footprint per kilo than chicken .
So while cutting out meat – especially beef and lamb – definitely makes ecological sense , the benefit will be reduced if you make up the calories by consuming more dairy .
The most effective way to reduce the emissions of your diet is to go vegan – or as close as you can get .
4 . What they tell you :
Do n't overfill the kettle
What they do n't tell you :
It 's not just how much water you boil that determines the carbon footprint of your tea or coffee , but also the type of kettle you use .
Jug kettles are fast and convenient , but their fuel – electricity from the national grid – produces almost three times more greenhouse gas for each unit of heat than burning gas in the home does .
Hence switching to a stove - top kettle on a gas cooker will usually reduce emissions – especially in colder months when any heat from the flames that escapes around the side of the kettle will warm the room , reducing the burden on the central heating system .
5 . What they tell you :
Use more efficient appliances
What they do n't tell you : Choosing highly energy - efficient appliances is one good way to ensure that routine tasks such as dishwashing and laundry do n't create more carbon pollution than necessary .
But there are other ways , too , such as simply running your machines at night .
In the daytime , when electricity consumption is at its highest , the dirtiest , least efficient power stations are rolled out to help meet peak demand .
At night , when demand is lower , these power stations can be switched off , which means that each unit of electricity has a lower carbon footprint .
Turning your washing machine and dishwasher on before you go to bed therefore shaves a little off your carbon footprint by " spreading the load " on the electricity grid – though the difference is n't as huge as some websites have claimed .
6 . What they tell you : Sign up with us , we provide 100 % renewable electricity
What they do n't tell you : Various electricity companies promise to provide customers with power from renewable sources .
This gives the impression that by signing up you 'll be increasing the amount of clean electricity being produced .
The truth is rather more complex .
The government requires a certain proportion of UK electricity to come from renewable sources .
If an electricity company exceeds this target by generating most or all of its power from renewables it can sell its extra green electricity credits to other companies which in turn can avoid producing any green power themselves .
The net effect is that not very much changes .
That 's not to say do n't sign up , but if you do use a green power supplier do n't expect your electricity to suddenly be carbon - neutral , no matter what the adverts suggest .
7 . What they tell you :
Wood fires are green
What they do n't tell you :
If you burn the wood in an open fire , the majority of the energy in the wood will be lost up the chimney .
Assuming it comes from properly managed forests , however , wood is a green fuel because the CO2 released when it gets burned will be sucked from the air by the trees planted to replace the felled ones .
The inefficient burning typical in a fireplace also creates plenty of soot .
Like CO2 , soot warms the atmosphere by absorbing heat from the sun – and it can also travel thousands of miles to settle on Arctic ice , where it accelerates melting by darkening the surface .
A much better option environmentally is a log - burning stove .
These capture most of the heat from the fuel , greatly reducing the amount of wood required , and they slash soot emissions too .
Some modern stoves are so clean - burning that they can even be used in smoke - free zones .
8 . What they tell you :
Use eco detergents
What they do n't tell you : " Ecological " washing up liquids and clothes detergents offer an environmental benefit by favouring rapidly biodegradable , low - toxicity , plant - based ingredients over harsher synthetic ones .
However , when it comes to climate change , most of the footprint of washing up or cleaning clothes is not caused by producing the detergent but by heating the water .
Hence the most effective way to cut emissions is simply to be sparing with hot water when washing up and to use low temperature cycles for laundry .
If you find a 30 - degree wash sufficient with an ecological powder , then that 's ideal ; if not , then arguably it would be better to use a more powerful detergent rather than turn up the temperature dial .
9 . What they tell you : Reusable nappies are better for the planet
What they do n't tell you :
It 's true that disposable nappies occupy a lot of space in landfill sites and consume a fairly large amount of oil in their production .
However , an in - depth study from the Environment Agency ( pdf ) found that the total impact on global warming could be slightly higher for washables than for disposables .
Washables can have a lower carbon footprint , but only if you have an energy - efficient washing machine , use a 60 - degree wash cycle , limit yourself to 24 nappies , and do n't tumble dry or iron them .
Nappy washing services have the highest footprint of all .
10 .
What they tell you : Buy local
What they do n't tell you :
The transport of goods accounts for a small but significant proportion of the human impact on the climate .
It generally makes environmental sense , therefore , to favour local food and other products .
However , it 's not always true that local is best .
One study suggested that lamb from New Zealand , with its clean energy and rich pastures , has a lower footprint when consumed in the UK than locally produced lamb , despite the long - distance shipping .
Another study showed that cut flowers sold in Britain that had been grown in distant but sunny Kenya had a smaller carbon footprint than those grown in heated greenhouses in Holland .
So while transport is important , it 's not the only factor to consider .
• The examples above are all drawn from the Rough Guide to Green Living , which was published this month .
In 1992 , in response to the threat of global warming , the governments of the world agreed to " stabilise greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere at a level that would prevent dangerous human interference with the climate system " .
Recently , the G8 nations agreed to an objective of limiting global warming to only two degrees above pre-industrial temperatures .
The best estimate of what is needed to have a 50:50 chance of avoiding two degrees of global warming is to stabilise greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere below 450 parts per million of carbon dioxide and other long - lived greenhouse gases .
To do that , global emissions must peak before 2015 and fall by 50 per cent to 85 per cent by 2050 .
How can global emission reductions be distributed between different countries ?
A fair way of distributing a limited resource among a group of people is to give everyone an equal share .
Children understand that this is a fair approach , even if politicians do n't .
All governments in the world agreed in 1992 to the underlying principle that " developed countries should take the lead in combating climate change " .
Per person emissions of greenhouse gases in developed countries are four times higher than in developing countries .
Australia has the highest emissions of carbon dioxide per person in the world , six times higher than the average for developing countries and even higher than the US .
Nintendo's been doing a bit of digging and it turns out it 's already won the console wars .
If we 're only talking about the ladies , that is .
A whopping 80 % of American female primary gamers ( the person who primarily uses the console rather than the occasional dabblers ) do their thing on the Wii , which we see as a clear indication to the graphics - obsessed Xbox 360 and PS3 developers that women prefer their games to be fun to play , rather than just look at .
Maybe if we also stopped dressing female characters in swimsuits , they 'd find non-Wii games relatable too -- that 's just a guess though , probably wrong .
ONCE upon a time , a race of cavemen ruled Europe and Asia , then mysteriously vanished , leaving little but bones and stone tools behind .
The history of the Neanderthals is n’t a Brothers Grimm fairy tale , but much of what has been written about the ancient human species may as well be , says evolutionary ecologist Clive Finlayson in his informative monograph .
Take their disappearance , which a team led by Finlayson has pinpointed to the rock of Gibraltar , between 28,000 and 24,000 years ago .
Since the discovery of the first Neanderthal bones in Belgium in 1829 , anthropologists have proposed any number of explanations …
Whenever a personal finance writer – or a writer of any kind – wants to make a bold , shocking point , they ’ll often pull out an “ average ” of some set of numbers .
That average , when read without further investigation , is often really shocking .
Could that really be true ?
Here are some examples .
The average square footage of single - family homes under construction fell dramatically , from 2,629 in the second quarter to 2,343 in the fourth quarter .
( from USA Today )
The average credit card debt per household — regardless of whether they have a credit card or not — was $ 8,329 at the end of 2008 .
( CreditCards.com statistics )
The average 401 ( k ) fell 27 % in 2008 .
( MSN MoneyCentral )
Those numbers seem fantastic .
I grew up in a home that had about 800 square feet and currently live in a home that feels huge to me at times and is just shy of 2,000 square feet .
The average home has over $ 8,000 in credit card debt ?
That ’s well over $ 100 a month just in interest !
However , if you start teasing those numbers apart a little , a few interesting truths reveal themselves .
The Truth About Averages
The average square footage of a home
The average new home has 2,343 square feet in floor space .
Well , let ’s assume that one in five homes is a 7,000 square foot McMansion .
That means that four out of five newly built homes are just 1,200 square feet .
In other words , if you lined up all of the houses that were built in the last year side by side ranked by their size and chose the one in the middle , it would be far less than 2,400 square feet .
The average credit card debt
Again , the huge ones skew the average .
If you have three homes with no credit card debt , one with $ 10,000 in credit card debt , and one with $ 30,000 in credit card debt , the average credit card debt of those homes is $ 8,000 even though three out of five of the homes have no debt at all .
The facts back this up – the majority of American homes carry no credit card debt .
The average 401( k )
The average 401 ( k ) fell 27 % in 2008 , yet the stock market ( as judged by the S&P 500 ) dropped 37 % .
What does that mean ?
Lots of investors out there did n’t have all of their eggs in the stock market basket .
When you hear a news report or read an article where someone quotes an average , you should get your guard up because there ’s a solid chance that a skewed story is being presented .
How is it skewed ?
Quite often , when we hear “ average , ” we compare our situation to that number .
Yet , as we ’ve seen above , the vast majority of people are often well under ( or in some cases over ) that average .
That average is misleading , and if we compare our own situation to that average and use it as guidance for moving forward , we can often mislead ourselves .
How can you figure out the real story ?
One big first step is to look at the exceptional people on either end .
Take the house square footage example .
The biggest houses built would be over 10,000 feet , while the smallest ones would be around 1,000 square feet .
Then , look at the average .
The end that the average is closest to is where most of the people actually are .
After all , if there are 9 people building 1,000 square foot homes and 1 person building an 11,000 square foot home , the average is a 2,000 square foot home – but none of them are actually building a 2,000 square foot home .
Good luck .
Pd-catalysed olefination of an arene can be directed by simple modification to the substrate and amine ligands to steer the catalyst
Chemists in the US have developed a simple and effective way to carry out a key class of reaction in organic synthesis - the bolting an olefin to an aromatic ring .
Olefination of arenes is challenging because there are a number of positions on the aromatic ring to which the olefin can attach .
One widely used technique to dictate the point of attack is the palladium - catalysed Mizoroki - Heck reaction , which requires the target carbon of the ring to be halogenated .
This , however , is in itself often tricky , adding to the complexity of the procedure .
" This selectivity has rarely been achieved before " - Matthew Gaunt , University of Cambridge
Now , Jin-Quan
Yu and colleagues at the Scripps Research Institute in California have shown that a particular C - H bond can be targeted by a palladium catalyst without the need for prior halogenation .
To steer the catalyst to its target the researchers adopted a twin approach .
Firstly , the presence of a carboxyl group adjacent to the target C - H on the ring results in a phenomenon called the complex - induced proximity effect , which pulls the catalyst towards the relevant bond .
In cases where the two ortho positions are equivalent , this approach alone can result in good yields of the desired product .
Where the two ortho positions on the ring are different , however , as in multiply substituted arenes , the researchers found that modified amino acids can act as ligands to the Pd catalyst and can steer it towards one or other of the ortho carbons , as required .
The ligands do this by differentiating between the subtle electronic or steric environments of the two ortho carbons .
’ The COOH dictates the ortho position , the ligand then distinguishes between the two ortho positions when they are different in multi-substituted arenes , ’ Yu says .
Using this approach , Yu and his colleagues demonstrated the olefination of a range of complex molecules , including the drug ibuprofen and various analogous compounds .
Yu points out that given the wide availability of carboxylated substrates , the reaction can be applied broadly .
’ The substrates represent a major class of synthetically useful compounds abundantly available off the shelf , ’ he says .
Matthew Gaunt , an expert in synthetic organic chemistry at the University of Cambridge in the UK believes that the technique could find ’ broad utility in the synthesis of complex aromatic molecules . ’
’ Particularly noteworthy is the use of amino acid - derived ligands to enhance reactivity and control the selectivity of C - H olefination between sterically and electronically similar ortho positions , ’ Gaunt adds .
’ This selectivity has rarely been achieved before . ’
Simon Hadlington
A wealthy rabbi financed a drug dealing business and offered cocaine to girls in exchange for sex , a court heard today .
Rabbi Baruch Chalomish , 54 , rented an apartment where he could " relax and have a party " , Manchester Crown Court heard .
When police raided the apartment , and his home in an area of Salford heavily populated with Orthodox Jews , they discovered a total of 101 grams ( 3.6 oz ) of cocaine and more than £ 17,000 in cash .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Prosecutor Michael Goldwater also told the jury of five men and seven women that Chalomish 's business partner , Nasir Abbas , 54 , had failed to turn up for the trial and is sought by police .
The pair are both charged with possession of cocaine , and possession of cocaine with intent to supply .
Chalomish faces two charges on both counts , and Abbas faces one charge on both counts , which he denies .
The rabbi , of Upper Park Road , Salford , admits two counts of possession of cocaine but denies intent to supply .
Mr Goldwater said police found both defendants at the one - bedroom apartment when they raided it at 9 am on Monday 5 January .
Abbas was discovered sleeping on the floor of the sitting room , and Chalomish was using the toilet .
He said : " Our case is that Abbas and Chalomish were dealing in controlled drugs .
They were running , we say , a commercial cocaine supply operation from an apartment - hotel in Shudehill , Manchester .
" Rabbi Chalomish also had a substantial store of drugs , cocaine , and cash at his home address . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Officers found forms which showed that the apartment was rented from the firm Premier Apartments in Abbas 's name .
Mr Goldwater said officers discovered evidence of a " substantial drug supply operation " .
Drug paraphernalia found in the bedroom included a glass tray with 3g ( 0.1 oz ) of cocaine on it and a silver spoon , a bowl containing more than 3g ( 0.1 oz ) of cocaine , rolled up notes for snorting the drug and credit cards used for chopping the drug into lines .
Mr Goldwater said the purity of the cocaine varied in strength from 29 per cent to 82 per cent .
Cutting agents to dilute the drug were also discovered , along with around £ 2,400 in cash , he said .
Similar paraphernalia , and quantities of cocaine , were also found at Chalomish 's home , mainly in a rear bedroom , along with £ 15,345 in cash .
Mr Goldwater said the jury may find it " significant " that the purity of the cocaine was higher than average .
He suggested it could have been cut with legal substances to achieve the average purity level of 28 per cent for cocaine sold in the UK .
Mr Goldwater also told the jury that police seized a mobile phone containing a text message from Abbas to an unknown recipient .
He said : " That 's a drug dealer 's message and we say that was sent by Abbas from his phone to somebody who has not been identified and is essentially a statement of account with reference to grams and money and setting out who owed who what . "
The jury heard that when interviewed by police Abbas said he knew the rabbi as " Shell " and rented the apartment on his behalf and received money from him for the rent .
Mr Goldwater said : " He said Shell wanted to relax and have a party at the flat .
" He said there had been a lot of people come through the flat in the last 10 days , most of them girls .
He mentioned one particular girl , called Emma from Stockport , who stayed for seven days .
" She was the only one allowed to go into that bedroom apart from Shell . "
Abbas told detectives his role was to keep the flat tidy and said that although Shell did not sell drugs , he did not mind if others wanted to consume them and that he liked to impress girls .
Mr Goldwater continued : " He said he had seen Shell putting white powder in a glass dish and mixing it with another substance , and anyone visiting was free to help themselves . "
Abbas also claimed that he and Chalomish were planning to open a restaurant together , funded by the rabbi .
Mr Goldwater told the jury that Abbas had a previous conviction for conspiracy to supply Class A drugs in March 1996 .
The jury heard that the rabbi gave " no comment " interviews to police until his final interview , where he admitted he was a wealthy man who liked to assist less fortunate people .
Chalomish said he bought large quantities of cocaine for his own personal use and often used it when he could not sleep .
Mr Goldwater said : " The prosecution case is these two men were concerned in a commercial drug supply operation .
" We do n't completely exclude the possibility that there might be some truth in what Abbas told the police , that some of the drugs were given to young women who came to the flat and that one or more of those young women may have provided sexual services .
" We do say that it was essentially a commercial operation .
We say their roles were different .
Nasir Abbas had the know - how , knew the drugs business , had the contacts , he would know where to obtain the drugs , how much to pay and how to find customers .
" Rabbi Chalomish would not have necessarily had the knowledge , we say Chalomish was the financier , he put up the money .
" We 've been informed that Chalomish is a wealthy man , we 've got no reason to doubt that .
Nor do we have any reason to believe that his wealth was not achieved perfectly legitimately .
" How he got in the drugs business is unclear .
He may have got into the drugs business as a drugs user but may have realised there were substantial profits to be made .
" A supply on this scale would need a source of capital for financing the purchase of the drugs and rental of the flat so dealing could go on off the street and not at his address . "
The case was adjourned until 10.30 am tomorrow at Manchester Crown Court .
meta - message : A term , widely credited to Gerard Nierenberg , used to refer to messages that are not directly delivered but emerge from between the written or spoken lines .
The meta-message of Cass Sunstein 's new book delivers a warning to those who would spread Internet " rumors " about Barack Obama .
The Regulatory Czar 's latest book is entitled Rumors .
It purports to be about how rumors spread .
To that end , it 's full of remarkable insights such as " Many of us accept false rumors because of either our fears or our hopes . " ( p. 6 ) " Your willingness to believe a rumor will inevitably depend on the information with which you start . " ( p. 19 ) " Sometimes people believe rumors because other people believe them . " ( p. 28 ) Plus the shocking revelation that " Many rumors spread conspiracy theories . " ( p. 7 )
The subtitle of the book is " How Falsehoods Spread , Why We Believe Them , What Can Be Done . "
The answer to " What Can Be Done " harbors the book 's meta -message .
For Sunstein , " part of the answer lies in recognizing that a ‘ chilling effect ' on those who would spread destructive falsehood can be an excellent idea . " ( p. 5 ) ( His meta - message raises its head . )
Most of Sunstein 's examples of rumor sources are directed against the Right .
" If the National Rifle Association spreads a rumor that a political candidate wants to ‘ confiscate guns , ' or if an environmental organization spreads a rumor that someone believes that climate change is a ‘ hoax , ' many people will be affected , because they tend to believe the National Rifle Association or the environmental organization . " ( p. 8 ) ( Notice the upside down logic in the climate change example .
In Sunstein 's world why would an environmental organization ever start a " hoax " rumor in the first place ? )
His answer to the subtitle phrase " How Falsehoods Spread " includes those propagators who are narrowly self - interested .
Like " When members of the Republican Party spread rumors about an appointee of a Democratic president , they hope to injure not only the reputation and the standing of the appointee but also that of the president and the Democratic Party as a whole , thus promoting the interests of Republicans . " ( p. 13 ) ( Sounds like he might be writing about himself as a target of rumors . )
Another category of rumor propagators are the generally self - interested .
Like when " Some right - wing websites liked to make absurd and hateful remarks about the alleged relationship between Barack Obama and the former radical Bill Ayers . " ( p. 13 ) ( " Former " radical ? )
Then there are the altruistic propagators .
Like " When Sean Hannity , the television talk show host , attacked Barack Obama because of his alleged associations , one of his goals might have been to promote values and causes that he cherishes . " ( p. 14 )
Sunstein occasionally defends someone from the Right against rumors , but not often .
Those few examples read as being disingenuous .
His balance clearly slants toward the offended Left .
He hand wrings over the failure of the Obama campaign 's website to thoroughly rebut rumors about their candidate .
He notes that rebutting a rumor may only enhance its spread .
( He appears not to factor in the cogency of the rebuttal . )
So , according to Sunstein , What Can Be Done about false rumors ?
Well , here 's the ramp - up to his solution :
" These points should not be taken as a plea for any kind of censorship ... Sometimes a chilling effect can be an excellent safeguard ... We need , in short , to find ways to discourage the harmful effects of false rumors . " ( pp. 10 - 11 )
Of course , creating a " chilling effect " is n't censorship .
On page 78 of the 88 - pages book -- more accurately , a monograph -- the action steps that would accompany Sunstein 's meta -message emerge .
" Any marketplace requires standards and ground rules ; no market can operate as a free - for - all .
It is not obvious that the current regulatory system for free speech -- the current setting of chill -- is the one that we would or should choose for the Internet era . " ( p. 78 )
And what might those " standards and ground rules " for the Internet era include ?
" [ A ] general right to demand retraction after a clear demonstration that a statement is both false and damaging .
If a newspaper of broadcaster or blogger refuses to provide a prominent retraction after a reasonable period of time , it might be liable for at least modest damages . "
" On the Internet in particular , people might have a right to ‘ notice and take down . '
[ T ] hose who run websites would be obliged to take down falsehoods upon notice . "
" Damage caps and schedules could do a great deal to promote free speech values while also ensuring a measure of deterrence ... A cap on damages , alongside liability to establish what is actually true , could work to leverage the propagator 's concern for his reputation to good effect . " ( pp. 78-79 )
And , just in case the meta - message is n't clear , the last sentence in Sunstein 's monograph reads :
" Some kind of chilling effect on damaging rumors is exceedingly important -- not only to protect people against negligence , cruelty , and unjustified damage to their reputations , but also to ensure the proper functioning of democracy itself . " ( p. 88 )
You may be asking -- So what ?
Well , Cass Sunstein is the Regulatory Czar .
He was confirmed by the Senate by a 57 - 40 vote .
Republican Senators among the 57 who voted for confirmation included : Snowe ( ME ) ; Collins ( ME ) ; Bennett ( UT ) ; Hatch ( UT ) ; Lugar ( IN ) ; and Voinovich ( OH ) .
If you 've never attended the taping of a TV show , I highly recommend it .
The whole process is fascinating , and , no matter how many times you 've seen the show at home , it 's always different than what you expect .
Last night I went to a taping of Inside the Actors Studio , Bravo 's long - running interview series .
I 've watched dozens of episodes over the years -- I 've even dreamed about host James Lipton -- but I never thought too much about how the shows are put together .
It 's a longer and more complex process than you might think .
My evening :
6:15 p.m .
My friend Amanda and I arrive in line outside Pace University , where the series is filmed .
Most people in line are students .
We 're psyched about the evening , particularly because there 's a good guest : Hilary Swank .
6:25 p.m .
The taping starts at 7 , so we assumed we'd get out around 8 , since the TV show lasts about an hour .
Right ?
So wrong .
We 're informed Actors Studio tapings can go anywhere from two to four hours , depending on the guest .
Holy cow .
We start downing Altoids , knowing that 's all we 'll be eating for awhile .
6:45 p.m .
We get our tickets and are sent to another , longer line .
Several Pace students ahead of us start harmonizing for no apparent reason .
A dude with a goatee asks if we'd like to buy a pack of cigarettes for $ 2 that " taste like Marlboros . "
We politely decline .
6:55 p.m .
We enter the studio .
I tell Amanda it 's about the same size as the one for The Jerry Springer Show , and she says I probably should n't say that too loudly .
In front of me is a chair reserved for " Kedakai Lipton , " James Lipton 's wife .
7:05 p.m .
The audience continues to file in .
In front are a few rows of chairs , reserved for acting students .
( Many are chatting and seem to know each other from class . )
Behind them are people like me , with reserved seating .
On the balcony are general seats , where I think a lot of folks in the standby line ended up .
Swank 's standby did n't look too bad , but I 'm guessing it was bananas for De Niro and Johnny Depp .
7:12 p.m . A producer arrives onstage and asks us to applaud on a level from one to 10 .
He thanks us for coming and says tomorrow 's Actors Studio guest is -- wait for it -- Bon Jovi .
What ?
7:15 p.m. A woman walks onto the stage and places Lipton 's blue notecards on a small table .
The audience whistles and applauds .
The woman smiles ; I 'm guessing the blue cards get mad love every time .
7:19 p.m. James Lipton walks onstage to a standing ovation .
7:21 p.m. Lipton introduces Swank , and we stand again .
She looks genuinely happy to be here .
After we sit , the host immediately launches into the interview -- i.e .
" Where were you born ? " -- and does n't look back .
7:29 p.m. Swank points out her mother , brother , assorted nephews and family members are in the front row .
It 's cute , and Mama Swank pipes up several times throughout the show .
Lipton remarks that his favorite shows are the ones where relatives attend .
7:53 p.m .
After a lengthy conversation about Swank 's childhood , Lipton mentions The Next Karate Kid .
Ha !
It leads to an interesting discussion , though : Swank says during her audition she was told she was a good actress but not the prettiest .
For the part , she had to cover her forehead with bangs and minimize her lips .
Lipton is aghast .
8:15 p.m. I wo n't recap the entire Swank interview here , but it 's interesting to note that Lipton spends about 25 minutes discussing Boys Do n't Cry .
( There 's absolutely no time limit on this show whatsoever . )
At one point , Swank cries when talking about the movie 's impact .
Lipton says it 's one of the few moments he has been left speechless during an interview .
8:25 p.m. I realize if one series were ripe for a " director 's cut DVD " release , it 's this one .
What happens to all these extra hours of footage ?
Lipton reveals that when Robin Williams was a guest , he was onstage for five and a half hours .
Unbelievable .
8:47 p.m. The Million Dollar Baby questions last about as long as the Boys Don't Cry chat .
A few audience members get up to use the restroom , which is permitted , as long as you do it quietly .
A girl near me takes copious notes in her composition book , which is cool ... though I do wish she 'd stop muttering " uh huh " after Swank 's every sentence .
9 p.m .
An audience member 's watch alarm goes off .
Crew members glare in our general direction .
9:20 p.m. I have n't seen Amelia ( nor has most of this crowd ) , but the duo's discussion about Earhart 's life is animated and interesting .
This is partly because Lipton peppers his conversation with truly bizarre personal anecdotes .
On this night alone , I learn that Lipton a ) has studied ballet ; b ) was good friends with Pilates creator Joe Pilates ; c ) lived in the same California apartment complex as Swank ; and d ) once helped fly the Concorde in a dense fog .
The dude is full of wacky facts .
9:50 p.m .
After about two and a half hours , Lipton ends the interview .
Swank and the host did n't take a single break during taping -- no makeup touches , no bathroom breaks , nothing .
( This is odd for TV , but I think it makes for a better discussion . )
Lipton adds that any non-students who'd like to return for the " classroom portion " of the show are welcome to do so .
This part of the show includes the student Q&A and the popular Bernard Pivot questionnaire .
Amanda and I look at each other .
We love Lipton .
After tonight , we really adore Swank .
But we also love food , and this show could very well last into a fourth hour .
I 'll hear Hilary Swank 's favorite curse word with everyone else , when the episode airs next month .
Until then ... see you tonight for Bon Jovi ?
The drought has affected between 70 and 80 per cent of crops , including maize and rice in the heart of Venezuela 's cereal production , according to Vicente Figuera , head of the Guarico Association of Cereal Producers and Cattle Breeders .
Money can't buy everything , especially when it comes to freely available open source software from the Apache Software Foundation ( ASF ) .
The ASF is now celebrating its 10th anniversary as a non-profit foundation that has grown from its initial project , the Apache HTTP Web Server , to more than 60 projects today .
The Apache HTTP Web Server remains the most widely deployed Web server today , with more than 42 million active sites , according to the latest data from research firm Netcraft .
At the ApacheCon conference today , pioneers of the ASF talked about their experiences at the trail - blazing open source foundation .
They also outlined why the ASF remains relevant today , and why money does n't buy many favors .
" Sometimes Apache has had a reputation of being hard to work with or slow to make decisions , and it's because we value independence and neutrality so strongly , " said Brian Behlendorf , an ASF founding member .
" When somebody sees that any given company can be a sponsor , they know that we can't be pwned at all . "
As proof positive of that sentiment , one - time Apache rival Microsoft ( NASDAQ : MSFT ) last year became a sponsor of the ASF , contributing $ 100,000 to the foundation annually .
However , being a sponsor and contributing financially to the ASF does n't necessary buy a corporation a seat at the development table .
Developers , regardless of their affiliation , are measured on the merits of their individual contributions .
" The only way to get a seat is through the meritocracy , through actually building something at Apache that the rest of the members thought was worthy enough that you as an individual would get some kind of recognition , " noted open source advocate Danese Cooper said .
" I really think that design is totally key to how meritocracy in action and community before code has worked out . "
Cooper noted that the merit system elevates the value of individuals , rather than the companies they work for .
Cooper 's sentiment was echoed by ASF member Ted Leung , who commented that after having been employed by IBM working on an XML project , he quit after the code was donated to the ASF .
Leung said that even though he was no longer working for IBM , he was still able to work on the code , and work as a go - between for IBM and Sun , the two big corporations involved in the Apache XML effort .
" One of the reasons why we 've been so successful is we 've been able to have a place where people with different sets of interests can come together and work , " Leung said .
" For the most part , people believe it 's a neutral playing field , though every year there is a different company that owns Apache , from IBM to Sun to Google , but that 's mostly a joke . "
Leung added that people come to Apache because they believe they will be treated equally and fairly based on the merits of their ideas .
" That 's one reason why we have 70 projects of all types , " Leung said .
" People would n't come to us if it was n't true or if people felt that corporations were buying seats at the table . "
PlayStation Home , the PlayStation 3 ‘s avatar based virtual community , has grown in leaps and bounds since it ’s official launch nearly a year ago with a wide variety of Home spaces from various top games as well as the mysterious alternate reality game Xi .
One of the most popular spaces on the online platform was the Buzz !
Home space , based on Relentless Software ‘s award winning franchise .
At this year ’s Eurogamer Expo PlayStation LifeStyle managed to ask Relentless Software ‘s Producer , Jade Tidy , whether their newest game , Blue Toad Murder Files , would also be getting a Home space .
Tidy told PSLS that :
“ I ’d love to have one , the Buzz !
one went down really really well , and I ’d love to do something , like murder in the dark , or something like that .
At the moment we just do n’t have time , we just need to finish making the game first of all , because we are still working on the later episodes , but yeah , if we can do something like that in the future , I ’d love to do it , I ’d love to hear people ’s suggestions of things that they like for it as well , so if you ’ve got any come on to our forum and give them to us ” .
SIYATHEMBA , South Africa 
This country ’s rituals of protest most often call for the burning of tires , the barricading of streets and the throwing of rocks .
So when the municipal mayor here went to address the crowd after three days of such agitation , the police thought it best to take him into the stadium in a blast - resistant armored vehicle .
Chastened by the continuing turmoil , the mayor , Mabalane Tsotetsi , known as Lefty , penitently explained that all of the protesters ’ complaints would be given his full attention .
But by then official promises were a deflated currency , and rocks and bottles were again flying as he retreated .
The reasons for this community ’s wrath  unleashed first in late July and again briefly a month later  were ruefully familiar to many South Africans .
“ Water , electricity , unemployment : nothing has gotten better , ” said Lifu Nhlapo , 26 , a leader of the protests here in Siyathemba , a township 50 miles east of Johannesburg .
“ We feel an anger , and when we are ignored , what else is there to do but take to the streets ? ”
Civil unrest among this nation ’s poor has recently gotten worldwide attention , and is often portrayed as unhappiness with South Africa ’s new president , Jacob Zuma .
Actually , these so - called service delivery protests have gone on with regularity for a long time .
They vary in intensity  mild , medium and hot  and their frequency seems to rise and fall without a predictable pattern .
Nursing home abuse :
When we finally find a place for our elderly loved one where we are assured that the staff is fully trained and caring and the facility is safe , we breathe a sigh of relief .
But when we notice that something is not right , we often do n’t know where to turn or what to do .
At Mathys & Schneid we have over 30 years of helping the families of loved ones get the justice they need .
We fully investigate abuse and neglect cases and put a stop to unacceptable and harmful treatment .
If you are concerned that your loved one has been wandering , unsupervised , or shows sign of abuse or neglect such as bedsores , malnourishment , bruises or broken bones , call us .
No fee unless we take your case and win your family the compensation you deserve .
View Nursing Home Abuse Practice Pages
White Man 's method of Environmental Management Population Growth and Finite Resources
Some Issues :
Is population growth really exponential in nature ?
Can the Clock be Stopped ?
the reality of Zero Population Growth
the reality of Zero Population Growth Can new resources be found to replaced used resources ?
Can equilibrium be achieved through clever recycling ?
This is not my problem .
This depends on three factors :
The average births per female note , the rise in teenage pregnancy severely impacts this estimate
note , the rise in teenage pregnancy severely impacts this estimate
The average life expectancy
The annual net immigration rate
Three models ( as of 1994 ) :
Birth Rate Expectancy Immigration Projections 1.9 75.3 350,000 293M ( 2030 ) 285M ( 2050 ) 2.2 82.6 880,000 263( 1995 ) 392M ( 2050 ) 2.6 87.5 1.4 million 522M ( 2050 )
In addition to this , the US population is undergoing a significant regional re-distribution
ZPG is only achieved in a model which limits immigration ( a very politically sensitive issue ) , restricts birthrates to no more than 2 per female ( more politics ) , and makes no attempt to increase life expectancy .
The fertility rate has gone up .
In 1988 the rate was 1.8 per female , now its 2.0 this increase is entirely due to teenage pregnancy .
Equilibrium is difficult to achieve because exponential growth produces demographics such that they are substantially more people entering their reproductive years than those which are dying of old age .
What about ZPG for the World ?
Worst case scenario assumes 2.5 children per couple 28 billion people by 2150
Best case assumes 1.7 7.8 billion in 2050 declining to 4.3 billion by 2150
Current fertility rate is 3.3 .
Fertility rate in 1970 was 4.5
The above calculations , however , do not adequately factor in increases in global life expectancy .
Population Growth Map
The above map shows the that the " industrialized " world has stabilized somewhat to population growth rates less than 1 % a year .
But 1 % is still a doubling time of 70 years and the calculated growth rates are based , in this study , on only 5 years worth of data .
What does fertility rate depend on ?
Regression ( to be discussed later ) suggests that literacy is a key factor .
Education may be the single biggest contributor towards ZPG .
When did we know there would be a problem ?
Historical Estimates of World Population ( accurate to 10 -- 20 % )
1000 AD 0.25 Billion
1100 AD 0.30
1200 AD 0.36
1250 AD 0.40
1300 AD 0.36 ( three cheers for war and disease ! )
1350 AD 0.44
1400 AD 0.35
1500 AD 0.43
1600 AD 0.55
A British corporate law firm has created a new unit that will help easily offended corporate giants track down and sue anonymous Internet forum posters .
They will also target whistle - blowers .
They specialize in figuring out how to get ISPs to turn over their subscribers ' personal information .
A spokeswoman for Wragge said : " Courts can compel Internet Service Providers or telephone service providers to make information available regarding registered names , email addresses and other key account holder information .
One growth area is identifying individuals involved in leaking confidential information , such as client or financial details , to competitor companies .
With the help of employment law specialists , the team can assist both in finding the source of such leaks and advising on any subsequent employment aspects . "
Linux vendor Novell is offering a new commercial add - in for Visual Studio that will allow software developers to test and package .NET applications for Linux without having to leave their Windows development environment .
The new tools could potentially help boost the availability of third - party software for Linux .
Novell 's Mono project , an open source implementation of the .NET runtime , makes it possible to run quite a bit of .NET software on the Linux platform .
It opens up the door for .NET shops to expand their audience by making their programs available for deployment on Linux , but the additional effort involved in testing and packaging is an impediment in some cases .
Novell 's new Mono Tools for Visual Studio ( MonoVS ) add - in will help to lower the barriers and simplify the process .
The add - in has a number of compelling features , including support for remote debugging .
Users can automatically deploy their applications to a remote Linux host and debug it using Visual Studio 's interactive built - in debugger ; it also has packaging tools that help users generate SUSE RPMs and virtual appliance images ; finally , it integrates with SUSE Studio , Novell 's nifty Web - based JeOS builder .
The Mono Migration Analysis tool is also included in the bundle and is used to help developers identify non-portable APIs .
The Visual Studio add - in is relatively new and still has a few noteworthy limitations — it 's primarily engineered around Novell 's SUSE Linux and does n't generate packages for other distros yet .
The developers say that they plan to eventually support deployment on Red Hat Enterprise Linux and Debian - based distros like Ubuntu .
Independent developers have already experimentally demonstrated how to use the new MonoVS add - in in conjunction with Ubuntu .
I discussed the new product with Novell 's Miguel de Icaza and Joseph Hill , and they said that the goal is to make it easier for Windows developers to bring their .NET software to Linux without having to know a lot about the platform .
For Windows developers who do n't like to leave the confines of Visual Studio , such tools are needed to make Linux portability an accessible undertaking .
Microsoft previously had rules against making Visual Studio add -ins that allow developers to target other platforms .
These rules were recently changed , de Icaza explained , finally making it possible for Novell to offer Linux deployment solutions for the popular Windows IDE .
" With Mono Tools for Visual Studio , we are bridging the gap between Visual Studio , one of the world 's leading development platforms , and Linux , one of the world 's leading deployment platforms , " said de Icaza in a statement .
" By integrating our tools right into Visual Studio , we are enabling developers familiar with Windows and .NET to quickly bring their applications to the Linux market , and ISVs to offer their software as ready - to - run appliances . "
Novell already has its own cross-platform open source development environment called MonoDevelop .
I asked de Icaza if Novell is still committed to making MonoDevelop a first - class tool on Windows .
He says that the new Visual Studio add - in is n't intended to replace MonoDevelop on Windows .
It 's primarily offered for the benefit of Windows developers who are addicted to Visual Studio and are unwilling to migrate .
In the long term , he hopes that MonoDevelop will eventually rival Eclipse and Visual Studio .
MonoVS is available from the Mono website .
Novell offers a personal license for $ 99 and an enterprise license for $ 249 .
They also have an " ultimate edition " , which includes a commercial Mono license , for $ 2499 .
Further reading
This is the biggest news ever broken here .
The first thing I have to say is that I have no connection to the source of these files .
It was left as a link on my blog while I was hunting for cloaked deers ( fruitlessly ) in the Upper Penninsula .
These files are real IMO but they cannot be one hundred percent verified as such .
How can we be certain but IMO , real .
They were potentially scraped from multiple computers in my opinion by a hacker or an insider involved in some of the endless FOIA requests .
I ’ll say this delicately – this person risked one f..k of a lot to show us this data .
I need some legal advice regarding the files received today .
I ’ve verified that the data seems to be true , simply due to the volume of it and knowing the issues – currently the link is offline , I took it down the minute I realized what it contained .
I need to understand the legal ramifications of making some of the emails public .
In the meantime , a summary of the 62 MB of data is – personal email correspondences between some of the major players Santer , Briffa , Mann , Osborne , Wahl .
Data and code , the data SteveM and I will enjoy but I ca n’t load CA now .
The code or a version of it for HadCRUT was released also .
The tone of the emails is quite interesting Steve McIntyre is the focus of much of them but there are quite a few references to obstruction and making things difficult for the ‘ skeptics ’ .
There are also budgetary items and grant monies - you would n’t believe how much money these boys play with .
There are several comments about scientists wanting to hide their environmentalist views to promote the best results .
Also , some about people being happy with the death of skeptics as well as a lot of rubbish about the latest Yamal results at CA .
What I need to know is what are my legal obligations as to posting a link to this file and what is allowed to be shown from it .
In the meantime I see Anthony at WUWT who has more experience than me with media has posted several emails , so in this case there is one particular letter which deserves to see the light of day because of it ’s amazing nature .
One of the biggest criticisms of skeptics is non-publication .
I think we can put an end to that charade here and now .
If someone can find me a lawyer to let this loose I ’ll add the rest of the names but let ’s just say it ’s our favorite ends justify the means group .
From : P
To : “ M
Subject : HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL
Date : Thu Jul 8 16:30:16 2004 M ,
Only have it in the pdf form .
FYI ONLY – do n’t pass on .
Relevant paras are the last 2 in section 4 on p13 .
[ snip out of kindness ] be careful how you use it – if at all .
Keep quiet also that you have the pdf .
The attachment is a very good paper – I ’ve been pushing A over the last weeks to get it submitted to JGR or J. Climate .
The main results are great for CRU and also for ERA - 40 .
The basic message is clear – you have to put enough surface and sonde obs into a model to produce Reanalyses .
The jumps when the data input change stand out so clearly .
NCEP does many odd things also around sea ice and over snow and ice .
The other paper by MM is just garbage – as you knew .
De Freitas again .
Pielke is also losing all credibility as well by replying to the mad Finn as well – frequently as I see it .
I ca n’t see either of these papers being in the next IPCC report .
K and I will keep them out somehow – even if we have to redefine what the peer - review literature is !
[ names removed because I ’m giving quarter until legal advice arrives ]
Cheers
P
M ,
[ Snipped again out of kindness .
This section had to do with personal feelings and friendships regarding a paper which probably did n’t tow the line . ]
I can send if you want , but it wo n’t be out as a report for a couple of months .
Cheers
P Prof . P
So if we can describe who M , P , K and I really are , this should be pretty interesting .
This is one of thousands of emails which IMO seem genuine although there ’s no ‘ absolute ’ proof .
Let ’s call it a glove too small .
Just as we may talk about the dangers of future technologies when they are put to some negative uses we can talk about the internet as a present and still largely evolving technology and dangers its negative uses pose to other people .
Just as there are movies depicting a future world of highly sophisticated intelligent robots that rebelled against humanity , genetically engineered super humans bringing down tyranny against their inferiors , biological warfare via highly effective engineered viruses and so on there could have been movies in the past depicting a " future " in which internet is used by sophisticated tech - savvy tricksters to get access to people 's bank accounts and expensive private data .
That future , of course , is here and we call this practice as " phishing scams " :
Quote :
In the field of computer security , phishing is the criminally fraudulent process of attempting to acquire sensitive information such as usernames , passwords and credit card details by masquerading as a trustworthy entity in an electronic communication .
Just in my email inbox alone I 've been getting a lot of pretty tricky messages claiming to be from such sites as paypal , ebay , google adsense and so on .
Not only do phishing scammers make the destination site look exactly the same , but they sometimes make even the URL look so similar that unless you take a careful look at it you may easily be fooled to think it 's the real deal .
They will register a domain name with an obscure extension , something like paypal.cc or they will arrange a subdomain that will make the URL look like it comes from PayPal where you literally have to know where the dot should be to know it 's not a legitimate URL .
For example I could set up a subdomain that looks like this : www.paypal.com.libervis.com and put an exact copy of the PayPal site and login form there so it looks completely legit .
I could perhaps even get an SSL certificate so as to make the page " secure " ( therefore putting the lock in the user 's browser ) .
The receiver of my email would see that the address starts with www.paypal.com and unless he reads any further ( to spot the dot and realize the actual top level domain is libervis.com ) he would click the link thinking it 's really from PayPal , thus giving me his real PayPal username and password and access to all money he holds in it .
Five million people in US lost an average of $ 351 to phishing scams , which is 1.75 billion dollars , and scammers are getting better at it .
( Source : SC Magazine ( quoting Gartner ) ) .
Fortunately , people are finally catching on and as you can read in the linked article there is some reason for optimism .
The reason I talk about phishing scams is to illustrate a larger point pertaining to our relationship with technology .
As new technologies come by they typically bring with them enormous potential in both positive and negative terms .
The power of technology can be used for both good and bad .
How it is going to be used and how effectively is going to directly depend on the prevalent mentality and habits of the individuals .
This means that new - and as the case of phishing scams illustrates - existing technologies essentially require the human individuals to evolve at the same pace as the technology they use evolves .
Otherwise there is going to be trouble .
In order to truly defeat phishing scams , for instance , what is necessary is for them to become completely ineffective .
For this to happen these five million people ( in US alone ) need to become completely resilient against them .
Specifically , when it comes to phishing , what is fundamentally required is for individuals to be more critical of what they are reading , more investigative and less trusting .
They need to learn to be more responsible with their use of email and the web sites whose users are the target of phishing scams .
This may seem utopian , but imagine if people were n't so easily fooled to begin with .
Imagine if they fostered the mentality of hightened responsibility and critical examination of other people 's claims before internet became as widespread to begin with .
It 's reasonable to assume that phishing would be far less of a problem .
That said , it may seem that I 'm using a rather trivial example to back up such a high expectation and you might be right , especially if you consider the losses due to phishing scams " trivial " .
But I chose this example because it is so close to home .
Pretty much everyone who uses email has encountered phishing scams and had to go through this little " evolution " process in order to be resilient to them .
As time goes by it 's possible phishing will become completely ineffective as people essentially become immune to such low brow attempts to scam them out of their money .
However once we 've established the basic problem at this level we could up the ante and talk about something like nuclear technology and the apparent failure of humanity to NOT foster the kind of attitude that led to its destructive use on Hiroshima and Nagasaki and to NOT foster the kind of mentality that led to the cold war and nuclear armaments build up .
It is again the problem of technology coming into the hands of the users who are n't quite evolved enough to use it in non-destructive ways .
This problem is one of the most basic subjects that we explore on this site and there is a lot to be said on it , as will be , in future articles .
An octopus and its coconut - carrying antics have surprised scientists .
Underwater footage reveals that the creatures scoop up halved coconut shells before scampering away with them so they can later use them as shelters .
Writing in the journal Current Biology , the team says it is the first example of tool use in octopuses .
Footage courtesy of Museum Victoria / Current Biology
It 's not just me .
Two colleagues with different perspectives -- from each other 's , and sometimes from my own -- marvel at how badly the mainstream American press distorted the picture of what happened during Barack Obama 's just - ended tour of Asia .
First , Howard French -- long of the NYT , now of the Columbia Journalism School , friend of mine in both Tokyo and Shanghai .
He has a new online Q- and - A with the Columbia Journalism Review , here , in which he says that the traveling press covered Obama 's meetings with Asian officials as if this were a bunch of stops in a presidential campaign tour , and as a result missed or misrepresented what was going on .
Read the whole thing , but here are two samples :
From the set - up to the interview , by Alexandra Fenwick :
" In almost every analysis of the trip , Chinese officials were portrayed as optimistic and newly emboldened to stand up to American interests and Obama was cast in the role of the meek debtor , standing with hat in hand .
The line is that little was achieved and Obama was stifled , literally by state television and figuratively by the Chinese upper hand in the power dynamic . "
Howard French goes on to say that these assumptions were flat wrong .
He offers many explanations , including this :
" I find that the Washington reporters tend to be typically the most subject to this instant scorekeeping .
This is part of the game of Washington reporting .
They 're at the bleeding edge of this phenomenon that I think is distressing in terms of the approach of the press to serious questions .
Everything is shot through this prism of short - term political calculation as opposed to thinking seriously about stuff .
You can't be an expert on every question , and so you 're part of the Washington press corps and if you 're really good and really diligent , you 're going to be expert maybe in a few things and one of those things might not be China . "
If you have seen Howard French 's coverage over the years , including the five years he was based in Shanghai , you will know that no sane reader has ever put him in the category of " soft " on the Chinese leadership or China 's faults .
Yet his wonderment and exasperation at what he reads is palpable .
These photographs of albatross chicks , the first of which appeared in a recent New York Review article by Tim Flannery , were made just a few weeks ago on Midway Atoll , a tiny stretch of sand and coral near the middle of the North Pacific that was the site of the Battle of Midway in World War II and is now one of the world ’s most remote marine sanctuaries .
The nesting babies are fed bellies - full of plastic by their parents , who soar over the vast ocean polluted by plastic debris and other waste collecting what looks to them like food to bring back to their young .
On this diet of human trash , every year tens of thousands of albatross chicks die on Midway from starvation , toxicity , and choking .
To document this phenomenon as faithfully as possible , not a single piece of plastic in any of these photographs was moved , placed , manipulated , arranged , or altered in any way .
These images depict the actual stomach contents of baby birds more than two thousand miles from the nearest continent .
Chris Jordan discusses his work on Midway Atoll in a New York Review podcast .
To see more of his photographs from Midway , readers can visit chrisjordan.com .
A collection of his large - scale conceptual photographs , Running the Numbers : An American Self - Portrait , was published earlier this year by Prestel .
Alice in wonderland cake / dummyThank you all for the favorites and comments , they are overwhelming and encouraging !
Check out my personal website : www.caek.nl or LIKE my Facebookpage www.facebook.com/WeddingCakesU...
This CVE name which was released through MFSA - 2009 - 63 is about a series of vulnerabilities mainly in the vorbis library code .
I ’m going to give a brief description of each one included so let ’s start …
1 ) Vorbis Decoding Missing Checks
This one was reported by Lucas Adamski of Mozilla and the susceptible code resides in media / libfishsound / src/ libfishsound / fishsound_vorbis.c , and specifically in the following routine .
# if FS_DECODE static long fs_vorbis_decode ( FishSound * fsound , unsigned char * buf , long bytes ) { FishSoundVorbisInfo * fsv = ( FishSoundVorbisInfo *) fsound -> codec_data ; ogg_packet op ; long samples ; float * pcm_new ; int ret ; /*
Make an ogg_packet structure to pass the data to libvorbis */ ... if ( fsv->packetno < 3 ) { if ( ( ret = vorbis_synthesis_headerin ( &fsv - > vi , &fsv - > vc , &op ) ) == 0 ) { if ( fsv->vi.rate !=
0 ) { debug_printf ( 1 , " Got vorbis info : version % d\tchannels % d\trate %ld " , fsv->vi.version , fsv->vi.channels , fsv->vi.rate ) ; fsound->info.samplerate = fsv->vi.rate ; fsound->info.channels = fsv->vi.channels ; } } /* Decode comments from packet 1 . Vorbis has 7 bytes of marker at the * start of vorbiscomment packet .
*/ if ( fsv -> packetno == 1 && bytes > 7 && buf [ 0 ] == 0x03 && ! strncmp ( ( char *) & buf [ 1 ] , " vorbis " , 6 ) ) { ... } else if ( fsv-> packetno == 2 ) { vorbis_synthesis_init ( &fsv->vd , &fsv-> vi ) ; vorbis_block_init ( &fsv - >vd , &fsv ->vb ) ; } ... return 0 ; } #else /* !FS_DECODE */ #define fs_vorbis_decode NULL #endif
This function is used to decode an OGG file structure .
In case of a packet number less than three , it will invoke vorbis_synthesis_headerin ( ) to parse the vorbis information ( represented through ‘ &fsv - > vi ’ ) and the vorbis comments ’ section ( stored in ‘ &fsv - >vc ’ ) .
The problem is that vorbis_synthesis_headerin ( ) can fail in numerous situations as you can see below , the above code does n’t check if it succeeds or fails .
This can result in processing of an invalid vorbis structure .
/* The Vorbis header is in three packets ; the initial small packet in the first page that identifies basic parameters , a second packet with bitstream comments and a third packet that holds the codebook .
*/ int vorbis_synthesis_headerin(vorbis_info * vi,vorbis_comment * vc , ogg_packet * op ) { oggpack_buffer opb ; ... if ( memcmp ( buffer , " vorbis " ,6 ) ) {
/* not a vorbis header */ return ( OV_ENOTVORBIS ) ; } switch ( packtype ) { case 0x01 : /* least significant * bit * is read first */ if (!op->b_o_s ) { /*
Not the initial packet */ return ( OV_EBADHEADER ) ; } if ( vi->rate !=0 ) {
/* previously initialized info header */ return ( OV_EBADHEADER ) ; } ... case 0x03 : /* least significant * bit * is read first */ if ( vi->rate==0 ) { /* um ... we did n't get the initial header */ return ( OV_EBADHEADER ) ; } ... case 0x05 : /* least significant * bit * is read first */ if ( vi->rate==0 || vc->vendor==NULL ) { /* um ... we did n;t get the initial header or comments yet */ return ( OV_EBADHEADER ) ; } ... default : /*
Not a valid vorbis header type */ return ( OV_EBADHEADER ) ; break ; } } } return( OV_EBADHEADER ) ; }
This was patched by adding the missing checks like this :
fsound ->info.channels = fsv->vi.channels ; } + } else if ( ret < 0 ) { + /* error occured while decoding the header */ + return - 1 ; }
Since all of the error codes returned by vorbis_synthesis_headerin( ) are negative numbers , this check is sufficient and it will immediately return with no further processing .
A similar vulnerability was also present in fs_vorbis_decode ( ) when it was handling the second packet of a three - or - less OGG structure .
As you can read in the above snippet , it calls vorbis_synthesis_init ( ) and vorbis_block_init ( ) to initialize some members of the vorbis structure , however , those routines could fail and leave the structure in an inconsistent state for further processing .
This was fixed by applying the following patch :
} else if ( fsv->packetno == 2 ) { - vorbis_synthesis_init ( &fsv->vd , &fsv-> vi ) ; - vorbis_block_init ( &fsv - >vd , &fsv->vb ) ; + if ( vorbis_synthesis_init ( &fsv->vd , &fsv -> vi ) !=
0 ) + return - 1 ; + + if ( vorbis_block_init ( &fsv->vd , &fsv->vb ) !=
0 ) + return - 1 ; } } else {
In addition , Lucas Adamski provided a PoC trigger OGG file that you download here .
2 ) Vorbis Codebook Integer Overflow
This next bug was reported to Mozilla by Reed Loden .
However , for the original bug discovery ( under CVE - 2008 - 1423 name )
Dan Kaminsky should be credited since he was the one who discover it .
The suscpetible code is available at the media / libvorbis/lib/vorbis_codebook .c which is the location of the libvorbis library .
Here is a snippet of the vorbis_staticbook_unpack ( ) routine …
/* unpacks a codebook from the packet buffer into the codebook struct , readies the codebook auxiliary structures for decode *************/ int vorbis_staticbook_unpack ( oggpack_buffer * opb,static_codebook *s ) { long i , j ; memset ( s,0 , sizeof ( *s ) ) ; s->allocedp=1 ; ... /* first the basic parameters */ s->dim=oggpack_read(opb,16 ) ; s->entries=oggpack_read(opb,24 ) ; ... int quantvals=0 ; switch(s -> maptype ) { case 1 : quantvals=(s->dim==0?0:_book_maptype1_quantvals(s ) ) ; break ; case 2 : quantvals=s ->entries*s->dim ; break ; } /* quantized values */ s->quantlist=_ogg_malloc(sizeof (*s-> quantlist ) * quantvals ) ; for ( i=0 ; i< quantvals ;i++ ) s->quantlist[i]=oggpack_read(opb,s->q_quant ) ; ... return ( - 1 ) ; }
As you can read from the function ’s comments , this is used to unpack a codebook structure passed to it .
The vulnerable code starts during the initialization of ‘s -> dim ’ ( which represents the codebook dimensions ) and ‘ s -> entries ’ ( which contains the codebook entries ) using oggpack_read ( ) function .
This means that ‘s -> dim ’ can have values up to 2 ^ 16 - 1 ( that results in 65535 ) and ‘ s -> entries ’ up to 2 ^ 24 - 1 ( which is 16777215 ) .
Next , it has a switch statement to check if there is a mapping to unpack , in case of ‘s -> maptype ’ set to two ( aka. listed arbitrary values ) it will perform a calculation that could result in an integer overflow , that is :
s->entries * s->dim
If someone uses the maximum available values , this will result in the following :
65535 * 16777215 = 1099494785025
which will definitely not fit in the 32 - bit long , singed integer ‘ quantvals ’ .
The subsequent allocation using _ogg_malloc ( ) will lead to allocation of insufficient space and the following operations on that area will almost certainly result in heap memory corruption .
To fix this bug , the following patch was used :
if(s->entries==-1 ) goto _eofout ; + if( _ilog(s->dim ) +_ilog(s->entries ) > 24 ) goto _eofout ; + /* codeword ordering .... length ordered or unordered ? */ switch((int)oggpack_read( opb,1 ) ) {
This is a simple check that the sum of the bits used in ‘s -> dim ’ and ‘ s -> entries ’ are n’t more than 24 , since _ilog ( ) simply returns the number of bits as you can read at media / libvorbis/lib/vorbis_sharedbook .c…
/**** pack / unpack helpers ******************************************/ int _ilog ( unsigned int v ) { int ret=0 ; while ( v ) { ret ++ ; v>>=1 ; } return ( ret ) ; }
3 ) libvorbis OGG Heap Buffer Overflows
This next vulnerability which was reported by Matthew Gregan can be found in media / libvorbis/lib/vorbis_res0.c in the function listed below .
/* vorbis_info is for range checking */ vorbis_info_residue * res0_unpack(vorbis_info *vi,oggpack_buffer * opb ) { int j , acc=0 ; vorbis_info_residue0 * info=_ogg_calloc(1,sizeof (* info ) ) ; codec_setup_info *ci=vi->codec_setup ; ... info->partitions=oggpack_read( opb,6)+1 ; info->groupbook=oggpack_read( opb,8 ) ; for ( j=0 ; j< info-> partitions ;j++ ) { int cascade=oggpack_read( opb,3 ) ; if ( oggpack_read ( opb,1 ) ) cascade|=(oggpack_read( opb,5 ) < <3 ) ; info->secondstages[j ] =cascade ; acc+=icount ( cascade ) ; } for ( j=0 ; j< acc ;j++ ) info->booklist[j]=oggpack_read( opb,8 ) ; ... if ( info-> groupbook > =ci-> books ) goto errout ; for ( j=0 ; j< acc ; j++ ) { if ( info-> booklist[j ] >=ci->books ) goto errout ; if( ci->book_param [ info->booklist[j ] ]-> maptype==0 ) goto errout ; } ... int entries = ci->book_param [ info-> groupbook ]-> entries ; int dim = ci->book_param [ info-> groupbook ] -> dim ; int partvals = 1 ; while ( dim > 0 ) { partvals *= info -> partitions ; if ( partvals > entries ) goto errout ; dim --; } info -> partvals = partvals ; } ... errout : res0_free_info( info ) ; return ( NULL ) ; }
The problem with the above code is that the heap allocated ‘ info -> groupbook ’ which should contain the huffbook for partitioning is initialized using oggpack_read ( ) from the user controlled OGG file .
The same applies for ‘ info -> partitions ’ too ( this represents the possible codebooks for a partition ) .
The next ‘ for ’ loop will iterate for every possible codebook and and update ‘ cascade ’ and ‘ info -> secondstages ’ accordingly .
However , since the processed value is also retrieved directly from the user controlled buffer , it could be negative which will later result in memory corruption .
This first vulnerability was patched using the following approach :
info->groupbook=oggpack_read( opb,8 ) ; + /* check for premature EOP */ + if ( info -> groupbook <0 ) goto errout ; + for ( j=0 ;j< info-> partitions ;j++ ) { int cascade=oggpack_read( opb,3 ) ; - if(oggpack_read( opb,1 ) ) - cascade|=(oggpack_read( opb,5 ) <<3 ) ; + int cflag=oggpack_read( opb,1 ) ; + if ( cflag <0 ) goto errout ; + if ( cflag ) { + int c=oggpack_read( opb,5 ) ; + if ( c <0 ) goto errout ; + cascade|=( c << 3 ) ; + } info->secondstages [j ] =cascade ;
First of all , before even beginning the processing , they check for negative values in ‘ info -> groupbook ’ and the first ‘ for ’ loop was changed to check that the retrieved value ( which is now temporarily stored in ‘ cflag ’ ) is neither negative nor zero and the value to be OR ’d with ‘ cascade ’ is also checked for not being negative .
Back to res0_unpack ( ) , the second ‘ for ’ loop used to initialize ‘ info -> booklist [ ] ’ array directly from the OGG buffer was also patched in a similar manner …
acc+=icount( cascade ) ; } - for ( j=0 ; j< acc ;j++ ) - info->booklist[j]=oggpack_read( opb,8 ) ; + for ( j=0 ; j< acc ;j++ ) { + int book=oggpack_read( opb,8 ) ; + if ( book < 0 ) goto errout ; + info -> booklist[j ] =book ; + } if ( info-> groupbook > =ci ->books ) goto errout ;
Again , same negative values ’ checks before proceeding with the update .
At last , during the last code of the above snippet of res0_unpack ( ) you can read that integers ‘ entries ’ and ‘ dim ’ are initialized with the codebook entries and the codebook dimensions respectively .
Then , a ‘ while ’ loop takes place .
In it there is a multiplication that could result in an integer overflow since ‘ partvals ’ is just a 32 - bit long signed integer .
To avoid overflows the following patch was used .
if ( partvals > entries ) goto errout ; dim --; } + if ( partvals < entries ) goto errout ; }
So , before updating the ‘ info -> partvals ’ ( which should normally contain the “ artitions ^ groupbook dimensions ” as we can read at media / libvorbis/lib / backends.h ) with the calculated ‘ portvals ’ , it checks that the latter integer has n’t overflowed to a negative value .
Matthew Gregan also gave a PoC OGG file to trigger the bug at will which you can find here .
4 ) libvorbis Missing Checks
This is the last bug under this CVE name which was reported by David Keeler of Stanford University .
Here is the buggy code of vorbis_staticbook_unpack ( ) as seen at media / libvorbis/lib/vorbis_codebook .c…
/* unpacks a codebook from the packet buffer into the codebook struct , readies the codebook auxiliary structures for decode *************/ int vorbis_staticbook_unpack ( oggpack_buffer * opb,static_codebook *s ) { long i , j ; memset ( s,0 , sizeof ( *s ) ) ; s->allocedp=1 ; ... /* codeword ordering .... length ordered or unordered ? */ switch (( int)oggpack_read( opb,1 ) ) { case 0 : /* unordered */ ... case 1 : /* ordered */ { long length=oggpack_read( opb,5)+1 ; s->lengthlist=_ogg_malloc(sizeof(*s-> lengthlist )*s->entries ) ; for ( i=0 ;i<s -> entries ; ) { long num=oggpack_read( opb, _ilog ( s -> entries - i ) ) ; if ( num== - 1 ) goto _eofout ; for ( j=0 ; j< num && i<s->entries ; j++,i++) s-> lengthlist [i] =length ; length ++ ; } } break ; default : /* EOF */ return ( - 1 ) ; } ... _errout : _eofout : vorbis_staticbook_clear(s ) ; return ( - 1 ) ; }
The bug with this part of the routine is the case of an ordered codeword length .
The long signed integer ‘ length ’ is initialized using user controlled OGG buffer and ‘s -> lengthlist ’ points to some heap allocated space that was obtained using _ogg_malloc ( ) as you can read in the given code .
The next part is a simple ‘ for ’ loop that iterates for each codebook entry and updates all of their ‘ s -> lengthlist [ ] ’ array entries with the previously retrieved ‘ length ’ .
However , this value cannot be greater than 32 since it is used to contain the codeword length in bits !
Nevertheless , there is no check to ensure this , and an attacker could have complete control over this value .
To fix this , the following patch was applied :
long num=oggpack_read( opb,_ilog(s->entries - i ) ) ; if ( num== - 1 ) goto _eofout ; + if ( length > 32 ) goto _errout ; for ( j=0 ; j< num && i<s->entries ;j++,i++)
Quite expected patch .
Additionally , David Keeler uploaded a PoC OGG file that can be used to trigger the vulnerability .
This file can be downloaded here .
That ’s all …
I believe that those are a many bugs to be included under a single CVE name but they might know better .
In any case , have fun !
This tattoo leaves me speechless .
Just speechless .
What the hell was he thinking ?
Still , at least it ’s not lemonparty .
Efforts by Warner Music to prevent music piracy have gone so far that indie artist Edwyn Collins is unable to share one of his own tracks on MySpace .
In a response to the copyright drama , Collins ' manager explains that file - sharers are not the problem , but the labels themselves .
In the early nineties Edwyn Collins scored a hit with “ A Girl Like You , ” but after 15 years he thought it would be a good idea to share the song for free on MySpace .
However , this was easier said than done .
Although Collins owns the copyright to his own music , and all licensing deals for the track have expired , MySpace would n’t allow him to make the song available on his profile .
Grace Maxwell , the manager and wife of Collins , wrote about the unpleasant surprise in a recent blog post .
“ I was told Edwyn was attempting to breach a copyright and he was sent to the Orwellian MySpace copyright re-education page .
Quite chilling , actually .
I naturally blew my stack and wrote to MySpace on his behalf demanding to know who the hell was claiming copyright of Edwyn ’s track ? ” she wrote .
Well , as it turns out , Warner Music were claiming the song as their own and MySpace bought into it without even checking .
After she found out about this , Maxwell contacted one of Warner Music ’s lawyers who promised to resolve the issue , but months have passed and MySpace is still not allowing the song to be uploaded .
“ That is because MySpace are not equipped to deal with the notion that anyone other than a major can claim a copyright , ” the manager writes , adding that the file - sharers are not the biggest ‘ bootleggers ’ – the record labels are .
Several big shot labels are still selling Collins ’ track today even though their license to do so expired several years ago .
This basically means that the labels are pirating his music , and making profit from these activities .
Trying to stop the labels is useless according to Collins ’ manager .
“ Attempting to make them cease and desist would use up the rest of my life .
Because this is what they do and what they ’ve always done , ” she writes .
There is still hope though , says Maxwell .
Instead of abusing copyright for profit the music industry should work on new business models that allow fans to enjoy and discover unlimited music , while artists get their work heard by a larger audience .
“ Now let ’s get on with working out a wonderful new way for music lovers to enjoy music for free or for a small subscription that makes it legal and easy to hear ANYTHING and allows the artist to reap the rewards of such freedom of access .
Viva la revolucion ! ”
In the meantime Collins can put the song on The Pirate Bay , isoHunt or Mininova and link to it on MySpace .
Python is a programming language that I learnt somewhat recently ( something like 2 , 3 years ago ) and that I like very much .
It is simple , to the point , and has several functional - like constructs that I am already familiar with .
But Python is slow compared to other programming languages .
But it was unclear to me just how slow Python was compared to other languages .
It just felt slow .
So I have decided to investigate by comparing the implementation of a simple , compute - bound problem , the eight queens puzzle generalized to any board dimensions .
This puzzle is most easily solved using , as Dijkstra did , a depth - first backtracking program , using bitmaps to test rapidly whether or not a square is free of attack1 .
I implemented the same program in C++ , Python , and Bash , and got help from friends for the C# and Java versions2 .
I then compared the resulting speeds .
The eight queens puzzle consist in finding a way to place 8 queens on a 8×8 chessboard so that none of the queen checks another queen .
By “ checking ” , we mean that if the other queen was of the opposing camp , you could capture it if it were your turn to play .
So this means that no queen is on the same row , column , or diagonal as another queen .
Using a real chessboard and pawns in lieu of queens , you can easily find a solution in a few seconds .
Now , to make things more interesting , we might be interested in enumerating all solutions ( and , for the time being , neglecting to check if a solution is a rotated or mirrored version of another solution ) .
The basic algorithm to solve the Eight queens puzzle is a relatively simple recursive algorithm .
First , we place a queen somewhere on the first row and we mark the row it occupies as menaced .
We also do so with the column and two diagonals .
We then try to place a second queen somewhere on the second row , on a square that is menace - free , and mark the row , column , and diagonals of the new queen as menaced .
And we proceed in the same fashion for other queens .
But suppose that at the th stage , we cannot find a menace - free square , preventing us from placing the th queen .
If the situation arises , we give up for the th queen and backtrack to the th queen .
We try a new ( and never tried before ) location for the th queen and we go forth trying to place the th queen .
If may happen that we go all the way back to the th queen because there are no other solutions for the th queen , which asks for the th queen to be moved , which can also result in a dead - end ; and so forth all the way down to the th queen .
Because the algorithm proceeds depth - first and can rear back quite a bit in looking for new solutions , it is called a backtracking algorithm .
Backtracking algorithms are key to many artificial intelligence systems like , well , chess programs .
So I wrote the program for the queens puzzle for a board in C quite sometime ago ( circa 1995 ) , then I ported to C++ recently ( 2006 ) .
And just for kicks , I decided to port it to different languages , with help from friends for Java and C# ( of which I know about zilch ) .
The C++ versions consist in a generic version that accepts the board size as a command - line argument and in a constant - propagated version where the board size is determined at compile - time .
The Python versions , as there are two of them also , differ on how python - esque they are .
The first variant is a rather literal translation of the C++ program .
The second uses pythonesque idioms such as sets rather than bitmaps and turns out to be quite a bit faster — about 40 % faster in fact .
The Bash version is necessarily rather bash - esque as Bash does not offer anything much more sophisticated than arrays in terms of data structures .
All implementations were compiled with all optimizations enabled ( - O3 , inlining , interprocedural optimizations , etc. ) .
For C++ , I used g++ 4.2.4 , for C# , gmcs 1.2.6.0 , for Java , gcj 4.2.4 , Python 2.6.2 , and , finally , Bash 3.2.39 — all latest versions for Ubuntu 8.04 LTS , which does n’t means that they ’re the really latest versions .
So I ran all seven implementations with boards sizes ranging from 1 to 15 on a AMD64 4000 +
CPU ( the numbers are arbitrary ; I wanted to get good data but also limit the CPU time spent as the time increases factorially in board size ! ) .
At first , the results are not very informative :
As expected , all times shoot up quite fast , with , unsurprisingly , BASH shooting up faster , followed by the two Python implementations .
At this scale , Java , C# , C++ , C++- fixed ( the constant - propagated version ) all seems to be more or less similar .
To remove the factorial growth ( as even with a log plot the data remains rather unclear ) , I scaled all performances relative to the C++ version .
The C++ version is therefore 1.0 regardless of actual run-time ; for board size , the time needed by Bash , for example , was divided by the time needed by C++ for board size .
We now get :
We can use a log - scale for the axis to better separate the similar results :
We see three very strange things .
The first is Bash shooting up wildly .
The second is that C# relative time goes down with the increasing board size .
The third is that before , the results are fluctuating .
The first is easily explained : Bash is incredibly slow .
About 10,000 times as slow as the optimized compiled C++ version .
It is so slow that the two last data points are estimated as it would have taken an extra week , or so , to get them .
The second anomaly needs a bit more analysis .
Looking at the raw timing data , we can see that the C# version seems to be needing an extra 7 ms regardless of board size .
I do not know where that comes from , as the timings do not time things such as program load and initialization , but only the solving of the puzzle itself .
It may well be the JIT that takes a while to figure out that the recursive function is expensive and the run-time compilation takes 7 ms ?
Anyway , would we remove this mysterious extra 7 ms , the odd behaviour of the C# implementation would vanish .
The third anomaly is easily explained by the granularity of the timer and the operating system ; up to puzzle size of 8 , the times are much less than 100 μs for most implementations .
Suffice to move the mouse and generate a couple of interrupts to throw timing off considerably .
Removing the small board sizes yields :
which shows that the respective implementations are well behaved ( except for C# and its most probably JIT - related extra 7ms ) .
So we see that Bash is about 10,000 times slower than the optimized C++ version .
The constant - propagated version is only a bit ( ~5 % ) faster than the generic C++ version .
The Java version takes about 1.5 × the time of the C++ version , which is way better than I expected — do n’t forget that this is a native - code version of the Java program , it does n’t run on the JVM .
The C# version is twice as slow as the C++ version , which is somewhat disappointing but not terribly so .
The Python versions are 120× ( for the more pythonesque version ) and 200× slower .
That ’s unacceptably slow , especially that the Python programs are n’t particularly fancy nor complex .
We do see that using pythonesque idioms yields a nice performance improvement — 40 % — but that ’s still nowhere useful .
*
* *
So what does this tell us ?
For one thing , that Bash is slow .
But that Bash is slow even when it does n’t use any external command should not come as a surprise .
From what I understand from Bash , data structures are limited to strings and arrays .
Lists and strings are the same .
Basically , a list is merely a string with items separated by the IFS character (s ) , which causes all array - like accesses to lists to be performed in linear time as each time the string is reinterpreted given the current IFS .
So even though a construct such as $ {x [ i ] } looks like random - access , it is not .
As for explicitly constructed arrays ( as opposed to lists ) , there seems to be a real random - access capability , but it ’s still very slow .
I do not think that bash uses something like a virtual machine and an internal tokenizer to speed up script interpretation .
Maybe that ’d be something to put on the to - do list for Bash 5 ?
In any case , I also learnt that Bash is a lot more generic than I thought .
The other thing is that Python is not a programming language for compute - bound problems .
This makes me question how far projects such as Pygame ( which aims at developing a cromulent gaming framework for Python ) can go .
While all of the graphics and sound processing can be off - loaded to third party libraries written in C or assembly language and interacting with the platform - specific drivers , the central problem of driving the game itself remains complete .
How do you provide strong non-player characters / opponents when everything is 100× slower than the equivalent C or C++ program ?
What about strategy games ?
How can you build a MMORPG with a Python engine ?
Is a MMORPG I/O or compute bound ?
Could you write a championship - grade chess engine in Python ?
My guess is that you just can’t .
And that ’s quite sad because I like Python as a programming language .
I used it in a number of ( I / O - bound ) mini-projects and I was each time delighted with the ease of coding compared to C or C++ ( for those specific tasks ) .
It pains me that Python is just too slow to be of any use whatsoever in scientific / high - performance computing .
I wish for Python 4 to have a new virtual machine and interpreter to bring Python back with Java and C# , performance - wise .
Better yet , why not have a true native compiler like gcj for Python ?
*
* *
I am fully aware that the queens on a board puzzle is a toy problem of sorts .
But its extreme simplicity and its somewhat universal backtracking structure makes it an especially adequate toy problem .
If a language ca n’t handle such a simple problem very well , how can we expect it to be able to scale to much more complex problems like , say , a championship - level chess engine ?
*
* *
The raw data ( do not forget that the two last timings for Bash are estimated ) .
All times are in seconds .
Language 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 C++ 0.000000 0.000002 0.000003 0.000046 0.000005 0.000012 0.000036 0.000126 0.000569 0.002973 0.016647 0.080705 0.448602 2.830424 18.648028 C++- fixed 0.000000 0.000001 0.000001 0.000007 0.000005 0.000011 0.000033 0.000104 0.000500 0.002369 0.011468 0.065407 0.462506 2.765098 18.032639 C# 0.007315 0.007260 0.008356 0.007302 0.007864 0.007451 0.007421 0.008287 0.008452 0.012481 0.033548 0.154490 0.877194 5.444645 35.769138 Java 0.000001 0.000002 0.000002 0.000003 0.000005 0.000015 0.000049 0.000198 0.000895 0.004244 0.022947 0.128498 0.692349 4.457763 29.321677 Python 0.000012 0.000029 0.000054 0.000136 0.000424 0.001708 0.006078 0.026174 0.115218 0.546922 2.822554 15.405020 91.170068 581.983903 3762.739785 Python - 2 0.000012 0.000028 0.000045 0.000109 0.000318 0.001275 0.004125 0.017448 0.077854 0.348823 1.701767 9.349661 55.532111 339.244132 2259.010794 Bash 0.003054 0.010938 0.006067 0.011355 0.026913 0.091869 0.347451 1.472102 6.483076 30.813085 163.061341 891.828031 5031.663741 31746.000000 209162.000000
The More Pythonesque version :
#!/usr/bin/python
- O # -*- coding : utf - 8 -*- import sys import time ########################################
## ## ( c ) 2009 Steven Pigeon ( pythonesque version ) # # diag45=set ( ) diag135=set ( ) cols=set ( ) solutions=0 ########################################
## ## Marks occupancy # # def mark ( k , j ) : global cols , diag45 , diag135 cols.add(j ) ; diag135.add( j+k ) diag45.add( 32+j-k ) ########################################
## ## unmarks occupancy # # def unmark ( k , j ) : global cols , diag45 , diag135 cols.remove(j ) ; diag135.remove(j+k ) diag45.remove( 32+j-k ) ########################################
## ##
Tests if a square is menaced # # def test ( k , j ) : global cols , diag45 , diag135 return not ( ( j in cols ) or \ ( ( j+k ) in diag135 ) or \ ( ( 32+ j - k ) in diag45 ) ) ########################################
## ## Backtracking solver # # def solve ( niv , dx ) : global solutions , nodes if niv >
0 : for i in xrange ( 0 , dx ) : if test ( niv , i ) == True : mark ( niv , i ) solve ( niv - 1 , dx ) unmark ( niv , i ) else : for i in xrange ( 0 , dx ) : if ( test ( 0 , i ) == True ) : solutions += 1 ########################################
## ## usage message # # def usage ( progname ) : print " usage : " , progname , " < size > " print " size must be 1..32 " ########################################
## ## c /c++-style main function # # def main ( ) : if len( sys.argv ) < 2 : usage(sys.argv[ 0 ] ) else : try : size = int( sys.argv [ 1 ] ) except : usage(sys.argv[ 0 ] ) return if ( size <= 32 ) & ( size > 0 ) : start = time .
time ( ) solve ( size - 1, size ) elapsed = time .
time ( ) - start print " %s %0.6 f " % ( solutions , elapsed ) else : usage(sys.argv[ 0 ] ) # if __name__ == " __main__ " : main ( )
The other versions can be found here in super_reines.zip .
The Bash and C++ versions are somewhat Linux - specific .
A trick explained in detail in Brassard and Bratley , , Presses de l’Université de Montréal .
Translated to English : Fundamentals of Algorithmics ( at Amazon.com )
2 Frédéric Marceau translated the program from C++ to C#. François - Denis Gonthier translated from C++ to Java .
*
* *
So I added a third Python version to the archive .
I also benchmarked it .
It is quite a bit faster than the original one , and even than the ‘ pythonesque ’ version .
For example :
$ super- reines.py 12 14200 15.966019 $ super - reines - 2.py 12 14200 9.478235 $ super - reines - 3.py 12 14200 6.845071
So a more ‘ functional ’ version performs about 2.3× faster than a direct translation from C++.
For the same problem size , however , the C++ ( fixed ) version takes 0.069s … Roughly 100× faster than the 3rd version .
Share this : Reddit
Twitter
More
Facebook
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
SYDNEY ( Reuters Life ! ) - New Zealand was on Wednesday named the world ’s least corrupt nation out of a list of 180 countries , unseating Denmark after a year in which the global recession and ongoing conflicts proved challenging .
The annual index by Transparency International ranked 180 countries on a scale of zero to 10 according to 13 independent surveys , with zero being perceived as highly corrupt and 10 as having low levels of corruption .
New Zealand topped the table with a score of 9.4 after coming second last year .
In second place was last year ’s leader , Denmark with 9.3 followed by Singapore and Sweden tying at 9.2 and Switzerland at 9.0 .
Countries at the bottom of the table were those which are unstable or impacted by war and ongoing conflicts that have affected the public sector and torn apart governance infrastructure .
Somalia had a score of 1.1 , Afghanistan was 1.3 , Myanmar ranked 1.4 and Sudan tied with Iraq at 1.5 .
“ Stemming corruption requires strong oversight by parliaments , a well - performing judiciary , independent and properly resourced audit and anti-corruption agencies , vigorous law enforcement , transparency in public budgets , revenue and aid flows , as well as space for independent media and a vibrant civil society , ” said Huguette Labelle , chairwoman of Transparency International .
“ The international community must find efficient ways to help war - torn countries to develop and sustain their own institutions . ”
Rounding out the top 10 least corrupt nations were Finland , the Netherlands , Australia , Canada and Iceland .
Britain came 17th in the list and the United States was 19th with a score of 7.5 .
More than 130 of the countries scored below 5 .
Four people have been injured in a gun battle following an attempt to smuggle illegal immigrants into the United States from Mexico .
Three vans loaded with more than 70 people tried to force their way through the San Ysidro port of entry .
Joe Inwood reports .
by Unity
Since my last article on Steiner - Waldorf education in which I argued , that pseudoscience is not a valid educational choice , things have moved on somewhat .
In the last week or so Plymouth University has discontinued both its BA and Foundation degree courses in Steiner education , the only such courses in the UK .
Unlike Stockholm University , which took the same decision after concluding that the course literature contained ‘ too much myth and too little fact ’ , Plymouth University have decided to axe their course due to poor recruitment and retention of students , although it is looking at incorporating a Steiner option into its existing BA course in Education Studies .
They blame the government ’s decision to withdraw funding for second degrees for the demise of these course .
The excellent UK Anthroposophy blog has a rather more prosaic take .
Despite this obvious setback , the Steiner - Waldorf Schools Fellowship is pressing ahead with its efforts to get its nose into the state - funding trough by arranging a ‘ special pre-election seminar about possible developments in the state funding opportunity for Steiner schools ’ .
This will take place on the 17th November 2009 at the Charity Centre in Euston .
And if you have n’t already guessed the ‘ possible developments in state funding opportunity ‘ are those already indicated by Tory Shadow Education Minister , Michael Gove :
Under the Tory proposals , new schools entering the state system would be free from the constraints of the statutory national curriculum .
Mr Gove believes many parents think the particular teaching styles “ and atmosphere of the environment ” at Montessori and Steiner schools would suit them and their children .
This event has , to say the least , an interesting line - up of guest speakers .
Leading the way on an session entitled ‘ If the Conservatives win the election … ‘ will be Rachel Wolf , Director of the newly - formed ‘ New Schools Network ‘ think - tank / charoty , who will be presenting proposals for the state funding of Steiner Schools .
Before founding the New Schools Network , Wolf was an ‘ education advisor to the Conservative Party ‘ , although her biography omits to mention that she specifically worked for Michael Gove , having previously worked for Boris Johnson as a research assistant .
Of the organisation ’s nine listed trustees and advisers , six have a direct interest in diferrent elements of the government ’s existing academies programme .
Four – Sir Bruce Liddington ( EACT ) , Baroness Sally Morgan , Amanda Spielman ( Both ARK Schools ) and Christine Homer ( David Ross Foundation / Havelock Academy ) – are directly involved in organisations that are operating / opening academy schools .
Spielman and Homer are both trustees of the New School Network , Liddington and Morgan are listed as advisers .
Wolf ’s presentation will be followed by Sam Freedman , who ’ll be answering questions about future Tory schools policy .
Freedman is a Conservative Party Special Advisor ( to Michael Gove – i.e. doing Wolf ’s old job ) , having previously been the head of Policy Exchange ’s education unit until earlier this year .
Not uncoincidentally , Theodore Agnew , another of the New Schools Network ’s trustees , is also a trustee of Policy Exchange , as indeed was Michael Gove until he was promoted into the Shadow Cabinet .
Finally , Emma Craigie will be leading a discussion ‘ about our perception of the benefits and concerns implied by these proposals ‘.
Emma Craigie is , of course , the eldest daughter of William Rees - Mogg , who sits in the House of Lords as a cross - bencher having once stood for election as a Tory candidate in 1956 .
Craigie was an early and enthusiastic supporter of the Steiner - Waldorf school in Bruton , Somerset , sending all her four children to the school , which her youngest still attends .
Her brother , Jacob Rees - Mogg has previously contested the seat of Central Fife ( 1997 ) and The Wrekin ( 2001 ) as a Tory , losing on both occasions , and will be contesting the newly - created seat of North East Somerset at the next election .
As for Craigie ’s younger sister , Annunziata ( gezundheit ) Rees - Mogg , she will also be standing as a Tory candidate in the next general election , in the Somerton and Frome constituency in which the Briton Steiner school that Craigie supports is situated .
With friends like these , plus the occasional , carefully stage - managed Shadow Ministerial visit , its hardly surprising that the Steiner - Waldorf Schools Fellowship are getting what looks for all the world to be a free pass into the state - funded education system from the Tories , who seem to be remarkably incurious as to the background and beliefs of the occult society lurking behind these schools , the Anthroposophical Society .
What will the Tories be funding ?
I covered some of that background in my previous article , since which time I ’ve been forwarded a copy of the actual reading list ( pdf ) given to students taking the BA course in Steiner Education at Plymouth University – books listed on a blue background are specialist Anthroposophical / Steiner texts .
This affords us a chance to look at the kind of material that ’s being used in the training of Steiner teachers and learn a little more about how Steiner schools operate .
The reading list includes relatively few credible mainstream texts relatively to the weight of Steiner - specific material on the list .
As regards science , there is not one mainstream science text on then reading list , unless you count Gray ’s anatomy , while the final year ‘ Philosophy and Anthroposophy ’ module is , but for E O Wilson ’s book ‘ Consilience ‘ based entirely on Goethe and works promoting ‘ Gothean Science ’ .
It ’s also very noticeable , when it comes to the modules on ‘ School Experience ’ that while most of the recommended texts are mainstream texts ( i.e. not written by Anthroposophists ) especially in the first year of the course , all of these texts share one common feature : they are all highly critical of mainstream education .
Those modules are so unbalanced in their view of mainstream education that they amount at best to propaganda and at worst to outright indoctrination .
One book that does make the reading list for the course is Steiner ’s own ‘ Knowledge of the Higher Worlds and its attainment ’ in which students will be introduced to Steiner ’s views on race and reincarnation :
A race or a nation stands so much the higher , the more perfectly its members express the pure , ideal human type , the further they have worked their way from the physical and perishable to the supersensible and imperishable .
The evolution of man through the incarnations in ever higher national and racial forms is thus a process of liberation .
And if you ’ve any doubts as to what constitutes one of the ‘ higher national and racial forms ’ then Steiner had this to say in ‘ Die geistigen Hintergründe des Ersten Weltkrieges ’ ( The Spiritual Background of World War I ) :
People have white skin colour because the spirit works within the skin when it wants to descend to the physical plane … but where the spirit is held back , where it takes on a demonic character and does not fully penetrate the flesh , then white skin colour does not appear .
In theory , students on the Steiner Education course could be encouraged to critique that passage from ‘ Knowledge of the Higher Worlds ’ and reach the conclusion that Steiner got it wrong , that his views on race do not stand up in light of what we now understand about ‘ racial science ’ much as today ’s Darwinians are happy to acknowledge the that Galton , the Eugenics movement and the Social Darwinists were wrong in their racial and social interpretations of Darwinian evolutionary theory .
That assumes , however , that the Steiner movement is prepared to admit that Steiner ’s was wrong , raising awkward questions as to what else he might also have got wrong .
On the same reading list we find Robert Trostli ’s ‘ Physics is Fun ’ , a sourcebook for Steiner teachers that has this to say about the ‘ Task of the Teacher ’ in Steiner education :
“ The curriculum of the Waldorf school prepares students to receive the pictures of the Angels .
Which subjects help students develop the impulse of brotherhood ?
Which subjects help them develop a sense of what the human being really is ?
Geography and the foreign languages .
Which subjects help students develop a sense for the hidden divinity within each human being ?
History and literature .
Which subjects help students develop the ability to reach the Spirit through thinking ?
Science and mathematics . ”
Why this matters
Apologists for Steiner education routinely argue that anthroposophy is not taught to children in Steiner schools .
This is true only in a very limited sense .
The connection between anthroposophy and Steiner education ’s curriculum / teaching methods is not made explicit to either the children or , for the most part , their parents , all of whom are actively discouraged from asking questions about anthroposophy unless they already committed anthroposophists .
That ’s official line but , as Trostli ’s reference to the curriculum preparing students ‘ to receive the picture of the Angels ‘ , that ’s not what happens in practice – the ‘ picture of the Angels ’ is a poetic and highly euphemistic reference to the anthroposophical belief that :
[ A] ngels – the spirits closest to human beings – are seeking to create images in human astral bodies .
These images are given with the intention of bringing about ‘ definite conditions in the social life of the future ’ related to brotherhood , religious freedom , and conscious spirituality …
If … humanity sleeps though the angels ’ spiritual revelation , the consequences will be dire , and aberrations connected to sexuality , the misuse of medicine , and the misapplication of mechanical forces will begin to manifest .
Publisher ’s blurb for Steiner ’s ‘ The Work of the Angel in our Astral Body ’
Anthroposophy may not be explicitly taught in Steiner schools , but much , if not most , of what is taught aims to prepare students to receive those beliefs .
In this there are marked similarities between approaches used by the Anthroposophical movement and those of Scientology , which uses personality testing and self - improvement ‘ courses ’ ( rather than schools ) as a means of drawing in the suckers while very carefully keeping all the bat - shit stuff about Xenu and Thetans well in the background until their chosen marks are firmly on the hook .
Also on the Plymouth reading list is William Pelikan ’s ‘ The Secrets of Metals ’ , for which part of the publishers blurb reads as follows :
In The Secrets of Metals , Wilhelm Pelikan — in the light of spiritual science — discusses the significance of the classic “ seven metals ” and their importance for humankind as well as for nature as a whole and the Earth .
He also discusses the “ newer ” metals as well as the virtually unknown “ radiation effects of metals ” — the effects of which Rudolf Steiner used therapeutically .
As you may well have already guessed , the reason that these ‘ radiation effects of metals ’ are virtually unknown is because they do n’t exist .
Even without the closure of Plymouth ’s BA and Foundation degrees in Steiner Education – and its worth remembering that the entry standard for the BA was a mere 2 E’s at A level , it remains the case that a majority of teachers working in Steiner schools in the UK do not have a recognised teaching qualification .
As for the question of how any mainstream political party could give serious consideration to funding these schools from taxation , what we we know to date suggests that a pathological hatred of state education and a hefty dose of political nepotism seems to be enough to swing things in the Steiner movement ’s favour .
President Barack Obama plans to announce in next year 's State of the Union address that he wants to focus extensively on cutting the federal deficit in 2010 .
After spending binge , W.H. says it will focus on deficits
President Barack Obama plans to announce in next year 's State of the Union address that he wants to focus extensively on cutting the federal deficit in 2010 – and will downplay other new domestic spending beyond jobs programs , according to top aides involved in the planning .
The president 's plan , which the officials said was under discussion before this month ’s Democratic election setbacks , represents both a practical and a political calculation by this White House .
Advertisement
On the practical side , Obama has spent more money on new programs in nine months than Bill Clinton did in eight years , pushing the annual deficit to $ 1.4 trillion .
This leaves little room for big spending initiatives .
On the political side , Obama can help moderate Democrats avoid some tough votes in an election year and , perhaps more importantly , calm the nerves of independent voters who are voicing big concerns with the big spending and deficits .
Even if Obama succeeds - and that ’s a big if - it will be tough for many Democrats to sell themselves as deeply concerned about spending after voting for the stimulus , the bailouts , the health care legislation and a plan to address global warming , four enormous government programs .
“ Democrats have to reassure voters we are not being reckless , ” said a Democratic official involved in the planning .
“ The White House knows this and that 's why we 'll be hearing a lot about reducing the deficit early next year .
Democrats owned this issue for the past four years and cannot afford to cede it to Republicans now . "
White House budget director Peter Orszag said in a statement to POLITICO : “ The President strongly believes that as the recovery strengthens and job growth returns , we will have to take the tough steps necessary to return our nation to a fiscally disciplined and sustainable path .
We recognize that the projected medium - term deficits are too high , and as part of the FY 2011 budget process , we are committed to bringing them down .
Our challenge is to tackle those out - year deficits in a way and at a time that does not choke off economic recovery , and the FY 2011 budget will reflect our best judgment about how to walk that line . "
The big question for Obama – and the country – is whether the sudden concern about deficits will be more rhetoric than reality once his first State of the Union address concludes .
All presidents promise deficit reduction – and almost always fall short .
There is good reason to be skeptical of this White House , too , on its commitment .
For starters , the White House has not dropped plans for an aggressive global warming bill early next year that will be loaded with new spending on green technology and jobs – that would be paid for with tax increases .
Democratic lobbyist Steve Elmendorf says the White House focus on deficit reduction could easily kill the cap - and - trade effort .
“ I think this means cap - and - trade has to go to the backburner , ” he said .
Additionally , there is no evidence Democrats are willing to aggressively cut the biggest parts of the budget , such as entitlement programs and defense .
Former President Bill Clinton told Senate Democrats at their policy lunch this week that one of the biggest reasons to finish health care is to allow Obama to focus on economic concerns next year – in part with more spending .
Sen. Ron Wyden ( D - Ore. ) said afterward that Clinton had advised getting health care out of the way to “ clear the tables and allow the focus to be on jobs and education and infrastructure . ”
None of that is free .
The Wall Street Journal reported Thursday the White House is considering applying some money from the $ 700 billion financial bailout bill to deficit reduction , and that Cabinet agencies have been asked to submit two budget plans for next year , one that freezes spending at existing levels and one that trims spending by 5 percent .
Congress has long history of taking those requests and piling on money for programs it favors .
The only way Obama can prevent Congress from imposing its will – a tactic he has been reluctant to do during his presidency – would be to threaten vetoes .
And if Obama ’s political goal is to minimize tough votes , gutting domestic spending bills could mean fewer projects lawmakers can brag about back home .
History shows that that ’s often an impossible sale on the Hill .
Kenneth Baer , White House Office of Management and Budget spokesman , said : " You 'd have to be a graduate of Hogwarts to know what 's in a speech that has not been written , much less outlined , yet .
The President and his team are constantly reviewing and assessing policies to create jobs , lay the foundation for long - term economic growth , and put the nation on firm fiscal footing .
No decision has been made about what specific policies will be in the FY 2011 budget or any address . "
Officials involved in the planning say they 're looking for ways to cut spending , reduce the growth in costs in other areas besides health care , and find ways to get Republicans to share the risk .
Obama will likely find himself squeezed between economic and political pressures for much of the year .
Some White House officials do not want to focus on deficits until it ’s clear the economy is in full recovery .
It could take another jolt of tax cuts or spending to make that happen , these officials say .
“ If we try to reduce the deficit much below what ’s been projected , we really run the risk of undercutting the recovery , ” said Jim Horney , director of fiscal policy at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , a liberal think tank .
But many moderate Democrats are deeply troubled by two recent signs of serious discontent among independent voters .
The first was how badly Democrats lost among independent voters in the New Jersey and Virginia gubernatorial races .
The second was a Gallup poll released this week that showed Republicans winning the independent vote by 22 points in generic matchups for House and Senate races .
That same poll had the parties tied among independents in July .
Most of the competitive House and Senate races are in swing districts in which independent voters are the deciders .
“ A lot of independents , Democrats and Republicans -- all are concerned about is what are we going to do about this long - term debt , ” Obama told ABC ’s Jake Tapper Monday .
“ We 've got to show people that we are responsible stewards for their taxpayer dollars and that we 're taking some serious steps to at least lay the foundation -- the pathway -- for bringing those deficits down over the next several years . ”
Do you know about $ 5.00 Bargain Monday at the South Side Works Cinema ?
You should !
All day , every Monday , movie tickets to just about any film is $ 5 .
This includes new releases , so make sure you buy your tickets early to ensure your showing does n’t sell out .
Some restrictions apply , for instance , Sony Pictures films are not eligible for Bargain Monday pricing for the first 14 days of the release .
If you ’re hungry after the show and you ’d like to stick with the theme of Bargain Monday , stroll on down to Fatheads ( 1805 E. Carson St. ) for wing night .
Wings are 20 cents and you can get as many as you want , and feel free to mix and match flavors .
Wing night specials are also available on Wednesday .
Seasonal beers including Troeg ’s Mad Elf and Great Lakes Christmas
Ale are on tap at Fatheads right now .
If you ’re on the other side of the river , the AMC Loews Waterfront Theatre offers $ 5.00 showings all day , Monday through Thursday .
All this talk of movies making you hungry for popcorn ?
Make sure you print out your Popalot Card from Pittsburgh Popcorn Company for a free small bag of heavenly goodness after purchasing 9 bags of any size .
Each week , both Pittsburgh Popcorn Company locations feature different flavors .
One is usually seasonal and the other is a bit more non-traditional .
Through December 3 , 2009 , the Strip District ( 209 21st St ) store is featuring Gingerbread Cookie Corn and Spicy Southwest Cheddar .
Through December 1 , 2009 , at the downtown ( 822 Liberty Ave ) store , you can pick up Pumpkin Spice or Dill Pickle .
If you feel like sharing the popcorn love , they ship nationwide !
Photo by Jennie Roth .
About JSONLint ?
JSONLint is a validator and reformatter for JSON , a lightweight data - interchange format .
Copy and paste , directly type , or input a URL in the editor above and let JSONLint tidy and validate your messy JSON code .
Tips & Tricks
You can directly input a URL into the editor and JSONLint will scrape it for JSON and parse it .
You can provide JSON to lint in the URL if you link to JSONLint with the " json " parameter .
Here 's an example URL to test .
parameter .
Here 's an example URL to test .
JSONLint can also be used as a JSON compressor if you add ?
reformat=compress to the URL .
Common Errors
Expecting ' STRING ' -
You probably have an extra comma at the end of your collection .
Something like { " a " : " b " , }
- You probably have an extra comma at the end of your collection .
Something like Expecting ' STRING ' , ' NUMBER ' , ' NULL ' , ' TRUE ' , ' FALSE ' , ' { ' , ' [ ' -
You probably have an extra comma at the end of your list .
Something like : [ " a " , " b " , ]
, , , , , , -
You probably have an extra comma at the end of your list .
Something like : Enclosing your collection keys in quotes .
Proper format for a collection is { " key " : " value " }
Make sure you follow JSON 's syntax properly .
For example , always use double quotes , always quotify your keys , and remove all callback functions .
Different Results
If you use a Windows computer you may end up with different results .
This is possibly due to the way Windows handles newlines .
Essentially , if you have just newline characters (
) in your JSON and paste it into JSONLint from a Windows computer , it may validate it as valid erroneously since Windows may need a carriage return ( \r ) as well to detect newlines properly .
As a solution , either use direct URL input , or make sure your content 's newlines match the architecture your system expects !
Credits
Maintained by CircleCell .
Thanks to Douglas Crockford of JSON and JS Lint , and Zach Carter , who built a pure JavaScript implementation .
You can download the JSONLint source code on GitHub .
Mr Natapei is flying back home from the Commonwealth summit
The prime minister of Vanuatu has been stripped of his position and parliamentary seat because of a basic paperwork error .
Edward Natapei , who has been attending a Commonwealth summit , missed three consecutive sittings without submitting a written explanation for his absence .
Under Vanuatu 's law , this means he must forfeit his seat .
The Pacific island - nation will now be ruled by a caretaker government until MPs elect a new prime minister .
The vote is expected next week , and there will also be a by - election for Mr Natapei 's seat .
To have retained his seat , Mr Natapei - who is now flying back from the Commonwealth summit in Trinidad and Tobago - needed simply to have notified the parliamentary Speaker .
Sam Wainwright with Justine Kamprad .
Justine Kamprad is a co-convenor of the Fremantle branch of the Socialist Alliance , in Western Australia ( WA ) , and was the party 's campaign director for the October 17 , 2009 , Fremantle City Council election , which saw socialist Sam Wainwright top the poll and get elected with 33.44 % of the vote .
Wainwright is the first member of the Socialist Alliance to be elected to public office in Australia , and one of only two socialist party members currently in an elected local council position in the country .
Jim McIlroy spoke to Kamprad about the successful campaign .
* * *
What were the main aims of Sam Wainwright ’s election campaign ?
The main goals of the campaign were to engage the local community , and create the hope that their activism could be effective .
That was a huge part of the campaign .
When Sam announced he was going to run a number of people approached him about forming policy with him and actively engaging in developing community interest .
The clearest example of this is the disability rights area .
There were many people who came to Sam wanting to become involved as individuals and with their organisations in writing quality policy for the Fremantle council around disability support services .
But also they had the respect for Sam as an activist who they thought they could work with to try to get that policy implemented , knowing full well that even if Sam was elected he would n’t hold the majority of votes on council .
The Socialist Alliance was n’t running as a ticket to take over the council , to create a council that would be able to do all these things on behalf of people .
Sam was running as a councillor to give a community voice for peoples ’ campaigning , to be another tool in the campaigning arsenal in the Fremantle area .
Often we know that for all the good intentions of the councillors , sometimes policy does n’t get voted on or is n’t exactly what people want , or it gets trapped in the bureaucracy or the committee stage .
This was about getting an activist onto council , rather that somebody who wanted to be involved in the bureaucracy .
Sam is a declared socialist , well known in the local area , and had run for the Socialist Alliance in the previous state government by - election for Fremantle .
What was the structure of this campaign ?
Did he get support from other groups and individuals to run for the council ?
Sam has been a longstanding candidate for the Socialist Alliance in the Fremantle area .
He has been living in the community for about six years .
He is very well known as an activist .
But in this case , there was additional support that was quite deep and came from a variety of political backgrounds .
There were a number of reasons for this .
One was that most people believed his campaign was winnable .
And another was that they believed that Sam was a very genuine activist , non-sectarian and that he would work tirelessly for the community and its campaigns .
Sam has built up that level of credibility over a long time .
Those things coming together meant that there were a number of people who would not necessarily support us in other elections who were prepared to support us this time .
Also we received a large amount of publicity during the Fremantle by - election .
In some ways Sam was already a well - known public figure .
During the course of the council campaign , people walked up to him in the local hardware shop and supermarket saying , “ You ’re that Sam guy , good on you ” , and that kind of thing .
So he was already well recognised when the council campaign started .
What did the local Socialist Alliance membership see as the purpose of the campaign ?
As a co-convenor of Socialist Alliance , I was really supportive of Sam ’s campaign , and there were a number of reasons for that .
One is that to have an open socialist elected in the way that Sam was brings a degree of legitimacy to socialism in Western Australia .
It brings a level of respect to all those who talk about being socialists and wear that badge quite proudly .
The other part of it is that the Socialist Alliance is genuinely engaged in campaigning in Western Australia .
We believe that Sam winning this position wo n’t be a panacea for the various campaigns .
It certainly wo n’t fix some campaigns that are huge on our radar like the campaign against uranium mining and export .
But what [ the election result ] will do is put an extra tool in the toolkit for activists to draw on and to use to further their cause .
What made the Socialist Alliance ’s campaign different from other parties ?
All of the policies Sam campaigned on are values the Socialist Alliance supports .
In particular , in the election policy leaflet , Sam clearly stated that he was co-convenor of Socialist Alliance in Fremantle and had served on the state executive .
He explained that as a trade unionist [ he is a member of the Maritime Union of Australia ] and as a socialist , he had learnt important skills that would help him represent the community in a positive way .
It was n’t about saying , “ I am qualified to do this job because I am a socialist ” , but rather , “ These are the skills that being a socialist brings me , and means that I will bring to you in supporting your campaigns . ”
So the election campaign strongly supported the ideas of socialism .
And for me , one of the strengths of the Socialist Alliance is that we are a collective of activists , a collective of people who want to change the world .
All the things the Socialist Alliance is fighting for , if they were fundamentally implemented , would make Fremantle a better place .
And some of them would make the world a better place .
And that ’s what Sam ’s campaign was all about .
It ’s about having hope as well .
It ’s was about having the hope that we can campaign and that we can win by openly being who we are , as socialists .
That we can speak openly to the community as socialists , not shying away from the fact .
What were the main policy planks of Sam ’s campaign ?
First , we said we wanted to make Fremantle a “ fight climate change ” council .
There have been many environmental campaigns that have a strong base in Fremantle .
There ’s a large base of the Sea Shepherd environmental group in Fremantle .
There ’s also an organisation called the Fremantle Anti-Nuclear Group .
They had a little bit of a break for a year or so .
Unfortunately due to the election of the Liberal Party state government , there ’s very much pressure on WA once again to be part of the nuclear industry .
Climate change is one of the issues around which Fremantle residents are very conscious .
If Sam ’s plans for council action on climate change are implemented , it will serve as a model in WA for how councils can shift to a less wasteful and more climate - friendly footing .
But it also puts responsibility on the councillors to speak out against wasteful things and negative things in terms of our environment .
When someone is elected on that platform it allows him or her to engage with and help the climate movement — climate change activists — who want to make a difference .
The second plank was better public transport , including linking Fremantle to [ the suburbs of ]
Beaconsfield , Hilton and Samson with free Central Area Transit ( CAT ) buses .
That links in with the first policy .
Public transport is one of the practical steps that we need to take in order to de-congest our roads , to stop spending the inordinate amount of money that we are now on roads and also to get people out of their cars and into public transport .
The original CAT buses were in Perth .
The fundamental principle of the CAT bus is that it is a free service .
There are only two such services in WA .
One is the Perth Free Transit Service and the other is the CAT bus , which runs basically as a tourist service in Fremantle — and it only goes to suburbs that you have to have a lot of money to live in the first place .
We should provide free public transport for the people who live in the poorer suburbs of Hilto , Hamilton and Willagee to give them more of a chance to engage in our community .
We would like the Fremantle City Council to have a look at the needs of the community , and fundamentally shift from being a car - based community to being a public transport and bicycle - based community .
Sam 's campaign also focused on fighting for the rights of council and community workers .
This is quite a hot topic .
In the Fremantle state by - election there was a lot of debate .
The outgoing mayor Peter Tagliaferri had been preselected for the Australian Labor Party ( ALP ) for the seat of Fremantle .
The union that represented the employees of the Fremantle City Council , the Australian Services Union ( ASU ) , urged its members not to vote for Tagliaferri .
Council workers are now on a non-union collective agreement .
And some work conditions have been undermined for future workers .
The existing workforce managed to keep hold of what they had , but some provisions of the new agreement adversely affected new workers .
The ASU and its members did n’t want that to go forward .
They thought that it essentially meant taking [ rights and conditions from ] the next generation of workers .
Their opposition created a large amount of conflict within the council .
Sam ’s position was clearly to support the right of workers to be unionised .
One of the things that he ’s done since he ’s been elected has been to engage with his union ( the Maritime Union of Australia ) , and a number of other unions , to organise a community float for the Fremantle Festival , which is called “ Unions : Part of the Fremantle Community ” .
The ASU was one of the initiators of the float .
It was about putting Fremantle back on the map as a trade union town , has it has been for a long time and needs to stay that way .
That we need to respect workers ’ rights within our institutions .
Another big campaign issue for the Socialist Alliance was maintaining the area ’s beaches , parks and green spaces for everyone .
Fremantle is a beautiful place .
The beaches are very nice .
And there ’s a lot of open community space .
But there has been the move to privatise those spaces , and sell some of them off for high - density urban development .
This includes the Three Harbours Project , which was trying to create a Dubai - style development in WA .
Sam was involved in the campaign to stop that .
But more fundamentally , we need to keep the beaches as public property — available to everyone .
For a long time Fremantle was a poor working - class area , but when people caught on to the idea that it was a beautiful place they started to move there .
And unfortunately that has been a contradiction .
Although we welcome people to our area , it has resulted in development pressure on beaches and so on .
We want to make sure we maintain the green spaces that we do have .
But not only the big ones like the beaches , but we want to maintain in our suburbs places for children to play and places for people to walk and to enjoy the green spaces when they want to .
All this makes us a more healthy community .
Next , we said council rates should be based on the ability to pay .
I ’m quite excited about this .
We have a really massive problem in Fremantle , which is that there is a lot of land which is exempt from rates -- educational institutions , state government - owned properties and those kinds of things .
Where the state government is n’t putting in its fair share , we need to be looking at making sure that this is actually happening .
And that includes land such as that owned by the Fremantle Port Authority , and other places like that .
But also we need to make sure that where educational institutions are private and run for profit , that they ’re not taking advantage of the rates situation .
Notre Dame University owns quite a lot of land in Fremantle ’s western end , and many of the buildings there have been saved because of council orders around heritage .
It is a rapidly growing institution , which is run for profit .
The ironic thing is that every time Notre Dame buys another building , that undermines the council rate base .
So there ’s a memorandum of understanding between the council and Notre Dame University and it needs to be reviewed to make sure that it is paying at least the equivalent of business rates that would be paid by any other private profit venture .
We have a lot of long - term residents who may have bought their properties before Fremantle became a trendy place to live in .
We want to make sure that those older and longer - term residents are valued and that they are encouraged to stay in the area .
I do n’t think there is any magic formula in terms of rates , but it really does need to be looked at by the community , as to how we keep these people , whether it ’s rate freezes , or banding like they have in England .
There , they have a number of different bands , which can mean that some residents are exempt from rate rises .
Nearly all the rates in our area , whether it be Melville Council or Fremantle , have gone up much higher than inflation and we need to look at how we are going to address this problem in Fremantle .
And the last major issue we raised , a big one , is “ council democracy ” .
As socialists we argue for more democracy .
More democracy in the council arena is definitely a good thing .
But what we need to do is to give the community real control over its resources , how money is spent and where it is spent , and also how we address key issues .
At present there are regular precinct meetings , which allow residents to bring up issues .
But there is no binding mechanism on the council to actually address issues that are raised .
We need a discussion about how we can get people more involved , and how we can bring new standards of democracy to the council .
But what it is really about is encouraging activism , and valuing our activists .
We need to get people speaking their minds and thinking of real solutions to the problems that we face .
Could you clarify the concept of a `campaigning council ' ?
It ’s about saying that the council needs to more than just be a functional institution for running local government .
It should have a deeper role in our community than that .
One of the things the council can do is to get behind and support key campaigns that they know the Fremantle community is on board with .
For example , we know that the Fremantle community is overwhelmingly against the nuclear industry and has been for a long time .
It ’s not just about standing up periodically and saying we ’re against the nuclear industry , but looking at a real plan for how we can support those campaigns being run by the anti-nuclear groups and deciding what the council is willing to do to prevent the expansion of the nuclear industry in WA .
That ’s the question that Sam will be looking closely at .
It seems ironic that the council has a formal position of being anti-nuclear , and yet there was a large uranium mining conference held here only months before the state election .
What about the campaign for Aboriginal people 's rights ?
There ’s a large Indigenous community in the electorate , mainly in the suburb of Hilton .
There is also a very vital campaign being run in regard to the death of an Indigenous elder , Mr Ward , in a prison van .
It is very important that we build support for that campaign in Fremantle .
But more broadly than that , we have to look at the criminalisation of our young Indigenous people and the huge incarceration rate they suffer .
One of the things that we do need to look at is how to make positive community change .
There ’s the Nungar patrol that ’s happened in Fremantle for a long time .
Basically it ’s a service to make sure that Nungar people [ the local Aboriginal people ] are not left on the streets , when they are vulnerable to attack .
At night it helps Nungar people get home and it is also a culturally relevant service in terms of conflict resolution and so on .
Part of Sam ’s campaign was to support the Nungar patrol being extended into the suburbs .
It is a culturally relevant solution , rather than criminalisation .
How did this relate to Neighbourhood Watch ?
Essentially , there are a layer of people in our community who are older and are frightened , and to whom law and order issues are very real .
And they do feel threatened .
We have to make sure that the solution that the community comes up with does n’t just mean more criminalisation of young people .
We have to actively engage in this dialogue , rather than just shut it out and say , “ Oh that ’s just law and order politics , and socialists just do n’t do it . ”
It is not ok to abstain in these discussions .
We want to have an open dialogue with Neighbourhood Watch that says that if there are police in our community , they have to be accountable .
We have to recognise the negative role of the police , but we also have to look at ways to make our communities a better place to live in , which includes stopping the cycle of violence and criminalisation in our communities .
And if we can open that dialogue up with people who are campaigning around law and order issues , it will be a much more positive dialogue — rather than the one that tends to happen , because the mainstream media presents all of this fear - based politics .
The main solution currently offered is : if we lock everyone up , all of the community ’s problems will be solved .
That has n’t worked , and we need to engage with the community members directly , to find out what the their concerns really are .
A lot of work went into the election campaign .
How did it develop ?
Sam and others did a lot of work during this campaign .
But we did use a formula , devised by the campaign team at the start of the effort .
Essentially that formula went something like this :
Sam had to tell people exactly who he was , but he also had to ask people what their opinions were .
A very powerful tool that he used was to survey every household in the community , asking people what their priorities were for their community .
Sam doorknocked the majority of people in the area .
He held community BBQs and picnics in an attempt to find out the issues that were impacting on the community .
Because there is no point saying you want to represent people if you do n’t know that community , if you ’re not genuinely interested in the views and concerns the community has .
Now that you have a socialist elected to the Fremantle council , what is the future for the community and the campaign for socialism ?
It ’s a very positive sign for socialists .
There were a lot of people who said , “ Look , people really like you , but this socialist thing really scares them ” , or “ You ca n’t do that if you want to get elected ” .
Despite this ,
Sam said clearly on the front of all his leaflets that he was a socialist .
He was running because he was a socialist , he was committed to left - wing principles , and if people did n’t want to vote for that , they should n’t vote for him .
And it was a really positive sign that he was elected .
It is positive for the Socialist Alliance , but also for activists in WA .
The state needs more activism .
We need more people to get out on the streets and get into all these different forms of campaigning to effect some real change from the grassroots level .
Sam will be a spirited activist in favour of that form of change , and I ’m sure he will lead the way in that area .
I ’m really excited about what he ’ll be able to achieve , and what socialists in WA will be able to achieve .
There are a lot of positive lessons that socialists around Australia can learn out of the campaign .
But what it clearly shows is that people are n’t afraid of socialist ideas .
The community in general is n’t afraid of people campaigning on principled ideas .
One crucial idea is that capitalism has had its day .
And we need to replace it with something that is more positive , more humane and more environmentally sustainable .
That a socialist could be elected in Fremantle , or anywhere , to represent that idea , and be proud to wear that badge , is a really positive change .
It ’s breaking out of the idea that the inner-city “ left ghettoes ” of Sydney and Melbourne is where change and activism happens .
It shows the outlying capitals and the regional areas have just as much to contribute in terms of conscious political change as those other places do , and just as much power to make it happen .
By Billy Wharton
November 9 , 2009 --
Where is the socialism now ?
Frenetic right - wingers spent a good part of the US summer shouting about the “ government takeover of health care ” or the “ stealth socialist health - care plan ” .
Now that the Affordable Healthcare for America
Act has been passed by a slim margin in the US House of Representatives , on November 8 , there are few traces of anything even resembling socialism .
Instead , Americans will find the good , the bad and the ugly of health - care reform all contained within the 1990 - page bill .
The good
The longer a rotten system lasts , the more any change to it is perceived to be a giant leap forward .
In this light , the House health bill contains some positive changes .
Insurers will now be prevented from refusing enrollment based on a pre-existing condition , or from dropping subscribers who become ill .
Such policies have allowed private insurers to maintain profit margins and , consequently , are contributing factors to the swelling ranks of the uninsured .
Their elimination is certainly a positive reform .
Another provision in the bill removes the anti-trust exemption for private health insurers .
Since 1945 , insurers have been exempt from federal anti-trust law but subject to whatever state - by - state provisions existed .
Insurers argued that this allowed them to share essential information about pools of subscribers in order to determine risk .
In practice , much more than information was shared .
The American Medical Association reports that large insurers now control 94 % of health - care business in most regional markets .
A few large - scale private insurers lord over each segment of the country .
House Democrats view anti-trust law enforcement as a means to combat this concentration , but it presents a more ominous prospect when viewed inside of the rest of the reform proposal .
Transforming the mass number of uninsured in the United States , at last count around 48 million people , into potential customers will favour those companies capable of operating economies of scale .
In other words , the larger the corporation , the easier it will be to price your way into the new market .
For a time , prices may drop , but only at the cost of further monopolisation , this time on the national instead of regional scale .
Anti-trust law is a notoriously weak weapon to break up monopolies , since enforcement is contingent on the political appetite of whatever administration directs politics in Washington .
Removing the exemption is positive , yet creating the conditions to expand the problem of monopolisation seems to neutralise the benefits .
The bad
Many emotional pleas and an equally large number of words have been delivered for and against the public option .
Right - wingers point to it as the crux of the secret ``socialist '' plan , while honest liberals made it a litmus test for the utility of the bill .
What emerged from the debate is a watered - down version of a public plan sabotaged by concessions made to a vocal right wing and paid for by campaign contributions to Democrats from the private insurance lobby .
Key to the watering - down was de-linking reimbursement rates from the Medicare schedule .
Medicare operates as a price - fixed program where rates are negotiated into annual budgets through the legislature .
These are , generally , significantly below rates in the private sector .
The House bill version of the public plan will operate with rates determined by the marketplace .
This means that the private sector will play a primary role in determining the cost structure in which the public plan will operate .
This will end the deflationary effect a Medicare - compensation structure would have and may also mean , as the Congressional Budget Office has argued , that a public plan will be forced to offer more expensive plans than private insurers .
The weak public plan will have negative ripple effects inside the overall reform .
The uninsured who can prove financial need , can now apply for “ insurance credits ” to purchase coverage .
However , since the public plan may prove to be more expensive than private plans , it is likely that a significant amount of public subsidies will be funneled into the coffers of private health insurers .
This fits with a larger pattern being developed by the administration of US President Barack Obama of funneling good public money into bad private sector businesses that have failed to meet the needs of the US people .
The double problems of price inflation inside the plan and the issuance of insurance credits to private companies threaten to drive the already inflated price tag for the reform well past the estimated US $ 1.2 trillion .
The Ugly
In another act of right - wing sleight of hand , House Democrats shifted the mandate burden from the business community onto individuals .
Republican Party pressure forced the ceiling on businesses mandated to provide insurance to their employees up to $ 500,000 in payroll .
This will allow a significant swath of the businesses to be relieved of the burden of purchasing insurance .
Conversely , individuals will be forced by the government to carry some sort of health insurance .
The penalty for not doing so will be a fine of 2.5 % of your income .
Continued non-payment and remaining uninsured will result in further fines and a possible jail term .
This is a bonanza for private insurers , as millions will be forced into a new market for low - cost health insurance .
Such plans are sure to skimp on coverage and run high on costs .
The site of the herding will be the new health insurance exchanges .
This idea , championed by the conservative Heritage Foundation , will insure that market - based ideology frames the new health - care system .
Rates will be determined , insurance offerings will be made and terms of care will be formulated here .
All this with the continued logic of the marketplace where profits are a central concern and people ’s health an afterthought .
Not socialism
None of the changes outlined above amount to socialism .
Nor do they even signal the opening of a road which could lead to a socialist health care plan .
The hope for genuine reform rests in the same place as it did before the bill was passed – in the certainty that the private sector will make such a mess of health care that the US people will be outraged enough to move towards socialising health care .
A single - payer plan would cut across the good , the bad and ugly of this round of health - care reform .
Our health would cease to be a commodity and be guaranteed as a human right .
Plenty of organising is needed to win a single - payer plan and , in the immediate term , we have plenty of myths to dispel about the wonders of small reforms .
[ Billy Wharton is the co-chair of the Socialist Party USA and editor of The Socialist and the Socialist WebZine ]
* * *
Vote no on Obama - care !
Healthcare is our human right !
Socialist Party USA statement
http://socialistparty-usa.org/statements/no3962.html
While citizens in most other industrialized nations enjoyed the benefits of publicly administered healthcare from the aftermath of WW II forward , Americans have suffered under a healthcare system dominated by private corporations .
For - profit healthcare has produced negative health outcomes at all levels of the system .
More than 48 million people have no health insurance , 30 million more are underinsured and 6 out of 10 Americans report that they have either delayed or deferred a necessary medical procedure in the last year .
Americans are more than ready for publicly - run healthcare that guarantees access at all levels of the system .
Unfortunately , the bill recently passed by the House of Representatives , The Affordable Healthcare for America Act ( HR 3962 ) , and the proposals being considered by the Senate will not provide the relief Americans so desperately need .
Instead , these reforms were shaped and , in some cases , authored by the very same private interests who have spent decades collecting massive profits by restricting access to care .
As a presidential candidate , Barack Obama sensed the growing public anger about healthcare and scored many popularity points for promising “ universal healthcare coverage . ”
Once in office , after taking millions from the healthcare lobby , his rhetoric shifted to the neoliberal promise of “ choice and competition ” in healthcare .
The primary problem with HR 3962 and the Senate proposals is that all of the changes they propose are made within a for - profit system .
The House Bill strips the insurance companies of the right to deny coverage based on a pre-existing condition .
Yet , it de-links the public option from Medicare reimbursement rates , thereby surrendering pricing to the private sector .
The Bill removes the anti-trust exemption enjoyed by private insurers .
However , it simultaneously mandates that all Americans carry some form of health insurance , thereby herding millions into low - coverage high - fee private plans .
Each step in a positive direction is coupled with a restructuring that will enrich private insurance companies and pharmaceutical makers .
The bills lost further reform credentials as Democrats cut last minute deals with Republicans .
Immigrants were removed from eligibility for the public option , abortions were written out of the proposal and Medicare funding was cut .
The Medicare cuts are particularly cruel , since they will reduce an already compromised plan to bare bones coverage .
Some of the cuts will limit private insurance profiteering , but others will slash necessary items such as exercise programs for seniors .
Overall , these omissions signal that the reforms are not about providing comprehensive medical coverage , but about political expediency within the establishment political class .
The next round of negotiations in the Senate is sure to produce even further regressive measures as campaign - donation driven legislators cut more deals .
What people in this country need is healthcare .
It is their right as human beings .
The only way to secure this right is to place the healthcare system in public hands– - to remove the profit - motive from the system .
Single - payer healthcare , as embodied in House Resolution 676 , would be a positive step in this direction .
It would provide universal access to care to all residents of the United States by abolishing private health insurance companies .
In thirteen clearly written pages , HR 676 does the things the 1,990 page HR 3962 does not .
Access to care is made universal , a framework is created to make bulk negotiations with hospitals and doctors and healthcare activists would be freed to set their sights on making the pharmaceutical industry public as well .
The Socialist Party USA therefore encourages its members and supporters to continue their work in the single - payer movement and to pressure elected representatives to vote “ No ” on the Senate proposal and , eventually , on the merged bill .
All non-violent forms of protest should be employed to prevent the passage of this legislation .
The protests should clearly oppose the legislation .
We do not want a stronger public option , we want what is rightfully ours–- unfettered access to healthcare services .
The passage of the weak and contradictory reform bills threaten to disgrace the notion that the public sector should play a prominent role in the administering of healthcare .
Resisting the Obama , House and Senate proposals for reform not only promotes the idea that healthcare is a human right , it sends the message that people will not allow private sector campaign contributions to drive politics– - the satisfaction of our needs as humans should shape legislation .
Access to healthcare is our human right .
We must build a movement to secure this right .
Say no to HR 3962 !
Say no to Obama Care !
Yes to single - payer !
Yes to a socialized medical system !
For more information contact natsec@socialistparty-usa.org
What Car Insurers Consider When Calculating Your Premium
Your Vehicle
Your car insurance provider will take into account a number of factors relating to your vehicle when calculating your annual premium , including :
The car ’s make and model
Its security features ( for example , a car alarm or an engine immobiliser )
Its engine size
Its insurance group
Its age
Its mileage
Whether or not it has been modified
Whether or not it is an import car
When it comes to your vehicle ’s insurance group , it ’s important to realise that every car is assigned to a group from 1 to 50 with cars in lower groups generally cheaper to insure .
A range of factors are used to allocate vehicles to a particular insurance group , including the car ’s financial value and performance level , the cost and availability of spare parts for the vehicle , and the average time required for repairs .
You
Both road traffic accident data and insurance claims data have demonstrated to insurers that young drivers represent a much higher insurance risk than older drivers .
In fact , data from Brake , the road safety charity , has revealed that drivers under the age of 20 are 33 % more likely to be killed in a car accident than someone in their 40s or 50s .
Research suggests that younger drivers are more likely to take dangerous risks when behind the wheel , while their relative inexperience on the road is also a contributing factor .
The increased insurance risk for younger drivers usually translates into higher car insurance premiums , while older drivers often find that they ’re offered much cheaper car insurance premiums – particularly if the older driver has built up a substantial No Claims Discount ( NCD ) for 20 years or more .
It ’s worth pointing out that the relationship between older age and cheaper premiums does break down a little when a driver reaches their mid-70s , because data indicates that drivers aged 75 plus are more likely to be involved in an accident than someone who is 10 years younger .
Drivers in their 70s or 80s are also more likely to be seriously hurt when they are involved in accident , which can also prove more costly for insurers .
Your Occupation
Your occupation can impact your car insurance premiums if you use your car for work .
Typically if you are spending a lot of time in your car it will mean higher mileage and an increased risk of being involved in a traffic accident .
However , even if you do n’t use your car for business your occupation can still influence the cost of your insurance , because some insurance providers use it as a proxy for your risk appetite .
It probably goes without saying that racing car drivers , stunt drivers , acrobats and fire - eaters have higher risk appetites than nurses , accountants or receptionists , and some insurers may consider that this appetite for risk could translate into speeding violations or other types of risky driving .
Your Location
Car crime is an important consideration for insurance providers , so where you live can have a significant impact on whether you ’re offered very cheap or very expensive car insurance .
Beyond crime , if you live in a heavily built - up area you are more likely to be involved in a car accident than if you live in the countryside .
Where you park your vehicle will also be a factor – parking the car in a garage or on a driveway reduces the risk of accidents , vandalism and theft , which can in turn result in cheaper insurance .
Your Driving History
Your driving history has two parts to it – how long you ’ve held your full licence and whether or not you have any points or driving convictions on your licence .
If you ’re a provisional licence holder your policy will usually be much more expensive , although it might be possible to reduce your costs by opting for temporary learner insurance instead of taking out an annual policy .
Given the fact that many learner drivers pass their test in less than a year this is certainly worth considering .
If you ’re a full licence holder you will likely find that your insurance is prohibitively expensive when you first get your licence , but gradually becomes more cost effective after you ’ve held your licence for a few years … provided you do n’t receive any driving convictions or have points added to your licence , of course .
If you are given penalty points for speeding , running a red light or some other driving offence your insurance will almost certainly be more expensive until the points are removed from your licence .
Your Claims History
The main driver on a car insurance policy can earn a No Claims Discount ( also known as a No Claims Bonus ) for each consecutive year they hold insurance without making an insurance claim .
In practice this means drivers can often build up a very sizable discount on their annual premiums if they are safe drivers and never have to make a claim on their own insurance .
In fact , some older drivers are able to build up a No Claims Discount of 20 or 30 years , which could amount to a 60 % or 70 % discount on their premiums .
Your Medical History
There are a number of medical conditions that could impair a person ’s ability to drive , and if you were diagnosed with one of them you would need to declare that diagnosis to both the DVLA and your insurer .
The full list of conditions that need to be declared is fairly extensive , ranging from diabetes to alcoholism to Alzheimer ’s , but some of the conditions are age - related which means your medical history is likely to be a more important factor as you get older .
Your Optional Extras
Most insurance providers offer policyholders a range of optional extras that can be added to their policy , such as breakdown cover , windscreen cover or legal expenses cover .
While these extras can prove convenient , and in some cases may be cheaper than taking out separate cover , they will usually increase your insurance premiums a little .
Some motorists may also decide to take out a car warranty , which can sometimes be taken out with your existing insurance provider as well although it will usually be a standalone policy rather than a car insurance add - on .
See our latest commentary on car insurance news in the UK including updates on latest technology developments in making your life easier when insuring your vehicles .
Compare 100 + Car Insurance Providers
Low Cost Car Cover
Save time & money
Buy Online
Get Car Insurance Quotes »
The evangelical Christian movement historically has been defined by its members ’ distinctive doctrinal standards and practices .
Yet in recent years many Americans have come to understand evangelicals more by their political , rather than religious , identity .
The Pew Research Center ’s Forum on Religion & Public Life invited Rick Warren , pastor of Saddleback Church in Lake Forest , Calif. , to discuss how this political association has affected the evangelical movement , what evangelicals ’ most important concerns are today , and how the movement is evolving .
Warren is the author of The Purpose Driven Life , published in 2002 .
He hosted a presidential candidate forum at his Saddleback Church during the 2008 campaign .
Several months later he delivered the inaugural prayer at President Barack Obama ’s swearing - in .
The founder of a global alliance of pastors from 162 countries , he currently leads the P.E.A.C.E. Plan , an international effort mobilizing Christians to attack what he considers the “ five global giants ” of poverty , disease , spiritual emptiness , self - serving leadership and illiteracy .
Speaker :
Rick Warren , Pastor , Saddleback Church , Lake Forest , Calif .
Moderator :
Michael Cromartie , Vice President , Ethics and Public Policy Center
Navigate this Transcript
Good afternoon and thank you all for joining us today .
And a special welcome to Pastor Rick Warren , who is getting to be well - known around town because “ The Reliable Source ” over at the Post is on you , Rick .
I do n’t know if you realize that .
In today ’s paper –
RICK WARREN : In this morning ’s paper ?
LUGO : Yeah , this morning ’s paper .
WARREN : Now , is that the best news we ’ve got today –
LUGO : Well , it may be .
WARREN : – that I had a cup of coffee at Starbucks ?
LUGO : You had a cup of coffee .
We ’re not going to ask you about the contents of the shopping bag .
WARREN : Oh , that ’s hilarious .
LUGO : But this thing about meeting with radical young pastors , that ’s fair game .
I want you to know that .
WARREN : That ’s very normal .
LUGO : Anyway , I ’m Luis Lugo , director of the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life .
We are a project of the Pew Research Center , which , as many of you know , is a nonpartisan organization that does not take positions on issues or policy debates .
This event is part of the Pew Forum Luncheon Series , whose purpose - driven mission is to –
WARREN : Boy , I like that .
LUGO : – whose purpose - driven mission is to bring together journalists and policy leaders to discuss timely topics at the intersection of religion and public affairs .
Our format at these gatherings is very simple .
After our special guest speaks for 15 minutes or so , we open it up for your questions and comments .
The Pew Forum ’s partners in this series are Michael Cromartie of the Ethics and Public Policy Center and E.J. Dionne of The Washington Post and the Brookings Institution .
Unfortunately , E.J. could not be with us today .
He ’s out of town .
Mike organized this session , so he will serve as the moderator , but before I turn things over to him , I would like to mention that this meeting is on the record and is being recorded .
A few out - of - town journalists are listening in via conference call , and we welcome them as well .
I think there are seven or eight .
For those of you on the call who would like to take part in the discussion , please e-mail your questions to Robbie Mills , our communications associate .
We ’ll be sure to work your questions into the queue .
Again , thanks for coming .
Mike , over to you .
MICHAEL CROMARTIE : Thank you , Luis .
Ladies and gentlemen , the bio of Rick Warren is in your packets in front of you .
A friend of mine once said to me , how do you introduce somebody who needs no introduction ?
And I said , how ’s that ?
He said , do n’t introduce them ; just get it going .
They did n’t come to hear you .
They came to hear him .
So my introduction will be short because you ’re here because you know of Rick ’s work and reputation .
Some of you may not know that Rick ’s book , The Purpose Driven Life , is the best - selling nonfiction book in American history – I think over 30 million copies .
Please feel free to ask him questions about how you could make your book sell that way .
I ’m sure he could offer some tips .
One of your colleagues who is not here , David Van Biema , did a cover story in Time magazine some years ago on Rick that some of you may have seen .
I ’ll never forget when David called me .
He quotes me at the end of the article .
He says , you know , I ’ve been out to Saddleback .
I ’ve met Pastor Warren .
I know what he ’s doing in Africa .
I know about his book sales .
I know about his humanitarian work all over the world .
And I need some negative information on Rick Warren .
WARREN : He should have called me .
I could have given him that .
( Laughter . )
CROMARTIE : I say , well – he said , no , come on , just think of something that you could say that might be at least a concern of yours .
And the one thing I said was , Rick is so busy and has so many balls up in the air that one might say that he might want to slow down .
But I did n’t want him to slow down because we did want him to come to this lunch , so I ’m glad he did n’t take my recommendation too seriously .
Rick , we know how busy you are .
We know you ’re leaving right after this for some international meetings in Africa , so thank you for taking the time .
It ’s great to have you .
WARREN : Thank you , Mike .
Thank you , Luis .
Good to see you too .
Well , it ’s good to see a lot of you guys , friends , and to make some new friends today .
When we did this down in Key West a few years ago , I mentioned that if I was n’t a pastor , I ’d be a journalist .
I absolutely love journalism .
I actually started a couple of papers – one in high school , one in college – and what you do really does matter .
It ’s pretty significant .
I think that pastors , journalists and a few other people , like college presidents , have multiple constituencies to please and you can never please everybody .
So really , you just have to do what you think is the right thing to do and ignore the rest .
I ’m on a stopover to a couple of different places .
We ’re going into Paris .
Many of you know that we have a network .
I ’ve trained over 400,000 pastors in 162 countries .
I ’ve been doing that for 30 years .
Most of those years nobody knew I was doing it , but we were in 162 countries , 400,000 pastors , and then not including business leaders , government leaders .
And so we ’ve built quite a network , and two or three times a year I go out of the country – in fact , most of my work is outside of the country , mostly in Third World developing countries , where I spend time checking up on those networks .
I ’m going to Paris to meet with a group of pastors .
Then I go over to Vienna to meet with a group of pastors .
Peter Drucker was actually my mentor for about 25 years , and his birthday is coming up next week – his 100th birthday .
He died five years ago at 95 , and I spent 25 years going to his house , sitting with him , talking with him on leadership .
He had a profound influence on my life .
And they asked me to be the keynote speaker in his hometown in Vienna .
So I ’m going to do that in Austria next week .
Then we go down to Africa to check on some work .
I ’m actually taking Tony Blair down there with me to check on our P.E.A.C.E. plan progress in a number of different places , in Rwanda and others .
I ’ve been given this subject of the future of evangelicals , and I ’ll tell you – here it is in a sentence : I do n’t know .
Nobody can predict the future .
In fact , vision is not the ability to predict the future vision ; it ’s the ability to see the opportunity in the current situation and jump on it .
That ’s vision .
Yesterday I was speaking to a group of business leaders in kind of a mini-Davos .
I ’ve spoken at that a few times , and they had come to do a small one here in D.C. , and so I spoke to them on faith in the global economy and talked to them about vision .
Now , what I would like to do is , since you have given me this topic of the future of evangelicals , give you five minutes on that and then five minutes on what I want to talk about , and then –
CROMARTIE : Open it up .
WARREN : – open it up to whatever you guys want to talk about .
That would be fine .
The last 50 years has seen the greatest redistribution of a religion ever in the history of the world .
There is nothing even to compare to it .
For instance , at the beginning of the 20th century , in 1900 , 71 percent of all , quote , “ Christians ” lived in Europe – 71 percent .
By 2000 that percentage had declined to 28 percent .
Only 28 percent claimed to be Christian , and I ’m sure it ’s far smaller than that who actually even go to a church .
On the other hand , Christianity was exploding in Africa , Asia and Latin America .
If you want to know the future of evangelicalism , it is in those continents .
To give you an example , in 1900 there were only 10 million Christians in all of Africa – 10 percent of the population .
Today there are 360 million Christians in Africa , over half the population .
That is a complete turnaround on a continent that ’s never , ever been seen or done in history .
You may be surprised to know that there are more Christians in China than there are in America , by far – by far .
There are more Presbyterians in Ghana than there are in Scotland , where they came out of with John Knox .
There are more Baptists in Nagaland , a state in India , than there are in the South here in America .
There are more Anglicans in either Kenya , Uganda , Rwanda , Nigeria – any of these – than in England .
There are 2 million Anglicans in England .
There are 17 million Anglicans in Nigeria .
The Church of England is a misnomer .
It is now the Church of Africa .
I have been involved in the ordination of many of those Anglican leaders .
They have spread all over .
Last Sunday there were more Christians who went to church in China than all of Europe combined .
That is a fundamental shift .
If you want to know the future of Christianity , it is the developing world .
It ’s Africa , it ’s Latin America , and it ’s Asia .
In fact , there are about 15,000 missionaries now working in England from Brazil , China , Korea , other countries that you used to think , well , those would receive missionaries .
In fact , Brazil sends out far more missionaries than either Great Britain or Canada combined .
So that ’s a fundamental shift .
That ’s all I ’m going to say about the future of evangelicalism .
It ai n’t here .
Okay ?
It is n’t Europe .
Now , I will say this :
The world is becoming more religious .
There are 600 million Buddhists .
There are 800 million Hindus .
There are 1.[ 57 ] billion Muslims .
And there are 2.3 billion Christians .
That means the actual number of secularists outside of Europe and Manhattan is quite small .
It really is quite small , and we do n’t understand it .
We ’re in this little bubble that we think most people do n’t have a faith .
Well , you need to get a life and get around the world because most people have some kind of faith .
What I ’m going to do is I ’m going to give you an outline of the signature issues of Saddleback Church .
If you want to talk about any of those , we can .
So I ’ll just quickly give them to you .
I started Saddleback Church in January of 1980 .
Our first service was on Easter 1980 , in April .
I had one member – my wife .
I preached the first sermon .
She thought it was too long .
It ’s been downhill ever since .
Today Saddleback is a 120 - acre campus .
It looks like a college .
We typically will have 25,000 people on the weekend .
I have over 100,000 names on a church roll .
You need to understand I grew up in a little town in Northern California during Haight - Ashbury , and in the town I was in we had 500 people , so my church is like 1,000 times bigger than the town I grew up in .
I could be a mayor .
I actually know my valley far more than any politician will ever know them because I ’ve spent 30 years there .
This will be my 30th anniversary year .
I ’ve been listening to them , talking to them , praying with them , walking through the weddings and the funerals and the proms and all those different divorces and different things like that .
When we started Saddleback , we said , we ’re going to develop what we call signature issues that we want our church to be famous for , we want to be known for , because we think that they ’re important .
Not every church is called to do these , but we are called to do these .
There are actually six signature issues .
I ’m just going to list them for you .
If you want to talk about them later , we can .
The first one is what we call purpose - driven training .
We began that signature issue in 1983 and today that network of churches , as I said , is in 162 countries .
It ’s global leadership training .
We do training of what we call the three legs of the stool : business leadership , church leadership and public leadership in government .
The second signature issue of our church we started in 1993 , 10 years later , and it is called Celebrate Recovery .
Celebrate Recovery is a Bible - based recovery program .
It ’s similar to AA but it ’s built on the actual words of Jesus .
It began in 1993 .
In our church alone we ’ve had over 13,000 people go through recovery .
We ’re talking about addictions and you name it .
You could n’t name a problem we have n’t dealt with in our church over those years – 13,000 .
Now thousands of churches around the world use Celebrate Recovery .
It is the official recovery program in 17 state prison systems here in America .
It ’s in Russia – it ’s an official program in Russia – and many , many other countries use this .
This fall we did a 50 - day campaign called Life ’s Healing Choices based around that .
It ’s the third time we ’ve done it in our 30 years , and thousands of churches will begin that in January .
You ’re going to be hearing about churches doing Life ’s Healing Choices , a recovery program , there .
The third signature issue we began in 2002 , and that is our AIDS initiative for people infected and affected with AIDS .
I credit my wife for this .
My wife got cancer , and one day , laying on a couch after some chemo and radiation , she read an article that said 14 million kids were orphaned by AIDS in Africa .
And she said , I have to admit I did n’t know a single orphan .
I could n’t imagine them being orphaned by just one disease .
We began to study that and began to be a part of it and actually took literally millions of dollars from the profit of the book and opened a foundation called Acts of Mercy to help those infected and affected with AIDS around the world .
We do an annual global summit on AIDS to which pretty much every world leader who has been involved in that fight has been , including last year or two years ago during the campaign every one of the candidates – presidential candidates – was represented there , either video or live .
I can talk to you later if you want to talk about the difference between slowing the pandemic or stopping the pandemic .
There are two different strategies .
You tell me in prevention whether you want to slow AIDS or you want to stop it , and I ’ll tell you what it ’s going to take .
We are mobilizing churches literally all around the world to work with people with AIDS .
That ’s a signature issue with us .
The fourth signature issue we began in 2003 .
It ’s called the P.E.A.C.E. Plan .
Some of you have heard about that .
Many of you who were at Key West know that I talked about it .
It ’s a global humanitarian effort to take on the five biggest problems on the planet : poverty , disease , illiteracy , corruption and conflict .
P.E.A.C.E. stands for Promote reconciliation , Equip ethical leaders , “ A ” is assist the poor , “ C ” is care for the sick and “ E ” is educate the next generation .
We believe that these problems are so big government can’t do it alone ; business ca n’t do it alone ; churches ca n’t do it alone .
Some problems are so big you have to team tackle them .
Last year I was speaking at Davos and I kept hearing people talking about how we need public and private partnerships .
In other words , we need business and government to team tackle these major global issues .
The problem is that ’s good but it ’s not good enough because you ’re leaving out the third leg of the stool and that is there are three sectors of society , not two .
There is the public sector , which is government and NGOs .
There is the profit sector , which is business .
But there is the faith sector , which is the biggest of all .
I could take you to 10 million villages in the world ; there ’s nothing in them but a church .
The church has more locations than all the Wal - Marts and Starbucks and everything else combined .
It has more volunteers .
The church was global 200 years before anybody started talking about globalization .
Nothing has as many people groups , as many languages , as many contacts as the church .
Now you add in Muslims , Jews , Buddhists , Hindus – as I said , you ’ve basically got most of the world , and so we can not ignore that area .
If you want to talk about that , I would be glad to .
As I said , I ’m taking Tony Blair with me to inspect some of our P.E.A.C.E. sites in Africa .
We intend to be the first church in the history of Christianity to literally fulfill the great commission .
Jesus ’ last words were : “ Go to every nation . ”
There are 195 nations in the world .
There are 193 that are part of the U.N. – Korea and Bosnia are not a part of the U.N. – 195 recognized nations .
In the last five years , I ’ve sent out over 9,000 of my members to – let ’s see , I wrote it down here .
I want to get it right – 146 countries .
We have 49 countries left .
We ’ll easily meet that goal by the end of this next year .
We will be the first church in 2000 years of Christianity to literally go to every nation .
And what are we doing ?
Promoting reconciliation , equipping ethical leaders , assisting the poor , caring for the sick , educating the next generation .
That ’s our fourth signature issue .
Our fifth signature issue – and I wo n’t talk a lot about this – is what we call our Civil Society Initiative .
I believe that civilization is losing its civility .
I do n’t know if you ’ve noticed it or not but the world is getting ruder .
We ’re getting more crass .
You may not demonize a person just because they ’re different , and differences do not demonize .
Somehow we ’ve got to follow that great theologian , Rodney King , “ Ca n’t we all just get along ? ”
You do n’t have to agree with someone [ not ] to be disagreeable .
You can walk hand in hand without seeing eye to eye .
And the fact is , America is a democracy .
In a democracy nobody wins all the time .
I do n’t .
You do n’t .
Nobody does .
That ’s called a democracy .
It does n’t mean we pack up and leave the country because we do n’t win .
We are Americans , and we must –
I believe in the “ good news . ”
I ’m a Christian , I ’m an evangelical , and I ’m a pastor .
I believe in Jesus Christ .
But I also believe in the common good and that there are some issues that have to be dealt with with everybody on the common good .
I do n’t win all the time and neither do you , and so we have to learn to be civil .
That ’s why I spend most of my time not speaking to Christian groups .
In the last year I ’ve spoken to atheist groups , secularist groups .
I ’ve spoken to the two largest Muslim conventions .
I was the keynote speaker at the Reform convention of Judaism .
I spend most of my time actually speaking to people who disagree with me , but I ’m trying to build bridges because we ’re on this planet together promoting civility and the common good .
Two other issues and then I ’ll open it up .
The fifth signature issue is our orphan care issue .
This is a brand - new one .
We just began it two years ago , in 2007 .
As I said , there are 146 million orphans in the world .
Whoever gets to those people first is going to get their hearts and minds – either madrassas or radicals or fundamentalists or whatever .
And whoever loves them – that ’s anarchy waiting to happen , 146 million orphans growing up without moms and dads .
We have to do that .
I have been trying to convince both the Bush administration and the Obama administration – it ’s the only thing I actually have ever talked to – I do n’t talk policy ever with politicians – never .
Never .
And let me just say it again : never .
But I do care about orphans .
And the one issue that I have talked to them about is it ’s just good foreign policy to help the sick and help orphans .
It ’s interesting that if you cross Africa – Bush is a hero all across Africa .
I ca n’t tell you how many times people have said , my husband is alive because of PEPFAR [ the President ’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief ] .
My wife is still alive because of PEPFAR .
It is good foreign policy – and it ’s a whole lot cheaper than tanks – to help people get well and to care for orphans .
But in our personal case in Saddleback , we have a goal of 500 families in our church adopting within the next three years .
We already have 182 families that have adopted so far in this signature issue of orphan care .
My wife Kay is actually right now – she ’s spoken to four universities in the last two weeks .
She ’s in Michigan – spoke last night to 1,700 people on this issue of orphans and orphan care .
The last issue , which is our newest signature issue , is religious freedom and persecution .
Many of you know that we do these civil forums .
You probably saw the one that I did with Obama and McCain because that was the most famous one , but we do them all the time .
The first one that we ever did was actually on the Holocaust .
I brought in six 90 - year - old Jewish survivors of the Holocaust and let them tell their stories to 4,000 people in our church .
We all wept and said , we must not ever let that happen again .
So the first one was on the Holocaust .
We ’ve done other ones .
We did one on religious freedom .
We did one on genocide .
In January we ’re doing the civil forum on sex trafficking and slavery , and my guests are my friend Nick Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn .
They ’ve written this new book – it ’s a terrific book – on dealing with that , and we ’re going to deal with that .
We have a number of other issues .
CROMARTIE :
And you had a good one last weekend .
WARREN : Michael Cromartie was one of the guests at the one we did last weekend , and representing the U.S. Commission on Religious Freedom –
CROMARTIE : Yeah , keep going .
WARREN : – and did a terrific job .
If you want to talk about my efforts in that , I can tell you about a state dinner I had a while back with the Cabinet of China in People ’s Hall , Tiananmen Square , and got into a debate on religious freedom with the Communist leaders themselves .
In fact , I ’m probably one of the few people who has actually had the Chinese Cabinet in my backyard for a barbecue .
They ’d been to America .
We did n’t tell the press about it when they came , but we have good contacts with them .
We ’ve got a couple of big events coming up next year : the 30th anniversary of our church , April 4th .
It will be only the second time in history – usually on Easter I have 14 to 16 services , but we ’ve rented Angel Stadium , and it will be the second time in history I ’ve had my entire church in one location .
Normally I have to do service after service after service after service .
On our 25th anniversary we had about , I do n’t know , 35,000 , 40,000 people at it .
It will be well over 50,000 people – just our members on the anniversary .
I ’ve been doing these interviews for 25 years , and I ’ve noticed that reporters would rather talk about politics than anything else .
I do n’t know why , but would rather talk about politics .
I am not a politician .
If I thought politicians could change people ’s hearts , I ’d go into government .
If I thought laws could change people ’s hearts , I ’d go into government .
But I do n’t , so I ’m not .
If you ever see me with a politician , it ’s – I have no political aspirations and I have no aspirations to even influence public policy .
That ’s not my role as a pastor .
My role as a pastor is I counsel leaders about stress , about family , about integrity , about generosity .
It ’s all personal .
I never , never , never counsel government leaders about policy .
So you can ask me all you want to about it .
You ’ll probably want to talk about Prop 8 .
My attitude is well - known and where I stand .
I ’m a pastor , I believe what the Bible says , and I ’m bound to that .
I also believe everybody should be treated with dignity and respect at the same time .
And as a Christian , I am commanded to love everybody .
I do n’t get the generosity of hating anybody .
I am forbidden to hate anyone .
I must love everybody , even the people who disagree with me and say things against me .
You might want to talk about the health care bill .
Well , why ask me ?
Have any of you read it ?
It ’s 2,000 pages .
I know absolutely nothing about the health care bill .
What I would like to talk to you about is a revolutionary health care plan in Rwanda , where a year , a year - and - a - half ago , we had one doctor , and today , because of the P.E.A.C.E. Plan , we have over 1,400 trained community health care workers .
I ’d like to talk to you about that , not some bill I ’ve never read .
So that ’s kind of where we are , and whatever you want to talk about , we now may start .
AMY SULLIVAN , TIME :
Thanks so much for coming .
I just want to push you a little bit on that last point .
I certainly do n’t want to get into a debate about –
WARREN : Oh , yes , you do .
( Laughter . )
SULLIVAN : – whether you want to influence policy , but I guess I wanted to connect it to some of these key issues that you just were outlining for us and ask whether or not it should matter to you what ’s in that health care bill because one of the things you want to do is take care of the sick and take care of the poor .
That ’s something you ’ve been obviously extremely involved with , particularly overseas , and it seems that it would have quite a lot of relevance to your mission , and if that ’s not then maybe a question of balance that ’s tricky to figure out but one that ’s worth doing instead of kind of having a blanket approach –
WARREN : That ’s a valid question , Amy .
People have a hard time nailing me because I ’m not religious right and I ’m an evangelical .
I have never been a part of the religious right , never even been to one of their meetings – not one .
On the other hand , I ’m not a classic liberal .
I happen to agree with the liberals on many of their views on justice , equality , poverty reduction and things like that .
I just happen to disagree that the government is the answer .
The government does not have a track record of being effective at very many things .
It costs more money to do it and things like that .
Everybody has a different role , and my role as a pastor in dealing with poverty and dealing with health is totally different .
So I ’m not trying to do their role .
For instance , let ’s just take an example .
I ’m in California where a hot issue is illegal aliens .
I live in a – my city , 51 percent speak Spanish .
Saddleback Church has started over 30 daughter churches that are totally in Spanish .
When I am out on the street and I see a guy bleeding to death on the side of the road , I do n’t walk up to him and say , are you gay before I help you , or are you illegal ?
I just help the guy .
He needs – he ’s bleeding to death .
Are you an atheist ?
Are you a Muslim ?
You just help the guy because he ’s bleeding .
My job at a pastoral level is to care , to love and to care on a personal level .
So when you say , if you care about it you ’ll care about the bill , I do care about the bill but it ’s not my role to write the bill .
And since I ’ve never read it , I do n’t even want to comment on it .
SALLY QUINN , THE WASHINGTON POST‘S “ ON FAITH ” :
When you talk about 360 million Christians in Africa and how Christianity is spreading like crazy , why do you think that is ?
And is that important , I mean , whether it ’s Christianity or Islam or Hinduism or Buddhism or whatever , as long as the people stick with their basic tenets , essentially following the Golden Rule and helping other people ?
WARREN : I can give you an answer , Sally , you probably wo n’t like .
Of course it ’s extremely important .
It ’s extremely important .
One of the things I said to the group at Davos last year was – and they were all these secular business leaders – I said , you may not like it , but the truth is the future of the world is not secularism .
The future of the world is religious pluralism , and we must learn to get along .
It is not secularism .
There was the myth in the 20th century that if we just educate people they wo n’t need God anymore .
Europe was the most - educated continent there was and it gave us two world wars .
What we ’ve found is that in globalization people are actually looking more toward those roots .
There is resurgence in Hinduism , resurgence in Buddhism , resurgence in Islam .
What I think we need to do is , rather than be afraid of these groups , we need to encourage those who care about the common good .
This morning I was on “ Meet the Press , ” and I told David Gregory , let me give you my definition of a fundamentalist .
“ Fundamentalist ” actually started out as a good term among Christians in the early 20th century .
It was a word developed by J.M. Pendleton , which meant a Christian believer dedicated to the fundamentals of the Bible : Jesus is the way to heaven , the Bible is the word of God , things like that .
The word has been hijacked now to basically mean a radical or terrorist or something like that .
Here is my definition of fundamentalist : A fundamentalist is anybody who stopped listening .
That ’s a fundamentalist .
There are Islamic fundamentalists .
There are Christian fundamentalists .
I ’ve met Jewish fundamentalists .
There are secular fundamentalists .
There are atheist fundamentalists .
Richard Dawkins is an atheist fundamentalist .
He wo n’t listen .
He will not listen .
He has preconceived ideas .
You have to open up and say :
You know what ?
I may not agree with you , but I will listen to you .
A fundamentalist has stopped listening .
So how do we marginalize the fundamentalists in every secular area – not just secular , sector is what I meant .
Part of that is encourage those who are open .
QUINN : You maybe misunderstood what I was asking –
WARREN : I probably did .
QUINN : – because I did n’t not like your answer .
Why do you think that Christianity is making such inroads in Africa and places like Africa ?
WARREN : I ’ll tell you why –
QUINN : That ’s one question .
And then the other is , does it matter whether it ’s Christianity or any other faith that still sticks to the same tenets of Christianity , which is –
WARREN : Come on , you ’re asking a pastor .
Of course it matters .
QUINN : Well , no , but I mean –
WARREN : If I did n’t believe it , I would n’t be a pastor .
Of course it matters .
The Gospel – the “ good news ” that you can have your past forgiven , you can have a purpose for living , and you can have a home in heaven – is irresistible to many people .
Past forgiven , purpose for living , home in heaven .
The Gospel has an amazing ability to change lives , to turn people who were hard - core drunk wife - beaters into responsible citizens , and people who were using and abusing humanity – I mean , in our magazine we did an early article on the killer who was responsible for all of the killings of Pol Pot .
If you want to read a story and talk about life change , this guy – and he says , I ’m worthy of death .
He ’s in prison for life ; he ’s going to be executed , but he became a Christian believer , and that guy ’s life is revolutionized .
I do n’t know anything else that does that .
I do n’t know anything else besides the Gospel that revolutionizes the interior of a person ’s life like faith in Christ .
Now I ’m a pastor ; what do you expect ?
QUINN : So you think that ’s why –
WARREN : Absolutely .
QUINN : – this is happening in Africa .
WARREN : I ’m absolutely certain why .
And I could give you millions of stories .
At Saddleback Church – I have a church full of CEOs .
It ’s a white - collar area .
It ’s one of the wealthiest areas in America , and the Saddleback Valley is one of the top 10 most - educated areas in America with Ph.D. degrees .
I think it ’s in the same list with Stanford , Calif. , and Fairfax , Va .
We ’ve baptized 27,000 adult believers at Saddleback Church .
These are actual conversions .
That ’s radical life change .
KIM LAWTON , RELIGION & ETHICS NEWSWEEKLY : Back to the theme of the future of evangelicalism .
I know that 30 years ago you did n’t start out to found a megachurch , but indeed that ’s what happened .
And a lot of these institutions , a lot of churches that are large like yours , are really wrestling with , what happens in the next generation ?
How do you sustain that ?
How do you sustain that kind of an institution –
WARREN : Exactly .
LAWTON : – beyond the big personalities that began them ?
How are you guys preparing for that ?
WARREN : Thanks for the question , Kim .
There have been a lot of books written that the megachurches are a phenomenon of the baby - boomer generation and that the next generation , Gen X and Gen Y , is very much interested in smaller churches , not the large church .
It ’s total bunk .
The next generation of churches will be larger , not smaller , than the ones now because the churches have gone to what ’s called multi-site , and that is they ’re not all staying on one campus because we now have the technology , through Internet and through video , so that a church can be in multi-site locations .
I can give you churches – 10 , 15 , 20 different sites .
Saddleback actually now meets in six different sites .
We ’re a combination of large church , small church .
Now , here is the myth : People go to a megachurch they see Sunday morning and they think that ’s the church .
That ’s not it at all .
The Sunday morning event is the tip of the iceberg .
What actually makes a megachurch attractive is not Sunday morning .
Nobody goes to a church because it ’s big .
The only people who like big churches are pastors – ( laughter ) – because they like to speak to a big group .
People put up with the inconvenience .
On our campus we have over 30 acres of parking .
Do you know how far you have to walk ?
It ’s like walking into , you know –
CROMARTIE : Redskins Stadium .
WARREN : – Redskins Stadium , exactly , every week .
It ’s inconvenient to go to a megachurch , in many ways .
So what in the world are they going for ?
Well , they ’re not going for convenience .
They ’re going for the programs and the ministries , but what they ’ve learned is big churches figured out how to meet the personal needs of individuals .
It ’s not the size ; it ’s that they ’re doing a better job of meeting the personal needs than the little churches are .
For example , our church , while we have the big services on Sunday , we meet in homes during the week in small groups of six to eight people .
We have over 4,500 small groups .
They meet in every city in Southern California .
CROMARTIE : How many again ?
WARREN : Four - thousand - five - hundred .
They meet in every city in Southern California from Santa Monica to Carlsbad .
It ’s a hundred miles distance in our small groups .
So on Sunday morning they ’re coming to Saddleback or they ’re going to Saddleback San Clemente or Saddleback Irvine or Saddleback Corona , but during the week they ’re in small groups .
And it is in that small group – when you get sick , you ’re visited in the hospital .
When you ’re out of work , the people help you out .
There is a real tight - knit community .
There is a longing for belonging in our community , and large churches have figured out it ’s not the crowd that attracts ; it ’s the stuff under the surface that attracts .
It ’s the biggest myth that reporters miss .
They come to the service and think , oh , that ’s Saddleback .
It ’s not that at all .
It ’s what ’s going on during the week .
We have over 300 ministries that operate during the week that could be offered in a large church you could never offer in a small .
For instance , we have a ministry to parents of Down syndrome children .
Well , in a church our size we might have a dozen people who have Down syndrome children , but in a church of a hundred , or for that matter a synagogue or temple or mosque , a congregation of a hundred is not likely to have one person with Down syndrome .
It ’s so rare .
And so you ’re able to actually specialize and meet individual needs .
By the way , America is just behind on this because all of the largest churches in the world are not in America .
LAWTON : But can that continue without you at the helm ?
WARREN : Oh , sure it can .
LAWTON : How does that sustain itself without the big –
WARREN : I could give you a dozen names of guys you do n’t know , you ’ve never heard of , who are 20 years younger than me who have churches almost the size of Saddleback – 20,000 , 25,000 .
They ’re all over .
Life Church is in Oklahoma City .
There is one in Orlando .
Of course , the largest churches in the world – the largest church in the world is in Seoul , Korea – 600,000 people .
There is one in Buenos Aires – 250,000 .
There is one in Lagos , Nigeria – 180,000 .
These pastors have learned how to meet individual needs through the cells – the individual cell groups .
DAN GILGOFF , U.S. NEWS & WORLD REPORT : I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about your relationship with the news media and what you perceive to be the way the news media have covered you .
I think a lot of the reason why a lot of reporters are jumping at this opportunity to sit down with you is because we have n’t seen you in the news media in a while .
I remember of course around last August Saddleback Civil Forum , there was media coverage around that , and then again attending the inauguration of the president .
This past Easter you did some media , but then there was this pullout of the “ ABC News ” interview , which raised some questions , and a lot of folks read probably way too much into that .
You just talked about taping “ Meet the Press ” this morning .
I ’m wondering if you see this as something you do a few times a year and kind of limit it to that , if you see the media as an essential part in transmitting your message to people that you ca n’t address in person or through Saddleback –
WARREN : Yeah .
GILGOFF : – in your own global network .
WARREN : Thanks .
GILGOFF : And just how you see us .
WARREN : Well , first place , I think the media is entirely fair .
I am not of the group that says , oh , the media is all bad ; they ’re all bashing – I happen to not believe that .
I do n’t believe that at all , and in fact , some of the stuff that has been said about me critical was flat - out true .
It was just true .
CROMARTIE : Give us an example .
WARREN : Well – ( laughter ) – you know , I do n’t – really , I do n’t want to go revisit the issue of last fall , but I will tell you this : I misspoke , publicly apologized for it .
Nobody saw the apology .
Dan , you were the only guy who got it right .
If you want to go read his column , he is the only guy who got it right .
And I never talked to Dan , but the issue was – he figured out , this is what Warren is doing .
When President - elect Obama invited me to do the inauguration , I knew , A , he and I disagree on a lot of different issues , but we happen to be friends .
I happen to be friends with a lot of people whom I disagree with .
So what ?
We do n’t agree on a lot of things but we are friends , and he invited me to do the inauguration .
Well , I knew , A , he would be criticized by his constituency , and , B , I would be criticized by my constituency .
So what ?
I mean , that ’s not hurtful .
In fact , my attitude toward criticism is , if it ’s true , listen and learn from it .
If it ’s false , ignore it and forget it and realize ultimately God is the judge of your life .
So it does n’t really bother me .
If it ’s true , I go , they were right .
If they were wrong , they were wrong .
But you ca n’t spend all your time defending yourself .
Otherwise you ’re not doing these initiatives that I ’m talking about .
But when President Obama – I had just finished the Steve Waldman interview for Beliefnet , who is a wonderful guy – he ’s gone to the FCC now , and he ’s a terrific guy .
So I had just finished that interview and I ’m sitting on the plane here and President - elect Obama says , Rick , I want you to do the inauguration prayer .
Fine .
I knew I would be criticized ; he knew he would be criticized .
I did n’t want to make myself the issue so I said , I ’m not going to speak about this at all .
So for 45 days I kept my mouth shut .
All kinds of misinformation was said .
Some of it was true , but most of it was totally false .
But I had made a commitment to myself :
This is his party .
It ’s not about me .
It ’s his inauguration , and if I get into it –
I ’ve discovered – and there was an article in , I think , The Wall Street Journal about this – that when somebody is set in their ways about a certain thing and you challenge it with the truth , they do n’t actually change .
They become more hardened because their identity is so stuck with their view that they cannot accept truth and it makes them more eager to disprove you .
It actually is counterproductive .
You know as a reporter that when you write something , as people read it , it ’s often a Rorschach test on themselves how they read it .
And when I say something publicly , everybody interprets it according to their Rorschach .
Some people hear it this way and some people hear it this way and some people hear it this way .
That ’s just the way humans are .
I do n’t live for the press .
The reason I ’m doing this is because I ’m on my way to Brussels and then Paris and I happened to be coming out .
Mike had given me an invitation like a year ago : Come back some time .
I had an invitation from David Bradley to come and do one of his dinners .
I just thought , maybe I ’ll come do this on the way going out .
And I had this invitation on Davos , so I just stack them all up .
I do n’t come to D.C. or New York to do interviews .
I come to do other things , and if I get to see some of you guys , well , that ’s good .
But really I did n’t have anything to say in the last year .
I was just busy working .
And , by the way , the thing on the – people read into it when I canceled on George Stephanopoulos .
Well , I also canceled on my buddy Huckabee , whom I went to seminary with .
Nobody questioned that one .
It was the same day .
Well , what was it ?
I was supposed to do that Saturday morning before Easter , that interview .
I was between services , service 12 of 17 services .
And when I hit service 12 , I ’m going , I am worn out and I ’ve got five more services to do .
And I go , guys , cancel it .
That ’s the honest truth .
I ’m not afraid of anybody or any question .
They said , well , he did n’t want to answer the questions of George Stephanopoulos .
Come on .
I was tired .
I had just finished 12 services ; I had five more to do on Sunday .
I was wasted .
I was like backstage , give me some glucose , you know ?
You try speaking 17 times in a row to 4,000 or 5,000 people at a time , day after day on Easter week .
It just wipes you out .
Now I could have gone back on and defended myself on that and said , come on , George –
CROMARTIE : Should we tell George you ’re willing to come back sometime ?
WARREN : In a heartbeat .
( Laughter . )
In a heartbeat .
CROMARTIE : Let the record show .
WARREN : When you have a political mindset , you view everything through politics .
And when you have an inside - the - Beltway view , you do n’t realize that most of the world does n’t care about the Beltway .
They could n’t care less .
They really do n’t care about the Beltway .
It does n’t affect them one thing or the other .
CROMARTIE : Let me get some other people in here .
WARREN : I can pontificate a long time .
Sorry .
CROMARTIE : I understand and that ’s why I ’m the moderator .
( Laughter . )
WARREN : It ’s a fate of preachers .
JILL LAWRENCE , POLITICS DAILY : Hi .
I guess it ’s only appropriate that somebody from a thing called Politics Daily would be the next person to speak .
We are a new website , and we are devoted to politics .
I guess the comments that we receive on our website make me particularly interested in your Civility Initiative .
It ’s extremely upsetting , actually , to see the kind of discourse that goes on , and we have just hired a moderating team to try to raise the level .
But I ’m just curious about whether this initiative originated , to some degree , within political discourse and what you think of the cable and Internet phenomenon .
And also , do you talk to any of these people , and do they ask for help ?
Are they receptive ?
What ’s your view of all this ?
WARREN : I actually heard Fred Barnes give a good reason for this one time when you guys were doing “ Beltway Boys , ” Fred , and the point was –
CROMARTIE : Civility personified .
( Laughter . )
WARREN : Yeah , there you go .
Right .
Right .
Well , let me chose somebody else .
Okay , Jeff. ( Laughter . )
No , Fred was talking about the fact that 40 years ago the congressmen used to eat dinner together .
Remember , Tip O’Neil and Reagan would fight it out , but then they ’d go to a bar and have a drink together .
There was a camaraderie that came in getting to know each other .
I think politics has become so expensive that you have to be in fundraising mode all the time , so every weekend you ’re heading back to your constituency .
Nobody is hanging around and , for lack of a better term , a Christian term or religious term , fellowshipping with other people and getting to know other people .
It is very easy to demonize somebody you do n’t know .
It ’s very hard to attack – you may disagree with somebody , but if you know them , you temper your words and you ’re not so personal in your assassination of character .
We are moving more and more to a more polarized – and it ’s not just right and left , friends .
I could give you 50 kinds of varieties of Democrats and I can give you 50 kinds of varieties of Republicans .
We are going into niche marketing more and more and more .
Everybody is on a niche hunt , trying to find their little niche .
And that ’s not good for America .
We ’re the big - picture people who say , as I said earlier , we do n’t always win , we do n’t always lose , but can we work on some common good , can we get some things moving ?
CROMARTIE : – Are you seeing any success ?
WARREN : Part of the issue is there are now people in this town whose entire career is built on tearing other people down .
CROMARTIE : No names .
LAWRENCE :
They ’re not necessarily in Congress , for the most part .
They ’re in these kind of auxiliary industries that exist to rev people up .
So I guess I ’m wondering , was this part of what precipitated this initiative on your part ?
And also , what are you doing about it ?
WARREN : Yes , it was .
Yes , it exactly was .
I started thinking about returning civility to civilization and working on the common good .
It actually was not started with politics .
It actually started in me reaching out to other religions here in America – to Muslims , to Jews , to Catholic Christians , to every kind people go with .
Then as it moved toward the last election , probably a year before the election , I turned on one day talk radio and I just started listening to talk radio .
In fact , this is the honest truth .
Before the last election , I went out and I subscribed to eight magazines .
Now , do n’t ask me ; I ’m not going to tell you what they are .
But they were eight partisan magazines .
I picked four conservative ones and I picked four liberal ones – as conservative as they could get and as liberal .
I thought , I ’m going to read these eight magazines during the election .
After the election was over , I did n’t renew a single one of them .
Why ?
Because they were too derogatory .
All they wanted to do was just – they could see no good in the other side .
The fact is , nobody is right all the time and everybody is right some of the time .
A clock that does n’t work is right twice a day .
Even your worst enemy is going to say something that makes sense , if you listen .
People are acting like babies , and they ’re acting extremely immature .
CROMARTIE : Is your message resonating with colleagues ?
Is it resonating ?
Are you hearing other people who are glad you ’re doing it ?
WARREN : I ’m not finding very much success in the political realm .
I am finding great success in the religious realm .
I met with Cat Stevens the other day – Yusuf Islam .
He goes – ( sings ) – moon shadow – ( laugher ) .
Some of my best dates were to you .
( Laughter . )
But we had a good time and we just talked .
I find this one area where you ’re always up for a vote and you ’re always raising money really prevents people from admitting , that was a good point .
DOYLE MCMANUS , LOS ANGELES TIMES :
Let me take Jill ’s broad question and try and apply it to a painful , specific issue and take you up on your invitation to go back to the bad old days of Prop 8 .
WARREN : I did n’t offer you do that ; I said I do n’t want to do that .
( Laughter . )
MCMANUS : But gay marriage is an inherently divisive issue , especially when it ’s on a ballot in a yes - or - no form .
So my question is , are there any lessons from that experience that you would apply to the next time that question comes up in a political context ?
And as you try and heal divisions here and take a divisive issue like that , can you conceive of a way to approach that issue that heals divisions rather than creates them ?
WARREN : That ’s a good point .
Yes , I did learn some good things , and some of it was just my own fault .
There was a misstatement that I made in the Steve Waldman interview where I was saying , I make no apology for this .
As a pastor , I am opposed to the redefinition of marriage .
You do n’t have to agree with me .
I can still love you .
You can love me .
But I do n’t think the word “ marriage ” should be used for anything else .
I gave Steve several examples , and I said , this would n’t be a marriage , this would n’t be a marriage , this would n’t be a marriage .
Then he said , so are all of those equivalent ?
And I said , well , yeah .
I did n’t listen to the question , and it made it sound like I equivocated – that ’s not the word –
INAUDIBLE : Equated .
WARREN : – equated , thank you ; thank you – equated adult gay consensual sex with incest or pedophilia .
I do n’t believe that at all – never have , never will – but it sounded like I said it .
Now , here ’s the thing .
Because I had made a commitment not to respond for 45 days until after the election , it got repeated over and over and over .
And I ’m sitting there keeping my mouth shut going , I know that ’s not right .
But I did not want to get into it .
I do n’t believe that at all .
Never have .
I have many , many who are gay leaders across the nation who have worked with me on AIDS .
Kay and I have personally given millions of dollars – millions of dollars personally – to help people with HIV and AIDS .
We ’ve worked with all kinds of gay groups on these issues .
I wrote those guys apologies and said , you guys know I did n’t mean this .
Oh , we knew .
We knew it , Rick .
But all of the criticism came from people who did n’t know me – 100 percent .
Not a single gay leader who knew me personally criticized me .
Not one .
All of it came from people who did n’t know me personally because I did n’t have the relationship .
That goes back to this thing about if you do n’t have the relationship , where do you know where that guy ’s head is anyway ?
He said that .
He did n’t correct it .
Well , that ’s not their fault ; that ’s my fault .
CROMARTIE :
That ’s why we wanted you to meet all these people today , Rick , so they could have newer perceptions .
ANA MARIE COX , AIR AMERICA : Hi . I have a few questions .
One was in your response to Sally about Christianity having an appeal in Africa and you argued , obviously as a pastor you certainly believe it makes a difference that it ’s Christianity , and it is – I ’m trying to find the quote – it ’s the only , or the best way .
You do n’t know anything else that revolutionizes the interior of a person ’s life like the message of Christ .
And I realize that you obviously believe that as an article of faith – ha , ha , ha –
WARREN : Hey , that ’s a good point .
COX : – but I wonder if you have any – I mean , one of the appeals I think that you have to journalists is all of the data that you present people .
I just wonder if you have any data that would validate that , that Christianity makes more of a difference or a better difference in people ’s lives than other religions that have similar tenets , like the ones Sally mentioned .
WARREN : Well , I ’ll give you an example of that .
Some of you guys know who Jim Collins is – Good to Great and Built to Last .
Jim and I were speaking at Claremont grad school last week to a group of business leaders , and he sat down – and he ’s not a Christian believer – and he sat down : Rick , how do you explain this , that 12 guys and one of them flakes out in a Middle East – how does that multiply to 2.3 billion people today ?
I do n’t have an explanation for that except it ’s a God thing .
I do n’t have any other explanation for that .
COX : So it is a faith , basically .
WARREN : I accept it by faith .
As I said , it changes lives .
I ’m in the life - changing business .
That ’s what I ’m all about .
COX : But there is no other – you point out the CEOs and the wife - beaters , that Christianity can change those people but other religions can’t .
WARREN : I did n’t say that .
COX : Well , I just – I asked .
WARREN : Yeah .
Yeah .
And –
COX : You do n’t know of other religions that can ?
WARREN : You ’re putting words in my mouth .
COX : Well , you said , I do n’t know of anything else that revolutionizes the interior of a person ’s life like faith in Christ .
WARREN : You know what , I ’ll say this :
If I knew something that did a better job of changing lives , I ’d switch .
COX : Okay , point taken .
Another thing , I was really fascinated to learn about your faith - based recovery program , that it ’s the official recovery program in 17 states .
Is that right ?
WARREN : Yeah .
COX : How does that work out for non-Christians who are in prison who might need help ?
WARREN : Well , first place , you do n’t have to – it ’s not a required program .
COX : Right , but –
WARREN : It ’s a totally available program –
COX : – if it ’s the official program .
WARREN : – and I ’m sure they most likely have probably a secular version of AA for those who want that .
So it would certainly be a choice – you ca n’t mandate any program , obviously .
COX : I ’m just wondering how it worked out for the people who are there .
WARREN : Yeah .
I do know that in California , for a while – I do n’t even know if they ’re doing this now , but I do know that if you went through that program and then connected to a halfway house when you got out , they would commute six months off your sentence because there was such a change .
Let me give you an example .
I spoke at a prison – I frequently speak at prisons – in Northern California that , prior to us being involved in that prison , was locked down every other day .
It was a very violent , high crime – it was repeat offenders and many people on death row .
It was one of the maximum security prisons .
There was a young guy who was 18 years old .
Danny Dushane had been involved in a murder of two or three people in a robbery .
He was put in prison and given life in prison .
Six months after he went to prison , he gave his life to Christ , and he has now spent the last 22 years of his Christian life in prison .
He does n’t have any chance of getting out .
He wrote me a letter that said , I heard about this 40 Days of Purpose thing that you guys are doing with the book The Purpose Driven Life .
Could we do that here ?
I said , sure .
I said , I ’ll send you the videos , the books .
You do n’t have to – we ’ll just get it all to you for free .
There is a prison version of it because you ca n’t put hardbacks in prison .
And this guy went door to door in the prison saying , would you like to study the purpose of life ?
A hundred - and - fifty - six people signed up .
So then he got them together and he goes , now Rick says you ’ve got to do this in small groups , so we ’re going to have these things called cell groups , get it ?
Cell groups .
And so they divided it all up .
To make a long story short , now over 500 people in that prison have gone through that issue , through that 40 Days of Purpose .
They went two - and - a - half years without a lockdown since they did 40 Days of Purpose .
That was a front - page story in The New York Times about two years ago .
CROMARTIE : It was ?
WARREN : It was , on the front page .
COX : One last question .
This is going back to Prop 8 just a little bit .
D.C. is looking at legalizing same - sex marriage , and the Catholic Charities are planning on pulling out their social services to the city , which are obviously something we need here .
What do you think about that ?
WARREN : I have no comment .
I mean , that ’s their opinion .
COX : Is that something that you would –
WARREN : I keep getting asked – maybe it ’s because the religious right has pretty much folded .
Jerry Falwell has passed away , others are no longer in leadership , and when people start looking to religious leadership , particularly among evangelicals , my name comes up .
And then they start asking me questions like , well – if you want to ask about gay marriage , 30 states where it ’s been put to a vote , they voted it down .
Go ask those people .
Why did they vote – why ask me ?
COX : I ’m asking you – your church does so much , right ?
And your message to people , to individuals , is to help their communities and –
WARREN : My message is to the individual , and that is , every individual matters .
I do n’t care who you are or what you ’ve done , what you claim to be or – you matter to God and you are loved unconditionally .
You ca n’t make God stop loving you .
You can try but you ’ll fail because God ’s love is not based on who you are ; it ’s based on who he is .
It ’s not based on what you do ; it ’s based on what God has already done for you .
It ’s called grace .
So I ca n’t make God stop loving me and I can’t make God stop loving you , but God gives me a choice to either love him or reject him .
Here ’s my philosophy of life :
If God gives me a choice to reject him or love him – because it ’s not love if I ’m forced to love him – if God gives me a choice to reject him or love him , then I ’ve got to give everybody else that choice too .
And that ’s why I believe in America .
I ’ve got to give everybody the choice .
JEFFREY GOLDBERG , THE ATLANTIC : I had a long , involved question about your work in Rwanda and whether it applies to the Middle East , but instead I ’m just going to – as a deeply disaffected Cat Stevens fan – ( laughter ) – can you give us as much detail as possible about your encounter with Yusuf Islam ?
( Laughter . )
No , I ’m serious – make some news here .
WARREN : I ’ll tell you what , Yusuf Islam has gotten into – this is the honest truth .
I ’ll give you the answer to this .
He is into curriculum for children to promote Muslim morals in the United Kingdom .
That ’s what he ’s doing .
I ’ve seen it .
I ’ve seen the curriculum .
He says they ’re no longer teaching character or morals in U.K. schools , so he ’s developed a children ’s curriculum to promote Muslim morals .
Of course , many of us would agree with many of those morals – in schools .
That ’s what he ’s doing .
Now let me answer your first question because this is a good one .
GOLDBERG : Did you see him ?
Where did you see him ?
WARREN : I was the keynote speaker for ISNA , the Islamic Society of North America , which is the largest convention of Muslims .
It was here in D.C. on the Fourth of July .
There were 25,000 Muslims here in town , and they invited a non-Muslim to be the keynote speaker .
So I spoke to them that day , and when I sat down , sitting down right next to me he said , I wanted to meet you , and it was Cat Stevens – I mean , Yusuf Islam .
On Rwanda , let me give you an example of what I believe health care should be .
About three years ago President Bush invited me to be the closing speaker for the Global Summit on Malaria .
And all these leaders were there to be a part of it .
I stood up at the end and I said , let me just take five minutes to share with you why – going back to these three legs of the stool – government will never get it done on its own .
Business will never get it done on its own .
Churches and synagogues and mosques and temples and everything , we have to work together .
We have to team tackle this .
But , I said , you ca n’t do it without congregations .
I put up a map – I had three PowerPoint slides .
The first slide , I said , this is the Western Province of Rwanda .
Now everybody knows we ’re working in Rwanda .
They do n’t know we ’re working in almost 150 other countries too , but that ’s the one that gets all the attention right now .
I put up the map .
I said , this is the Western Province of Rwanda .
There are 700,000 people in this area .
It ’s a rural area and there ’s one doctor for 700,000 people .
There are three hospitals , but those hospitals do n’t have a doctor ; they ’re pretty much volunteer staff .
They ’re all paramedical people .
There is no registered nurse in the entire state of 700,000 people .
If you get sick and you have to go to the hospital – Rwanda is a very mountainous country – you have to walk up and down , up and down , a two days ’ walk to get to the nearest hospital .
I said , that ’s poor health care .
Most of those people will never see a doctor in their entire life .
I said , by the way , of these three hospitals , two of them are church - based .
One ’s Seventh - Day Adventist ; one ’s Presbyterian .
I said the third is a secular .
So you would n’t have two - thirds of the health care if it were n’t for the church .
In almost every country in the world , the first hospital and the first school were started by missionaries – almost every – because we are a preaching , teaching , healing faith .
Then I said , watch this slide .
I put up the second slide ; there were 18 dots on the slide .
And I said , here are the 18 clinics in this area for 700,000 .
Now that ’s better than three hospitals .
But if you ’ve ever been to a clinic in a Third World country , you know that a clinic is often a bottle of aspirin on a shelf .
That ’s it .
It ’s certainly not like we talk about .
I ’ve been in clinics where there was a microscope and no medicine .
I ’ve been in clinics that were the size of about three of these tables and have a woman giving birth in a closet .
So it ’s better than nothing , but it ’s not much .
I said , now that ’s a one - day walk to any of these 18 clinics .
I said , oh , by the way , of these 18 clinics , 16 of them are Christian clinics .
They were started by churches .
Two of them are government clinics , so you would n’t have most of them if it were n’t for the churches there .
I said , now watch this , and I put up the third slide .
In the Western Province , 700,000 people , covered with dots – dot , dot , dot , dot , dot , dot , dot , dot , dot everywhere .
I said , here are the 826 congregations in this thing .
Now , where would you like to get your meds distributed ?
Two days ’ walk , one day ’s walk , or five minutes away ?
Melinda Gates , who was a friend of mine sitting in the front row , came up and said , Rick , I get it .
The church could be the distribution center for health care .
I said , not only health care , for everything else .
I said , they ’re more widely spread than any – they ’re already at ground network and volunteers all around the world .
I said , I could take you to 10 million villages , the only thing in it is a church .
They do n’t have a clinic , they do n’t have a school , they do n’t have a post office , but they ’ve got a church .
I said , not only for health care , Melinda , but for everything else .
You can use it for education , you can use it – all five things that we ’re talking about in the P.E.A.C.E. program .
I said , let me give you an example .
The president of Rwanda asked me to go and visit the president of Burundi .
It ’s the little country next door .
He said , this guy has asked me to mentor him ; would you go down and check him out ?
I said , sure .
So I get on a helicopter – the president ’s helicopter .
I fly down to Burundi and I meet this guy .
And I said , tell me your story .
He said , our country has been in civil war for 15 years .
He said , my father was murdered and my two brothers were murdered , and I ran to the jungle , to the bush , to hide to save my life .
He said , I hid for nine years – hid for nine years .
He said , I got so gaunt I could barely stand up without a stake .
And he said , after nine years they found me and they said , oh , you ’re still alive ?
Yeah .
We ’d like to run you for president .
So they elected him president .
Now he ’s a great guy but the World Bank would eat him alive .
I mean , instead of being in a university learning things , he was in the jungle .
But he is a great guy .
I said , so what ’s your goal for your country ?
How can I help you ?
And he said , the first goal is reconciliation .
So that ’s good .
I said , how are you doing it ?
He said , the two guys who murdered my brothers , I put them on my Cabinet .
I said , that ’s profound .
I said , what ’s your next goal ?
He said , free education for primary school children .
I said , that ’s a wonderful goal .
I said , how are you going to get the money to build those school buildings ?
He said , I do n’t know .
We ’re flat broke .
We have no money .
I said , I ’ve got an idea .
What ?
I said , let me go ask the churches .
I said , here ’s all these churches that sit empty five days a week in these villages .
There ’s not much to them but at least there ’s a building .
So we went and we asked these , would you allow the government to put a public school in your building for free ?
We started 200 schools in two months .
There are things you can do that ca n’t be done without the church .
In that area that had no health care , we started a year and half ago , and I asked 11 pastors and two imams – Muslim imams .
There were no synagogues , so I got the Muslims and the Christians and said , would you like us to train you in basic health care ?
They said , sure .
So we took people in and we began to train – each of these pastors picked two people from their congregation , so there are four Muslims and 22 Christian people .
We trained them in basic stuff like wash your hands before you do anything .
Boil the water .
Put the sheets out in the sun so it sanitizes them .
Then we started teaching them more things like how to dress a wound , all the way up to how to administer ARVs .
Today , right now , I have 1,400 trained community health care workers – it will be over 1,500 by the end of December – in an area that had one doctor a year - and - a - half ago .
Now that ’s the kind of health care I ’m interested in , not some omnibus bill that ’s arguing over , is abortion going to be in it or not ?
I ’m sorry , I ’m just not interested in that kind of thing .
I ’m interested in results , and I know now that there will be 1,500 people working in their own community that I do n’t have to pay for providing basic health care to people who will never have a doctor .
That ’s what matters to me .
ADELLE BANKS , RELIGION NEWS SERVICE : Hello .
I wanted to follow up on Kim ’s question about transition .
I noticed in the book that Jeff Sheler wrote about you that you said something in March about your having 10 more years in the church , then you were going to let the church go and you ’ll continue with your other ministries .
So can you talk about what your church is doing for that transition and , if possible , what you think about other Christian leaders , in particular , evangelical Christian leaders , and whether any
others are doing transition well or not ?
WARREN : That ’s a great question , Adelle .
In the first place , I have n’t read the book .
Jeff sent me a copy of it right before I left , a few days .
I was busy .
I have n’t even looked at it , so I do n’t even know what ’s in it .
CROMARTIE :
What ’s the name of the book ?
BANKS : Page 285 . ( Laughter . )
WARREN : Page 285 .
“ Prophet of Purpose . ”
It ’s a terrible title .
( Laughter . )
CROMARTIE : Is that on the record ?
WARREN : It was not an authorized biography .
He just did it .
But there is no success without a successor .
When I started Saddleback Church , I was 25 years old , and I made a commitment to give 40 years of my life to that church and then I was going to turn it over to somebody else , not because I would n’t have energy – I ’m going to have more energy at 85 than a lot of guys at 25 – but because the church needs younger leadership – not for my benefit but for their benefit .
So this year , April 4th , when we go to Anaheim Stadium , we will celebrate 30 years .
That means the clock ’s ticking .
I ’ve got 10 years left at Saddleback .
When I graduate from the church , I ’ll just continue doing all the global stuff I ’ve been doing .
I actually retired when the book came out .
Most of you know that I tithe 90 percent .
When you write the best - selling book in English history , second to the Bible – The Purpose Driven Life is the most translated book in the world except for the Bible .
It ’s in over a hundred languages .
Friends , it ’s tens of millions of dollars .
The income is tens of millions of dollars .
It actually scared me and I thought , wait a minute : I ’m a pastor ; I ’m pretty simple .
If I ’ve got a pair of jeans and a T - shirt , I do n’t need anything else – good T - shirt .
And when you write a book and the first sentence of the book is , “ It ’s not about you , ” then you figure the money is not for you .
So I knew that all this money coming in was not to be used by me .
So Kay and I made five decisions – this was seven years ago – what to do with these tens of millions of dollars .
One –
CROMARTIE : Get rid of the Hawaiian shirts .
WARREN : Yeah .
One , we said we ’re not going to spend it on ourselves .
We ’re not going to change our lifestyle one bit .
I still live in the same house I ’ve lived in for 17 years .
I drive a 10 - year - old Ford truck .
I bought my watch at Wal - Mart .
I do n’t own a boat , I do n’t own a plane , I do n’t own a vacation home .
I did n’t want to be a televangelist .
That ’s why I ’ve never gone on television .
Of the largest churches in America , I think I ’m the only one not on TV because I do n’t like that lifestyle .
The second thing is seven years ago I stopped taking a salary from Saddleback Church , so I effectively retired .
Third is I added up all that the church had paid me in 25 years and I gave it all back .
I knew I was being put under the spotlight , and I never wanted anybody to think that I do what I do for money .
I do n’t .
I do it because I love Jesus Christ .
That ’s why I do it .
And I love people .
It ’s why I do what I do .
It ’s really funny because the very next week I was interviewed – it was either Time or Newsweek sent somebody over for an article , and the first question was , what ’s your salary ?
I thought , this is going to be good .
Here is some fat cat megachurch pastor ripping off the flock .
I just looked at her and I said , well , actually , I ’ve served my church for free for 25 years .
Got her .
Oh , that felt good .
Now I had to repent of my pride later but it felt good for about five minutes .
( Laughter . )
Then we set up three foundations , our three charities .
One is Acts of Mercy , which works with people infected and affected by AIDS .
One is called Equipping Leaders , which – as I travel around the world , like these trips I ’m doing , I pay for it all myself .
I have n’t taken an honorarium in 10 years .
I pay for it all myself , and I take my team with me and I pay for them .
And then the P.E.A.C.E. Plan .
Then the last thing we did is we became reverse tithers .
CROMARTIE :
What ’s the third foundation ?
WARREN : The P.E.A.C.E. Plan .
It ’s not a foundation ; it ’s a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) charity , the P.E.A.C.E. Plan .
And lots of churches are involved in that .
But the fifth thing I did is I became a reverse tither .
When Kay and I got married 35 years ago , we started giving 10 percent of our income away .
The Bible calls that tithing , charity .
At the end of our first year , we raised our tithe to 11 percent .
At the end of our second year , we raised our tithe to 12 percent .
At the end of our third year of marriage , we raised our tithe to 13 percent .
Now the Bible does n’t teach us – in fact , we did n’t tell anybody about it for 30 years because we were n’t doing it to impress anybody .
We did it because every time I give , it breaks the grip of materialism in my life .
Every time I give , I become more generous .
Every time I give , my heart grows bigger .
Every time I give , I become more like Jesus Christ , who is my model .
Over the years , every time we would have a tough financial year , we would raise our giving maybe a quarter of a percent .
When I ’d get a raise , I would raise it 4 or 5 percent .
And now , after 35 years of marriage , Kay and I give away 90 percent of our income and live on 10 .
I take no salary ; I just live on the royalties of the best - selling book of all time , but I live on 10 percent – 10 percent of it – and I give away 90 .
That has been so much fun , and I ’ve played this game with God for 35 years .
God says , you give to me and I ’ll give to you and we ’ll see who wins , and I ’ve lost every year .
I ’m not talking about material gain .
I do n’t even believe in the , quote , “ prosperity ” gospel .
It ’s a heresy .
It ’s a heresy .
Do n’t ever put an adjective in front of “ gospel . ”
There is no social gospel .
There is no prosperity gospel .
There is no political gospel .
There is just the Gospel , and so do n’t pervert it .
But that has been so much fun .
BANKS : You said that there is no success without a successor –
WARREN : Oh , yes , I ’ll tell you what I did .
I ’m sorry –
BANKS : – so could you speak to the issue of a transition for your church and what you think of others ?
Thank you .
WARREN : You ’re right ; I did not answer that question .
I knew that with me being 10 years out , I wanted a successful transition .
So we did at Saddleback Church something that I do n’t know any other church has ever done , almost a year - and - a - half ago .
We lowered the age of the leadership body in our church by 16 years in one week .
We had a group of pastors who have been with me pretty much since the start that we call our elders .
Most of us are in our 50s , mid-50s , and we have led the church all these years .
All along we ’ve been mentoring the next generation , which is what I ’m doing .
I ’m spending the rest of my life mentoring the next generation .
We had a group of young guys who were in their 30s and a couple reaching 40 , and in one week we turned over the leadership .
We moved all of the guys out of leadership who were in , including me – I ’m just a teaching pastor – and we moved these guys in their 30 - somethings into the leadership , which we call the PMT , the Pastor ’s Management Team , and we turned over the leadership of a megachurch to – how many guys , David ?
David is on that – how many guys are on it ?
UNIDENTIFIED : Nine .
WARREN : Nine guys .
David is one of the nine guys .
They ’re all young guys who are running this enormous megachurch and we ’re doing other stuff .
So the transition is already being made right now .
CROMARTIE :
But you ’re not going to tell us the name of the person who ’s going to succeed you , though ?
Probably not .
WARREN : I do n’t know .
But I will tell you this : Peter Drucker , my mentor , said you should never choose your successor .
I believe that because typically what you ’ll do is you ’ll choose a person like yourself , and what the organization usually needs is the exact opposite of what you were , at that point .
Do you know what I ’m saying ?
CROMARTIE : Yes .
Well , that ’s his philosophy also .
DAVID KIRKPATRICK , THE NEW YORK TIMES : First of all , I see that you do n’t want to talk about this , and so please forgive me but you ’ve arrived in Washington –
WARREN : Please forgive me for not answering .
KIRKPATRICK : – at a moment when the city is in the grips of a theological debate .
A group of prominent American theologians , the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops , concluded some decades ago that there was a Gospel mandate for the federal government to provide medicine to every sick person who needed it , to ensure that care was there .
Now that ’s poised to become the law , and yet the Catholic bishops have a problem because some provisions of that they fear would entangle U.S. taxpayers in cooperation in evil because it would use federal money to help people one way or the other get insurance coverage for abortions .
And the Democratic Party is all hung up over this .
They do n’t see a way out .
What do you think ?
Do you think the church is making the right call ?
And does a solution exist ?
What is your reaction to this ?
It ’s a theological question , as I say .
WARREN : I do n’t know what the answer is going to be on these issues that are seemingly intractable – on the definition of marriage , the definition of when life begins .
To me , Peggy Noonan had the best line on that one .
She said , when does life begin ?
You remember I asked the president , when do babies get their human rights ?
Any 16 - year - old boy who has bought a condom knows when life begins .
KIRKPATRICK : But what about cooperation in evil ?
WARREN : On your issue , I would say the only ray of hope I see is if they can come up with – and I ’m not talking about this in particular – come up with some kind of religious , conscientious objector kind of thing , clause , where people who have – whether they ’re Muslim or Hindu or Buddhist or Christian , whatever , do not have to violate their conscience on a particular issue .
I do n’t even know if that ’s – it ’s not my thing , but maybe there could be some kind of religious , conscientious objection clause that allows people to opt out or opt in on something that is objectionable to them .
Maybe we can come up with something like that in a democracy .
CROMARTIE : Let me ask a question from the remote listeners .
From Politics Daily is David Gibson .
And this moves us out of Washington politics .
How do you see the legacy of Billy Graham in American evangelicalism ?
Will there be another Billy Graham , and are you the next Billy Graham ?
Can you fill that role or has evangelicalism changed too much ?
WARREN : Is this laughable ?
I mean , how many times do I get asked this question ?
No , I am not the next Billy Graham .
If anybody was the next Billy Graham , it would be Franklin .
It ’s his son .
Franklin is doing crusade evangelism .
I have never been an evangelist .
CROMARTIE :
How do you see the legacy –
WARREN : An evangelist is somebody who travels around from place to place doing crusades .
I ’m a pastor .
That means I move more toward caring for an individual flock .
I ’ve been with these people for 30 years .
I love them .
So I ’m in one place .
Billy Graham ’s legacy is multifold .
Billy Graham is a mentor of mine , and he taught me a number of different things .
One of them is he taught me how to handle criticism because Billy Graham –
CROMARTIE : Was it in a personal conversation that he told you –
WARREN : Oh , yes , and many times I ’ve talked to him about – and I ’d call him and things like that .
I actually sent an e-mail this week .
Billy does n’t like to talk on the phone so much anymore , so I sent an e-mail .
His hearing is impaired .
But I just sent him a question this week about an issue that he ’s kind of mentored me from a distance on .
His integrity , his bridge - building , his willingness to deal – like his willingness to go to Russia when everybody criticized him for going to Russia , and things like that – I admire that .
I admire bridge - building ability .
He never wavered on what he believed .
He believes the evangelical Gospel .
I believe that too .
But it did n’t keep him from having friendships with people who did n’t believe that .
It did n’t keep him from respecting people who did n’t believe that .
And it did n’t keep him from working for the greater good in situations .
So he ’s irreplaceable .
He ’s irreplaceable .
CROMARTIE : I think we ’re out of time and so I apologize .
We have followed one of your tenets , I think , of civility .
And this is what the Pew Forum exists for is to have people from different viewpoints – different political persuasions , different religious persuasions , different persuasions altogether – come together and dialogue .
We know how busy you are , Rick .
Thank you for being busy enough to join us for this time because it ’s been terrific .
Join me in thanking Pastor Rick Warren .
LUGO : Thank you very much .
WARREN : Thank you , guys .
( Applause . )
Thank you .
If you ever come out to Orange County , give me a ring .
I know every place to eat under five bucks .
I ’ll treat you to a real gourmet meal .
LUGO : And , Rick , I ’m bound and determined that my successor will not be Cuban .
WARREN : That ’s good .
That ’s good , Luis .
Great .
Thank you , everybody .
This written transcript has been edited by Amy Stern for clarity , grammar and accuracy .
The delegation has spent the last few days of our time together traveling around the region , hence the lack of blog posts .
We said goodbye to Justin this morning , and Kate will leave tonight .
Julianne , Nathaniel , and Rob will be staying in the region to travel , learn more about the situation in Palestine , and participate in demonstrations against the Apartheid Wall .
It should be noted that Sunday and Monday were spent engaged in activities that do not directly relate to the labor aspects of this delegation , but are worth recording in order to provide a full picture of our witness as a group , as well as a political context to understand the labor and economic situation in Israel / Palestine .
Sunday was spent immersed in the history and politics of Jerusalem , beginning with a stop at an ever expanding Jewish settlement in a largely Arab section of East Jerusalem .
Palestinians had recently been forcefully evicted from their homes by settlers and hired guards , and are living in tents on the street while the settlers occupy their homes .
This area had been granted to 1948 Palestinians by the Jordanian government in 1956 , and has long been an area populated by Arabs .
At the time of our visit , the residents of the homes , as well as a handful of activists , were anxiously awaiting an IsraeliSupreme Court decision that would determine the owners of the land .
Throughout our delegation , we 've listened as Palestinians cite Jerusalem as central to any peace negotiations , and this experience certainly brought those conversations to life .
Monday we had the excellent opportunity , thanks to our guide Mitri , to ride a chartered bus to the Golan Heights , in commemoration of the release of 4 political prisoners , some of whom had been in jail for as many as 25 years .
The Golan Heights is Israeli - occupied Syrian territory , whose beauty is marred by fields pocked with landmines , some of which wash down the hills to the residential areas when it rains .
We shared an impressive feast with the released prisoners and a group of about 50 Palestinians , many of whom were members of the FIDA party .
The bus ride , while long , was a lot of fun , with dancing , singing and clapping all the way up the mountains .
On the way back , the music of Umm Kulthoum paired with the sight of the sun setting into the Sea of Galilee offered a pensive and relaxing trip , and the delegation parted ways with Mitri and the others in Tiberias .
The group had one minor scare at a checkpoint ; two of our delegation members were pulled off the bus and interrogated .
The questioning , however , was thankfully short - lived .
The last day of the delegation was spent in Nazareth , where we met with two labor organizations : Sawt Al - Amal [ Voice of Labor ] and Ma'an , or the Workers Advice Center .
For readers who are not familiar with the area , Nazareth is one of the largest Arab cities inside Israel , and the conditions of workers inside Israel , while equally problematic , are somewhat different than those in the occupied territories .
Sawt Al - Amal was formed as an alternative to Histradut , the Israeli union that is closely aligned with the Israeli government , in part because , post 1948 , there were no organizations representing Palestinian workers inside Israel .
Palestinians inside Israel face institutionalized racism and systematic economic disempowerment , and Sawt Al - Amal works to ameliorate these problems through organizing and advocacy .
The visits to unions in Nazareth lent insight into the dynamics between working class Jews and Arabs , and the situation of Palestinians inside Israel .
Sawt Al - Amal as an organization tries very hard to unite Jewish and Arab workers , however , the group finds it very difficult because of the segregation inside Israel .
Everything inside Israeli public life is separated between Arabs and Jews .
Of all the cities in Israel , only 5 are considered to be officially " mixed " .
There are 2 school systems , one for Arabs and one for Jews , and the mandatory military service , of which Palestinians are exempt , offers educational and financial benefits to Israelis and not Palestinians .
In terms of labor , there are many Israeli employers that refuse to hire Palestinians , and there are some sectors of the economy where Palestinians are completely barred : the electricity company , the telecommunications industry , the airports and seaports are largely off limits to Arabs .
Sawt Al - Amal considers the struggle of Palestinian workers to be the same struggle as workers all over the globe , but unique because of the conflict .
They not only face problems of privatization and globalization , but suffer from institutionalized racism as well .
There are efforts to unite Jewish and Arab workers .
Sawt - Al Amal works with some of the smaller Jewish unions , who are organizing immigrant workers , as well as the service industry .
They frequently engage in political discussion with these organizations , stating that " If discrimination exists , all workers are hurt " .
Occasionally , Arabs and Jews will take to the streets together , demonstrating for rights within a specific workplace .
However , as soon as the conversation turns to the root causes of economic exploitation among the Palestinians , mutually supportive work is divided along ethnic lines .
Political tensions run deep , and organizing Jews and Arabs together proves difficult .
A line from the preamble of the IWW Constitution , " the working class and the employing class have nothing in common " , sparked an interesting discussion about Palestinian employers .
According to our hosts at Sawt Al - Amal , Palestinian employers are not necessarily more sympathetic to Palestinian workers , readily play the " nationalist " card in response to organizing , and are just as likely to break a union as Israeli employers .
It is a difficult situation , in part because there is little awareness in the Palestinian community about the rights of workers and the obligations of employers .
In general , there is a lack of organizing infrastructure , as Palestinian institutions were either destroyed or exiled in 1948 , as well as a general suspicion of unions , as Palestinians had to join the zionist - oriented Histradut in order to obtain a work permit .
Sometimes , Palestinians think of unions as the oppressor .
Ma'an unionists had some interesting things to say about foreign workers , especially in the construction sector .
Many immigrants are brought to Israel , not on their own volition , but as part of economic agreements between governments .
For example , in an agreement between Israel and Turkey , low - wage workers are traded for a guarantee that Israeli tanks will be repaired inside Turkey .
These worker 's passports are captured , and they work for wages amounting to slave labor .
Ma'an has set up committees at construction sites to assist in the organizing of these workers , as well as working on an advocacy level , with , in particular , Thai workers who flood Israeli farms , apparently in violation of international labor laws .
One of the more mind - boggling statistics of the afternoon is that there are 300,000 foreign workers and 300,000 unemployed Palestinians inside Israel .
Ma'an is organizing truck drivers , archaeological diggers , freelance television and education workers , and temporary laborers .
They also have an extensive women 's empowerment campaign , that works to draw women into the agricultural sector .
Their primary mode of operations is to assist in the development of the Palestinian job market , and they were first recognized as a union that represents workers as a result of a campaign inside the West Bank .
Palestinians inside the West Bank were working for an Israeli - owned quarry , and the employer was not abiding by Israeli laws or Palestinian laws .
Ma'an fought for the rights of those workers , and helped improve their conditions .
Aside from this campaign , however , Ma'an leaves organizing within the territories to the Palestinian unions , and focuses their efforts inside Israel .
The group produced a documentary called 6 Floors to Hell that details the lives of Palestinians working illegally inside Israel .
Ma'an has an explicitly political mission , and believes that organizing the working class is necessary if you want to be a force for social change .
They see the building of a union to be the beginning of an internationalist workers party , that would unite workers beyond religion and ethnicity .
It 's worth noting that we spoke with both organizations about the Israeli boycott effort that is supported by unions in the West Bank and around the world , and while neither had signed on to the international BDS call , they had very different responses .
Sawt Al - Amal did not sign on because the boycott is fairly specific to the occupied territories , and their focus is on the situation for workers inside Israel .
As an organization with limited capacity , focus is key .
The group endorses the boycott informally , and will support any of their allies with information and statistics in their boycott efforts .
Ma'an , however , takes the position that outside countries should prioritize taking action against the wrongdoings of their own governments [ using the example of the US occupation of Iraq ] , and that boycotting Israel is not in line with the Palestinian Authority .
Ma'an believes that boycotting the settlement goods is ok , but boycotting everything else is challenging .
And now , the delegation is signing off .
We 've had a really wonderful trip , have met some truly wonderful people , have been inspired , enlightened and energized by all that we have seen and heard .
There may be more posts from individual delegation members in the next several days , but the official delegation is over .
Time to get to work in the US !
CLEVELAND -
More remains were discovered yesterday at the Cleveland home of a convicted rapist , raising to 10 the number of bodies that have been found there , authorities said .
Four more bodies and a skull were found at the home , where the remains of six women were removed last week , police Chief Michael McGrath said .
Anthony Sowell , 50 , who lives in the home , is in jail and was charged yesterday with five counts of aggravated murder .
“ It appears that this man had an insatiable appetite that he had to fill , ’’ McGrath said .
He said the additional bodies were found buried in the backyard of the home .
The skull was found in a bucket in the basement .
Authorities do not know whether the skull belongs to an 11th victim , police spokesman Lieutenant Thomas Stacho said .
The search was to continue today , with Fire Department crews planning to search in the walls of the home , McGrath said .
Last week , investigators said they had found one body in a shallow grave in the backyard .
The rest were inside the house - one in the basement , two in the third - floor living room , and two in an upstairs crawl space .
Police discovered the first six bodies Thursday and Friday after a woman reported being raped at Sowell ’s home .
Sowell also was charged yesterday with rape , felonious assault , and kidnapping related to her complaint .
Sowell is to be arraigned today , Stacho said .
The Cuyahoga County coroner is attempting to identify the first group of bodies through DNA and dental records .
All six victims were black .
Five were strangled .
The bodies could have been there anywhere from weeks to months to years , said Powell Caesar , a spokesman for the coroner .
Yesterday , detectives brought in dogs and digging equipment to scour the home and backyard , looking for evidence to connect Sowell to the bodies , Stacho said .
Police turned up nothing in a search of a quarter - mile swath of abandoned , boarded - up homes near Sowell ’s residence , which sits in a crowded inner-city neighborhood of mostly older houses .
They planned to scour another quarter - mile area yesterday , McGrath said .
He said Sowell did not have a car would have had to take a city bus to travel .
A crowd of about a hundred people milled about and chatted near the home last evening .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Famous movie quotes as if written by a proper Englishman
“ We must acquire a larger vessel . ”
- Jaws
“ I ’m growing impatient with these malevolent slithering reptiles on this bloody aircraft . ”
- Snakes on a Plane
“ Toodeloo you ghastly miscreant . ”
- Die Hard 1,2,3,4
“ Please remove your simian appendages from my person , you unwashed gorilla man-thing . ”
- Planet of the Apes
“ There is a herptile in my western footwear ! ”
- Toy Story
“ I shall return . ”
- Every Arnold Schwarzenegger movie
“ I am now fully versed in the combat stylings of " Kung Fu . ”
- The Matrix
“ I do wish I could cease committing acts of sodomy unto your delightful buttocks . ”
- Brokeback Mountain
“ My dearest apologies Captain , I have configured this vessel to it ’s maximum efficiency .
Alas , if you wish me to attempt to defy the laws of physics , I shall increase my efforts . ”
- various Star Trek movies and episodes
“ Does Marsellus Wallace match the appearance of a female canine ?
Then why is it , good sir , that you are attempting to have coital relations with him , as if he were a female canine ? ”
- Pulp Fiction
“ I do not believe that is an orbiting planetary body , but in fact a massive facility constructed exclusively for use in space . ”
- Star Wars : A New Hope
“ Oh dear .
I do believe that when we dined on this soylent green , the main ingredient was in fact human beings .
In its defense , twas better than English food . ”
- Soylent Green
“ I say to thee honestly milady , I am an indifferent . ”
- Gone With the Wind
“ It ’s an elaborate ruse ! ”
- Return of the Jedi
“ Miss Scarlett , I regret to inform you that I am uneducated in the field of obstetrics . ”
- Gone With the Wind
“ Fare thee well , infant . ”
- Terminator 2 : Judgement Day
Did you get them all ?
Have any to add ?
My SS made and sent me a hand - painted clay potholder !
We cook a lot , and our current and only pot rest is a Christmas one , so we get to use this one now AND the rest of the year !
Thank you B.G. !
Enlarge AP file photo President John F. Kennedy and his wife , Jacqueline , ride in a motorcade moments before the president was fatally shot on November 22 , 1963 .
Jim Sibert has answered the questions for 46 years , ever since the night he observed the autopsy of President John F. Kennedy
Over the years , the former FBI special agent has been interviewed for books and calls and questions keep coming from teachers , authors and historians .
Now , as another anniversary of the assassination arrives , Sibert , 91 , was asked again about that historic day , Nov. 22 , 1963 .
" It started out like a normal day , " Sibert said .
At the time , Sibert was a 45 - year - old FBI special agent stationed in Maryland and only a year younger than Kennedy .
Late in the day , the president of the United States lay dead in front of him with a hole in his head .
" It was a piece blown out of the skull , " Sibert said .
Sibert and another agent , Frances X. O'Neill , met the casket at Andrews Air Force Base and accompanied it to Bethesda Naval Hospital .
They were assigned to watch the autopsy , stay with the body and , as Sibert and O'Neill noted in a report dictated four days after the examination , " to obtain bullets reportedly in the president 's body . "
When Kennedy 's body was removed from its casket and white sheets were unwrapped from him , Sibert recalls how the one around his head was blood soaked .
" His eyes were fixed open , " Sibert recalled .
No clothing came with the slain president .
The suit Kennedy wore in the open - topped limousine had been cut off in Dallas , where he was gunned down .
More than a single bullet ?
What happened in Dallas that day remains contested with factions still debating whether Lee Harvey Oswald was the only shooter or if he was part of a wide - ranging conspiracy .
" I do n't buy the single - bullet theory , " Sibert said .
" I wo n't go as far as to say there was no conspiracy . "
Sibert and O'Neill 's report , titled " Autopsy of Body of President John Fitzgerald Kennedy , " stated that Commander James J. Humes , who conducted the autopsy , noted another wound .
" During the latter stages of this autopsy , Dr. Humes located an opening which appeared to be a bullet hole which was below the shoulders and two inches to the right of the middle line of the spinal column , " Sibert and O'Neill reported .
Sibert wo n't guess on possible conspirators , on who else may have shot Kennedy other than Oswald .
" I would n't have any way of knowing , " Sibert said .
" See , that 's another thing .
All my work was in Bethesda , Md . "
The FBI , Sibert said , had no jurisdiction in the investigation .
The FBI website notes that " When President Kennedy was assassinated , the crime was a local homicide ; no federal law addressed the murder of a president . "
Focused on duty During the autopsy , Sibert could n't let the magnitude of the event overwhelm his duty .
" You just kind of think this happened to the president of the United States , " Sibert said .
Sibert recalls the somber atmosphere during the president 's autopsy .
" There was n't any joking , " Sibert said .
" No comic remarks made . "
The experience , Sibert said , did n't change him profoundly .
But every now and then the former World War II bomber pilot who continued with the FBI until 1972 gets calls from people who are still curious .
There are also the memories of the history he witnessed .
" The other thing was the ferocity of the wounds , " Sibert said .
" That 's tough .
I never had nightmares , but it 's something that flashes through my mind a lot of times . "
Still , he 's not obsessed with what he saw or what may have been behind the assassination .
" I do n't think about it every day , " Sibert said .
" Generally when something comes up , an article in the paper , something about the assassination , somebody wants to know about it .
It 's just another incident in your bureau career that you handled the best you could . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Pues resulta que hasta mi cinismo casi recalcitrante tiene sus puntos débiles .
Y que con todo , aún me conmueven los intentos por descararnos .
Cuando son frescos y en su crudeza también entretienen .
Presunto Culpable , documental hijo de muchos autores , evidencia que cuando comenzamos a contar ciertas historias , de cierta manera , estamos listos para cambiar la Historia .
La anécdota ya no sorprende , en eso estriba un poco la tragedia original .
Cuando tu condena es demostrar tu inocencia , y no al revés , algo anda muy podrido en nuestra Dinamarca .
Un joven , levantado al azar , purga la culpa por un crimen que no cometió .
Así , porque los policías debían cumplir con su cuota de detenidos , porque el sistema lo permite y las circunstancias lo favorecen .
En México , como en muchos países de la región , el nombre del juego es impunidad : ésa que paraliza , determina , traza pasados .
No hay quien no tenga anécdota que contar sobre corrupción , abuso de autoridad , arbitrariedades .
El muy mexicano " ni modo " materializa nuestro claudicar .
" ¡ Ya ni pa ' qué le mueves , mano ! "
Hasta que le mueven .
La cámara recorre , va y viene , papel , papel , papel , papel ... expedientes apilados en estantes metálicos , pasillos llenos de rostros , destinos , olores - a veces el cine huele , no sólo duele - ; túneles amarillos y esa espantosa luz blanca que siempre tiembla ; paredes despellejadas , celdas bien organizadas : al fin son muchos los que sabrán acomodarse en pocos metros ; incluso aquél que duerme sobre el piso , bajo las literas tomadas , con las cucarachas sobre el cuerpo - porque también las cucarachas deben acomodarse .
Y luego los juicios , y los rostros , y esas sonrisas , esas sonrisas desgraciadas .
Ahí todos son títeres , los buenos y los malos ; el problema es que ya no nos acordamos quién es el titiritero .
Presunto Culpable , documental de Roberto Hernández , Layda Negrete , Geoffrey Smith , y una larga lista de cómplices - entre ellos las productoras Martha Sosa y Yissel Ibarra - cuenta la historia de Antonio Zúñiga , joven vendedor de videojuegos y productos de cómputo en las calles de Iztapalapa ( esa colonia del Distrito Federal mexicano , reciente centro de atención , ahora por el actuar de un candidato a delegado , Juanito , que en su picaresca descaró la perversión de un sistema que aún se afirma ) .
Estar en el lugar y el momento equivocados : nunca es buena receta para nada .
Zúñiga termina en la cárcel porque la policía lo relaciona con un retrato hablado al que no se parece , que nunca aparece y a pesar del cual comparece .
Ahí comienza todo .
Un juicio para justificar la decisión previamente tomada : Zúñiga es culpable , porque sí. Y aquí podría ganar mi ya citado cinismo casi recalcitrante .
Algo en mí diría : ¿y cuál es la novedad ?
La suerte , que también juega en esto , y trabajos previos , hicieron que a dos estudiosos del derecho y el sistema judicial mexicano , Roberto Hernández y Layda Negrete , les llegara esta historia , comenzarán a videograbar los juicios ( sí , porque nadie se los impidió ) , lucharán por acomodar las piezas para convencer a quien importa .
Mientras van pasando los días , que se hacen años para Zúñiga en esa cárcel mexicana .
Y de ahí en adelante ya no les cuento , porque necesitan ver la película .
Recojo algunos momentos : los gestos de los policías interrogados , el bigote retorcido de la dignidad herida ; la sorna del juez que es también parte ; las mujeres del acusado - amigas , hermanas , madre , novia , hija - que son el coro que lo soporta ; el break dance con el que ese Zúñiga hip hopero retrueca un poco su destino ; los insoportables careos que obligan a sostener la mirada del que te está hundiendo ; la abogada de la parte acusadora que revira , cuando Zúñiga le pregunta ¿por qué me condenas ? , con un mexicanísimo " porque es mi chamba " que sepulta a la razón bajo la lógica del que se asume ficha de engranaje ; el abogado defensor que en un suspiro sentencia " ¡qué huevos tienen estos cabrones ! " .
Presunto Culpable se estrenó con gran éxito en el Festival de Cine Internacional de Toronto 2009 , y ganó por aclamación como Mejor Documental en el reciente Festival Internacional de Cine de Morelia .
Lo merece , por su armado narrativo , por la pista musical , por la gran intuición visual .
Porque es profundamente entretenida , y emotiva .
Pero , a la postre , lo que más me gustó de la película es que no paraliza en la exhibición de nuestras miserias sociales .
Cuando la impunidad se vuelve rasgo cultural , es difícil encontrar motivadores que la descoloquen .
Y aquí los hay , y muy concretos .
Por eso decía que cuando comenzamos a contar ciertas historias , de cierta manera , estamos listos para cambiar la Historia .
71 % de los prisioneros en México es alimentado por su propia familia ; 93 % de los presos nunca vio una orden de aprehensión ; 95 % de las sentencias es condenatoria ; 92 % de las acusaciones carece de evidencia física y se basa en testigos - todo esto según estudios del Centro de Investigación y Docencia Económica ( CIDE ) y del Tribunal Superior de Justicia del Distrito Federal .
Y las cifras no son muy diferentes para otros países de la región latinoamericana .
Luego nos sorprendemos de que la impunidad sea un rasgo casi genético .
Y películas , o series de televisión , hemos visto muchas sobre esta materia : motines , abusos , violaciones , vejaciones .
Nos hemos ido acostumbrando a la narrativa de la violencia .
Tal vez por eso estemos listos para contarnos las mismas historias de otra manera , y para provocar la conversación necesaria que en una de esas sí motive el cambio .
Creo que la llegada del otoño suavizó mi cinismo casi recalcitrante .
O que ya estoy necesitando encontrar historias que al conmoverme , me muevan .
Claro que siempre podremos seguir en el lamento de la impunidad ; al fin , mientras no nos toque estar en el lugar equivocado y el momento equivocado ...
Porque la suerte , recordemos , también juega en esto .
Extended LET - syntax for multiple values
, by Sebastian Egner
This SRFI is a proposal for extending let , let* , and letrec for receiving multiple values .
The syntactic extension is fully compatible with the existing syntax .
It is the intention that single - value bindings , i.e. ( let ( ( var expr ) ) ... ) , and multiple - value binding can be mixed freely and conveniently .
The most simple form of the new syntax is best explained by an example :
( define ( quo-rem x y ) ( values ( quotient x y ) ( remainder x y ) ) ) ( define ( quo x y ) ( let ( ( q r ( quo-rem x y ) ) ) q ) )
The procedure quo-rem delivers two values to its continuation .
These values are received as q and r in the let - expression of the procedure quo .
In other words , the syntax of let is extended such that several variables can be specified --- and these variables receive the values delivered by the expression ( quo-rem x y ) .
The syntax of let is further extended to cases in which a rest argument receives the list of all residual values .
Again by example ,
( let ( (( values y1 y2 . y3 + ) ( foo x ) ) ) body )
values
y1
y2
y3 +
( foo x )
values
( let ( ( ( values . xs ) ( foo x ) ) ) body )
( let ( ( ( values ) ( for - each foo list ) ) ) body )
In this example , is a syntactic keyword indicating the presence of multiple values to be received , and , and , resp . , are variables bound to the first value , the second value , and the list of the remaining values , resp . , as produced by .
The syntactic keywordallows receiving all values as in .
It also allows receiving no values at all as in
A common application of binding multiple values is decomposing data structures into their components .
This mechanism is illustrated in its most primitive form as follows :
The procedure uncons ( defined below ) decomposes a pair x into its car and its cdr and delivers them as two values to its continuation .
Then an extended let can receive these values :
( let ( ( car- x cdr-x ( uncons x ) ) ) ( foo car - x cdr- x ) )
Of course , for pairs this method is probably neither faster nor clearer than using the procedures car and cdr .
However , for data structures doing substantial work upon decomposition this is different :
Extracting the element of highest priority from a priority queue , while at the same time constructing the residual queue , can both be more efficient and more convenient than doing both operations independently .
In fact , the quo-rem example illustrates this point already as both quotient and remainder are probably computed by a common exact division algorithm .
( And often caching is used to avoid executing this algorithm twice as often as needed . )
When Obama first came to office , his nominees were plagued with tax - evasion issues .
And that problem has n't gone away
Lael Brainard , nominee for undersecretary of the Treasury for international affairs , was late on paying real estate taxes in 2005 , 2006 , and 2007 .
AP : The report by the Senate Finance Committee staff also challenges the accuracy of a deduction Brainard claimed for running an office from her home .
The challenge led Brainard to reduce the deduction on her 2008 return .
The committee 's top Republican is unhappy that the committee staff had to submit 10 sets of questions to Brainard before getting complete information about the discrepancies .
Brainard is the fifth Obama nominee to have tax problems .
All this over a few years of deferred real estate taxes ?
Who WASN'T late paying their taxes in 2006 and 2007 ?
If you 'll recall , Timothy Geithner also ran into trouble with his nomination after failing to pay taxes in 2001 .
On September 28 , 2008 , Falcon 1 Flight 4 lifted off at 4:15 p.m. ( PDT ) from the Space Exploration Technologies ( SpaceX ) launch site on Omelek Island at the U.S. Army Kwajalein Atoll ( USAKA ) in the Central Pacific , about 2,500 miles southwest of Hawaii .
It achieved an elliptical orbit of 621 x 643 km , 9.3 degrees inclination , and carried into orbit a payload mass simulator of approximately 165 kg ( 364 lbs ) , designed and built by SpaceX specifically for this mission .
Here ’s a video of the launch :
The Falcon 1 – designed and manufactured from the ground up – became the first privately - developed liquid fuel rocket to orbit the Earth .
SpaceX is but one of two notable ventures by the former co-founder of PayPal , 38 - year - old Elon Musk .
He is also Chairman and CEO of Tesla Motors , developer of high - end electric automobiles .
By the age of 12 Elon Musk had sold his first commercial software , a space game called Blaster .
Sixteen years later he sold his first company , Zip2 , to Compaq ’s Alta Vista division for $ 341 million in cash and stock .
His next venture was PayPal , acquired by eBay for $ 1.5 billion in stock in 2002 .
Musk ’s SpaceX venture is developing a set of launch vehicle and spacecraft products intended to increase the reliability and reduce the cost of both manned and unmanned space transportation .
With the Falcon 1 and Falcon 9 vehicles , SpaceX intends to offer highly reliable / cost - efficient launch capabilities for spacecraft insertion into any orbital altitude and inclination .
Starting in 2010 , SpaceX ’s Dragon spacecraft will provide Earth - to - LEO transport of pressurized and unpressurized cargo , including resupply to the International Space Station ( ISS ) .
Musk says he was motivated to found SpaceX after learning NASA had no plans to send man to Mars .
Musk considers space exploration one of the main areas that will " most affect the future of humanity : "
Currently , the space transport business serves both national government and large commercial customer segments .
This involves government payloads , including military , civilian and scientific satellites , a market segment estimated at nearly $ 100 billion a year .
SpaceX is far from the only commercial space vehicle manufacturer — ARCASPACE , Bigelow Aerospace , Blue Origin , EADS Astrium , Reaction Engines Ltd. , Space Adventures , and XCOR , to name a few , are other private ventures to watch .
The fledgling space industry is reminiscent of the early days of the personal computer , when a number of established vendors and startups reversed - engineered Microsoft ’s DOS and manufactured PCs using the Intel 8080 chip set .
From Zenith to IBM to Compaq to HP and Dell , we ’re likely to see a similar industry shakeout in the private space vehicle market segment in the coming decades .
Back on terra firma , Musk ’s Silicon Valley electric vehicle ( EV ) startup — Tesla Motors — is currently the only automaker building and selling non-prototype highway - capable EVs in North America or Europe .
( The name Tesla , of course , comes from Nikola Tesla who invented a resonant transformer circuit around 1891 that produced alternating current electricity . )
A sleek Tesla sedan called the Model S is expected to come standard with a lithium - ion battery — the kind used in laptops and cell phones — and a 160 - mile battery life .
It ’s also rumored to have a 300 - mile extended battery upgrade option is lighter than lead and releases a lot more energy .
Tesla plans to have the Model S in production by 2011 :
Privately held Tesla has reportedly received more than $ 185 million in funding from Capricorn Management , Compass Technology Partners , Draper Fisher Jurvetson , JP Morgan , Valor Equity Partners , VantagePoint Venture Partners , Elon Musk Technology , and US Venture Partners .
An IPO may be in the offing in 2009 .
Tesla , along with Ford and Nissan , are scheduled to get new loans from the U.S. government to help them offset the costs of research and development for more energy - efficient vehicles .
The Obama administration has set a 2016 Corporate Average Fuel Economy ( CAFÉ ) legislation deadline to improve the fuel mileage of all new model vehicles to meet a minimum of 35.5 MPG and reduce emissions .
Comparisons of Tesla Motors with the early Ford Motor Company are perhaps not inappropriate .
Ford was launched in a converted factory in 1902 with $ 31,000 in cash from twelve investors , most notably John and Horace Dodge , who would later found the Dodge Brothers Motor Vehicle Company .
$ 31,000 adjusted for inflation is approximately $ 687.000 , a shoestring budget when compared with the $ 185 million reportedly available to Tesla .
If the drive , entrepreneurial spirit , and engineering management abilities of Elon Musk are anything like that of the early Henry Ford , his considerably larger start - up funding could bode well for Tesla .
Ford introduced the world ’s first moving assembly line in 1911 , which reduced chassis assembly time by a factor of 10 .
Eighteen thousand Model
Ts were initially built at the Piquette Road Manufacturing Plant , the first company - owned factory .
By the time the company moved to its Highland Park Plant in 1911 , it was producing over sixty - nine thousand of the increasingly popular “ Tin Lizzies . ”
The company had developed all of the basic techniques of the modern assembly line and mass production by 1913 .
Could Tesla ’s Model S become the Model T of electric cars ?
Motor
Trend suggests that this might be more than hyperbolic fantasy – given Musk ’s deep pockets and reliable engineering .
Last year , SpaceX , along with a rival in the private launch - vehicle business , Orbital Sciences , received a $ 3.5 billion NASA cargo resupply contract to provide payload deliveries to the International Space Station after the Shuttle fleet is grounding for good next year ( and before NASA ’s own Orion is operational ) .
SpaceX ’s share will be $ 1.6 billion for 12 launches of it Falcon 9 vehicle ( numbers which could easily increase ) .
Could Tesla ’s Model S become the Model T of electric cars ?
While we ’re likely to see significant demand for energy efficient electric cars as fossil fuel prices continue to rise –- particularly in urban areas –- there are major impediments to mass acceptance of EVs .
Potential plug - in vehicle consumers do not have an adequate place to charge their vehicles .
This problem is even more pronounced in places like San Francisco , where only about 16 % of cars are parked in garages overnight and the rest end up curbside or in parking lots .
Also , while the U.S. power grid probably has enough overall capacity to supply energy to a nation of plug - in vehicles , it may not have the ability to charge them all when they plug in and demand energy at the same time –- for example , 6 pm every weekday .
But these obstacles are not insurmountable given increased market demand for low - cost , high mileage green vehicles .
With Falcon rockets delivering payloads to space and Tesla ’s electric cars putting market pressure on established players like Ford , Nissan , Toyota , and Honda , Elon Musk ’s SpaceX and Tesla Motors are likely to become dominant players in 21st century transportation .
Mass walkout threatened as axed adviser David Nutt accuses Gordon Brown of being first prime minister to go against advice of his scientific panel
The government was at the centre of a furious backlash from leading scientists last night following its sacking of Britain 's top drugs adviser .
The decision by the home secretary , Alan Johnson , to call on Professor David Nutt to resign as chairman of the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs ( ACMD ) has thrown the future of the respected independent body into severe doubt .
There were claims last night that many of those who sit on the 31 - strong council – which advises ministers on what evidence there is of harm caused by drugs – may resign en masse , raising serious doubts about how ministers will justify policy decisions .
Several were this weekend seeking urgent reassurances from the government that it will not try to control their agenda and will allow them to speak out before they decide whether to quit .
One is said to have already resigned .
The government 's decision to dismiss Nutt came after he wrote a paper for the Centre for Crime and Justice Studies ( CCJS ) at King 's College London that questioned the " artificial " separation of alcohol and tobacco from illegal drugs .
Nutt told the Observer he had received hundreds of messages of support and had been contacted by several members of the council .
" I actually think it might be an untenable position , " Nutt said of the chairmanship .
" I can't believe that any independent - minded scientists would want to take it on .
People will think , if you can't speak your mind and be honest about what you think , why take on the job ?
It might be that the council becomes unviable . "
He said he had not approached members of the council – who include police officers and social services professionals as well as medical experts – but about a third had already contacted him .
" All the ones that have contacted me are considering their positions , " he said .
" There is uniform support , uniform horror at what happened .
We have been abused by government , misused by government . "
Nutt accused the former home secretary , Jacqui Smith , of " distorting and devaluing " scientific research .
He said Smith 's decision to reclassify cannabis meant she had fallen victim to a " skunk scare " , and in another dig at the government claimed that advocates of downgrading ecstasy from class A to class B had " won the intellectual argument " .
Speaking on BBC Radio 4 's
Today programme yesterday , Nutt was also fiercely critical of Gordon Brown 's role in shaping drugs policy .
" He is the first prime minister ... that has ever in the history of the Misuse of Drugs Act gone against the advice of its scientific panel , " he said .
Nutt has become increasingly frustrated at the government 's decision to ignore the evidence provided by the council .
Following decisions to reject its advice on cannabis and ecstasy , there have been questions about its purpose .
Richard Garside , director of the CCJS , said it was " important that the council is in a position to give honest and impartial advice without fear or favour " .
He added : " One has to ask the question : who would wish to chair the council at this point , given the quite blatant political interference it has to deal with ? "
Professor Colin Blakemore , professor of neuroscience at Oxford University and former chief executive of the Medical Research Council , said it was vital that government policy was based on evidence .
" Nobody rational could possibly want a government based on any other type of policy - making . "
His comments were echoed by a spokesperson for the Government Office for Science , part of Lord Mandelson 's Department for Business , Innovation and Skills , who said it was " vitally important that scientists are able to give objective and independent advice to ministers " .
Nutt has argued that all drugs , including alcohol and tobacco , should be ranked by a " harm " index , with alcohol coming fifth behind cocaine , heroin , barbiturates and methadone .
According to Nutt , tobacco should rank ninth , ahead of cannabis , LSD and ecstasy .
Lost in last week 's furore was Nutt 's comments about ketamine , which he suggested in evidence to the Commons home affairs select committee should be upgraded from a class C drug because of the harm it can do to users .
Nutt 's supporters say his comments were consistent with his argument that drugs policy should be evidence - based .
The home secretary asked Nutt to resign because he had " lost confidence " in his ability to give impartial advice .
Johnson also accused Nutt of going beyond his remit and of " lobbying for a change in government policy " .
" It is important that the government 's messages on drugs are clear and as an adviser you do nothing to undermine the public understanding of them , " Johnson told Nutt in his letter asking him to quit .
" As my lead adviser on drugs harm , I am afraid the manner in which you have acted runs contrary to your responsibilities , " Johnson added .
" I cannot have public confusion between scientific advice and policy , and have therefore lost confidence in your ability to advise me as chair of the ACMD . "
A former government chief scientific adviser , Sir David King , also said that Nutt had gone too far .
" I do feel that if David was critical of Jacqui Smith and her individual decision - making that 's stepping over the line , " King told the Today programme .
But he added : " I think the government has lacked courage in backing David 's committee 's advice . "
Keith Vaz , who chairs the home affairs select committee , described Nutt 's comments as " unwise " .
Vaz said : " As the country 's top adviser on the issue , he is implying to many young people that cannabis is not particularly dangerous . "
However , Vaz , one of Labour 's most influential MPs , also appeared to have concerns about the nature of Nutt 's sacking .
" It is important to have an honest and open debate about drugs , " Vaz said .
" There is a delicate balance to strike between showing leadership in this area and facilitating a scientific debate . "
Politicians from other parties expressed shock at the decision .
Phil Willis , Liberal Democrat chairman of the science and technology select committee , said he was seeking clarification from the Home Office .
" We are going back to what George Bush did when for eight years he put science back into the doldrums because his administration would not take advice except from trusted people , " Willis said .
" Is that what we want in the UK ? "
Evan Harris , another Liberal Democrat member of the science and technology select committee , said : " The political sacking of a distinguished scientist , who is the chair of an independent scientific advisory committee , for the ' crime ' of having different views than the secretary of state , is an enormous blow to the credibility of the government 's approach to scientific evidence . "
There has been speculation that Johnson might be forced to change his request to Nutt to quit if a sufficient number of council members came out in his support .
Last night a former home secretary , Charles Clarke , called for a major review of drugs policy and urged ministers not to " isolate themselves " from science .
Clarke said the work of the advisory council had always been " extremely valuable " when he was at the Home Office .
" In 2006 I came to the view that the whole classification system needed to be examined as it was out of time and gave the advisory council a mandate to investigate that and report back to me , " Clarke said .
" I still think that would be the right course of action . "
The science minister , Lord Drayson , who is in Japan on official business , announced on the social networking network Twitter in the early hours of yesterday that he had just heard about Nutt 's departure and " I am looking into it " , triggering speculation that he is privately concerned about the way relations with the scientific community might be affected .
A spokesman refused to elaborate on his views .
Drugs charities were also critical .
" The home secretary 's decision to force the resignation of the chair of an independent advisory body is an extremely serious and concerning development and raises serious questions about the means by which drug policy is informed and kept under review , " said Harry Shapiro , information director at DrugScope , the independent body that tracks the price of street drugs .
Fiona Fox , director of the Science Media Centre , called for independent scientific advisers " to be allowed to communicate their evidence and findings to the media and the public as far away from the political process as humanly possible . "
She hoped that lessons would be learned from Nutt 's forced resignation .
" Those in government who care about independent scientific advice – and there are many – now need to use this crisis as an opportunity to clarify the situation and provide assurances to scientists who are willing to share their expertise on contentious issues that they are free to speak their minds . "
The Cannabis debate
2004 David Blunkett downgrades cannabis to Class C on the recommendation of the independent Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs .
Chief constables support the decision , but Keith Hellawell , the drugs czar , resigns and police organisations later criticise it .
March 2005 Charles Clarke becomes home secretary and announces review of cannabis decision .
January 2006
The ACMD recommends that cannabis should remain as Class C , and reports that cannabis consumption has fallen since reclassification .
Clarke accepts the report , and begins an internal review of whether the 35 - year - old classification system should be overhauled to be based on better evidence of harm .
May 2006 John Reid becomes home secretary and drops review .
March 2007 Professor David Nutt , then a senior member of the ACMD , publishes research in the Lancet suggesting the classification scheme was flawed and not related to actual evidence of harm caused .
July 2007
New prime minister Gordon Brown announces third review of reclassification , claiming public concern over stronger varieties of skunk .
November 2007 Association of Chief Police Officers says it now believes cannabis should be upgraded .
May 2008 ACMD report confirms advice that cannabis remain in Class C , but home secretary Jacqui Smith overrules it for the first time in its history and moves drug to Class B. Council chair Sir Michael Rawlins says he is stepping down and Nutt succeeds him in October .
February 2009 Second ACMD report , recommending reclassification of Ecstasy , is overruled .
October 2009
Nutt is forced to resign by home secretary Alan Johnson after claiming that evidence on drug harm was being distorted and that the issue had been politicised .
Here are some excerpts from the reporting by libcom.org's on the ground citizen - journalist - activist " Taxikipali " .
( Please do n't be overly concerned about issues of " copyright " and " fair use " , both Taxikipali and Libcom are of an ideological position that totally supports the freest distribution of information . )
The description of events , the sudden torrent of popular radicalism , the sharing of social and political space by students and workers , by leftists of all shades , the militance across the broadest range of social , economic and political issues is strikingly reminiscent of France in May , 1968 :
The strikes come at a critical time for the greek economy which saw a second degrading in ten days in terms of its credit , this time by the Standard & Poor ’s group .
The second degrading came as international finance centres claimed the austerity measures announced by the belleagured government are not likely to produce adequate results .
Due to the media strike news about Thursdays developments remain scarce
The broadest sections of the working classes have joined the strike waves , from media personnel to garbage collectors , school teachers to doctors to dockworkers and cabbies :
Kindergarden and Primary school teachers have been on strike since the 16 /12 .
The teachers formed a demo outside the Ministry of Education demanding 1400E minimum wage , no hour - work schedules , and 2 years free and obligadory kindergarden education for all children .
The union has refused to engage on " tabula rasa " dialogue with the ministry .
The general union of teachers of all grades joined the strike on Thursday .
Taxi drivers have gone on strike in Athens after one of their colleagues was arrested for carrying two sans - papier immigrants .
The taxi drivers are demanding the abolition of the law that demands taxi drivers to ask for papers from immigrants that ride on their vehicles , and the immediate release of their colleague .
All hospital doctors across the country have gone on strike on Thursday and all intensive care units remain closed .
In Peiraeus , talks were concluded on Tuesday regarding the leasing of the Second Pier of Peiraeus to COSCO which was agreed on a bases of 69 million euros collective compensation to the workers , an amount that has created a storm of political accusations by the opposition .
Nevertheless the Mechanics Union of the Merchant Fleet has gone on a " warning strike " on Thursday demanding a minimum 1400E salary .
Geologists , designers and mechanics have also joined the strike demanding that " we do not pay their crisis "
In the mounting social chaos , the far right has also taken to the streets , but is being met with stiff popular resistance :
In Chania the immigrants social centre and a house of a comrade came under arson attack by neonazis who painted swastigas on the walls of the social centre .
There were no human injuries and minimal damage on both buildings .
The attack comes as an escalation of parastate violence in the Cretan city , after warnings ( or threats ) by the minister of public order that left and anarchist violence will result in extreme - right terror attacks .
A protest march has been called by greens , immigrant groups , anarchists , left wing parties , animal rights groups and the local teacher ’s union for Thursday night against parastate - fascist terror .
In Athens , an effort by the extreme - right parliamentary party LAOS to set up a racist local committee with the purpose to purge African immigrants from Amerikis Square was countered when triple the number of antiracists and antifascists responded to the call .
The MP of LAOS has to take refuge amidst heckling and the attempts to revamp the vigilante plans that have been degenerating in the nearby Agios Panteleimonas square since the end of the summer were temporarily at least contained .
UPDATE : H/T to conchita for directing my attention to this diary by gjohnsit from Monday , which fills in much of the economic background information .
OTTAWA ( Reuters ) - Shares of Catch the Wind Ltd CTWs .
V took flight this week , gaining as much as 14 percent as an analyst recommended investors buy the stock because the wind turbine equipment maker is poised for lofty growth .
With a current market capitalization of about C$ 110 million ( $ 102.8 million ) , tiny Catch the Wind is focused on a $ 1.4 billion wind turbine retrofit market , said Dundee Securities analyst Ian Tharp in a note out on Thursday .
The company has developed a fiber optic - based laser sensor that measures wind speed and direction at multiple points in front of a wind turbine ’s blades .
That data is then used to control turbine direction and positioning to capture more wind as it passes .
Spanish wind turbine manufacturer Gamesa GAM .MC said in September it will test the sensor at a U.S. commercial wind farm to determine if it wants to include the product on its turbines .
The sensor is also being tested by the U.S. National Renewable Energy Laboratory and Wind Energy Institute of Canada .
“ This company should be on investors ’ radar screen , ” said Tharp , who rates the stock a speculative buy .
“ The market size for accurate wind speed and direction measurement in the U.S. alone is anywhere in the range of $ 800 million to $ 1.9 billion annually . ”
Trading at C$ 1.85 on the TSX Venture Exchange on Friday , the stock could reach C$ 7 by 2013 , he estimated , based on a 5 percent to 10 percent share of the U.S. retrofit market alone .
Called the Vindicator , the sensor increases turbine efficiency , power production and lowers maintenance costs , but it also faces risks , Tharp wrote .
While performance benefits are proven and turbine manufacturers wait for the product to mature , competitors are certain to emerge .
Current equipment captures data behind turbine blades , repositioning the turbine at 10 minute intervals , the analyst wrote .
Readings are often inaccurate , resulting in less power production and more wear on turbine parts , he added .
Shares in the Manassas , Virginia - based company have gained about 85 percent year - to - date .
( $ 1= $ 1.07 Canadian )
A few days ago , Mike Riley posted a great review of the new " Python Essential Reference , 4th Edition " on Dr. Dobb 's CodeTalk .
In that review , he writes :
" While the author could have taken the easy path of regurgitating the online documentation , he has instead reworked the explanation for each class and function call in the Python core library with commendable clarity , frequently accompanying these detailed examinations with extremely useful and meaningful code examples .
The book is also very well designed and organized , making it a snap to find information within a matter of seconds . "
This is a reviewer who really gets what this book is about .
However , for every great review like this , I also encounter comments that simply dismiss the book out - of - hand saying it " offers nothing " over Python 's online documentation .
With all due respect to Python 's fine documentation , I beg to differ .
First and foremost , I 've always viewed the Python Essential Reference as a serious programming reference for myself ( yes , I always have a copy next to my desk and I use it regularly ) .
Although , I will admit that Python certainly has a lot of online documentation , it 's also missing a lot of essential details .
For example , I can't count the number of times I 've looked at the online documentation for something only to have to go out and do some kind of extended Google search to fill in a missing detail ( or worse , having to load the source code for some module and look through it ) .
Let 's look at an example .
Suppose you 're writing some networking code with the socket module and you want to use the recv( bufsize [ , flags ] ) method of a socket .
If you head off to the online documentation you will certainly find some information .
" Receive data from the socket .
The return value is a string representing the data received .
The maximum amount of data to be received at once is specified by bufsize .
See the Unix manual page recv( 2 ) for the meaning of the optional argument flags ; it defaults to zero . "
Yes , this is all very useful .
Especially that part about having to refer to a Unix man page .
I 'm sure the Windows programmers find that especially useful .
If you turn to the Essential Reference p. 483 , you 'll not only find a description , but you will also get a complete table showing you exactly what can be given for flags along with a brief description of each option .
This approach is found throughout the book -- with few exceptions are readers simply referred to other documentation .
As another example , I would challenge anyone to effectively use something like the setsockopt ( ) or getsockopt ( ) methods of a socket using nothing by Python 's online docs .
The other thing that I 've tried to do in the book is answer all sorts of questions about tricky interactions between different parts of Python .
Take , for example , this question : Can a separate execution thread safely close a generator / coroutine function by invoking the generator 's close ( ) method ?
Sure , that 's not the kind of question that comes up every day , but if you know a thing or two about generators and coroutines , you 'll know that they are often used in the context of concurrent programming , just like threads .
Not only that , threads and generators might be used together ( for example , using threads to carry out blocking operations ) .
Thus , it is reasonable to assume that programmers working with both threads and generators in the same program might start to wonder about their possible interaction .
I know I did .
If you try to find an answer to this question using the online documentation , you will be searching for some time and probably come up with nothing .
Although there is plenty of discussion about generators , the yield statement , and other matters , you really do n't find much about generators and threads mixed together .
Even PEP 342 , the official specification that introduced the generator close ( ) method says nothing on this matter .
Now , let 's look at the Essential Reference .
First , if you turn to the index and look up " Threads " , you will find about a half - page of subentries .
In fact , there is even an entry labeled " Threads : close ( ) method of generators , p. 104 . "
If you turn to p. 104 , you will find a sentence " if a program is currently iterating on a generator , you should not call close ( ) asynchronously on that generator from a separate thread of execution or from a signal handler . "
This is certainly not the only example , but there are a wide variety of similar questions that I try to address .
For example , can you use a decorator with a recursive function ? ( p. 113 ) .
Or what is the interaction between the __slots__ feature of a class and inheritance ? ( p. 133 ) .
Or , does the name mangling of private attributes ( e.g. , __foo ) in a class introduce a runtime performance penalty ?
( p. 128 ) .
All of these questions fall into a general category of issues related to the " side - effects " of using various Python features .
Although you can find some of this in the online docs , it is often scattered and incomplete .
I 've tried to fix that .
Finally , I 've really tried to make the Essential Reference a kind of programming " cookbook " of sorts .
Although its primary goal is to be a reference , I have also incorporated a wide variety of practical examples from the Python training courses that I run .
For instance , if you know about the Generators or Coroutines tutorials I presented at PyCON , you 'll find similar information .
I also include examples that explore tricky interactions and customization features of certain library modules .
For example , how do I customize an XML - RPC server to only accept connections from known IP addresses ? ( p. 494 ) .
Or how do I use the ssl module to implement a secure server ? ( p. 489 ) .
Many of these examples are related to things that I 've had to figure out once before , but can never quite remember on a day - to - day basis .
By putting them in the book , it helps me remember how to do a variety of tricky things .
So , that 's about it .
I hope people find the book to be useful .
If so , tell your friends .
If not , feel free to use it for propping up some uneven furniture .
Just do n't say that it 's the same as the online docs .
Labels : essential reference , python
Since the summer of 2008 , the U.S. Treasury and the Fed have initiated a welter of new spending , lending , and subsidizing programs ostensibly aimed at stemming the recession that began early in that year and deepened quickly in its last quarter and in the first quarter of 2009 .
Among the most notable of these programs have been attempts to prop up the real estate market and the residential construction industry , where the Fed ’s easy - money policies in the first half of the present decade induced lenders to make millions of mortgage loans to home buyers who would not have qualified for such loans if traditional underwriting standards had been applied .
During the housing bubble , however , with congressional backers goading Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , and other lenders , caution was thrown to the wind , and loans were extended to home buyers who had little more than a pulse as a qualification .
People who believed that real estate prices would never fall did not worry much about the great volume of dicy credit being extended to house buyers – for the moment everybody seemed to be getting rich effortlessly with little or no risk .
However , people who believed that real estate prices would never fall were fools , and when the Fed began to back away from its easy - money policy and interest rates began to rise , real estate prices began to fall , mortgage delinquencies and foreclosures began to rise , and before long the entire house of cards began to collapse : house prices dropped drastically , as did the pyramid of financial derivatives built atop the mountain of mortgage loans , and in quick succession some of the world ’s largest banks and other financial - services companies went belly up .
Some , including Fannie , Freddie , and AIG , were taken over by the government or the Fed ; hundreds of others were bailed out , at least for the time being .
A sensible person , surveying all of this wreakage and pondering how such a debacle might be avoided in the future , certainly would have concluded that the government should cease and desist from artificially spurring the real estate market by subverting traditional underwriting standards for mortgage loans .
Those standards include , for example , a substantial down payment , usually 20 percent , and well - documented sources of income sufficient to permit the buyer to service the loan , usually a steady job or substantial assets .
During the crisis since mid-2008 , however , the government has not done what a sensible person would have concluded it should do .
Indeed , it has done the opposite .
Rather than terminating the government policies that had encouraged the foolish behavior of real estate buyers , sellers , and lenders – foolishness that lay at the heart of the artificial boom that went bust during the past two years – the government has undertaken to continue and even to compound the selfsame policies that in large part caused our present economic troubles .
For example , Fannie and Freddie , now effectively government owned and operated firms , continue to extend loans as if promising borrowers were superabundant .
Moreover , the Federal Housing Administration , a government agency created in 1934 to insure conventional mortgage loans , has greatly expanded the volume of its business , and according to a recent report in the New York Times , the FHA “ is underwriting loans at quadruple the rate of three years ago even as its reserves to cover defaults are dwindling . ”
The Mortgage Bankers Association affirmed on November 19 that “ more than one in six F.H.A. borrowers was behind on payments . ”
The FHA has backed 37 percent of all residential mortage loans made in 2009 .
Reporter Patrice
Hill observes that “ these loans are exposing taxpayers to the same kinds of soaring default rates and losses that brought down Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac as well as destroyed many banks and the private market for mortgage loans . ”
The government is not resting content , however , with taking over the mortgage - loan business and making a multitude of rotten loans .
Hill reports :
The FHA ’s predominance was enhanced further this year when Congress lifted the ceiling to more than $ 729,000 for major urban areas and passed an $ 8,000 tax credit for first - time homebuyers that can be accelerated for borrowers to use as a down payment on FHA loans and avoid any cash commitment to their home purchases .
While these changes were intended to be temporary and expire by the end of the year , given the fragility of the housing and mortgage markets , Congress is considered likely to extend them this fall .
The significant expansion and liberalization of FHA ’s loan programs is enabling Americans to go back to many of the same bad credit practices that analysts say were at the root of the housing crisis , likely feeding further waves of default and foreclosure .
But this time it is the taxpayer — not the banks — who could end up holding the bag .
Whitney Tilson , manager of investment firm T2 Partners LLC and author of “ More Mortgage Meltdown : 6 Ways to Profit in These Bad Times , ” called “ cataclysmic ” the surging default rates of more than 30 percent on loans insured since 2006 by the FHA .
That is not far below the 40 percent rate of default and foreclosure on the notorious subprime loans that ignited the credit crisis .
“ The FHA ’s portfolio is exploding and the taxpayer is now on the hook for 100 percent of the losses , ” he said .
“ I find it hard to distinguish between the actions of FHA and the self - denominated subprime lenders , ” said Edward Pinto , a former chief credit officer at Fannie Mae who recently testified before a House panel on FHA ’s growing default problems .
“ The results are the same — unsustainable loans that prolong and perpetuate our nightmare of foreclosures . ”
Mr. Pinto estimates that 20 percent of the FHA ’s entire portfolio of $ 725 billion mortgages will end up in foreclosure — a rate recently borne out by estimates FHA provided to Congress .
He predicts that the agency will require a taxpayer bailout within two to three years .
One reason defaults are soaring is that the agency is attracting nearly all of the business of homebuyers who have n’t saved enough to make down payments , he said .
Loans with little or no down payments have high rates of default because the borrowers have little financial stake in losing their homes to foreclosure .
The agency requires a minimal 3.5 percent down payment — far below the 20 percent now required by private lenders .
That ’s very little “ skin in the game , ” especially in today ’s market where the buyer ’s equity can be quickly wiped out , Mr. Pinto said .
Home prices have fallen an average of 30 percent nationwide .
Many borrowers have been able to avoid even that minimal level of personal investment in their homes .
The government is enabling these buyers to put up no cash at all by allowing them to get advanced payments of the $ 8,000 homebuyers tax credit through arrangements with nonprofit housing groups and state housing agencies .
The tax credit can be used the same way to pay closing costs .
Beyond the loosened standards on down payments , the FHA remains willing to make loans to people with low credit ratings , even those with histories of default , foreclosure or bankruptcy .
Those with histories of default are far more likely to default again .
Naturally , anything this horrendous in housing - finance policy has a high probability of being backed by Representative Barney Frank and his congressional partners in crime , who continue to conspire with the ” affordable housing ” coalition as if the present debacle had not plainly revealed the destructive consequences of such policies .
At present , 14.4 percent of residential mortgages are delinquent or in foreclosure – an all - time high – and the percentage continues to rise , notwithstanding the government ’s commitment of some $ 50 billion in TARP funds for its Housing Affordability Stability Plan , which seeks to modify and refinance home loans .
In this area , as in the labor market , things will probably get much worse before they begin to get better .
To listen to our glorious leaders discuss such matters is to realize that they have no real understanding of what they are dealing with .
They see the collapse of an artificially stimulated house - construction industry , and they conclude : the government must subsidize more house construction .
They see the collapse of real estate prices , and they conclude : the government must stimulate demand for real estate in order to raise its price .
Thus , they demonstrate that they have no comprehension of the structural logic of economic activity .
By this expression I mean that , contrary to the way of thinking advocated and formalized in modern macroeconomics , in which an addition to GDP is an addition to GDP , and all such additions are equally apt and good , the sound economist understands that the nation ’s economic activity consists of millions of distinct inputs and outputs , and these elements must assume a particular configuration , or structure , if the whole process is to achieve generally beneficial results for its participants .
No one knows ( and no one can know ) precisely what this structure should be at any particular time , but if people are left alone to exchange their private property rights as they think best , they will make bids and offers that establish market prices for inputs and outputs , and these prices ( and the profits and losses associated with them ) will set in motion the reallocations of inputs and the alterations of outputs that allow demanders and suppliers to coordinate the changes in their actions that must be made if they are to pursue their objectives successfully .
If policy makers ignore or work against this vastly complex , dynamic process of constantly changing prices , input uses , and output production , the result will be a mass of malinvestments and distortions in input use and output production — a veritable economic monstrosity .
When this twisted creation proves incapable of living and breathing and breaks down in agonizing spasms of business losses , bankruptcies , and unemployed labor , the preeminent need is for a restructuring of the economic process : industries and locations mistakenly stimulated by bad policies must shrink ; and industries and locations previously starved for inputs must receive them , as investors and workers abandon the enterprises now revealed as losers and seek opportunities elsewhere for more profitable employment of their resources .
Cutting short this process of liquidation and redirection by implementing more of the same distortive policies that created the mess in the first place only insures that the restructuring will take longer and be more painful .
To be more specific about the case at hand , the government ’s bad monetary policy and bad housing - finance policies earlier in this decade created house prices that were too high and securities based on the returns to mortgage loans ( and their derivatives ) that were overvalued .
To repair this situation , house prices , security valuations , and corporate share prices driven skyward in the government - stimulated frenzy need to come down , in many cases down so far that bankruptcies , unemployment , and substantially reduced wages will occur in the process .
Simply piling on more and more of the same distortive policies that generated the crisis in the first place can , at best , only delay the day of reckoning while magnifying the adjustments that ultimately will have to occur .
For Fannie , Freddie , and the FHA to pile more bad real estate loans atop the mountain of such bad loans extended between 2002 and 2006 is the height of folly , a virtual apotheosis of a policy of living for today at the expense of our future prosperity .
To repeat unsolicited advice I have given since the beginning of this crisis , I maintain that the best thing the government can do now is to get out of the way : abandon the bad monetary and housing - finance policies conducted in recent years and let the economic process sort itself out through market processes .
The claim that without the government ’s vast interventions the economy will sink into oblivion is nothing but another fallacy that no sound economist will countenance .
This economy and others , when markets were allowed to function without government interference , worked splendidly for a long time before John Maynard Keynes ever achieved his ill - deserved status as the über - architect of macroeconomic salvation .
It can work well again if the politicians will stand down – and the people will recognize the wisdom of this laissez - faire course and cease their clamor for salvation via Washington at someone else ’s expense .
Federal Tax Payments Per State
Federal taxes that are paid per capita vary widely by state , much to the disappointment of some .
Per capita simply identifies the mean payment per a group of people .
In other words , the average payment that every taxpayer makes from a state is the per capita tax of that state .
New England pays the largest tax payments per capita , while other states , scattered elsewhere in the country , pay much less .
This gives the impression that these states ultimately take more than they give from the federal government
Appropriately enough , the location with highest federal tax payments per capita is Washington , D.C. , with $ 11,582 The second - highest federal tax payments is Connecticut , with $ 11,522 per capita , followed by New Jersey at $ 9,902 .
Number four , with $ 9,792 per capita is Massachusetts and the fifth ?
Maryland taxpayers pay $ 8,812 .
At the other end of the spectrum is Mississippi , with the lowest per capita at $ 4,281 … with a close second - from - bottom is Louisiana , at $ 4,565 , then West Virginia with $ 4,861 , Arkansas averaging $ 5,030 and New Mexico rounding out the lowest five at $ 5,153 per capita .
Federal Tax Allotments Per State
Do the highest tax allotments coincide with the highest taxes paid ?
The number one spot with the highest federal tax allotments per capita is Washington , D.C. , with $ 65,109 , matching the highest tax payments .
However , Alaska comes in second with $ 13,950 per capita allotted , followed by number three Virginia at $ 16,610 .
The state with the fourth - highest federal tax allotments per capita is Maryland with $ 11,956 , with New Mexico ( $ 10,733 per capita ) at fifth .
The state with the lowest federal tax allotments per capita is Nevada with $ 5,889 .
Utah is number two at $ 5,944 , Wisconsin third at $ 6,113 , followed by Oregon , $ 6,285 and Illinois , $ 6,334 .
Federal Tax Dollars Received Per Tax Dollars Paid Per State
Unlike dollars allotted , tax dollars received show where the money was actually spent .
New Jersey receives 61 cents for each tax dollar paid , Nevada 65 cents , Connecticut 69 , New Hampshire 7 cents , and Minnesota 72 .
Illinois receives 0.75 for each tax dollar they pays , followed by Delaware At 77 cents and California at 78 cents per dollar paid .
The states receiving the most are number five Alabama , which receives 1.66 per tax dollar paid , number four North Dakota with 1.68 , West Virginia at 1.76 , Louisiana , 1.78 , Alaska , 1.84 , Mississippi , 2.02 and New Mexico at 2.03 , over 100 % of every tax dollar paid .
Theodore Gray PACKED WITH POWER Relatively abundant yet obscure , thorium — found in minerals such as this crystal of thorite ( a thorium - uranium silicate ) — could fuel nuclear power reactors for generations .
Thorium Podcasts
This Week in Nuclear
The Atomic Show Topics Covered Videos Courtesy of YouTube Thorium Energy Future
Courtesy of YouTube Energy From Thorium : A Nuclear Waste Burning Liquid Salt Thorium Reactor
Courtesy of YouTube Aim High : Using Thorium Energy to Address Environmental Problems
Courtesy of YouTube The Liquid Fluoride Thorium Reactor : What Fusion Wanted To Be
Courtesy of YouTube Liquid Fluoride Reactors : A New Beginning for an Old Idea * Macromedia Flash Player 8 is required to view videos .
View Enlarged Image Salt Power
The fission of 233U nuclei in a molten - salt nuclear reactor core liberates heat , which is used to generate electricity , and neutrons , which convert 232Th in the blanket to additional 233U fuel .
Text Size A A
Do n't know much about thorium ?
Do n't worry .
You 're not alone .
Most people — including scientists — have hardly heard of the heavy - metal element and know little about it even though it was first identified almost two centuries ago .
Yet in just the past few weeks , a handful of people in a small number of countries have been beating the thorium drum loudly .
They 're convinced that the element , which sits near uranium in the periodic table , could serve as a nearly inexhaustible fuel for commercial nuclear reactors , providing low - cost , inherently safe , and nonpolluting power to an increasingly power - hungry planet .
And they 're trying to tell the world all about it .
Thorium 's potential as an energy source is n't some classified government secret to be divulged only on a need - to - know basis .
Far from it .
A simple Google search will turn up a number of useful links .
But although the information is n't hidden , details of thorium - fueled - reactor concepts are n't exactly common knowledge — not even to many seasoned nuclear power aficionados .
Michael H. Montgomery is one of the exceptions .
For most of the 45 years he 's worked in the nuclear industry , his focus — like nearly everyone else 's — has been almost exclusively on uranium .
That changed recently when he took a position as vice president of fuel technology with Mclean , Va. - based Lightbridge , one of the few U.S. companies working to develop thorium - derived nuclear power .
As Montgomery sees it , in the early days of the U.S. nuclear industry , thorium was regarded as falling somewhere between " a scientific curiosity and an avenue of interest . "
Decades ago , U.S. government labs studied the feasibility of converting 232Th into 233U by neutron bombardment and using that isotope of uranium in post - World War II nuclear projects , he says .
But as today 's thorium - power proponents point out , that idea never took hold primarily because thorium - fueled reactors do n't provide the opportunity to make and collect materials that can be used to build nuclear bombs .
It made no sense to Cold War -era policymakers to devote resources to developing thorium - based technology , given that plutonium , especially 239 Pu , an ideal and much - needed bomb material at that time , could be readily produced in nuclear reactors fueled by uranium ( which consists of roughly 99.3 % 238U ) .
So thorium never made it into mainstream nuclear technology and has never been commercialized even though it is more abundant , potentially less expensive to process , and boasts other key advantages relative to uranium .
Since those days , with the exception of a few pockets of advanced research in a small number of countries , including India , Russia , and Norway , element 90 has largely fallen off the radar screen .
But a few dedicated enthusiasts are working to put it back on .
A number of them recently formed the Thorium Energy Alliance .
The alliance is a small U.S. - based advocacy group made up of members with wide - ranging scientific and professional backgrounds who share an interest in energy security and environmental issues .
Almost none of the members has a direct financial stake in promoting thorium .
Yet they work energetically to help spread the word about thorium - fueled nuclear power to government leaders and the public .
Last month , the group convened its first conference , which drew about 50 people to Washington , D.C.
At the same time that the Washington conference was in session , the International Thorium Energy Organization , a brand - new European group with the same goals as the U.S. - based alliance , announced its existence by launching the IThEO.org website .
And just one month earlier , the Chinese Nuclear Society ran a thorium workshop in Baotou , Inner Mongolia .
A few minutes is all it takes for thorium supporters like Kirk F. Sorensen , who participated in the Washington meeting , to outline a couple of arguments that catch the attention of energy - conscientious listeners .
By day , Sorensen is an aerospace engineer at the National Aeronautics & Space Administration 's Marshall Space Flight Center , in Huntsville , Ala .
But he's also a nuclear engineering researcher affiliated with the University of Tennessee , Knoxville , and an ardent blogger at thoriumenergy .blogspot.com .
Thorium itself is not actually a nuclear fuel .
But it can be converted ( transmuted ) into one by exposing it to low - energy neutrons .
Neutron capture converts 232Th into 233U , a material that liberates enormous amounts of energy when it undergoes nuclear fission .
Sorensen explains that the same " shortcoming " that led government officials during the Cold War to decide against pursuing thorium - reactor technology — namely the inability to generate weapon materials — is clearly recognized as an advantage today .
At no point in the thorium cycle , from mining thorium minerals to preparing and " burning " reactor fuel to managing the waste , can fuel or waste products be converted into nuclear bomb materials .
Unlike uranium , thorium is nuclear - proliferation proof .
Nuclear proliferation is precisely the reason Iran and North Korea dominate today 's headlines and generate considerable international angst .
Iran claims it is enriching uranium — meaning increasing the concentration of 235U ( a fissile isotope ) relative to 238U — to low levels , sufficient only for peaceful purposes such as generating electricity in a nuclear power reactor .
Yet the world wonders whether Iran really aims to make highly enriched weapons - grade uranium .
North Korea makes no secret of its intentions .
The country proudly announced earlier this month that it has reprocessed 8,000 spent uranium fuel rods , thereby extracting the 239Pu formed in reactors from 238U .
North Korea is now believed to have enough plutonium to make a half - dozen nuclear weapons .
In addition to the nonproliferation argument , thorium advocates quickly rattle off a slew of other reasons to push forward with thorium - based power .
For example , the element is roughly four times more abundant than uranium and accessible via mining techniques that are simpler and less costly than the ones used to extract uranium .
According to James Hendrick , a recently retired U.S. Geological Survey scientist who spoke at the Washington meeting , estimates of U.S. reserves of the metal are on the order of 300,000 metric tons — about 20 % of the world 's supply — much of which is found in Idaho 's Lemhi Pass .
Not only is thorium more plentiful than uranium , it also does not need to undergo a costly and complex enrichment process to render it usable in a nuclear reactor .
Uranium needs to be enriched because the desirable fissile isotope 235U comprises just 0.7 % of the total material .
Thorium exists in nature almost entirely as 232Th .
Robert Hargraves HANDFUL OF ENERGY
A ball of thorium this size could provide one person with a lifetime supply of energy .
( Thorium is mildly radioactive ; this prop is stainless steel . )
Proponents also point out that although waste products from thorium usage are radioactive , radiotoxicity persists for just tens of years rather than thousands of years as uranium waste does .
They also stress that , unlike coal - and natural - gas - fired power plants , thorium - fueled power plants would not emit greenhouse gases such as CO 2 and could generate power almost continuously , unlike solar - and wind - driven systems .
Extracting thorium 's latent energy requires some type of nuclear reactor .
Descriptions of the reactor best suited to that job depend on who 's doing the describing .
One design idea that 's generating a big buzz in this little community calls for using thorium in a liquid state in an updated version of an experimental molten - salt reactor that ran for several years during the 1960s at Oak Ridge National Laboratory .
That reactor idea grew out of an uncompleted project to design a nuclear - powered military airplane .
In designs for the updated device , known as the liquid fluoride thorium reactor ( LFTR , pronounced " lifter " ) , a molten blanket of 232ThF 4 dissolved in a lithium - beryllium fluoride solvent surrounds a fluid core containing 233UF 4 in the same solvent .
As 233U nuclei fission , they generate heat that is transferred to a gas that drives a turbine to generate electricity .
At the same time , the uranium nuclei emit neutrons that convert 232Th in the blanket to 233U .
As uranium fuel accumulates in the blanket , it is gasified ( converted to UF 6 ) , separated , and fed into the core gradually and continuously as fresh thorium is injected into the blanket .
A key source of interest in LFTR is the design 's inherent safety features .
David LeBlanc , a staff physicist at Carleton University , in Ottawa , and a nuclear reactor specialist , points out several safety - related differences between LFTRs and today 's commercial reactors .
To begin with , LFTRs would operate at low pressure .
Furthermore , an increase in the temperature of LFTR fuel ( a molten salt ) would reduce the medium 's density and thereby lower its nuclear reactivity .
In addition , if the reactor leaked or was drained of its fuel , the molten salt would solidify .
In the event of reactor malfunction , those features would terminate nuclear reactions and prevent the spread of radioactive material without the need for plant - operator intervention .
Despite considerable enthusiasm for the LFTR concept among thorium advocates , several attendees at the Washington conference acknowledged that an enormous investment of time , effort , and money would be required before any new type of nuclear reactor could be licensed for commercial operation .
That 's one of the main reasons Lightbridge scientists are developing thorium - based fuels for today 's commercial reactors .
As Montgomery explains it , Lightbridge fuels feature a " seed and blanket " design , which appears identical to commercial fuel assemblies but has a unique composition .
Seed rods at the center of the assembly are made of a metallic uranium - zirconium matrix .
Blanket rods positioned along the periphery contain thorium - uranium oxide pellets .
As with the molten - salt design , uranium fission generates heat and converts 232Th to 233U , thereby creating more fuel .
Montgomery notes that Lightbridge is scheduled to insert three test fuel - rod assemblies into commercial light - water reactors in Russia in the 2012 – 13 time frame .
Meanwhile , India is developing its own thorium - fueled nuclear industry to exploit that country 's large reserves of thorium minerals .
India 's unique multistage approach is based on light - and heavy - water reactors and various combinations of uranium , plutonium , and thorium fuels .
In September , India 's prime minister , Manmohan Singh , articulated India 's commitment to boosting its nuclear energy output in the coming decades by a factor of more than 100 , largely by tapping thorium 's power .
Thorium proponents in the U.S. are trying to breed the same kind of commitment among their leaders .
At the meeting last month , conference organizer and alliance founder John H. Kutsch ran down a list of essential factoids for successfully spreading the word on thorium to members of Congress and handed out a brochure for that purpose .
He pressed for volunteers to write a Wikipedia entry on LFTRs , update nuclear engineering textbooks , and put up funds to support education on thorium .
And he and his fellow believers are not afraid to turn to out - of - the - box means to communicate the good word about thorium .
Rather than publishing papers in conventional journals , this group runs blogs , posts podcasts , and gives Google TechTalks , which are available on YouTube .
One attendee observed that " it 's possible to have a Ph.D. in nuclear reactor technology and not know about thorium energy . "
The thorium advocates are working to change that and to undo what Sorensen describes as the element 's status " as Earth 's forgotten treasure . "
Oasis of the Seas : Inside the world 's largest and most expensive ever cruise ship
It took six years and cost over 800 million pounds to build .
And now the Oasis of the Seas will finally be launched into the ocean with the maiden voyage set for December .
The ship was handed over to the Royal Caribbean cruiseline in the Finnish port of Turku by shipbuilder STX on Wednesday this week .
The Oasis of the Seas , the world 's largest cruise ship which cost over £ 810 million to construct , is shown during sea trials
It measures a staggering 16 decks high , or 65 metres ( 213 feet ) above the waterline , and measures 1,180 ft long and 154 ft wide and has the capacity to accommodate 6,360 passengers and 2,160 crew members .
Guests who spend time aboard the record breaking vessel can expect a whole new world of entertainment including an aquatic amphitheater - called the Aqua Theatre - which serves as a pool by day and a dazzling ocean front theatre by night and a rock climbing area .
Included in the ship 's vast expanse are seven themed ' neighbourhoods ' : Central Park , Boardwalk , the Royal Promenade , Pool and Sports Zone , Vitality at Sea Spa and Fitness Centre , Entertainment Place and Youth Zone .
Here both pictures show part of the interior of the huge ocean liner which boasts 21 swimming pools , an aqua park , a carousel , a rock climbing wall and a science lab amongst a mind - boggling list of attractions
Each of which includes extraordinary elements such as the first park at sea , a zip line that races diagonally nine - decks above an open - air atrium , an original handcrafted carousel and 28 multilevel urban - style loft suites boasting floor - to - ceiling windows .
Richard Fain , the chief executive of Royal Caribbean , told reporters the new ship had attracted strong pre-bookings despite the global financial crisis and said the aim was to lure new customers who have not cruised before .
There are however still spots left for the ship 's maiden voyage in December .
A computer - generated image gives an impression of how the AquaTheatre will look when it 's full of guests ( top ) while some of the many apartments found on the ship 's 16 decks are seen in the bottom image
' Part of the thought process of the ship is to overcome the old myths people have about cruising .
It 's very hard to look at a vessel like this and think that cruising is secondary when you can choose rock - climbing , surfing or zip - lining , ' Fain explained .
The Oasis of the Seas , which will be sailing mainly in the sunny Caribbean , catering to younger , more active passengers with children offering a wider selection of activities , including 21 swimming pools , an aqua park , a carousel and a science lab .
Hundreds of builders and cleaners were still putting the final touches on the ship on Wednesday , installing carpets and cleaning the surfaces of the ship , docked at the Turku shipyard some 100 miles northwest of Helsinki .
The world 's most expensive ocean cruiser Oasis of the Seas cruise is seen at a dockyard in Turku , Finland - it is the largest cruise ship ever built with the capacity to hold 6,360 passengers and 2,160 crew members
A view of the AquaTheatre as the ship is still being worked upon by teams of constructors while it is docked in Turku , Finland
Although the shipyard employees are still busy working on Oasis of the Seas and its sister ship Allure of the Seas , which is to be ready in autumn 2010 , Fain and Landtman admitted the global downturn had drained cruising companies ' willingness to order new vessels .
On Wednesday evening , some 1,000 VIP guests will be dining and partying on board the Oasis of the Seas , but details about the guest list have not been disclosed .
The vessel is scheduled to leave Finland on Friday when it will set sail for its home port of Fort Lauderdale in the United States , where it will arrive in about two weeks .
Oasis of the Seas will make its four - night maiden voyage from Fort Lauderdale to Labadee in Haiti on December 1 and there are still some places aboard the ship 's first voyage to be filled .
The Oasis of the Seas is set for its maiden voyage on December 1 when it will cruise from Fort Lauderdale to Labadee in Haiti over four nights
We gamers are n't too picky when it comes to choosing snacks to om nom nom on during frag sessions , but it 's obvious that favorites do exist .
Gamer Grub has been taking up more and more kitchen shelf space , as is the Warcraft - themed Mountain Dew .
However one thing that we do n't often munch too hard on is popcorn , as it makes for sticky fingers which leads to disgusting controllers .
But with the release of a new bacon - flavored popcorn , it might just be time to invest in a surplus of accessories .
The pork - tastic snack comes courtesy of J&D , a company that apparently thought it was a good idea to produce a treat that would stick to our hearts right in the middle of a stress - filled gaming session .
Sign us up !
It 'll run you $ 12 for a case of three bags , and probably another $ 500 in artery medication .
DELISH !
Pick it up direct at J&D's
Prime Minister : Reunite children with their families Prime Minister : Reunite
children with their families Prime Minister : Reunite children with their families
Current Home
Office rules mean that child refugees who are completely alone , are n't allowed to bring close family to join them in the UK .
Please ask the Prime Minister to change the rules and bring # Families Together .
1.1
This agreement governs your use of the websites operated by GlobalVision Communication sàrl ( sometimes referred to as " GlobalVision Communication " , or " GlobalVision " ) , and the related services ( collectively , the " Service " ) .
Additional terms and conditions of use applicable to specific areas of the Service may also be posted in such areas and , together with this agreement , govern your use of those areas .
This agreement , together with any such additional terms and conditions , are referred to as this " Agreement . "
1.2 GlobalVision reserves the right , in its discretion , to change or modify all or any part of this Agreement at any time , effective immediately upon notice published on the Service .
Your continued use of the Service constitutes your binding acceptance of these terms and conditions , including any changes or modifications made by GlobalVision as permitted above .
Please be sure to review this Agreement periodically to ensure familiarity with the most current version .
If at any time the terms and conditions of this Agreement are no longer acceptable to you , you should immediately cease all use of the Service .
1.3
By using the Service , you represent and warrant that all registration information you submit is truthful and accurate and you agree to the accuracy of such information .
The information that you compose upon registering for the services must describe you , an individual person , in all accuracy .
You may not register or order a service on behalf of someone else .
Please act responsibly ( we have no time to loose with spam ) .
You acknowledge that the Service contains information , virtual tours , photographs , audio and video clips , graphics , links and other material ( collectively , the " Content " ) that are protected by copyright , trademark or other proprietary rights of GlobalVision or third parties .
All Content on the Service is copyrighted as a collective work of GlobalVision Communication pursuant to applicable copyright law .
You agree to comply with any copyright notices , information , or restrictions contained in any Content available on or accessed through the Service .
Users of the Service may use the Content only for their personal , noncommercial use .
Be fair ;)
You may not modify , publish , transmit , reproduce , create derivative works from , distribute , perform , display , sell , transfer or in any way exploit any of the Content or Material , in whole or in part .
Content consisting of downloadable software may not be reverse engineered unless specifically authorized by the owner of the software 's patent and / or copyright .
You also agree not to circumvent , disable or otherwise interfere with any security related features of the Service or the Content , including features that prevent or restrict use or copying or that enforce limitations on use .
GlobalVision reserves the right to delete , move or edit any Content ( including Material posted in any interactive area of the Service ) that it may determine , in its sole discretion , violates this Agreement or is otherwise unacceptable .
However , GlobalVision does not and cannot review all of the Content posted by users on the Service and is not responsible for such Content .
You shall remain solely responsible for all Material .
Additionally , GlobalVision shall have the right , but not the obligation , to correct any errors or omissions in any Content , as it may determine in its sole discretion .
GlobalVision does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any Content posted on any interactive area and you acknowledge that any reliance upon such Content shall be at your sole risk .
Any Content placed on any interactive area by users represents the views of the user posting the statement , and does not represent the views of GlobalVision .
The Service may contain links to sites on the Internet which are owned and operated by third parties ( the " External Sites " ) .
You acknowledge GlobalVision is not responsible for the availability of , or the content located on or through , any External Site .
You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those External Sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such External Sites .
You agree to indemnify , defend and hold GlobalVision and its affiliates , and their respective officers , directors , owners , agents , information providers and licensors ( collectively , the " GlobalVision " ) harmless from and against any and all claims , liability , losses , damages , costs and expenses ( including attorneys ' fees ) incurred by GlobalVision in connection with any Material or with use or alleged use of the Service under your password by any person , whether or not authorized by you .
GlobalVision reserves the right , at its own expense , to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you , and in such case , you agree to cooperate with GlobalVision 's defense of such claim .
GlobalVision reserves the right , in its sole discretion , to restrict , suspend or terminate access to all or any part of the Service , including the discussion areas , at any time for any reason without prior notice or liability .
Conversely , you may terminate your use of the Service at any time , for any reason , by quitting the website .
The terms of this Agreement shall survive any termination of your membership .
Ignorance and apathy covers America like a foul plague .
This trend of general unintelligence and cluelessness when it comes to politics is growing , and growing fast .
Therefore , it is imperative that we recognize the root of this problem and deal with it , before it gets too late .
Unfortunately , we are rapidly approaching the point of no return .
Today in America , more people know batting average statistics than can name who the Secretary of State is ; a truly terrifying fact .
When did ths all start ?
It 's really anyone 's guess , but I 'd say that it started in the late 1980s , when the original MTV generation was forming .
When America 's youth started caring more about watching television and playing baseball than they did about anything else was when America 's descent into Hell began .
While many would argue that the youth of America have always been ignorant , it is much worse now than it was in the past .
Today 's culture of instant gratification with things like the Internet have only accelerated this trend .
Another interesting and horrifying factor is that the ignorance of youth has now extended to all different age groups .
Nowadays , some Baby Boomers are just as unintelligent and apathetic as some college frat boys .
You'd think that years of life experience would teach people what is important in life ,
but many people just do n't care about politics and what goes on in Washington , regardless of their age .
The root of this problem is corruption in Washington .
If people do n't think that their votes really count and that fraud goes on , people feel as though they should n't waste their time with elections and politicians .
While there may be serious problems with corruption in Washington , giving up certainly wo n't fix anything .
If anything , that would embolden them and further build up their false sense of invincibility .
If the people become energized and actually get involved in the political affairs of the nation , they can regain the power they seem to have lost .
Becoming apathetic is not the answer to problems .
Becoming increasingly vigilant and even more interested is the way to solve the problems we face today .
America 's problems are n't going to go away if we simply sit on our recliners and watch baseball all day .
That 's a surefire way to destroy the nation , and many people are helping to do just that with their disgustingly apathetic behavior .
They think that they are punishing the politicians by ignoring them .
If anything , apathetic citizens are only hurting themselves by not being involved in the political process .
After all , their liberty is at stake , not the liberty of the corrupt politicians ; they could care less about our liberty .
That is exactly why we need to educate ourselves and get involved in the world around us .
Tuning out the world and ignoring politics is a good way to usher in a totalitarian state in America , because if we are not vigilant of the excesses of government , they will continue to break the law and violate the Constitution , and their crimes will only grow bolder .
Fixing this problem will be a monumental task ; whether or not it can even be fixed at this point is unknown .
But , for sure , we need to start with the youth .
The older individuals who are steeped in their ignorance and apathy will not be easily changed .
However , if we can get kids involved and interested in the political process , we may have a shot at saving our country and restoring the Republic .
The twin evils of ignorance and apathy are the archenemies of Liberty .
People must remember that tyranny is only aided and abetted by people who are apathetic about politics and the world around them .
If you stick your head in the sand , the totalitarians among us will slowly but surely rise to power , and when you finally do wake up , it 'll be too late to do anything .
So wake up today , America , for tomorrow may be too late .
The Republic is hanging in the balance now .
Whether or not it survives is up to us .
Will we make the right decisions from now on ?
No one knows , but the future looks grim .
May God save us and may He bless America !
Note :
This is my foreword to Mike Gunderloy ’s awesome new book , Coder to Developer .
The book is now available from SYBEX .
You know what drives me crazy ?
“ Everything ? ” you ask .
Well , OK , some of you know me a bit too well by now .
But seriously , folks , what drives me crazy is that most software developers do n’t realize just how little they know about software development .
Take , for example , me .
When I was a teenager , as soon as I finished reading Peter Norton ’s famous guide to programming the IBM - PC in Assembler , I was convinced that I knew everything there was to know about software development in general .
Heck , I was ready to start a software company to make a word processor , you see , and it was going to be really good .
My imaginary software company was going to have coffee breaks with free donuts every hour .
A lot of my daydreams in those days involved donuts .
When I got out of the army , I headed off to college and got a degree in Computer Science .
Now I really knew everything .
I knew more than everything , because I had learned a bunch of computer - scientific junk about linear algebra and NP completeness and frigging lambda calculus which was obviously useless , so I thought they must have run out of useful things to teach us and were scraping the bottom of the barrel .
Nope .
At my first job I noticed how many things there are that many Computer Science departments are too snooty to actually teach you .
Things like software teamwork .
Practical advice about user interface design .
Professional tools like source code control , bug tracking databases , debuggers and profilers .
Business things .
Computer Science departments in the most prestigious institutions just wo n’t teach you this stuff because they consider it “ vocational , ” not academic ; the kind of thing that high school dropouts learn at the local technical institute so they can have a career as an auto mechanic , or an air - conditioner repairman , or a ( holding nose between thumb and forefinger ) “ software developer . ”
I can sort of understand that attitude .
After all , many prestigious undergraduate institutions see their goal as preparing you for life , not teaching you a career , least of all a career in a field that changes so rapidly any technologies you learn now will be obsolete in a decade .
Over the next decade I proceeded to learn an incredible amount about software development and all the things it takes to produce software .
I worked at Microsoft on the Excel team , at Viacom on the web team , and at Juno on their email client .
And , you know what ?
At every point in the learning cycle , I was completely convinced that I knew everything there was to know about software development .
“ Maybe you ’re just an arrogant sod ? ” you ask , possibly using an even spicier word than “ sod . ”
I beg your pardon : this is my foreword ; if you want to be rude write your own damn foreword , tear mine out of the book , and put yours in instead .
There ’s something weird about software development , some mystical quality , that makes all kinds of people think they know how to do it .
I ’ve worked at dotcom - type companies full of liberal arts majors with no software experience or training who nevertheless were convinced that they knew how to manage software teams and design user interfaces .
This is weird , because nobody thinks they know how to remove a burst appendix , or rebuild a car engine , unless they actually know how to do it , but for some reason there are all these people floating around who think they know everything there is to know about software development .
Anyway , the responsibility is going to fall on your shoulders .
You ’re probably going to have to learn how to do software development on your own .
If you ’re really lucky , you ’ve had some experience working directly with top notch software developers who can teach you this stuff , but most people do n’t have that opportunity .
So I ’m glad to see that Mike Gunderloy has taken upon himself to write the book you hold in your hands .
Here you will find a well - written and enjoyable introduction to many of the most important things that you ’re going to need to know as you move from being a person who can write code to being a person who can develop software .
Do those sound like the same thing ?
They ’re not .
That ’s roughly the equivalent of going from being a six year old who can crayon some simple words , backwards N’s and all , to being a successful novelist who writes books that receive rave reviews and sell millions of copies .
Being a software developer means you can take a concept , build a team , set up state of the art development processes , design a software product , the right software product , and produce it .
Not just any software product : a high quality software product that solves a problem and delights your users .
With documentation .
A web page .
A setup program .
Test cases .
Norwegian versions .
Bokmål and Nynorsk .
Appetizers , dessert , and twenty seven eight - by - ten color glossy photographs with circles and arrows and a paragraph on the back of each one explaining what each one was .
( Apologies to Arlo Guthrie . )
And then , one day , finally , perhaps when it ’s too late , you ’ll wake up and say , “ Hmm .
Maybe I really do n’t know what it really takes to develop software . ”
And on that day only , and not one minute before , but on that day and from that day forward , you will have earned the right to call yourself a software developer .
In the meantime , all is not lost : you still have my blessing if you want to eat donuts every hour .
