In itself , President Obama ’s decision to impose a six - month pause on offshore oil leasing , announced Thursday , is unlikely to have any great impact on US oil supplies or prices in the short run .
But within the oil industry , there is some concern that this offshore drilling moratorium could be the beginning of a new oil regime , with significantly tougher regulations to follow , as Mr. Obama promised .
US companies still see the Gulf of Mexico as their backyard with a stable , relatively predictable political and regulatory regime .
But if new strictures on the oil industry are seen as being too reactionary , the move could in the long run drive companies to less tightly regulated places like Angola in their search for the next big discoveries .
That could mean a loss of jobs in Gulf states and possibly weaken US energy security .
IN PICTURES : Louisiana oil spill
" This could be a speed bump , or it could be the beginning of a transition toward long - term decline in US oil production , " says David Pumphrey , an energy analyst at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington .
" It could put us in the position of importing more oil and possibly facing slightly higher oil prices in future because less non-OPEC oil is moving into the marketplace . "
Obama ’s announcement Thursday marks a reversal of significant chunks of the offshore exploration plan he forwarded in March .
On Thursday , he said he would :
Suspend planned exploration of two locations off Alaska 's northern coast .
Cancel August lease sales in the western Gulf as well as a proposed lease sale 50 miles off the coast of Virginia .
Continue for six months an existing moratorium on any new permits to drill new deepwater wells in the Gulf and other areas of the outer continental shelf .
Suspend action at 33 deepwater exploratory wells being drilled in the Gulf until investigations are complete on the causes of the Gulf spill .
The president said to reporters that he had erred in one major respect when he planned for more offshore oil exploration in March : " Where I was wrong was in my belief that the oil companies had their act together when it came to [ handling ] worst - case scenarios . "
Calling oil industry connections with federal regulators at the Minerals Management Service " cozy and sometimes corrupt , " Obama said he plans to unveil " aggressive new operating standards and requirements " for the offshore oil industry .
The new rules are expected to be influenced by the recommendations of a presidential commission on offshore drilling regulation co-chaired by Democrat Bob Graham , former US senator and governor of Florida , and by Republican William Reilly , co-chair of the National Commission on Energy Policy and administrator of the US Environmental Protection Agency under former president George H. W. Bush .
On Wall Street , the announcement brought into question whether the valuable deepwater oil and gas leases would remain valuable .
" All these companies ' share prices have taken a hit because many have very valuable leases in the Gulf , and the long - term fate of these leases – and whether they will ever drill in them – is now up in the air , " says Amy Myers Jaffe , a research fellow at Rice University 's Baker Institute .
" What the president 's announcement has accentuated for the industry in a very concrete way , is that the industry is only as safe as the practice standards of the weakest link . "
It 's not yet clear how the president 's moves will impact energy legislation stalled in the US Senate .
Sen. John Kerry ( D ) of Massachusetts portrayed the accident as yet another reason why Congress needs to endorse climate - energy legislation he supports .
But he also has said that the bill may be dead for this legislative season .
That bill would have expanded offshore drilling – a key bargaining chip to win Republican votes .
Environmentalists were enthused by the president 's announcements , but cautious about the long term , calling for more study before drilling in the Arctic Ocean .
“ No new oil leasing , exploration , or production should take place until the president ’s independent commission completes its process and reforms are implemented , ” Marilyn Heiman , director of the Pew Environment Group ’s US Arctic Program said in a statement .
To Ms. Jaffe of Rice University , the major issue is that the industry must develop new technology for dealing with deepwater blowouts – otherwise the future there could be limited .
" It 's all well and good to say the focus is prevention , which is where the industry has been , " she notes .
" But there 's human error , too – and the consequences simply cannot be that you damage an entire coastline of a state . "
[ Editor 's note : President Obama 's quotes have been updated to reflect the official transcript of his remarks Thursday . ]
IN PICTURES : Louisiana oil spill
Related :
Two Pennsylvania
laws this week .
These proposals follow Gov. Jan Brewer 's decision to enact a stringent law on
in Arizona .
Arizona's
immigrants to carry alien registration documents at all times and orders police to question people if there 's reason to suspect they are in this country illegally .
The bill has also reignited the immigration debate everywhere .
Upon hearing an Arizona - style proposal from Rep. Daryl Metcalfe , R - Butler , terpfan said :
How do you feel about Arizona 's bill ?
Do you think immigration should be handled state by state ?
React in the comments section .
Image caption Oil platforms were towed to the Falklands in February
One of the oil and gas companies currently drilling off the coast of the Falkland Islands says it may have struck oil .
Rockhopper Exploration said that initial data collected from one well " indicated an oil discovery " .
The find would be the first in North Falkland Basin , the area north of the islands currently being explored .
Earlier this year , another exploration company , Desire Petroleum , said its drilling programme had disappointed .
It is currently drilling further wells after it decided to abandon its first oil well .
UK - based Rockhopper said further tests now needed to be carried out on the well .
" We are extremely excited by the results of this well , " said Samuel Moody , managing director of Rockhopper .
Shares up
" Current indications are that we have made the first oil discovery in the North Falkland Basin .
We will now focus on analysing in more detail the data gathered from the well . "
Shares in Rockhopper more than doubled following the announcement .
Shares in Desire Petroleum were also up 70 % .
Two other Falkland oil explorers , Falkland Oil & Gas and Borders & Southern , also saw their share prices rise .
The current exploration of the waters around the Falklands has proved controversial , as Argentina still claims sovereignty over the islands and the surrounding waters .
When the exploration plans were first announced , UK Defence Minister Bill Rammell said the government had a " legitimate right " to build an oil industry in its waters .
Finding God In The Brain Have scientists discovered why some have a " talent " for religion ?
Feb. 10 , 2010  --
Medically speaking , it was just brain surgery .
But for some patients , it was a spiritual reawakening .
Researchers report in a new study today that they have found regions of the brain that seem to impact a person 's level of spirituality .
The researchers worked with 88 patients with tumors in various locations in the brain and found that those with damage in the parietal region -- located in the top rear region of the brain -- could be seen to have a change in their attitude toward spirituality , something that tends to be relatively constant in a person .
" This finding highlights the key role of parietal cortices in spirituality and suggests that changes of neural activity in specific areas may modify even inherently stable dispositional traits , " explained Cosimo Urgesi , one of the study 's lead researchers and an assistant professor in psychobiology and physiological psychology at the University of Udine in Italy .
The specific scale researchers used to determine spirituality is known as self - transcendence , a measure used to determine spirituality that appears to remain stable in a person over time .
The tumors researchers based on their findings on were gliomas , the same type of brain tumor with which doctors diagnosed the late Sen.
Edward Kennedy , that affects the brain tissue itself .
Meningiomas , another type of brain tumor that does not affect tissue , did not have an impact on people in the study when removed , Urgesi said .
After the removal of gliomas from the rear of the brain , those patients showed a significant elevation in their level of self - transcendence .
The findings appear in the newest issue of the journal Neuron .
" You remove brain tissue and you get an enhancement of something , " said Patrick McNamara , director of the Evolutionary Neurobehavior Laboratory at the Boston University School of Medicine .
He explained that the implication of this " paradoxical " finding is that the front and rear areas of the brain work in sync to regulate the level of spirituality of the brain .
With the rear tissue damaged , the front controls more of the brain , raising the spirituality level .
Finding God In The Details
Overall , McNamara said , the study presents intriguing results with a strong scientific basis .
The one thing he would have liked to have seen more , he said , was an evaluation of peoples ' moods to see the impact of their changes in spirituality .
" We do n't know to what extent changes in their spiritual experiences were related to changes in mood , " he said .
While agreeing that the study presents an important line of inquiry , Dr. Harold Koenig , co-director of the Center for Spirituality , Theology and Health at Duke University , cautioned that the findings of the study should not be drawn too broadly .
" Yes , there are probably areas of the brain that enable us to have spiritual experiences , because the brain controls all of our experiences , so there 's obviously got to be a part that experiences spiritual experiences , " said Koenig .
His caution , he said , stems from the use of self - transcendence , which measures things that are not directly related to religion and does not measure other parts that are .
" Religion involves a lot more than just spiritual experiences , " he said , listing commitments , community , and beliefs about conduct and behavior among areas not covered b the scale .
Self - transcendence , Koenig explained , can also often encompass things like belief in ESP and the paranormal , which would not necessarily be considered a part of religion .
" There are neurological areas of the brain that enable us to have spiritual experiences , but it 's very different than the religious involvement and practice and beliefs , per se , which are not always based on experiences , " said Koenig .
" There 's only so much that we can conclude from a study like this .
This is interesting research that provides some clues for future avenues to pursue , but it is only one study . "
A Mind Problem
McNamara said that while spirituality may be an important component in religion , this study also indicates an important physical component .
" If there 's a God , then he communicates with us via our minds , via our brains , via our bodies , " he said .
" The brain matters , your body matters . "
While some religions over time have dismissed the importance of the physical world , " All the orthodox religions say ' No , the body really matters . '
These sorts of results confirm that , " he said .
The significance of the frontal lobe displayed by this study , he said , also points to a " talent " some might have for religion , akin to the ability some people have with language or mathematics that gives them superior ability in the area .
" It tells us about why certain people find it easier to be spiritually religious , " he explained .
" Down through the centuries , we have seen that there are some spiritual geniuses . "
McNamara listed as examples Mahatma Gandhi and Martin Luther King Jr. , along with Jesus , Mohammed and Moses .
" These people had special talents , there 's no question about it . "
BLOOMINGTON , Ind . --
To make large sheets of carbon available for light collection , Indiana University Bloomington chemists have devised an unusual solution -- attach what amounts to a 3 - D bramble patch to each side of the carbon sheet .
Using that method , the scientists say they were able to dissolve sheets containing as many as 168 carbon atoms , a first .
The scientists ' report , online today ( April 9 ) , will appear in a future issue of Nano Letters , an American Chemical Society journal .
" Our interest stems from wanting to find an alternative , readily available material that can efficiently absorb sunlight , " said chemist Liang - shi Li , who led the research .
" At the moment the most common materials for absorbing light in solar cells are silicon and compounds containing ruthenium .
Each has disadvantages . "
Their main disadvantage is cost and long - term availability .
Ruthenium - based solar cells can potentially be cheaper than silicon - based ones , but ruthenium is a rare metal on Earth , as rare as platinum , and will run out quickly when the demand increases .
Carbon is cheap and abundant , and in the form of graphene , capable of absorbing a wide range of light frequencies .
Graphene is essentially the same stuff as graphite ( pencil lead ) , except graphene is a single sheet of carbon , one atom thick .
Graphene shows promise as an effective , cheap - to - produce , and less toxic alternative to other materials currently used in solar cells .
But it has also vexed scientists .
For a sheet of graphene to be of any use in collecting photons of light , the sheet must be big .
To use the absorbed solar energy for electricity , however , the sheet can't be too big .
Unfortunately , scientists find large sheets of graphene difficult to work with , and their sizes even harder to control .
The bigger the graphene sheet , the stickier it is , making it more likely to attract and glom onto other graphene sheets .
Multiple layers of graphene may be good for taking notes , but they also prevent electricity .
Chemists and engineers experimenting with graphene have come up with a whole host of strategies for keeping single graphene sheets separate .
The most effective solution prior to the Nano Letters paper has been breaking up graphite ( top - down ) into sheets and wrap polymers around them to make them isolated from one another .
But this makes graphene sheets with random sizes that are too large for light absorption for solar cells .
Li and his collaborators tried a different idea .
By attaching a semi-rigid , semi- flexible , three - dimensional sidegroup to the sides of the graphene , they were able to keep graphene sheets as big as 168 carbon atoms from adhering to one another .
With this method , they could make the graphene sheets from smaller molecules ( bottom - up ) so that they are uniform in size .
To the scientists ' knowledge , it is the biggest stable graphene sheet ever made with the bottom - up approach .
The sidegroup consists of a hexagonal carbon ring and three long , barbed tails made of carbon and hydrogen .
Because the graphene sheet is rigid , the sidegroup ring is forced to rotate about 90 degrees relative to the plane of the graphene .
The three brambly tails are free to whip about , but two of them will tend to enclose the graphene sheet to which they are attached .
The tails do n't merely act as a cage , however .
They also serve as a handle for the organic solvent so that the entire structure can be dissolved .
Li and his colleagues were able to dissolve 30 mg of the species per 30 mL of solvent .
" In this paper , we found a new way to make graphene soluble , " Li said .
" This is just as important as the relatively large size of the graphene itself . "
To test the effectiveness of their graphene light acceptor , the scientists constructed rudimentary solar cells using titanium dioxide as an electron acceptor .
The scientists were able to achieve a 200 - microampere - per - square - cm current density and an open - circuit voltage of 0.48 volts .
The graphene sheets absorbed a significant amount of light in the visible to near - infrared range ( 200 to 900 nm or so ) with peak absorption occurring at 591 nm .
The scientists are in the process of redesigning the graphene sheets with sticky ends that bind to titanium dioxide , which will improve the efficiency of the solar cells .
" Harvesting energy from the sun is a prerequisite step , " Li said .
" How to turn the energy into electricity is the next .
We think we have a good start . "
###
PhD students Xin Yan and Xiao Cui and postdoctoral fellow Binsong Li also contributed to this research .
It was funded by grants from the National Science Foundation and the American Chemical Society Petroleum Research Fund .
To speak with Liang - shi Li , please contact David Bricker , University Communciations , at 812-856-9035 or brickerd@indiana.edu .
" Large , Solution - Processable Graphene Quantum Dots as Light Absorbers for Photovoltaics , " Nano Letters ( Articles ASAP )
People often say that we are all gods children .
After that , someone will probably say something like : ” What was that god thinking about while creating any of those shown below ? ”
Well , maybe even he had to take a rest from time to time and leave the course of nature on its own .
But maybe they are his children , his truly children that have stepped out of heaven and came to earth to suffer for us , to suffer to make us smile , to suffer so that our children could go to circus , watch them and laugh at them .
Schlitze Surtees , Schlitzie
Schlitzie , possibly born Simon Metz , and legally Schlitze Surtees , was a American sideshow performer and occasional actor , best known for his role in the 1932 .
movie Freaksand his life - long career on the outdoor entertainment circuit as a major sideshow attraction with Barnum and Bailey , among others .
Schlitzie ’s true birth date , name and location is unknown ; it is commonly accepted , at least by what was inscribed on his death certificate , that he was born on September 10 , 1901 in New York , though 1892 has also been considered as a possibility .
Schlitzie was born with microcephaly , a neuro developmental disorder that left him with an unusually small brain and skull , a small stature ( he stood about four feet tall ( 122 cm ) ) , myopia and moderate to severe mental retardation .
It was said Schlitzie had the cognizance of a three year - old : he was unable to fully care for himself and he could only speak in monosyllabic words and form a few simple phrases .
However , he was still able to perform simple tasks and it is believed that he could understand most of what was said to him , as he had a very quick reaction time and the ability to mimic .
Those who knew Schlitzie described him as an affectionate , exuberant , sociable person who loved dancing , singing and being the center of attention , performing for anyone he could stop and talk to .
On the sideshow circuit , microcephalics were usually promoted as “ pinheads ” or “ missing links ” , and Schlitzie was billed under such titles as “ The Last of the Aztecs ” , “ The Monkey Girl ” or simply ” What Is It ? ” , or was paired up with other microcephalics .
One notable example of the latter was Schlitzie ’s possible pairing with a microcephalic woman named Athelia , exhibited together as “ Aurora and Natalia , the Aztec sisters ” .
This has led to claims that Aurora actually was Schlitzie ’s sister , but these claims are unsubstantiated .
Schlitzie was often presented as a female or left androgynous to add to the mystique of his odd appearance .
Those who knew him alternately referred to him as “ he ” and “ she ” .
The sideshow circuit was a tremendous success for Schlitzie , and throughout the 1920s and 1930s , he was employed by many upscale circuses .
In 1928 , Schlitzie made his film debut in the The Sideshow , a drama that took place at a circus , featuring a variety of actual sideshow performers including himself .
In 1932 , Schlitzie landed his most known role as an actor in Tod Browning ’s iconic horror film Freaks .
The appearance of Freaks ’ cast proved extremely controversial on its original release , and the film was ultimately a financial failure .
Additionally , it was banned for thirty years in the United Kingdom and Browning struggled to find work following its release , his last with a major studio .
In 1935 , while Schlitzie was performing with the Tom Mix Circus , George Surtees , a chimpanzee trainer also appearing at the show with a trained chimp act , adopted him , becoming Schlitzie ’s legal guardian .
In 1941 , Schlitzie appeared in his final film role as “ Princess Betsy ” .
Under the care of Surtees , Schlitzie continued performing the sideshow circuit until Surtees ’ death in the early 1960s , after which Surtees ’ daughter , who was not in show business , committed Schlitzie to a Los Angeles county hospital .
Schlitzie remained hospitalized for some time until he was recognized by sword swallower Bill Unks , who happened to be working at the hospital during the off - season .
According to Unks , Schlitzie seemed to miss the carnival dearly , and being away from the public eye had made him very sad and depressed .
Hospital authorities determined that the best care for Schlitzie would be to make him a ward of Unks ’ employer , showman Sam Kortes , and return him to the sideshow .
On September 24 , 1971 , at the age of 70 , Schlitzie died from bronchial pneumonia at Fountain View Convalescent Home .
His death certificate listed his official name as “ Shlitze Surtees ” and his birth date as 1901 .
Schlitzie ’s grave remained unmarked until August 2008 , when members of the website www.findadeath.com raised almost $ 400 to purchase him a proper headstone , which displays his name as “ Schlitze Surtees ” and his birth date as September 10 , 1901 .
Jack Earle , ” The Texas Giant ”
Jacob Rheuben Ehrlich was born in Denver in 1906 to German Jewish immigrants and raised in El Paso , Texas .
Average - sized as a boy , Jacob fell from a truck at the age of 14 and suffered a head injury , which doctors believed aggravated a tumor on his pituitary gland .
He went blind for four months following the injury and then began growing uncontrollably , ultimately reaching 7 ’ 4 ″ ( though he claimed to be 8 ’ 6 ″ ) .
Determined to live a normal life despite his size , however , Jacob graduated from the University of Texas at El Paso ( UTEP ) , the tallest person ever to graduate from any University of Texas school .
After he graduated from college , Jacob , using the name Jack ( or Jake ) Earle , made his first stage appearance in 1924 , when he wrote and starred in a version of Jack and the Beanstalk .
He also portrayed the father in a stage adaptation of Hansel and Gretl .
When the Ringling Bros. , Barnum & Bailey Circus came to El Paso , some of Earle ’s friends challenged him to go see just how tall their giant was .
Earle , not surprisingly , was taller , and was hired on the spot .
In the circus , one of his jobs was training the show ’s pygmy African elephants Buli and Nuba .
He sold thousands of his “ lucky ” giant ’s rings for a quarter apiece ; for years after he left the circus , when he met someone who still carried one of the rings , he would offer to buy it back if it had n’t brought the person good luck .
Earle went on a tour of Australia in 1940 with Ringling Bros .
When he returned , he found that he had grown disenchanted with the life of a circus freak , and was quite fed up with being asked , “ How ’s the weather up there ? ”
A friend of his , an employee of the California - based Roma Wine Company , persuaded Earle to take a three - month promotional tour with the company .
Earle enjoyed the job so much that he decided to stay .
The “ world ’s largest traveling salesman ” , outfitted in a customized Pontiac , made a lasting impression on every customer by handing out nine - inch - long business cards .
During World War II , turned down by the Armed Forces because of his height , Earle traveled the country lecturing on the importance of the American wine industry during times of hardship in Europe .
A quiet and intellectual man , Earle enjoyed sculpting and painting landscapes and still - lifes and even earned himself a gallery exhibition in New York City in 1936 .
Circus manager John Ringling North , Earle said , had been so impressed with Earle ’s clay bust of “ Clicko the Bushman ” ( Franz Taaibosch , a mentally handicapped South African man ) that he paid to send his giant to art school .
Earle was also a talented photographer , poet and playwright , and an enthusiastic fisherman and golfer .
Earle retired to an El Paso ranch in 1951 , where he spent his spare time visiting children ’s homes and entertaining the children with stories of magical giants .
He died on July 18 , 1952 , in an El Paso hospital after six weeks ’ illness .
Joseph Carey Merrick , ” The Elephant Man ”
In 1980 , David Lynch ’s masterpiece The Elephant Man was released .
The film told the story of John Merrick , a tragically deformed yet charming and intelligent Englishman .
When it hit the screens in 1980 , it became a cult hit with sufferers of neurofibromatosis , the disease that the Elephant Man was thought to have had .
Previously , it was though that he suffered from elephantiasis , a tropical disease causes by parasites in the bloodstream .
However , it was suggested in 1979 that Merrick had Proteus syndrome or “ Elephant Man ’s Disease ” , which causes abnormal , unchecked growth of bones , skin , and other systems .
Fewer than 100 cases of Proteus have been recorded , while NF occurs in one in every 4,000 births .
No condition has ever produced a degree of deformity equivalent to Merrick’s .
Joseph Carey Merrick was born in Leicester , England in 1862 .
He began growing disfiguring tumors before the age of two and his condition rapidly worsened , rendering one of his arms completely useless .
Nevertheless , he was described as a wonderfully imaginative and intelligent boy .
When Joseph was 11 , his mother , Mary Jane , who was also physically handicapped , died , and Joseph ’s father remarried .
Joseph ’s stepmother was not nearly as compassionate as his mother , and she even gave Joseph ’s father an ultimatum : “ Joseph , or me . ”
The young Joseph was cast out of the home and went to live at the Leicester Union Workhouse , and sold shoe polish on the street .
However , he was constantly taunted by crowds of cruel children and soon moved on to another line of work .
Joseph ’s attempt to find traditional work were unsuccessful .
Sick with bronchitis , and requiring surgery due to the intrusion of tumors into his throat , Joseph would very likely have died on the streets of Leicester , if it were n’t for a compassionate showman named Tom Norman .
Norman was the UK ’s answer to P.T. Barnum , and in fact received his nickname , “ The Silver King ” , from the legendary American impresario because of the flashy silver jewelry he wore .
Finding himself out of options and desperate for medical care , Merrick pitched himself to Sam Torr , another showman , who in turn introduced him to Norman .
Norman paid for the operations Merrick required and helped Merrick become a successful museum freak .
Under Norman ’s tutelage , Merrick accumulated 200 pounds , a large sum of money at the time .
However , while touring Belgium , Merrick became separated from his guardian .
Naive and sickly , he was a perfect target for robbers , and an unscrupulous Austrian ( some say Italian ) showman tricked him out of his small fortune .
Returning home from Belgium , Merrick was discovered in the Liverpool train station by Dr. Frederick Treves , who had previously seen Merrick on display in a medical school .
Merrick was suffering from bronchitis and malnutrition , and Treves brought him back to the Whitechapel Hospital .
The hospital became Merrick ’s permanent home ; in his room he wrote poetry and prose and built models from card stock , his most famous being of the St. Philip ’s cathedral in Birmingham , which Merrick had never seen but constructed from studying architectural drawings .
While living in the hospital , however , Merrick became a freak of a different sort .
Treves exhibited him before classes of medical students , where he stood naked before leering crowds and was subjected to humiliating examinations .
It became fashionable among members of London ’s upper class to visit the Elephant Man and mask their disgust as the conversed with the intelligent and well - spoken man .
His visitors brought him all sorts of gifts , including a beautiful shaving set , which of course Merrick could not use because of the condition of his skin .
He even struck up a pen-pal relationship with a famous actress of the day , who promised she would come see him , although she never did .
As Merrick became more comfortable with other people , he was taken on outings and even went to the theater .
He shook hands with people and spoke to strangers , even women , with ease .
Unfortunately , his newfound sense of self - respect came too late , and he died in his sleep in April 11 , 1890 .
Rumors spread that the Elephant Man had been murdered , but Dr. Treves dispelled these , revealing the true cause of Merrick ’s death to be asphyxiation .
He had attempted to sleep lying down , like a “ normal person ” , and the weight of the tumors on his head and neck had crushed his trachea .
“ Tis true my form is something odd ,
But blaming me is blaming God ;
Could I create myself anew
I would not fail in pleasing you .
If I could reach from pole to pole
Or grasp the ocean with a span ,
I would be measured by the soul ;
The mind ’s the standard of the man . ”
- Joseph Merrick
Carl Hermann Unthan
Carl Hermann Unthan was born in East Prussia in 1848 .
The family midwife wanted to smother the armless child at birth , but his father prevented it .
When Carl was a child , his father let him go barefoot so he could use his feet to grasp things and learn to perform other tasks such as writing .
He took up playing the violin and at age 20 played for Strauss in Vienna .
A huge success , Carl Unthan became a vaudeville performer and toured the United States , Cuba , Mexico and South America .
His act consisted of everyday tasks performed on stage : pouring a drink , shuffling cards and doing card tricks , swimming in a tank , loading and firing a rifle , and smoking a cigarette , in addition to violin playing .
Often he would purposely cut a string on the violin , and then repair it with his toes .
During World War I , Carl joined the German Army and travelled to various hospitals , giving motivational speeches to people who had lost limbs in the war .
He starred in a film , The Armless Man , in which he showcased his swimming ability by rescuing a woman from drowning , and wrote an autobiography , Das Pediskript ( or , The Armless Fiddler : A Pediscript Being of a Vaudeville Man ) , published in 1935 , several years after his death .
Carl preferred to be known for his music , not as an oddity .
He retired a wealthy man and died in 1928 , at the age of 80 .
Johnny Eck , “ The Half Boy ”
Johnny Eckhardt was born in 1911 with a horrifying birth defect leaving him with no body below his chest .
Despite this handicap , his need for speed could not be contained .
This is his amazing story .
Twenty minutes after his twin brother was born , Johnny Eckhardt Jr. entered the world .
It was August 27 , 1911 , born with only half a body , the wet nurse performing the delivery declared him “ a broken doll . ”
Though his brother Robert was perfectly normal , Johnny was born with a truncated torso and appendicular legs as the result of a rare condition called Sacral agenesis ;
He weighed two pounds and measured less than eight inches at birth .
A lesser person would have allowed this kind of start to color their entire life , but not Johnny .
At the same age as other children begin to walk upright , he learned to walk on his hands .
He excelled in school right alongside his brother .
He aspired to be a preacher , but his deformity led to other opportunities .
brother and performed in the freak show .
He worked as “ The King Of Freaks ” and ” The Half Boy , ” as incredible as that may seem , looking back on it from our politically correct present day .
His love of showmanship , incredibly light weight and powerful arms led to seemingly incredibly feats of strength , they also led to disposable income .
Despite the lack of legs , Eck loved all things mechanical , especially automobiles .
With his circus earnings along with pay from odd jobs , Eck purchased a midget racecar and converted all the foot controls to hand operation .
He even went so far as to have the car licensed for operation on the streets of Baltimore .
Not only did he buzz around Baltimore in this crazy contraption , he raced it all over the eastern seaboard .
The car was one of Johnny ’s greatest joys and although he went on to own others , his first was still somehow the best , much as it is for the rest of us .
As the years went on , the brothers retired , living a quiet life in Baltimore where they assembled a miniature train system which was the delight of neighborhood kids , and Johnny returned to one of his childhood loves of painting .
They were considered a pillar of the community .
In 1987 , a gang of thugs broke into the brother ’s house and held both elderly men down , beating them severely as they ransacked the home .
The two withdrew from public life , shunning friend and relative alike .
Following the incident , the formerly vibrant and optimistic Johnny lost faith in his fellow man and society in general , he was quoted as saying “ If I want to see freaks , I can just look out the window . ”
After four years in seclusion he died on January 5 , 1991 at the age of 79 .
It is unfortunate such a remarkable man ended his years in such a way , perhaps it says something about society at large when someone born with half a body considers everyone else a freak .
Whatever the case may be , Johnny Eck was without a doubt an incredibly interesting fellow , and if any of you ever rely on some lame excuse as to why your project car is sitting untouched in the garage , consider it well and truly nullified .
Chang and Eng , “ The Chinese Twins ”
Born in Siam ( now Thailand ) in 1811 , Eng and Chang Bunker were connected at the chest by a five - inch - wide band of flesh .
The location of this connection suggested to some doctors and other observers that the brothers shared a heart or some respiratory functions .
These medical assumptions would be proven wrong .
According to their biography , the twins shared relatively “ normal ” boyhoods in Siam , running and playing with other children , doing chores , and helping to support their parents and siblings by gathering and selling duck eggs in their small village .
Later , as teenagers , the twins left Siam and began a career traveling with two agents , Robert Hunter and Abel Coffin .
Eng and Chang earned money by giving lectures and demonstrations throughout the United States , Canada , South America , and Europe .
In fact , entries in their travel - expense journal , documents that they visited the campus of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in October , 1834 .
In their far - flung travels , Eng and Chang became such popular celebrities during the 1830s that their promotion as “ Siamese twins ” were terms that were universally employed to describe connected or conjoined twins .
By the late 1830s , Eng and Chang tired of all their traveling , opting then to settle in North Carolina .
There the brothers married two sisters , Adelaide and Sarah Yates of Wilkes County .
The sisters were of European ancestry and were neither twins nor connected themselves .
The couples were married in 1843 and would ultimately produce 21 children between the two families .
Eng and Chang died in January , 1874 , at the age of 63 .
Chang preceded Eng in death by about two and a half hours .
An autopsy indicated that Chang died of a blood clot in the brain ; and at the time Eng ’s demise was attributed , understandably , to shock .
Charles Sherwood Stratton , “ General Tom Thum b ”
Charles Sherwood Stratton was born today in 1838 .
His birth weight was a hearty 9 pounds , 2 ounces .
For the first 6 months of his life , Charles continued to develop normally .
Then , quite suddenly , he stopped growing .
On his first birthday , the boy ’s chagrined parents realized he had n’t grown an inch or an ounce in half a year .
They took him to a doctor , who told them it was unlikely their child would ever reach a normal height ( he mostly likely suffered from pituitary gland malfunctions ) .
Charles was a little over two feet tall and weighed 15 pounds .
The embarrassed Strattons muddled along with their tiny son for four years until P.T. Barnum heard tell of the boy and negotiated with them to exhibit Charles on a trial basis in Barnum ’s own NY museum .
The family was paid a princely sum of 3 bucks a week plus room , board and travel expenses for Charles and his mother .
Once back in New York , the entrepreneurial Barnum fell into an Ovid role to young Stratton ’s Pygmalion .
They spent long hours together , transforming the four - year - old waif into General Tom Thumb , a doll - sized prodigy from some nonspecific European locale .
The “ general ” was trained in courtly etiquette , song , dance , theater , celebrity impersonations and the rote memorization of dozens of sassy witticisms .
Stratton excelled at mimicry , imitating a Scottish highlander , Hercules , Cupid and Napoleon , among others .
Barnum believed he ’d struck gold .
Sure enough , the American public was soon clamoring to see the wee thespian on stage , dressed to the nines in beautifully tailored costumes .
In 1843 , aged five , Stratton went on his first American tour and was a smash success .
Not long after that , Barnum took Stratton to Europe .
Stratton would appear twice before Queen Victoria at Buckingham Palace ( on one of these occasions he was attacked by her pet poodle , which dwarfed him ) .
He had achieved international stardom .
His diminutive carriage was mobbed by crowds wherever he went .
Upon coming of age , Stratton married another little person , the delicate , raven - haired Lavinia Warren .
Their lavish wedding ceremony in 1863 made front page news across the country .
Stratton ’s best man was another Lilliputian employed by Barnum : George Washington Morrison ( “ Commodore ” ) Nutt .
The maid of honor was Lavinia ’s even tinier sister , Minnie .
The newlyweds greeted their 2,000 guests from atop a grand piano in the posh NY Metropolitan Hotel and were later received at the White House by President Abraham Lincoln .
Under Barnum ’s management , Stratton had become a very wealthy man , with apartments in upper - crust Manhattan , his own steam - powered yacht , and a custom - built home on one of CT ’s appropriately named Thimble Islands .
Although Barnum never actually said that there ’s a sucker born every minute , he was quick to admit himself “ a showman by profession … and all the gilding shall make nothing else of me . ”
By presenting mutations and gaffs for purported educational and scientific purposes ( wink wink , nudge nudge ) Barnum reaped a king ’s ransom .
His exhibitions of “ human curiosities ” like Stratton , Anna Swan , Chang & Eng and countless others are still well - remembered .
While his exploitative manner is offensive on many levels nowadays , such exhibits were quite common at the time .
Some modern “ freaks ” have gone so far as to say that well - meaning human rights campaigns waged against Barnum ’s ilk in the last century actually harmed their livelihoods rather than helped them .
In any case , it bears mentioning that Stratton and Barnum appeared to have shared a genuine kinship .
When Barnum was in danger of going bankrupt , Stratton bailed him out .
They later became business partners and were more successful than ever .
Stratton ’s later life was a darker sort of fairy tale .
When Lavinia ’s beloved younger sister died painfully while giving birth to a full - sized baby , the childless couple grew depressed and withdrew from social life .
Possibly due to continuing glandular problems , Stratton gained a large amount of weight and no longer bore any resemblance to the young Cupid he had played years before .
Barnum tried his best to comfort them and coax them out of hiding , but on a tour in Milwaukee in 1883 , a terrible fire broke out at the hotel the couple was staying in , killing 71 people .
They were saved by their manager , Sylvester Bleeker , while Bleeker ’s own wife perished after jumping from a high window .
Stratton never fully recovered from this traumatic event .
A few months later , while Lavinia was off on tour , he died of a stroke in his home .
Ten thousand people attended his funeral .
P.T. Barnum commissioned a life - sized statue of his esteemed General and had it placed at the top of Stratton ’s towering gravestone .
When Lavinia died in 1919 , she was interred beside him with an epitaph marked simply ( if somewhat dismissively ) “ His Wife ” .
Police are urging teenagers to remove their profile pictures and personal details from Facebook after a man was charged with the murder of a young Sydney woman last week .
It is alleged that Nona Belomesoff , 18 , believed she was going to work with an animal welfare organisation when she left her home last Wednesday to meet two men she befriended on Facebook .
Her body was found in a creek bed in Sydney 's south - west on Friday and police have charged a 20 - year - old man with her murder .
Police say the second man Ms Belomesoff believed she was meeting did not exist .
The man charged with murder allegedly set up a false Facebook profile masquerading as someone who worked with animals .
The case has ignited debate on the issue of cyber safety and security , particularly when it comes to younger people .
Although the majority of friends on a Facebook user 's list are people they know , it is relatively easy to make new friends online .
Detective Superintendent Peter Crawford is with Queensland 's Task Force Argos , which targets online predators .
He says there is no reason a teenager or a child should have a photo on their Facebook profile page .
He says photos , school details , or a young person 's date of birth should never be posted on the social networking site .
" If you use social networking as a closed networking with friends that you know ... then the risks are very much reduced , " he told ABC Local Radio .
" [ But ] if you post private information ... you are leaving yourself very much exposed not just to these types of offences , but also to fraud . "
Every month , the police task force receives at least one complaint in relation to online offenders , but covert police posing as children online can be hit upon regularly .
Users must be at least 13 years of age to sign on to Facebook , but a child can easily sign up for a profile by altering their date of birth .
Facebook 's ' great betrayal '
In November last year , Facebook fine - tuned its privacy settings so a user could control each individual area of their profile .
The change allowed Facebook users to decide whether to list details such as photos or posts , for example , as visible to friends , friends of friends , or to anyone .
But the onus is on the user to change their settings from open to private , which means some people may not even realise how much information they 're sharing to the outside world .
ABC technology editor Peter Marks say although Facebook cannot be blamed for Ms Belomesoff 's death , it could have provided a platform for her to meet her alleged killer online .
" Unfortunately the default privacy settings on Facebook have historically been rather low , which means by default that things kids load up onto Facebook - their photos for example - are publicly available to people who are n't their friends , " he said .
" [ Facebook ] actually made things like lists of friends publicly available so when they did the upgrade they opted people in - they did n't ask you to accept the extra publicity that you were getting .
" Basically this has been called Facebook 's great betrayal . "
He says many young children may think they are only sharing their private photos with friends , but their images could be available to the public - and stalkers - via Google .
Mr Marks also warns parents and young people about fake people on Facebook , or " mistaken identities " .
" They may be a made - up identity designed to entrap you , as it appears may have happened in this case , " he said .
" Facebook is really not like meeting someone down at the park , or meeting someone at the club or something . "
newswire article announcements portland metro police / legal | prisons & prisoners Communique Regarding N. Portland Community Police Station author : AAW Last night a few individuals tired of people being murdered , set out to break all the windows of the " community " police station at N Denver and N Killpatrick .
Yesterday the police killed another person .
We do n't know many details but we do n't need to know more details to be seething over this ( though frankly we will probably never be told the full account ) .
We are n't going to wait to watch the police demonize another person that would still be alive if there were no cops .
Last night a few individuals tired of people being murdered , set out to break all the windows of the " community " police station at N Denver and N Killpatrick .
We hope by this only to send a message " as long as you are around , killing , beating and threatening people there will be people working to destroy you "
Cops that killed Chasse , Campell , Colins and many others still threaten our communities with weapons and badges .
Nothing changes , a new chief , another death .
Write all the childrens books that you want , we still see the dead piling up .
Nothing changes , except windows in police stations .
With love ,
A.A.W .
Anarchists Against Windows contribute to this article
contribute to this article add comment to discussion view discussion from this article
With their French colleagues , researchers at the University of Helsinki have found a mechanism in the memory center of newborn that adjusts the maturation of the brain for the information processing required later in life .
The study is published in the Journal of Neuroscience .
The brain cells in the brain of a newborn are still quite loosely interconnected .
In the middle of chaos , they are looking for contact with each other and are only later able to operate as interactive neural networks .
Many cognitive operations , such as attention , memory , learning and certain states of sleep are based on rhythmic interactions of neural networks .
For a long time the researchers have been interested in finding the stage in the development of the brain in which the functional characteristics and interconnections are sufficiently developed for these subtle brain functions .
Key players in this maturation process include a type of nerve cells called interneurons , and recent research sheds light on their functional development .
The researchers have noticed that the activeness of the interneurons change dramatically during early development .
In the memory center of the brain they found a mechanism which adjusts changes in the activeness of interneurons .
The interneurons nerve cells are kind of controller cells .
In the nervous system of a newborn they promote the creation of nerve cell contacts , and on the other hand they prevent premature rhythmic activity of neural networks .
During development the controlling role will change , and the result is that the neural network becomes more efficiently rhythmic .
This can be seen , for example , in the strengthening of the EEG signal during sleep .
The mechanism adjusting the activity of the interneurons is related to the development phase which prepares the brain to process and handle information needed later in life .
The finding may also offer more detailed means to intervene in the electric disorders of developing neural networks , such as epilepsy .
Very Good Sentences From Matt Ridley
Let society evolve :
For the first time in my life , I ’ve seen a political manifesto based on bottom - up , emergent - property thinking throughout .
Not like the old right wing , which wanted bottom - up for business and top - down for society .
Not like the old left wing , which wanted top - down for the economy and bottom - up for society .
Not like today ’s Labour party , which wants top - down , authoritarian dirigisme for everything .
Well , almost throughout .
The Tories still seem to be thinking top - down on energy , marriage and a few other things .
Do check out the rest of his blog .
I ’ve only just keyed into it ( which is named for his forthcoming book , The Rational Optimist : How Prosperity Evolves . )
And yet –surprise , surprise –I think Ridley ’s passion for bottom - up , emergent order is still too tame .
I would add a couple more topics that nations inveterately use top - down management for–namely , controlling their size and demographic composition .
Competitive governance fueled by a market for national rule sets would loosen things up a bit .
No reason orders would n’t emerge at that level , either .
But I suppose you have to start somewhere .
Here ’s another interesting post on emergent order based on a study of flock movements :
Right , so can we now get away from the absurd dichotomy between autocracy and anarchy ?
If you say you favour bottom - up , emergent solutions with nobody in charge , because that ’s how both evolution and economic progress ( and the internet ) generally work , then then most people react by saying : well , somebody ’s got to be in charge or you ’ll end up with anarchy .
No .
Exactly !
Two and a half years after its release , Radiohead ’s
In Rainbows is still getting lobbed around the music business like a hand grenade .
To everybody from Megan McArdle to Ian Astbury , Radiohead ’s decision to sell their seventh album using pay - what - you - want pricing was one of the worst decisions a band could make , and also one of the final nails being hammered into the recording industry ’s coffin .
But when that grenade came whizzing at Simon and Julia Indelicate , the heads of UK band the Indelicates , they decided to catch it .
The band chose to sell their most recent album , Songs for Swinging Lovers , on a pay - what - you - want basis through Corporate Records , a label they created .
And if the sales figures thus far are any indication , that grenade might be too old .
Or a dud .
Or both .
I spoke with them over e-mail about the whole experience , and here ’s what happened :
WAMM : First give everyone a quick summary of your music industry experiences prior to forming this band ( i.e. previous bands , record deals , touring , licensing , etc )
Simon Indelicate : After forming in 2005 , we put one of our earliest demos ( a song called “ Waiting for Pete Doherty to Die ” which is nowhere near as flippant as the title ) online for free download and it very quickly went modestly viral – being downloaded from our site hundreds of thousands of times .
We played pretty much a London gig a week for a year , and toured Germany and the UK .
We spent a lot of time being told that “ industry ” were coming to see us play and encountered the prevailing attitude that these mysterious figures were the only important members of any audience .
Eventually , we were approached by the A&R man of a smallish indie label based in London and Austria who offered us , initially , a two single deal .
We released a single on vinyl and CD and , though not profitable , it did well enough for them to offer a £ 10,000 advance for an album with an option on the second .
They paid for the recording and it came out in 2008 .
Throughout the whole process , while the record company were decent , friendly and not especially incompentent we had the inescapable sense that , advance and recording costs aside , they were adding nothing to the business of making and selling our music .
Money was wasted on pointless ads , unnecessary design checkers and failed print PR campaigns and we never felt that we sold a record by any traditional method – we sold albums to people who we were in contact with directly over the internet and were discovered over a network of unorchestrated bloggers , tweeters and word - of - mouth spreaders .
In a two album deal – the company has no obligation to release a second album , but you have to record one for them if they decide they want it .
As such , when it came to the second half of 2008 , we were left in limbo when the record company started umming and ahhing over whether to exercise their option .
Sales had constantly declined and , in a new environment where ‘ no - advance ’ deals had become the norm they clearly could n’t afford to meet the second advance that was promised in the contract .
They vaguely offered a new contract based on a zero advance – but were never clear .
As a result , we were left for 6 months in a position where we were unable to record anything new ourselves because we were technically still under contract , unable to release anything on the internet , unable to sign a new deal and generally just paralysed .
Eventually , painful though it was , we wrote to ask that they drop us , and they obliged .
They have since wound up all record company business – and given us back our rights which was extremely nice of them .
So how come you decided to use Corporate for this album as opposed to another label or a platform like Bandcamp or Guguchu ?
We built Corporate Records ourselves and it would have been a bit counter - productive to use someone else ’s !
But we did build the thing specifically to do what we wanted as a band and we do n’t think any of the other sites offers quite the same service .
We believe that the economics of music now dictates a model based on abundance rather than scarcity – we wanted a site that would allow us to release lots of music very quickly and that would allow us to be very particular about the precise details for each release .
Corporate lets you be very specific about your release and does n’t try to charge you per release – just takes a small percentage of sales .
Also , while there are many nicely designed , web start - up style sites out there , the last thing we ’d want is something that looks like it was built by shiny positive web 2.0 people – this is supposed to be rock and roll , not social networking .
Corporate Records is a deliberate challenge to the music industry – especially in light of its aggressive lobbying for draconian and stupid anti-piracy laws – and it has an attitude and logo to match .
I think most similar sites are constrained by their dependence on investors and are unable to veer to far from the friendly , uber - professional design aesthetic , the kooky inoffensiveness and marketing speak that they require .
Additionally , the size and reputation of a platform are n’t really factors when you sell online – the key thing is getting people to click the link to the download page , not relying on passing traffic browsing the front pages of online music shops .
But conventional wisdom states that the pay - what - you - want model is the province of big , established bands only .
What made you decide to use that model ?
Because [ our former ] record company was tied in to distribution deals , for the longest time we only had imported vinyl copies of our first album to sell at gigs .
The number of people who did n’t own record players but who bought that format from us because they felt they wanted to reward us in some way was mind - blowing .
I do n’t believe that people are naturally unwilling to pay musicians they wish to support and I think pay - what - you - like requires that people know that artists are offering their work themselves on that basis , so that they feel that the act of paying makes a specific difference .
Even more so , I think it ’s important that people who want to important they have to enter a zero in the payment field and press send – it just changes the balance of downloading and associates the acquisition of music with an effect on the people who produced it .
I think that ’s enough – it ’s a positive way to deal with the problem .
I think the enormous success of the album has vindicated the model .
Thousands of people have chosen to pay .
If anything , the fact that people know that , unlike Radiohead , we actually need the money and wo n’t be fine if they choose not to pay us has helped .
A couple weeks ago , Ian Astbury of The Cult called Radiohead ’s decision to sell In Rainbows this way “ stupid ” and “ irresponsible . ”
I ’d guess you disagree with his opinion ?
I have no sympathy with his views at all .
I ’ve regularly heard the spurious argument that giving music away devalues it and all I hear is a basic failure to understand the simple economics of the situation .
The record industry was profitable because it controlled a number of scarce resources : that is , it was able to afford the high costs involved in recording , manufacturing , distributing and promoting music .
The Internet has reduced these costs to almost nothing – recording gets closer to free every day , manufacturing an Mp3 is free , distributing an Mp3 costs almost nothing , online promotion only costs time ( print ads and reviews have startlingly low ‘ conversion rate ’ ) .
In other words , far from selling a scarce resource , the record industry is now trying to sell something abundant .
The only sources of scarcity they have left are hype and fame .
Anyone who wants to listen to music of equal quality – and is n’t bothered that much how famous the bloke who made it is – can do so legally and immediately for nothing .
It is absolutely a buyers market and it is for buyers to determine how much they value 45 minutes of music based on their relationship to those who produced it .
Radiohead did n’t devalue music – they offered music at the value that the market had set .
We did the same .
There ’s nothing irresponsible about responding to reality in a way that makes the truth clear to people at the expense of a rotten , obsolete system that only ever exploited musicians anyway .
He should watch who he calls stupid in future .
Related content :
Judge Shirley Strickland Saffold puts off decision on removing herself from Anthony Sowell case
Lawyer for Anthony Sowell to ask Judge Shirley Strickland Saffold to step down over Internet comments
Anonymous online comments are linked to the personal e-mail account of Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Judge Shirley Strickland Saffold
Plain Dealer sparks ethical debate by unmasking anonymous Cleveland.com poster
Read Lawmiss ' comments
Read the cleveland.com User Agreement
Read the Cleveland.com Privacy Policy
Previous stories :
Cuyahoga County judge orders arrest of Plain Dealer reporter , wants to know source of story on murder suspect Anthony Sowell
Plain Dealer photographers are denied permission to work at reporter 's hearing on source for Sowell documents
County judge reveals himself as source of leaked Sowell psychiatric evaluation
Video : Judge Shirley Strickland Saffold drops request for source 's identity
Judge Timothy McGinty admits sharing Sowell report ; defense unsure of next move
Judge Saffold 's attempt to jail PD reporter was a judicial assault : Phillip Morris
Follow the Sowell case on Cleveland.com
CLEVELAND , Ohio --
A Cuyahoga County judge sued The Plain Dealer and affiliated companies Wednesday , claiming that they breached a Web site privacy policy when stories linked an e-mail account used by the judge to a series of online comments related to some of the judge 's high - profile cases .
Common Pleas Judge Shirley Strickland Saffold and her daughter , Sydney , seek at least $ 50 million in damages for what the lawsuit characterizes as a conspiracy to publish confidential information that was used to register a username on cleveland.com , a Web site affiliated with the newspaper .
Both Plain Dealer Editor Susan Goldberg and Saffold 's attorney , Brian Spitz , declined to comment on the case Wednesday .
Spitz , in an interview with ABC News , acknowledged for the first time Wednesday the possibility that Saffold posted comments under the moniker " lawmiss , " which was set up on cleveland .com through an e-mail account used by the judge .
Saffold last month denied leaving any lawmiss comments , and her daughter took responsibility for all of them .
The suit , filed in Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Court , claims that newspaper violated cleveland .
com 's privacy policy by printing personally identifying information .
And the lawsuit claims The Plain Dealer acknowledged that using and publishing registration information breached the users ' expectation of privacy .
Cleveland.com 's privacy policy was written by Advance Internet , a separate entity affiliated with The Plain Dealer .
The privacy policy states , " We may also provide access to our database in order to cooperate with official investigations or legal proceedings , including , for example , in response to subpoenas , search warrants , court orders , or other legal process . "
The policy goes on to state : " In addition , we reserve the right to use the information we collect about your computer , which may at times be able to identify you , for any lawful business purpose . . . "
The site also reserves " the right to use , transfer , sell , and share aggregated , anonymous data about our users as a group for any business purpose , such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers and partners . "
A Plain Dealer online editor looked up lawmiss ' e-mail address - which was accessible through software used to post stories to the Web site - after lawmiss posted a comment about the mental state of a Plain Dealer reporter 's relative .
The newspaper found the link to an e-mail account used by Saffold and others , and reported for the first time March 26 that more than 80 comments had been made on cleveland.com by lawmiss .
Among the postings were comments about cases before Saffold .
The judge acknowledged in an interview last month that such comments would have been improper if she had made them .
Goldberg said last month that the issues raised by lawmiss ' comments outweighed any privacy interests of the poster .
Goldberg noted that comments made were not about trifling matters .
The posts related directly to two death - penalty cases involving Saffold as judge -- the 2008 murder trial of former Cleveland firefighter Terrance Hough Jr. and the case of Anthony Sowell , accused of killing 11 women .
" What if it ever came to light that someone using the e-mail of a sitting judge made comments on a public Web site about cases she was hearing , and we did not disclose it ? "
Goldberg said last month .
" These are capital crimes and life - and - death issues for these defendants .
I think not to disclose this would be a violation of our mission and damaging to our credibility as a news organization . "
The day the story was published , Sowell 's lawyer requested that Saffold recuse herself from hearing the Sowell case , arguing that the lawmiss comments showed bias .
Saffold has not made a decision .
In the lawsuit filed Wednesday , Spitz argues that the newspaper 's online editors looked up the lawmiss user registration information as a vendetta , because of the remark left about a reporter 's relative .
" Despite encouraging lively debate and opposing opinions , Defendants used tactics to discourage comments that opposed their editorial viewpoint , including , but not limited to selectively removing opinions that were not favorable to Defendants , and allowing personal attacks against their targets to remain , " Spitz writes .
Saffold told the newspaper last month that she had nothing to do with the lawmiss comments .
County records show that three of the comments were left at the same time as someone using Saffold 's court computer was visiting cleveland.com .
ABC News reported in an online article Wednesday that Spitz said Saffold might have used the lawmiss handle to comment on stories unrelated to her cases , including stories on the Cleveland Browns .
Spitz said he is still combing through the comments with his client .
He acknowledges in the suit that the judge and her daughter shared the cleveland.com account .
But he argues that the AOL e-mail address linked to the account was created by Saffold 's former husband , Oscar , for the whole family to use .
The suit claims the newspaper called upon legal experts and the Ohio Supreme Court 's disciplinary counsel to inquire about the ethical implications of Saffold 's participation on cleveland.com .
And the newspaper gathered all of the comments posted by lawmiss for readers to peruse .
The Plain Dealer 's stories about lawmiss have been controversial with many cleveland.com commenters , who believed they were anonymous when posting on the Web site .
Cleveland.com is affiliated with Advance Internet , which now blocks the newspaper from access to the e-mail addresses of commenters .
Even as the lawsuit criticizes the newspaper for revealing the e-mail address linked to lawmiss , it says it expects the defendants to identify all anonymous commenters who criticized Saffold on cleveland.com .
The suit lists those commenters as John Does and says they also are defendants .
Spitz , whose law firm is based in South Euclid , filed at least one similar lawsuit in the past , claiming the breach of an online user privacy policy .
In July 2008 , he represented an elder - care nurse , who said her life had been destroyed after the proprietor of celebrity gossip
Web site perezhilton.com divulged her personal and contact information .
Diane Wargo sued Mario Armando Lavandeira , Jr. in U.S. District Court in Cleveland for $ 25 million , arguing that Lavandeira posted her full name , email address and the name of her employer , and encouraged readers to harass Wargo for disagreeing with his opinions .
The case was dismissed for lack of jurisdiction .
A reader writes :
I hated my life .
I almost dropped out of college after my first semester because the idea of spending four years jacked up on Adderall , not sleeping , barely eating , and uninterested in the beautiful college girls all around me , was completely unbearable .
Andrew , weed is nothing short of a miracle for me .
I 'm a college student ( should be writing my final paper right now , in fact ) , so there is n't any real stigma regarding smoking marijuana , but I do it for a much different reason than most of my friends .
I 'm 21 and I have rather severe Attention Deficit Disorder , something I 've struggled with my entire life .
The only medication that works for me at all is Adderall , which I think of as meth for rich people .
However , while taking 25 mg a day allows me to function normally as a student , it also makes me miserable .
My medication suppresses my appetite to the point where I can't smell food without feeling nauseous , makes me panicky and paranoid , exacerbates my already bothersome insomnia and migraines , and ( perhaps worst of all ) destroys my sex drive .
My doctor 's response to these terrible side effects was more medication , mostly sedatives that make me feel like I 'm walking on the bottom of the ocean and put me into an uncomfortable , dreamless sleep - coma .
I had smoked it before and enjoyed it , but never while I was taking my medication .
A couple tokes and my headaches disappear , my appetite comes back with a vengeance , and my panicked paranoia melts into comparatively blissful relaxation .
A couple more , and I can get a full night of deep , restful sleep , something I have trouble with even without amphetamines in my system .
Even when I 'm not taking Adderall , marijuana helps : my ADD causes my thoughts to jump constantly from topic to topic , my hands get restless if they 're not continuously occupied and I 'm always twitchy ( which is exhausting when you do it all day ) - all of this is much better when I 'm stoned .
Plus , it 's fun !
I can stare at the wall forever if I want to !
Maybe that 's not such a novelty to you , but for me , it 's like having a superpower .
Because of weed , I do n't have to choose between being functional and feeling good .
I do n't like having to break the law , but as a well - off , clean - cut white college student in a state with relatively relaxed cannabis laws , the risk for me is minuscule , and well worth the reward .
In every other aspect of my life , I am a model citizen - there 's not so much as a parking ticket on my record .
I 'm careful and responsible about my drug usage , and try to buy from people who grow it themselves and are n't using my money to fund violent gangs .
That billions of dollars are wasted in this disastrous War on Drugs and thousands of lives are ruined , all in the name of protecting me from something that makes my quality of life significantly better , is a national outrage .
" I was pretty young when my Barbies started having abortions , " said writer Jennifer Baumgardner last night .
The event was called " Young Women , Feminism And The Future . "
I wished for a little bit more of the future stuff .
Advertisement
Baumgardner was explaining something she and her Manifesta co-author Amy Richards had talked about a lot , in the ten years since the book was published and before : they had grown up with " feminism in the water " and had come up with their own version of the women 's movement , which was branded as the Third Wave .
Advertisement
" One thing that has n't changed since Manifesta is intergenerational tension , " said Amy .
And there 's plenty of evidence of that — witness the debate this week about women 's involvement in reproductive rights issues .
The twist is that listening to them last night , I felt something akin to the mild alienation they must have felt about an earlier generation of women 's rights activists , even as their version of feminism had inspired me as a teenager and young adult .
That was because it seemed more diverse , more aware , more welcoming , and more attuned to the culture .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
But because Veronica Chambers had to cancel ( she was on a trip delayed by the Icelandic volcano ) , it was an all - white panel .
And yes , the amount of time they spent talking about their mothers was touching .
But the friend I came with and I both had mothers that came of age in other countries ( Cuba , Israel ) who were strong - willed and independent but for whom official Feminism was never an explicit part of their lives .
It was a lovely thing that these women had been raised by mothers for whom it was , but as a central prong of " young women 's feminism , " it seemed a pretty niche and , given the makeup of feminist - identified women back then , a rather white and educated , middle - class concern .
Rather than focus about what had changed in the last ten years and what might be happening now and in the future , there was a nostalgic tone to the panel .
Bust editor Debbie Stoller did say that some of the problems that 1970s feminists described had been solved in ways that they themselves did n't expect .
Betty Friedan's " Problem That Has No Name , " Debbie said , was n't about women working in the home — it was about traditional women 's work being devalued .
She said personal blogs about motherhood and domesticity had helped changed that into something that was celebrated , if on a micro level .
Advertisement
And Jennifer said something that resonated about how her generation of feminists was less comfortable with a wide disconnect between their personal lives and their ideology , such that they were willing to have a more flexible ideology that reflected the realities of their lives .
" We solved some problems but left some problems in our wake , " said Debbie .
During the Q&A , I said I 'd been an intern at Ms. the summer before their book had appeared , ten years ago .
The biggest thing that had changed since then was in fact the explosion of Internet media and communication , which had made accessing feminist - oriented material and discussions available to anyone with Internet access .
What did they make of that ?
( Not incidentally , how did I end up at Ms. at sixteen ?
The Internet .
I cold - emailed them and every magazine 's email address I could find . )
Advertisement
They were not particularly enthusiastic about it , all this Internet and social media stuff .
Jennifer said she worried it was a weak substitute for real - life activism .
Amy pointed out that it was often yet another form of unpaid work for women , and that many foundations and organizations were launching blogs because they thought they were supposed to , without really knowing what they were for .
Debbie did n't really want to talk about her magazine vis a vis the Internet , but she did offer that Facebook was a girly form —
" Like passing notes in class , " she ad - libbed .
For women who had branded a movement that was partially typified by media — riot grrl music , Bust magazine — it was an odd blind spot .
It reminded me of covering the magazine industry at a time of profound denial about how the Internet was upending the business and readership model .
Advertisement
Maybe because Debbie edits a magazine that has to constantly be in search of the new , she seemed to understand it best .
" Our touchstones are irrelevant , " she said at one point .
" I never wanted to be one of those people that says , ' Oh , that 's not feminist enough . '
Or , ' Your music is crappy , ours was better . '
But now I am . "
She allowed that the current generation of young women — she put it at 22 and under — would come up with their own touchstones eventually , and it would probably build on but be entirely different from what came before .
I would argue that it already has .
And it's on this Internet thing .
It 's ironic that women who made their names on their youthful perspectives , arguing that their unique experiences had been left out of another generation 's narrative , should be unable to see it .
But with all respect to them and the things they made possible , I guess it 's only fair .
As expected , the fraud charges brought against Goldman Sachs by the SEC and now the Senate hearings are producing a lot of anxiety in Jewish quarters .
Back in January , Michael Kinsley wrote an article telling us how to think about the Jewish angle in the financial meltdown ( “ How to Think About : Jewish Bankers ” ) .
The question for Kinsley is n’t whether negative qualities of Jewish bankers or the bad behavior of Jewish firms like Goldman have anything to do with being Jewish .
The question is whether anyone who criticizes Goldman is an anti-Semite :
Because Goldman is thought of as a “ Jewish ” firm , and because it dominates the financial industry , criticism of Goldman , or of bankers generally , is often accused of being anti-Semitic .
Commentators including Rush Limbaugh and Maureen Dowd have been so accused .
When , if ever , are such accusations fair ? ”
So Kinsley passes his Geiger Counter over non-Jews like Limbaugh and Dowd and passes judgment on their moral worthiness .
Any link between Jewishness and misbehavior is automatically out of bounds for serious discussion : “ Certainly any explicit suggestion that Goldman ’s alleged misbehavior and its Jewishness are related in any way is anti-Semitic . ”
This statement draws on a general reluctance to ascribe negative traits as being reasonably associated with a certain group .
But this can easily be seen to be just another example of political - correctness think .
What if indeed a particular group is more likely to engage in some sort of bad behavior ?
For example , J. Philippe Rushton and Glayde Whitney have claimed on the basis of a rather powerful theory and a considerable amount of data that Blacks are prone to criminality and this is true wherever there are Blacks — whether in Africa , North America , South America , or the Caribbean .
If indeed that is true or at least reasonable , then it would also be reasonable to say being Black contributes to the likelihood that a certain group of Blacks are criminals — that a considerable part of the explanation for the criminality of these particular Blacks stems from their group membership .
It would certainly not imply that all Blacks or even anywhere near all Blacks are criminals .
Just that Blacks are more likely than other groups to be involved in certain kinds of crime — Rushton and Whitney would argue for a strong role of their common genetic ancestry .
Or take a presumably benign example :
It ’s well known that the Ashkenazi Jewish mean IQ higher than the European mean .
If then one finds that Jews are highly overrepresented in a particular high - IQ occupation , say among mathematicians , then it is certainly reasonable to explain this as partly due to the general traits of the group , as writers ranging from Charles Murray , Henry Harpending and Greg Cochran , and I have argued
Can such an argument be made Jewish involvement in financial scandals has something to do with being Jewish ?
Back in the 1980s a major financial scandal revolved around Michael Milken .
Much of the discussion of the Jewish role in this financial scandal centered around the book Den of Thieves by James B. Stewart .
Jewish activist Alan Dershowitz called Den of Thievesan “ anti-Semitic screed ” and attacked a review by Michael M. Thomas in the New York Times Book Review because of his “ gratuitous descriptions by religious stereotypes . ”
Thomas ’s review contained the following passage :
James B. Stewart . . . charts the way through a virtual solar system of peculation , past planets large and small , from a metaphorical Mercury representing the penny - ante takings of Dennis B. Levine ’s small fry , past the middling ( $ 10 million in inside - trading profits ) Mars of Mr. Levine himself , along the multiple rings of Saturn — Ivan F. Boesky , his confederate Martin A. Siegel of Kidder , Peabody , and Mr. Siegel ’s confederate Robert Freeman of Goldman , Sachs — and finally back to great Jupiter : Michael R. Milken , the greedy billion - dollar junk - bond kingdom in which some of the nation ’s greatest names in industry and finance would find themselves entrapped and corrupted .
Thomas was attacked as an anti-Semite simply for mentioning so many Jewish names all in one paragraph .
His defense was to note that “ If I point out that nine out of 10 people involved in street crimes are black , that ’s an interesting sociological observation .
If I point out that nine out of 10 people involved in securities indictments are Jewish , that is an anti-Semitic slur .
I can not sort out the difference .
. . . ”
I ca n’t sort out the difference either .
And once again , the current financial meltdown has revealed a large role for Jewish companies and Jewish money managers who engineered the meltdown and profited handsomely from it .
Kinsley acknowledges that Jews predominate on Wall St. and it ’s okay to criticize a Jewish firm like Goldman Sachs — but only if there is no mention that Jewishness has anything to do with it .
Sometimes the stereotype about Jews and money takes a harsher form : Jews are greedy , they lie , cheat and steal for money , they have undue influence with the government , which they cultivate and exploit ruthlessly , and so on .
In recent weeks , many have said this sort of thing about Goldman Sachs , but with no reference to Jews .
Are they all anti-Semites ?
No .
It ought to be possible to criticize Goldman in the harshest possible terms–if you think that ’s warranted –without being tarred as an anti-Semite .
So is it possible to frame an argument that bad behavior in the financial realm does indeed have something to do with Jewishness ?
Note that this is quite different from showing that Jewishness is involved in the creation of culture — the argument of The Culture of Critique .
There it was only necessary to show that a movement was dominated by Jews who identified as Jews and saw their work as advancing Jewish interests .
As I see it , the argument has two parts :
1. ) Judaism as a group evolutionary strategy has always had a strong element of ingroup / outgroup thinking .
Entirely different moral standards are applicable inside and outside the group .
The result is that the Jewish moral universe is particularistic and the attitude toward non-Jews is purely instrumental — aimed at maximizing personal benefit with no moral concerns about the consequences to non-Jews .
For example , a common pattern in traditional societies was that Jews allied themselves with exploitative non-Jewish elites .
The evolutionary aspects of this situation are obvious .
Jews were the ideal intermediary for any exploitative elite precisely because their interests , as a genetically segregated group , were maximally divergent from those of the exploited population .
Such individuals are expected to have maximal loyalty to the rulers and minimal concerns about behaving in a purely instrumental manner , including exploitation , toward the rest of the population .
( A People that Shall Dwell Alone , Ch. 5 )
2. ) One would then have to show that actual Jewish behavior reflected the double moral standard that is ubiquitous in Jewish religious writing .
There is in fact a long history of anti-Jewish attitudes focused around the charge that Jews are misanthropes with negative personality traits who are only too willing to exploit non-Jews .
This history is summarized in Ch. 2 of Separation and Its Discontents , beginning with the famous quote from Tacitus , “ Among themselves they are inflexibly honest and ever ready to show compassion , though they regard the rest of mankind with all the hatred of enemies . ”
Among the more illustrious observers are the following ( see here for the complete passage , p. 46 ff ) :
Immanual Kant : Jews are “ a nation of usurers . . . outwitting the people amongst whom they find shelter .
. . .
They make the slogan ‘ let the buyer beware ’ their highest principle in dealing with us . ”
Economic historian Werner Sombart : “ With Jews [ a Jew ] will scrupulously see to it that he has just weights and a just measure ; but as for his dealings with non-Jews , his conscience will be at ease even though he may obtain an unfair advantage . ”
Jewish historian Heinrich Graetz : “ [ The Polish Jew ] took a delight in cheating and overreaching , which gave him a sort of joy of victory .
But his own people he could not treat in this way : they were as knowing as he .
It was the non -Jew who , to his loss , felt the consequences of the Talmudically trained mind of the Polish Jew . ”
Sociologist Max Weber : “ As a pariah people , [ Jews ] retained the double standard of morals which is characteristic of primordial economic practice in all communities :
What is prohibited in relation to one ’s brothers is permitted in relation to strangers . ”
Zionist Theodor Herzl : Anti-Semitism is “ an understandable reaction to Jewish defects ” brought about ultimately by gentile persecution : Jews had been educated to be “ leeches ” who possessed “ frightful financial power ” ; they were “ a money - worshipping people incapable of understanding that a man can act out of other motives than money . ”
Edward A. Ross :
“ The authorities complain that the East European Hebrews feel no reverence for law as such and are willing to break any ordinance they find in their way .
. . .
The insurance companies scan a Jewish fire risk more closely than any other .
Credit men say the Jewish merchant is often “ slippery ” and will “ fail ” in order to get rid of his debts .
For lying the immigrant has a very bad reputation .
In the North End of Boston “ the readiness of the Jews to commit perjury has passed into a proverb . ”
Edmund Connelly has reviewed the work of two academic historians , Paul Johnson ( A History of the Jews ) and Albert Lindemann ( Esau ’s Tears : Modern Anti-Semitism and the Rise of the Jews ) , who “ have shown that this pattern of Jewish deception and fraud in pursuit of wealth and its legitimacy within the Jewish community have a long history . ”
The key point is the legitimacy of fraud within the Jewish community .
Successful fraudsters are not shunned but rather become pillars of the community :
Reflecting the legitimacy of white collar crime in the wider Jewish community in the contemporary world , [ Michael ] Milken is a pillar of the Jewish community in Los Angeles and a major donor to Jewish causes .
Indeed , this is part of a pattern : Ivan Boesky donated $ 20 million to the library at the Jewish Theological Seminary .
And the notorious Marc Rich has donated millions of dollars to a wide range of Jewish causes , including Birthright Israel , a program designed to increase Jewish identification among young Jews .
The list of people supporting Rich ’s pardon by Bill Clinton was “ a virtual Who ’s Who of Israeli society and Jewish philanthropy . ”
A rabbi concerned about the ethics of these practices notes , “ it is a rare Jewish organization that thinks carefully about the source of a donor ’s money . …
The dangerous thing is not that people make moral mistakes , but that we do n’t talk about it . ”
The idea is that the Jewish financial elite sees the non-Jewish world in instrumental terms — as objects with no moral value .
As I noted earlier ,
there is a strong suggestion that the financial elite behaved much more like an organized crime syndicate than as an elite with a sense of civic responsibility or commitment to the long term viability of the society .
Whereas organized crime stems from the lower levels of society , this meltdown was accomplished at the very pinnacle of society — the Ivy League grads … , the wealthy financial firms and investment rating agencies , the strong connections with government that facilitated the bailout and failed to provide scrutiny while it was happening .
It seems highly doubtful that all this would have happened with the former WASP elite .
In psychological terms , these Jews are behaving in a sociopathic manner toward the non-Jewish world .
That is , they have no concern for the moral consequences of their actions — no empathy or concern for victims .
Recent neuroscience data shows that people are quite capable of having a great deal of empathy and concern for people in their ingroup while having no empathy at all toward outsiders , especially if they are highly ethnocentric .
This implies that a strongly identified Jew could be the epitome of a well - socialized , empathic group member when he is among Jews , but treat the rest of the world in a cold and calculating manner and have no remorse or empathy for the victims .
Nor would such a person have any concerns about the long - term future of the society he lives in .
Richard Spencer discusses the fact that so many of our politicians are sociopaths ( my favorite example is Winston Churchill ) , noting that “ Aristocrats governed with a healthy , long - term goal in mind : they wanted their great grandchildren to inherit a prosperous , powerful realm . ”
It can safely be asserted that concerns about the long - term health of the society are not uppermost in the minds of our financial elite .
Concerns that Wall Street is socially irresponsible are widespread now .
Just last week I saw CNBC reporter David Faber asking Lloyd Blankfein of Goldman Sachs whether Wall Street was good for America .
Is it serving any positive social function ? — with the implication that it ’s at least reasonable to think it is n’t .
Such a question would have been inconceivable a couple years ago .
Rather than producing any tangible goods or allocating financing in a way that benefits good businesses , Matt Taibbi ’s analogy seems to hit home : “ The world ’s most powerful investment bank is a great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity , relentlessly jamming its blood funnel into anything that smells like money . ”
As Kinsley notes , this analogy was immediately deemed anti-Semitic by the usual thought police : “ This sentence , many have charged , goes beyond stereotypes about Jews and money , touches other classic anti-Semitic themes about Jews as foreign or inhuman elements poisoning humanity and society , and — to some critics — even seems to reference the notorious ‘ blood libel ’ that Jews use the blood of Christian babies to make matzoh . ”
It also conjures up a strong image of economic parasitism , another ancient anti-Jewish theme : the financial sector as not producing products or wealth , but extracting wealth to the detriment of the society as a whole .
The problem for Kinsley and like - minded people is trying to seriously rebut the claim that the socially destructive behavior of the predominantly Jewish financial elite does in fact fit a strong historic pattern of Jewish ethical behavior vis á vis the non-Jewish society — behavior that is well grounded in Jewish religious ethics .
In any case , it is a very troubling sign indeed for the US that the financial sector is vastly outpacing the rest of the economy in corporate earnings as well as in executive compensation — especially when it ’s being run by a group of people who have sociopathic attitudes toward non-Jewish America .
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
A green Nissan car used for Saturday 's botched Times Square bombing was sold through an advertisement on the popular website Craigslist for between $ 1,300 and $ 1,800 in cash three weeks ago , investigators have established .
The sports utility vehicle 's registered owner told police that he offloaded the 1993 car to a Middle Eastern or Hispanic looking man aged around 29 or 30 , although formal paperwork for the transaction was never completed .
CBS
News reported last night that the buyer of the vehicle paid for it in $ 100 bills .
The keys were exchanged in a brief meeting at a Connecticut shopping centre between two strangers .
Licence plates on the car were stolen from a truck at a junk yard , also in Connecticut .
Investigators increasingly believe that the crude car bomb , which failed to detonate , was the work of a plot involving multiple people and that it may have had international links .
New York 's police commissioner , Ray Kelly , admitted the city had been lucky to escape disaster .
" If it [ the bomb ] had detonated , it 's my judgment that it would have caused casualties , there would have been a significant fireball , " said Kelly .
" I 'm told the vehicle itself would have at least been cut in half . "
The car , parked in the heart of Manhattan 's theatre district , was packed with propane gas , petrol and fireworks strung together with a rudimentary timer operated by a pair of cheap alarm clocks .
Two T - shirt vendors raised the alarm when they noticed the car had been abandoned with its hazard lights flashing and its keys in the ignition , and police swiftly evacuated the area .
Police travelled by helicopter to Pennsylvania to visit a tourist who took a brief video image of a man running north up Broadway at around the time of the bombing .
They also want to track down a white man , aged around 40 , who was captured on closed circuit television removing a sweatshirt in Shubert Alley , a pedestrianised cut - through , near the scene .
Releasing a 20 - second video clip , Kelly said the man appeared to be acting " furtively " .
Saturday 's incident was at least the 11th foiled terrorist plot in the US since the 9/11 attacks .
One theory is that the target of the Times Square bomb was the media group Viacom , whose headquarters are nearby .
The US company caused controversy by broadcasting on its Comedy Central network an episode of the cartoon South Park which poked fun at Islamic sensitivity over images of the prophet Muhammad by showing him dressed in a bear suit .
" It 's out there as one theory , " said Janet Napolitano , secretary of US homeland security .
But she added that it was " speculation " at this stage .
Bruce Hoffman , a professor of security studies at Georgetown University in Washington , said car bombs had been unusual in the US in recent years , with the bombing of an Oklahoma City government building in 1995 being the last successful large - scale attack of its type .
" We have n't had a vehicular bomb in the US for quite some time , although they 're not a new thing , " said Hoffman .
" Puerto Rican independence groups used them back in the 1960s and 1970s . "
On Sunday , a group called Tehrik - e - Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) claimed responsibility for the Times Square bomb , posting a video on the internet alleging that the attack was to avenge recent killings by US drone aircraft along the Afghan border .
But yesterday a spokesman for the group disowned the video , while experts said TTP has previously declared responsibility for events it had nothing to do with .
" These types of messages are n't directed towards an audience in the US as much as to a local audience , " said Hoffman .
" Whether truthful or not , they serve the group 's own propaganda purposes . "
Times Square was shut down for 10 hours following the discovery of the bomb at 6.30 pm local time on Saturday .
Detectives took to the stage at the end of Broadway musicals to ask for witnesses to any suspicious activity .
Thousands of tourists were prevented from returning to their hotels in the densely crowded district .
On Monday , Times Square was returning to normal with hotdog stalls back in place , traffic squeezing through narrow gaps and almost every street reopened .
The Denver City Council is poised to pay $ 40,000 to settle a federal lawsuit that contends police brutalized a man after mistaking him for someone who had caused a disturbance at a LoDo nightclub .
Eric Winfield , 29 , of Denver said the late - night incident on Oct. 27 , 2007 , began with him going to a downtown bar to watch a World Series game between the Colorado Rockies and the Boston Red Sox .
The graphic designer and artist said the night ended hours later , about 1:45 a.m. , when police unnecessarily attacked him , leaving him with a broken nose , lacerations to his face , chipped teeth , two black eyes , a broken blood vessel in one eye and bruised ribs .
“ People need to realize it can happen to them , ” Winfield said in an interview .
“ These police officers are just horrible at their jobs .
If they would have done two and a half minutes of police work , nothing would have happened , and I would have just gone home that night , and I would have two and a half years of my life back . ”
The city lawyers , in court filings , agreed that Winfield was passing through the crowd outside Le Rouge nightclub at Market and 14th streets and had not been a patron .
The Denver City Council on Monday will vote on the recommendation from the city attorney ’s office that it settle the lawsuit for $ 40,000 .
The city ’s lawyers were not immediately available for comment .
To draw attention to what happened , Winfield ’s sisters established a Facebook page called “ Justice for Eric Winfield . ”
His lawsuit stated that after the baseball game , he went to a friend ’s apartment and then to his sister ’s downtown apartment for a party .
Later , when he was planning to leave downtown , Winfield ended up following a friend through a crowd gathered outside Le Rouge , the lawsuit said .
He was walking through the crowd when a bouncer pointed at him and yelled , “ That ’s him ; he ’s the one , ” prompting the three officers to beat him , according to the lawsuit filed on his behalf by Englewood lawyers Alan Molk and Thomas Helms .
The lawsuit said Officer Antonio Milow punched Winfield in the face .
It said two other officers , Glenn Martin and Thomas Johnston , then joined in , kneeing him in the groin and repeatedly punching him .
Milow , who weighs about 300 pounds , said in a deposition that he acted after Winfield , who weighs 160 pounds , took a swing at him and kneed him in the groin .
Court documents state that one of the other officers , Johnston , did cage fighting as a hobby during his off - duty hours .
Winfield , who denies any aggression , initially was arrested on suspicion of resisting arrest and assaulting an officer .
The charges later were dismissed .
The lawsuit said he suffered nerve damage in his wrists because officers repeatedly refused to loosen the handcuffs .
It also states that he was taken by ambulance to Denver Health Medical Center , where he was handcuffed to a gurney for several hours before he received 10 stitches in his head .
Christopher N. Osher : 303-954-1747 or cosher@denverpost.com
Just Foreign Policy News
April 5 , 2010
Support the work of Just Foreign Policy :
Please donate what you can to support our work .
https://www.justforeignpolicy.org/donate.html
Wikileaks video shows US officials lied about killing of journalists in Iraq
WikiLeaks has released a classified US military video depicting the indiscriminate slaying of over a dozen people in the Iraqi suburb of New Baghdad , including two Reuters news staff .
Since " the incident was investigated and the U.S. military concluded that the actions of the soldiers were in accordance with the law of armed conflict and its own ‘ Rules of Engagement , ’ " this is highly relevant to the question of whether the U.S. military should be believed when it claims it is acting to minimize civilian casualties in Afghanistan .
http://collateralmurder.com/
Urge Congress to Talk About the Human Cost of War
In the next few weeks , Congress is expected to be asked to approve $ 33 billion more for war and occupation in Afghanistan .
Urge your representatives in Congress to use this opportunity to shine a spotlight on the human cost of continuing war and occupation .
https://www.justforeignpolicy.org/act/humancost
Call Congress the Week of April 12 Against the War in Afghanistan
Groups are collaborating in generating calls to Congress against the war , urging : opposition to the war supplemental , support for a military withdrawal timetable , support for a public exit strategy and support for peace negotiations .
Spread the word .
IJDH : Aid Groups Can Do Better in Haiti
With video and a petition , the Institute for Justice and Democracy in Haiti reaches out to the big aid groups , urging them to do better .
[ The link in Friday ’s news did not work for some people ; this should work for all – JFP . ]
http://www.change.org/petitions/view/we_can_do_better_for_haiti_demand_transparency_and_improved_aid_distribution
Highlights of the Afghanistan Debate
https://www.justforeignpolicy.org/video/housedebate
Summary :
U.S. / Top News
1 ) After initially denying involvement in the deaths of three Afghan women during a Special Operations night raid in February , the US military command in Kabul admitted Sunday its forces had killed the women during the raid , the New York Times reports .
In a statement soon after the raid , NATO had claimed that its raiding party had stumbled upon the " bodies of three women who had been tied up , gagged and killed " and hidden in a room in the house .
But the Times of London reported Sunday that Afghan investigators determined that US forces not only killed the women but had also " dug bullets out of their victims ’ bodies " and then " washed the wounds with alcohol before lying to their superiors about what happened . "
A NATO official said the Afghan - led investigation team alerted US and NATO commanders that the inquiry had found signs of evidence tampering .
Special Operations attacks are blamed for a large proportion of the civilian deaths caused by NATO forces .
2 ) Many analysts say there are no good options for the U.S. to punish Afghan President Karzai for his criticism of the U.S. without potentially damaging Western interests , the New York Times reports .
At a meeting with Afghan parliamentarians Saturday , Karzai stepped up his anti-Western statements , according to a Parliament member who attended .
" If you and the international community pressure me more , I swear that I am going to join the Taliban , " Karzai reportedly said .
Analysts suggest the US has three options : threaten to withdraw troops or actually withdraw them ; use diplomacy , which so far has had little result ; and find ways to expand citizen participation in the government , which now has hardly any elected positions at the provincial and district levels .
Greater power sharing faces structural obstacles .
Under the Constitution [ which the U.S. helped put in place and which U.S. officials keep insisting ca n’t be amended – JFP ] provincial governors , local judges , district governors and most other offices are appointive rather than elective .
3 ) Some officials see President Karzai ’s recent " anti-Western " remarks as a rehearsed , intentional move away from the US , the Washington Post reports .
Karzai urged Obama , apparently without success , to publicly support Karzai ’s plans for a " peace jirga , " the planned meeting of tribal elders and political leaders to discuss reconciliation with insurgents , said a senior Afghan official .
4 ) Okinawa Gov. Nakaima conveyed anew to Japanese Defense Minister Kitazawa his opposition to the relocation of U.S. Marine Corps Air Station Futenma within Okinawa , saying this would be " difficult " to realize amid growing calls from local residents to relocate the base someplace else , Kyodo News reports .
" People of Okinawa strongly wish ( that the base ) be transferred out of the prefecture , and their movement has been gaining momentum , " Nakaima told reporters .
The governor also told Kitazawa it would be difficult to pursue an idea currently being studied by the government to build a heliport and fill in a shallows to accommodate Futenma ’s operations in the prefecture .
5 ) Recent moves towards greater democracy in Pakistan have elicited little praise in the United States , notes Juan Cole on his blog .
Cole suggests that this is because the U.S. can claim little credit for them , and indeed has obstructed them .
Afghanistan
6 ) German troops fired on Afghan soldiers Friday , killing six , the New York Times reports .
The German military said the Afghan soldiers were in civilian cars , but the Afghan Defense Ministry and the governor of Kunduz said that the soldiers were riding in military vehicles and that they were on their way to give logistical support to their Afghan comrades who had been fighting alongside the Germans .
Israel / Palestine
7 ) A Gaza border official says Israel has allowed a commercial shipment of shoes and clothes into the blockaded Palestinian territory for the first time since 2007 , AP reports .
The official said 10 truckloads of shoes and clothes entered Gaza Sunday .
He said many of the goods were damaged after more than two years in storage .
Egypt
8 ) An Egyptian official says police have released the owner of a publishing house which printed copies of a book that called for political change and praised Mohammed ElBaradei , the Nobel Peace Prize winner and former head of the U.N. nuclear agency .
Ahmed Mahanna was released Sunday , a day after his home and business were raided .
Colombia
9 ) A Colombian government official says about 2000 bodies are buried in a mass grave discovered last year outside a Colombian army base , reports Dan Kovalik on the Huffington Post .
Some Colombian human rights groups suspect that the bodies were civilian victims of the military , which could double the death toll of the " false positives " scandal .
Contents :
U.S. / Top News
1 ) U.S. Admits Role in Killing of Afghan Women
Richard A. Oppel Jr. , New York Times , April 5 , 2010
http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/06/world/asia/06afghan.html
Kabul , Afghanistan – After initially denying involvement or any cover -up in the deaths of three Afghan women during a badly bungled American Special Operations assault in February , the American - led military command in Kabul admitted late on Sunday that its forces had , in fact , killed the women during the nighttime raid .
The admission immediately raised questions about what really happened during the Feb. 12 operation – and what falsehoods followed – including a new report that Special Operations forces dug bullets out of the bodies of the women to hide the nature of their deaths .
A NATO official also said Sunday that an Afghan - led team of investigators had found signs of evidence tampering at the scene , including the removal of bullets from walls near where the women were killed .
On Monday , however , a senior NATO official denied that any tampering had occurred .
The disclosure could not come at a worse moment for the American military : NATO officials are struggling to contain fallout from a series of tirades against the foreign military presence by the Afghan president , Hamid Karzai , who has also railed against the killing of civilians by Western forces .
Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal , the American and NATO commander in Afghanistan , has tried hard , and with some success , to reduce civilian casualties through new rules that include restricting night raids and also bringing Special Operations forces under tighter control .
But botched Special Operations attacks – which are blamed for a large proportion of the civilian deaths caused by NATO forces – continue to infuriate Afghans and create support for the Taliban .
NATO military officials had already admitted killing two innocent civilians – a district prosecutor and a local police chief – during the raid , on a home near Gardez in southeastern Afghanistan .
The two men were shot to death when they came out of their home , armed with Kalashnikov rifles , to investigate .
Three women also died that night at the same home :
One was a pregnant mother of 10 and another was a pregnant mother of six .
NATO military officials had suggested that the women were actually stabbed to death – or had died by some other means – hours before the raid , an explanation that implied that family members or others at the home might have killed them .
Survivors of the raid called that explanation a cover - up and insisted that American forces killed the women .
Relatives and family friends said the bloody raid followed a party in honor of the birth of a grandson of the owner of the house .
On Sunday night the American - led military command in Kabul issued a statement admitting that " international forces " were responsible for the deaths of the women .
Officials have previously stated that American Special Operations forces and Afghan forces conducted the operation .
[ …]
The admission was an abrupt about - face .
In a statement soon after the raid , NATO had claimed that its raiding party had stumbled upon the " bodies of three women who had been tied up , gagged and killed " and hidden in a room in the house .
Military officials had also said later that the bodies showed signs of puncture and slashing wounds from a knife , and that the women appeared to have been killed several hours before the raid .
And in what could be a scandalous turn to the investigation , The Times of London reported Sunday night that Afghan investigators also determined that American forces not only killed the women but had also " dug bullets out of their victims ’ bodies in the bloody aftermath " and then " washed the wounds with alcohol before lying to their superiors about what happened . "
[ …]
In an interview , a NATO official said the Afghan - led investigation team alerted American and NATO commanders that the inquiry had found signs of evidence tampering .
A briefing was given by investigators to General McChrystal and other military officials in late March .
" There was evidence of tampering at the scene , walls being washed , bullets dug out of holes in the wall , " the NATO official said , adding that investigators " could n’t find bullets from the wounds in the body . "
[…] NATO officials have also rejected allegations that the killings were covered up .
But it was not immediately clear on Sunday night how troops who shot the women and later examined their bodies would not have recognized that it was their bullets that killed them .
2 ) Karzai Steps Up Attacks On NATO , Boxing In The West
Alissa J. Rubin , New York Times , April 4 , 2010
http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/05/world/asia/05karzai.html
Kabul , Afghanistan – As President Hamid Karzai made more antagonistic statements over the weekend toward the NATO countries fighting on behalf of his government , the West was taking stock of just how little maneuvering room it has .
There are no good options on the horizon , many analysts say , for reining in Mr. Karzai or for penalizing him , without potentially damaging Western interests .
The reluctant conclusion of diplomats and Afghan analysts is that for now , they are stuck with him .
Many fear the relationship is only likely to become worse , as Mr. Karzai draws closer to allies like Iran and China , whose interests are often at odds with those of the West , and sounds sympathetic enough to the Taliban that he could spur their efforts , helping their recruitment and further destabilizing the country .
" The political situation is continuing to deteriorate ; Karzai is flailing around , " said a Western diplomat in Kabul with long experience in the region .
" At the moment we are propping up an unstable political structure , and I have n’t seen any remotely plausible plan for building consensus . "
The tensions between the West and Mr. Karzai flared up publicly last Thursday , when Mr. Karzai accused the West and the United Nations of perpetrating fraud in the August presidential election and described the Western military coalition as coming close to being seen as invaders who would give the insurgency legitimacy as " a national resistance . "
Despite a conciliatory phone call to Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton on Friday , his comments over the weekend only expanded the discord .
On Saturday , Mr. Karzai met with about 60 members of Parliament , mostly his supporters , and berated them for having rejected his proposed new election law .
Among other things , the proposal would have given him the power to appoint all the members of the Electoral Complaints Commission , who are currently appointed by the United Nations , the Afghan Supreme Court and the Afghanistan Independent Human Rights Commission .
The Electoral Complaints Commission , which reviews allegations of voting fraud and irregularities , documented the fraud that deprived Mr. Karzai of an outright victory in the presidential election .
At the meeting , Mr. Karzai stepped up his anti-Western statements , according to a Parliament member who attended but spoke on condition of anonymity .
" If you and the international community pressure me more , I swear that I am going to join the Taliban , " Mr. Karzai said , according to the Parliament member .
[ …]
Interviews with diplomats , Afghan analysts and ordinary Afghans suggest that the United States and other Western countries have three options : threaten to withdraw troops or actually withdraw them ; use diplomacy , which so far has had little result ; and find ways to expand citizen participation in the government , which now has hardly any elected positions at the provincial and district levels .
Threatening to withdraw , which Stephen Biddle , a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations , called the " nuclear deterrent " option , would put the United States and other Western countries in the position of potentially having to make good on the promise , risking their strategic interest in a stable Afghanistan .
Few experts think the country would remain peaceful without a significant foreign force here .
Moreover , withdrawal could open the way for the country to again become a terrorist haven .
[ …]
Greater power sharing , while promising , faces structural obstacles .
Under the Constitution , provincial governors , local judges , district governors and most other offices are appointive rather than elective .
In some areas , Afghan and American programs have begun to involve communities in local budgeting , but progress is slow and it would probably take several years to expand it to higher levels of government .
[…]
3 ) Karzai’s Defiant Stance Concerns U.S. , Afghan Officials
Joshua Partlow , Washington Post , Monday , April 5 , 2010 ; A06
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/04/04/AR2010040402671.html
Kabul – President Obama ’s visit to Kabul last week , intended in part to forge a closer working relationship with President Hamid Karzai , has helped produce the opposite : an angry Afghan leader now attacking the West for what he perceives as an effort to manipulate him and weaken his rule .
Karzai ’s relationship with his U.S. backers in the past week has taken a sharp turn for the worse after his two anti-Western speeches in three days , remarks that some officials see as a rehearsed , intentional move away from the United States .
In remarks to parliament members Saturday , Karzai said that if foreign interference in his government continues , the Taliban would become a legitimate resistance – one that he might even join , according to lawmakers present .
[ …]
Obama ’s visit was far from the only aggravation for Karzai in a partnership that has simmered with mistrust since the Afghan leader narrowly won reelection last year .
But it helped propel him to his new antagonistic stance , according to Afghan and U.S. officials .
Karzai wanted Obama to publicly praise his plans for a " peace jirga , " the planned meeting of tribal elders and political leaders to discuss reconciliation with insurgents , said the senior Afghan official , who requested anonymity in order to speak candidly .
Karzai also wanted support for his views on how to reform the electoral law ahead of parliamentary elections in September .
[ …] Karzai ’s first speech on Thursday harshly criticized foreigners and the United Nations for conspiring to weaken his government and accused foreign embassies of orchestrating the voting fraud .
This caused a diplomatic uproar that was quelled only during Karzai ’s phone call to Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton the next day , in which he expressed his commitment to their partnership .
But the next day , Karzai told a gathering of lawmakers that foreign interference fuels the insurgency .
One lawmaker said Karzai made the point that if he is compelled to obey foreigners , " I ’ll join the Taliban . "
" I know he ’s cooperating with the U.S. , but he just wants to give us a wrong perception .
He ’s trying to prove himself as a hero , a nationalist , " the lawmaker said .
[…]
4 ) Gov. Nakaima Again Says No Futenma Relocation Within Okinawa
Kyodo News , Saturday , April 3 , 2010
http://search.japantimes.co.jp/cgi-bin/nn20100403a5.html
Okinawa Gov. Hirokazu Nakaima conveyed anew Friday to Defense Minister Toshimi Kitazawa his opposition to the relocation of U.S. Marine Corps Air Station Futenma within the prefecture , saying this would be " difficult " to realize amid growing calls from local residents to relocate the base someplace else .
" People of Okinawa strongly wish ( that the base ) be transferred out of the prefecture , and their movement has been gaining momentum , " Nakaima told reporters after meeting with Kitazawa at a Tokyo hotel .
" I told the minister there is a difference in the mood between Tokyo and Okinawa . "
The governor also told Kitazawa it would be difficult to pursue an idea currently being studied by the government to build a heliport and fill in a shallows to accommodate Futenma ’s operations in the prefecture .
5 ) Pakistan Moves Further Toward Democracy ; Could become a Role Model for Other Muslim states
Juan Cole , Informed Comment , Saturday , April 3 , 2010
http://www.juancole.com/2010/04/pakistan-moves-further-toward-democracy.html
The Pakistani government on Friday tabled a proposed 18th amendment to the constitution , which if enacted will be an enormous advance toward democratization in the country .
[ …]
But US hawks and Neoconservatives are not celebrating this epochal bill in Pakistan .
I ask myself why .
I think it is because Neoconservatism and the arguments of all those who favor democratization at the barrel of a gun are fundamentally Orientalist in character .
In some ways they go back to Karl Marx , who in his journalism on India argued that the capitalist British Empire was necessary to shake Indian villages out of their millennia - long sluggishness , from which they could never escape on their own .
During the past 3 years , the Pakistani public has demonstrated repeatedly and on a large scale in favor of the rule of law and the reinstatement of the Supreme Court justices dismissed by dictator Gen. Musharraf .
Mind you , they are making a case for civil law and the civil supreme court , not for sharia or Islamic law .
They voted in the center - left Pakistan People ’s Party in February 2008 , and the return to parliamentary rule ultimately , in August 2008 , allowed the political parties to unite to toss out of office Gen .
Musharraf , who had had himself declared a civilian ‘ president ’ and was in danger of being impeached for alleged corruption .
That is , the Pakistani public has conducted a ‘ color revolution ’ of its own , in the teeth of opposition or skittishness in Washington , and managed to overturn a military dictatorship that had been backed to the hilt by Bush - Cheney , restoring parliamentary governance .
This bill will take that process even further .
The president will lose the power , so abused in the 1990s , to dismiss the prime minister at will .
Presidents will not be able to prorogue or cancel parliament .
They wo n’t be able to unilaterally appoint the Chief of Staff .
The legislative reforms in Pakistan will also give more autonomy to the provinces within the Pakistani federal system .
The long - suffering Pashtun people ( unfairly branded as all ‘ Taliban ’ by some observers ) will finally get a provincial name recognizing them , as Punjab , Sindh and Baluchistan recognize their majority ethnicities .
But none of these achievements is being praised by the right of center US press or the liberal imperialists .
That is because the United States did not spur these developments .
The Pakistani public ( including humble street crowds ) did it themselves , and if anything the US was nervous about losing its favorite military dictator and terrified that democracy would bring instability or provide an opening for the Taliban to take over the country .
[…]
Afghanistan
6 ) 6 Afghans Die As Their Unit Is Hit In Error By Germans
Alissa J. Rubin and Sangar Rahimi , New York Times , April 3 , 2010
http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/04/world/asia/04afghan.html
Kabul , Afghanistan – A contingent of Afghan reinforcements delivering supplies to a German military base was mistakenly fired on by German troops , and six Afghan soldiers were killed , officials said Saturday .
The friendly fire killings on Friday were the second deadly setback for allied troops in a bloody day in Kunduz Province , in northeastern Afghanistan .
Three German soldiers were killed in a Taliban attack earlier in the day .
The German military said that the Afghan soldiers were in civilian cars , but the Afghan Defense Ministry and the governor of Kunduz said that the soldiers were riding in military vehicles and that they were on their way to give logistical support to their Afghan comrades who had been fighting alongside the Germans .
[…]
Israel / Palestine
7 ) Israel allows commercial goods into blockaded Gaza
Associated Press , Monday , April 5 , 2010 ; 5:06 AM
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/04/05/AR2010040500983.html
Gaza City , Gaza Strip – A Gaza border official says Israel has allowed a commercial shipment of shoes and clothes into the blockaded Palestinian territory for the first time since 2007 .
Raed Fattouh says 10 truckloads of shoes and clothes entered the Hamas - run strip Sunday .
He says many of the goods were damaged after more than two years in storage .
It was the first non-humanitarian shipment of such items , though an Israeli army spokesman says Israel allows such items into Gaza occasionally as part of U.N. - coordinated aid shipments .
Gaza has been under a strict Israeli and Egyptian blockade since Hamas seized control of the area in 2007 .
There are shortages of many basic goods and merchants rely on smuggling tunnels under the Egyptian border .
Egypt
8 ) Egypt police release publisher of book
Hadeel al - Shalchi , Associated Press , Sunday , April 4 , 2010 ; 2:09 PM
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/04/04/AR2010040401950.html
Cairo –
An Egyptian official says police have released the owner of a publishing house which printed copies of a book that called for political change and praised the former head of the U.N. nuclear agency .
Ahmed Mahanna , owner of Dawin publishing , was released Sunday , a day after his home and business were raided .
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because he was n’t authorized to speak to the media .
Mahanna published the book , " ElBaradei and the Dream of a Green Revolution , " which places hope for political change on Mohammed ElBaradei , the Nobel Peace Prize winner .
Since returning this year , ElBaradei has spoken forcefully for constitutional changes to make Egypt ’s elections freer and fairer .
Colombia
9 ) U.S. and Colombia Cover Up Atrocities Through Mass Graves
Dan Kovalik , Huffington Post , April 1 , 2010 09:22 AM
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/dan-kovalik/us-colombia-cover-up-atro_b_521402.html
The biggest human rights scandal in years is developing in Colombia , though you would n’t notice it from the total lack of media coverage here .
The largest mass grave unearthed in Colombia was discovered by accident last year just outside a Colombian Army base in La Macarena , a rural municipality located in the Department of Meta just south of Bogota .
The grave was discovered when children drank from a nearby stream and started to become seriously ill .
These illnesses were traced to runoff from what was discovered to be a mass grave – a grave marked only with small flags showing the dates ( between 2002 and 2009 ) on which the bodies were buried .
According to a February 10 , 2010 letter issued by Alexandra Valencia Molina , Director of the regional office of Colombia ’s own Procuraduria General de la Nacion – a government agency tasked to investigate government corruption – approximately 2,000 bodies are buried in this grave .
The Colombian Army has admitted responsibility for the grave , claiming to have killed and buried alleged guerillas there .
However , the bodies in the grave have yet to be identified .
Instead , against all protocol for handling the remains of anyone killed by the military , especially those of guerillas , the bodies contained in the mass grave were buried there secretly without the requisite process of having the Colombian government certify that the deceased were indeed the armed combatants the Army claims .
And , given the current " false positive " scandal which has enveloped the government of President Alvaro Uribe and his Defense Minister , Juan Manuel Santos , who is now running to succeed Uribe as President , the Colombian Army ’s claim about the mass grave is especially suspect .
This scandal revolves around the Colombian military , most recently under the direction of Juan Manuel Santos , knowingly murdering civilians in cold blood and then dressing them up to look like armed guerillas in order to justify more aid from the United States .
According to the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights , Navi Pilay , this practice has been so " systematic and widespread " as to amount to a " crime against humanity . "
And sadly , when Ms. Pilay made this statement , she literally did not know the half of it .
To date , not factoring in the mass grave , it has been confirmed by Colombian government sources that 2,000 civilians have fallen victim to the " false positive " scheme since President Uribe took office in 2002 .
If , as suspected by Colombian human rights groups , such as the " Comision de Derechos Humanos del Bajo Ariari " and the " Colectivo Orlando Fals Borda , " the mass grave in La Macarena contains 2,000 more civilian victims of this scheme , then this would bring the total of those victimized by the " false positive " scandal to at least 4,000 - much worse than originally believed .
That this grave was discovered just outside a Colombian military base overseen by U.S. military advisers – the U.S. having around 600 military advisers in that country – is especially troubling , and raises serious questions about the U.S. ’s own conduct in that country .
In addition , this calls into even greater question the propriety of President Obama ’s agreement with President Alvaro Uribe last summer to grant the U.S. access to 7 military bases in that country .
The Colombian government and military are scrambling to contain this most recent scandal , and possibly through violence .
Thus , on March 15 , 2010 , Jhonny Hurtado , a former union leader and President of the Human Rights Committee of La Cantina , and an individual who was key in revealing the truth about this mass grave , was assassinated as soldiers from Colombia ’s 7th Mobile Brigade patrolled the area .
Just prior to his murder , Jhonny Hurtado told a delegation of British MPs visiting Colombia that he believed the mass grave at La Macarena contained the bodies of innocent people who had been " disappeared . "
The discovery of this mass grave by sheer accident raises the prospect that there are more yet to be found .
Certainly , it is the consensus of human rights groups in Colombia that this is only be the tip of the iceberg .
In any case , the discovery of this grave , on top of the large magnitude of the " false positive " scandal already known , justifies a serious rethinking of U.S. policy toward Colombia – a policy pursuant to which the U.S. has sent over $ 7 billion of military aid to Colombia since 2000 and still counting .
This policy , which President Obama is only deepening , has continued the U.S. ’s long - standing practice of giving the most military aid to the worst human rights abusers .
The time is way overdue for this practice to end .
–
Robert Naiman
Just Foreign Policy
www.justforeignpolicy.org
Just Foreign Policy is a membership organization devoted to reforming US foreign policy so it reflects the values and interests of the majority of Americans .
Did the discovery of cooking make us human ?
By Clare Kingston
BBC Horizon
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Cooking is something we all take for granted but a new theory suggests that if we had not learned to cook food , not only would we still look like chimps but , like them , we would also be compelled to spend most of the day chewing .
Without cooking , an average person would have to eat around five kilos of raw food to get enough calories to survive .
The daily mountain of fruit and vegetables would mean a six - hour chewing marathon .
It is already accepted that the introduction of meat into our ancestors ' diet caused their brains to grow and their intelligence to increase .
Meat - a more concentrated form of energy - not only meant bigger brains for our ancestors , but also an end to the need to devote nearly all their time to foraging to maintain energy levels .
As a consequence , more time was available for social structure to develop .
' Accident ' Harvard Professor Richard Wrangham believes there is more to it than simply discovering meat .
Australopithecus was ape - like but walked upright like humans
He thinks that it is not so much a change in the ingredients of our diet , but the way in which we prepare them that has caused the radical evolution of our species .
" I think cooking is arguably the biggest increase in the quality of the diet in the whole of the history of life , " he says .
" Our ancestors most probably dropped food in fire accidently .
They would have found it was delicious and that set us off on a whole new direction . "
To understand how and when our bodies changed , we need to take a closer look at what our ancestors ate by studying the fossil records .
Our earliest ancestor was the ape - like Australopithecus .
Australopithecus had a large belly containing a big large - intestine , essential to digest the robust plant matter , and had large , flat teeth which it used for grinding and crushing tough vegetation .
None the less , it was Australopithecus that moved out of the trees and onto the African savannah , and started to eat the animals that grazed there .
And it was this change of habitat , lifestyle and diet that also prompted major changes in anatomy .
Bigger brain
The eating of meat ties in with an evolutionary shift 2.3 million years ago resulting in a more human - looking ancestor with sharper teeth and a 30 % bigger brain , called Homo habilis .
The brain consumes 20 % of a person 's energy while sitting
The most momentous shift however , happened 1.8 million years ago when Homo erectus - our first " truly human " ancestor arrived on the scene .
Homo erectus had an even bigger brain , smaller jaws and teeth .
Erectus also had a similar body shape to us .
Shorter arms and longer legs appeared , and gone was the large vegetable - processing gut , meaning that Erectus could not only walk upright , but could also run .
He was cleverer and faster , and - according to Professor Wrangham - he had learned how to cook .
" Cooking made our guts smaller , " he says .
" Once we cooked our food , we did n't need big guts .
" They 're costly in terms of energy .
Individuals that were born with small guts were able to save energy , have more babies and survive better . "
Professor Peter Wheeler from Liverpool John Moores University and his colleague , Leslie Aiello , think it was this change in our digestive system that specifically allowed our brains to get larger .
Energy transfer Cooking food breaks down its cells , meaning that our stomachs need to do less work to liberate the nutrients our bodies need .
This , says
Wheeler , " freed up energy which could then be used to power a larger brain .
The increase in brain - size mirrors the reduction in the size of the gut . "
Significantly Wheeler and Aiello found that the reduction in the size of our digestive system was exactly the same amount that our brains grew by - 20 % .
Professor Stephen Secor at the University of Alabama found that not only does cooked food release more energy , but the body uses less energy in digesting it .
He uses pythons as a model for digestion as they stay still for up to six days while digesting a meal .
This makes them the perfect model as the only energy they expend is on digestion .
His research shows that pythons use 24 % less energy digesting cooked meat , compared with raw .
So being human might all be down to energy .
Cooking is essentially a form of pre-digestion , which has transferred energy use from our guts to our brains .
According to Professors Wheeler and Wrangham and their colleagues , it is no coincidence that humans - the cleverest species on earth - are also the only species that cooks .
Horizon : Did Cooking Make Us Human ? will be shown on Tuesday , 2 March 2010 , at 2100 GMT on BBC Two .
It will be available for seven days after that from the BBC iPlayer
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Dear Cecil :
What 's the effectiveness of a polygraph ?
Police departments still use them , and the feds still screen applicants using polygraphs , but the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled them invalid .
Surely they can't tell if you 're lying , and surely not all lies produce the exact same physiological response in every person .
Rob
Cecil replies :
Lie -detector tests are n’t completely worthless .
How ’s that for an endorsement ?
The polygraph , the most common lie-detection instrument , works on the assumption that the body reacts involuntarily to the stress of lying .
It measures reactions such as changes in skin conductance , pulse rate , blood pressure , and breathing while the subject is asked a series of questions .
The questioning process can take several forms .
One early version was the “ relevant - irrelevant ” technique , which mixed queries like “ Did you murder [ name of victim ] ? ” in with stuff like “ Is today Tuesday ? ”
Lies in response to the relevant questions would supposedly make the needles jump .
The problem with this approach was that in such a context even an unfounded accusatory question could be stressful , producing a false positive .
The “ comparison question ” technique tries to get around this problem by making all the queries accusatory .
In a sex - crime investigation , for instance , a suspect might be asked embarrassing control questions such as “ Have you ever committed a sexual act you were ashamed of ? ” along with questions pertaining more directly to the case .
The idea , which has a certain devious ingenuity , is that the innocent will show a greater response to the control questions ( either because they ’re lying or simply flustered ) , whereas the guilty will show a greater response to the pertinent questions ( which for them are more consequential ) .
The “ guilty knowledge ” testing method tries to discover whether a subject is privy to inside info about a case — things that only someone involved would know about .
For example , suspects might be shown assorted photos of guns to see how they respond to the one that happens to show the murder weapon .
Besides investigation of crimes and the like , the other big use for polygraphs is general screening by employers looking to weed out iffy job applicants or catch workers in otherwise undetected wrongdoing .
Pre-employment screening is common in law enforcement : one study found nearly two - thirds of agencies administered polygraph exams to applicants and rejected about 25 percent based on polygraph results alone .
Do the tests work ?
Depends how you define work .
Probably the most comprehensive look at polygraph accuracy is a 2003 report from the National Academy of Sciences .
After examining 57 polygraph studies the NAS concluded : “ In populations of examinees such as those represented in the polygraph research literature , untrained in countermeasures , specific - incident polygraph tests can discriminate lying from truth telling at rates well above chance , though well below perfection . ”
Their analysis of the 30 most recent polygraph data sets showed an overall accuracy of 85 percent , and an analysis of seven field studies involving specific incidents showed a median accuracy of 89 percent .
For screening purposes , though , the NAS found polygraph tests had too high a margin of error to be genuinely informative .
If you made your criteria loose enough to catch most of the bad guys , you were overwhelmed with false positives ; if you raised the bar enough to thin out the false positives , you missed too many bad guys .
And what about those countermeasures the NAS mentioned ?
Yeah , that ’s a problem too .
Because polygraph tests rely on physical reactions , if you can control or mask your reactions at key moments in the questioning , you may be able to throw off the readings enough to produce an inconclusive result .
Countermeasure techniques are surprisingly simple : they include discreet physical motions like pressing your toes against the floor or biting your tongue and mental tasks like silently counting backwards from 1,000 by sevens .
The goal is to increase your baseline stress level enough to hide any revealing spikes .
If polygraphs are so fallible , why use them at all ?
In part because testing can intimidate people into confessing , deter bad behavior , and create an impression ( however misleading ) of vigilance .
In other words : security theater .
Heeding the NAS report , in 2006 the U.S. Department of Energy stopped blanket screening of its existing and prospective employees .
Polygraph tests are now saved for specified instances — say , if someone fails to report a relationship with a foreign power .
Advocates of lie - detector tests foresee the day when technological advances will improve accuracy to the point where test results could be admitted as evidence .
Much attention has been paid in recent years to functional magnetic resonance imaging , or fMRI .
In its simplest form , fMRI lie detection works by scanning your brain to find out which areas are most active while you ’re being grilled ; supposedly lying and truth - telling cause different areas to light up .
No doubt due to the impracticality of using multimillion - dollar machines for everyday criminal interrogations , there have n’t been many large - scale studies of fMRI accuracy .
But the ones I ’ve found show an accuracy rate of 76 to 92 percent — to be generous , about the same as you get with old - fashioned equipment at a fraction of the cost .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
Gottatell you :
Not a big fan of the whole scented candle thing .
Never havebeen .
The problem is that these scents they choose for the candles arejust so uninteresting .
Like , I ’m looking at the website for YankeeCandle right now .
Look at these “ top - selling ” scents : Fresh Cut Roses ?
Tropical Fruit ?
Lilac Blossoms ?
Booo -ring !
You might as well just crawlinto your casket right now if you think those are interesting , becausebrother :
You ’re already dead .
Then , look here , they have Beach Vacation AND Beach Walk .
What the hell is the difference !?
What , beach Vacation
just smells like plain beach , and then for Beach Walk they include the
smells of all the soiled condoms and discarded syringes you find washed
up on most beaches ?
Awesome .
But anyway , these scented
candle makers really need to get more creative or they are going to go
out of business .
Luckily I ’ve decided to help them out by compiling
this list of the candle scents I ’d most ( and least ) like to see .
tell you :
Not a big fan of the whole scented candle thing .
Never have
been .
The problem is that these scents they choose for the candles are
just so uninteresting .
Like , I ’m looking at the website for Yankee
Candle right now .
Look at these “ top - selling ” scents : Fresh Cut Roses ?
Tropical Fruit ?
Lilac Blossoms ?
Booo -ring !
You might as well just crawl
into your casket right now if you think those are interesting , because
brother :
You ’re already dead .
Gottatell you :
Not a big fan of the whole scented candle thing .
Never havebeen .
The problem is that these scents they choose for the candles arejust so uninteresting .
Like , I ’m looking at the website for YankeeCandle right now .
Look at these “ top - selling ” scents : Fresh Cut Roses ?
Tropical Fruit ?
Lilac Blossoms ?
Booo -ring !
You might as well just crawlinto your casket right now if you think those are interesting , becausebrother :
You ’re already dead .
Then , look here , they have Beach Vacation AND Beach Walk .
What the hell is the difference !?
What , beach Vacation
just smells like plain beach , and then for Beach Walk they include the
smells of all the soiled condoms and discarded syringes you find washed
up on most beaches ?
Awesome .
But anyway , these scented
candle makers really need to get more creative or they are going to go
out of business .
Luckily I ’ve decided to help them out by compiling
this list of the candle scents I ’d most ( and least ) like to see .
Gasoline
I
do n’t know about you , but I ’m from America , and here , everybody loves
the smell of fresh gas .
And why would n’t they ?
The scent of gas is the
scent of freedom .
The freedom to do whatever you want .
Want to drive a
hundred miles an hour down a residential street ?
You can do it if you
want to .
Molest a kid ?
Go right ahead , you ’re an American .
Fire a
semiautomatic weapon into a crowd of protesters for no apparent reason
at all ?
Why not ?
These actions are your right as a citizen who has
purchased gasoline for an engine .
So that ’s why I’m
petitioning for a gasoline scented candle :
So people from all countries
( and not just American citizens ) can experience the noxious aroma of
combustible carcinogens filling their nasal cavity and reminding them
that they are free .
do n’t know about you , but I ’m from America , and here , everybody lovesthe smell of fresh gas .
And why would n’t they ?
The scent of gas is thescent of freedom .
The freedom to do whatever you want .
Want to drive ahundred miles an hour down a residential street ?
You can do it if youwant to .
Molest a kid ?
Go right ahead , you ’re an American .
Fire asemiautomatic weapon into a crowd of protesters for no apparent reasonat all ?
Why not ?
These actions are your right as a citizen who haspurchased gasoline for an engine .
So that ’s why I ’mpetitioning for a gasoline scented candle :
So people from all countries ( and not just American citizens ) can experience the noxious aroma ofcombustible carcinogens filling their nasal cavity and reminding themthat they are free .
Air Conditioner
Go
on , stick your face right in the vent and smell it .
Smell it .
Smell it !
SMELL IT DAMN YOU !
Oh yeeaah … you like that do n’t you ?
You love it .
That ’s how you get your sick kicks , is n’t it , you sick son of a bitch .
It ’s how you get your jollies .
Go on , smell it some more , you know you
want to .
Do it .
Come on .
Do it .
DO IT !
Mmmm … there …is n’t that
better ?
You just ca n’t get enough can you ?
You ’re insatiable .
Now get
out of my sight .
( So even though I do n’t encourage this
sort of thing , I think air conditioner scented candles would probably
be a pretty good seller . )
Goon , stick your face right in the vent and smell it .
Smell it .
Smell it !
Oh yeeaah … you like that do n’t you ?
You love it .
That ’s how you get your sick kicks , is n’t it , you sick son of a bitch .
It ’s how you get your jollies .
Go on , smell it some more , you know youwant to .
Do it .
Come on .
Do it .
Mmmm… there …is n’t thatbetter ?
You just ca n’t get enough can you ?
You ’re insatiable .
Now getout of my sight .
( So even though I do n’t encourage thissort of thing , I think air conditioner scented candles would probablybe a pretty good seller . )
Dank Basement
You
know what I mean , it ’s the smell you get when you first walk down the
stairs into a dark basement in the summer .
That ’s the smell of dank .
That ’s the smell of mold and mildew clinging to the concrete blocks .
Sometimes I go down there just to have a few lungfulls .
Youknow what I mean , it ’s the smell you get when you first walk down thestairs into a dark basement in the summer .
That ’s the smell of dank .
That ’s the smell of mold and mildew clinging to the concrete blocks .
Sometimes I go down there just to have a few lungfulls .
Sure , inhaling
a bunch of shit like that is probably gonna give me lung polyps in
about 30 years ( or at the very least least bronchitis ) but I still say
it does my old soul well to head down into a basement and have a few
puffs of that subterranean dwarf air .
Old Book
Yes ,
I know they already sell book scented candles .
But the ones they sell
are n’t right .
They smell like NEW books .
Fuck those books ; that is n’t
what I ’m talking about .
I ’m talking about that smell you get from some
ancient book you get from the public library .
Like some Wizard of Oz
book from 1905 or something .
Musty old pages and sort of a hint of some
old lady ’s far - too - flowery perfume .
Yes , I know they already sell book scented candles .
But the ones they sellare n’t right .
They smell likebooks .
Fuck those books ; that is n’twhat I ’m talking about .
I ’m talking about that smell you get from someancient book you get from the public library .
Like some Wizard of Ozbook from 1905 or something .
Musty old pages and sort of a hint of someold lady ’s far - too - flowery perfume .
The kind that if you smelled it on
some woman as she whisked by you in the grocery store you ’d cough and
choke , but for some reason when you smell it in a book it makes you go :
“ Mmmm…smells like dead grandmothers . ”
Freshly Opened Tennis Balls
Why should the Creepy Cute patterns get all the love ?
Here 's an expansion pack for my crocheted Manatee pattern .
EDIT : Note that this expansion pack also works with my crocheted Whale pattern
With just a few modifications , you can make your very own Narwhal -- the unicorn of the sea !
( Click the image above to read more )
...or , click here to get your Narwhal ready - made !
Basic Info :
Gauge :
5 sc x 5 rows = 1 " x 1 "
Finished Measurements :
Completed narwhal measures about 5.5 " long and about 2.75 " wide .
Suggested Materials :
US Size E crochet hook , or size required to achieve gauge
Lion Brand Cotton - Ease : Stone
Lion Brand Cotton - Ease : Snow
( or a worsted - weight yarn of your choice .
Yardages required are very minimal .
Much less than a skein per color . )
Needle and thread
Stuffing
Two 1/4 " Buttons or Polymer Clay Eyes
White felt
Making the pieces :
Body :
Make 1 using gray yarn
Start with Manatee or Whale pattern , but replace Row 10 of Body with :
Row 10 : sc 4 in back loops only , sc 14 , sc 4 in back loops only , sc 8 { 30 sts}
If working from the Manatee pattern :
Work Rows 11 through 18 as written in the original Manatee pattern , then replace Rows 19 through 23 as follows :
Row 19 : sc 4 , ch 5 , sc 4 in chain , sc 6 , ch 5 , sc 4 in chain , sc 2
Row 20 : [ sl st 1 , ch 1 , dc 1 , tr 2 , dc 1 , hdc 1 , sl st 2 , hdc 1 , dc 1 , tr 2 , dc 1 , ch 1 , sl st 1 ] twice , fasten off
If working from the Whale pattern , work Rows 11 through 20 as written
Replace the flippers ( Rows 24 through 28 of the Manatee Body pattern , or Rows 21 through 25 of the Whale pattern ) as follows :
Join in the first open loop from the " sc 4 in back loops only " , ch4 , 3 tr cluster over next three loops , ch 4 , clean fasten off
============================
Tusk :
Make 1 using white yarn
Round 1 : sc 6 in magic ring , continue in a spiral { 6}
Rounds 2 though 8 : sc 6 { 6}
sl st 1 , fasten off
Assembly :
Fill body with stuffing just up to the start of the tail .
Whipstitch tail closed using matching yarn .
Chain stitch in white yarn to make the outline for the underbelly .
Tip # 1 : If you have trouble telling which side of the Body is the top and which is the underbelly , the distance between the fins should be shorter on the underside than on the top .
Tip # 2 : To make sure that my chain stitched outline would make a smooth curve , I first pinned a loop of yarn into place to plan out where the outline would go .
I then chain stitched next to the yarn outline .
Cut out a piece of white felt which fits just inside of the chain stitching , and tack it into place with needle and thread .
Tip : I cut my felt in a rough outline , just a little bit larger than the area to fill , and then trimmed it as I stitched to ensure a good fit .
Using needle and thread , tack the Tusk to the front of the Body ( It goes right over the ring from Row 1 of the Body )
Stitch the eyes on either side of the Tusk , about an inch apart .
All done !
Campaign for Innocent Victims in Conflict works on behalf of war victims by advocating that warring parties recognize and help the civilians they harm .
CIVIC supports the principle that it is never acceptable for a warring party to ignore civilian suffering .
In 2005 , CIVIC ’s founder Marla Ruzicka was killed in Iraq by a suicide bomb while advocating for families of victims .
CIVIC honors her legacy and strives to sustain her vision .
If you 'd like some help tracking U.S. activity in Pakistan resulting from the U.S. military presence in Afghanistan , you might be interested in bookmarking this page or signing up under the " Follow " feature to receive email alerts .
FOLLOW EXTRAORDINARY EDITION — Reasons you want to .
1 . You 're interested in U.S. military and intelligence activities in Pakistan and Afghanistan and would like to " follow " what 's happening there .
2 . You only want to read up to four posts a day to maybe three in a week .
3 . You want detailed link , source and author information so you know the media profile of the information you are receiving .
4 . You want to support an endeavor that is strictly dedicated to getting information out about topics included herein that focuses on growth for the sake of reaching interested parties with topics for discussion in your community .
... simply select the " FOLLOW " tab at top left to receive email alerts , and THANK YOU for supporting Extraordinary Edition .
Larry the Whale Joins Surfer Jodie Nelson on Paddle for Breast Cancer
Thanks to a friendly minke whale , surfer Jodie Nelson raised over $ 122,000 for breast cancer in a 40 - mile stand - paddle fundraiser .
Last Sunday , professional surfer Jodie Nelson took to the water for a grueling standup - paddle ride from Santa Catalina Island to Dana Point — a distance of almost 40 miles — as a fundraiser to fight breast cancer for the Keep A Breast Foundation .
The nine - hour paddle was difficult , but during her journey , Nelson received moral support from a completely unexpected source : a 30 - foot minke whale .
The whale , which Nelson nicknamed “ Larry , ” surfaced while she was fighting off exhaustion during her long trip .
And he did n’t just pop his head up once — Larry obviously took a liking to Nelson and her 14 - foot paddleboard , as he decided to splash and roll around her for a full two hours while she paddled .
Providing endless entertainment , Nelson ’s huge new friend made the journey go far more easily .
Although minke whales are n’t often spotted off the coast of Southern California , Nelson believes that Larry visited her for a reason .
“ We prayed at 4 that morning that God would reveal his beauty and creation and nature , and allow me to endure this long trek , so for me it ’s not such a huge surprise that this happened , ” she told Grind TV .
Breast cancer is a cause near and dear to Nelson ’s heart , as both her mother and sister are survivors .
Before Larry ’s arrival , she ’d been disappointed that she ’d only managed to raise $ 6,000 for the Keep A Breast Foundation .
Some of the celebrity endorsements she ’d been counting on had fallen through , and she thought she would fall far short of her $ 100,000 goal .
But Nelson ’s new whale friend could be all the star power she needs .
“ I thought , ‘ I do n’t need so - and - so , ’ ” she .
“ Because I honestly feel like Larry is going to help us reach the $ 100,000 mark with our fundraising effort . ”
Looks like she was right : as of April 5th , Nelson ’s donation page shows over $ 122,500 in contributions .
If you want to contribute even more to the cause , you can make a donation at FirstGiving .
( Larry will thank you for it . )
Brett Favre has been informed he requires surgery on his left ankle to play the upcoming season for the Minnesota Vikings , and the quarterback is deliberating whether to have the procedure or simply to end his 19 - year NFL career by retiring .
Favre , who would turn 41 during the 2010 season , told ESPN the ankle injury that he suffered three months ago in the NFC Championship Game against the New Orleans Saints continues to be swollen and painful .
That prompted tests to determine why healing had not occurred , and Favre sent the results of those scans to orthopedic surgeon Dr. James Andrews , who told the quarterback his opinion that surgery is unavoidable .
" We have spoken , '' Favre said in an e-mail .
" To play again , I would need the surgery , as I suspected .
This decision would be easy if not for my teammates and the fans and the entire Vikings staff .
One year truly felt like 10 -- much like Green Bay for many years .
That 's what I was missing in my heart I suppose , a sense of belonging . ''
Favre said he must determine whether his affection for the Vikings and his belief they are capable of winning the Super Bowl overrides his disdain for surgery .
Favre would not reveal the exact diagnosis or the prognosis on how long it would take to recover from the surgery .
While it previously seemed Favre was almost certain to return to the Vikings , his comments Friday reveal a player who appears to be seriously conflicted .
Favre further addressed his ankle issues on his website , officialbrettfavre.com , after ESPN reported he would need surgery to play .
" While my ankle has been bothering me , the injury is not debilitating , " the statement said .
" For example , I 'm able to work around my property without any problems .
Sure -- certain exercises cause some ankle pain , but it 's nothing that I have n't experienced [ or played with ] before .
In fact , many people do n't realize that I injured my ankle before the NFC Championship Game .
I 've had surgery on this ankle twice before , and I 've played with the pain before .
The hits I took throughout the 2009 season , including the Saints game , just added to the ankle pain and likely caused some bone spurs .
Nearly a year and a half since Lehman , there are now two surprising reasons Wall Street should fear what ultimately comes out of the financial regulation debate .
The first is that it 's still happening .
It has n't died .
People still care , and for politicians , the anti-bank attitude resonates with the public .
That this issue has sustained itself , that Goldman Sachs ( GS ) is still losing money due to public opinion ( see the victory of Morgan Stanley ( MS ) in conducting the Citigroup ( C ) share sales , presumably because the government did n't want to give another gift to the squid ) .
So that alone is a surprise .
The second development is the real potential for anti-bank sentiment on the right .
It 's well - known that Republicans can't oppose financial regulation as easily as they were able to oppose healthcare , but vigorous pro-regulation fervor has n't been in the cards from the right .
And yet here is Arnold Kling in the National Review sounding a lot like Simon Johnson in favor of breaking up big banks .
Here 's the nut of the argument :
It is the political economy that most concerns me .
Freddie Mac ( FRE ) and Fannie Mae ( FNM ) represent everything that is wrong with the politics of big banks .
They acquired lobbying prowess , their decisions were distorted by political concerns , and they were bailed out at taxpayer expense .
All of these developments seem to be inevitable with large financial institutions , and all are deeply troubling to those who value economic freedom .
Unless there are tremendous advantages of efficiency or systemic stability from having large banks , their adverse effect on the political economy justifies breaking them up .
Remember , the big story was not that Fannie and Freddie got bailed out ( they were , in fact , government sponsored entities ) , but that every Wall Street firm besides Lehman turned out to be a GSE .
That 's why the traditional conservative attack , which tends to focus exclusively on Fannie and Freddie is so ridiculous .
More broadly , it's why John Boehner , the head of the Republicans in Congress is an utter fool for telling bankers to fight those " punks " in Congress who want to regulate the banks .
While his base ( tea ) parties in the street , raging against big government , here he is promoting the DC - Wall Street status quo .
He should be realizing that the revolutionary zeal of the right could be channeled into reform .
What the Republicans should be doing is outflanking the Democrats , slamming the Dodd bill as a gigantic sellout that only takes baby steps .
IGNITION ENTERTAINMENT
UNVEILS CO -OPERATIVE
“ BLACK OPS ” MISSIONS FOR DOWNLOADABLE SHOOTER BLACKLIGHT : TANGO DOWN
Zombie Studios ’ Downloadable Unreal - Powered FPS Will Include Co-Operative Play for Up - To - Four Players In Addition To Traditional Competitive Multiplayer Modes
httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JxR-n0bdUWM
GLENDALE , CA – April 19 , 2010 – Ignition Entertainment , a UTV Media Communication Company , and Zombie Studios have announced that Blacklight : Tango Down , the upcoming downloadable first person shooter , will include a full co-operative gameplay component – entitled “ Black Ops ” – in addition to the game ’s already robust line - up of competitive multiplayer game modes .
Blacklight : Tango Down is an AAA - quality first person shooter that will be released exclusively through digital download channels for an expected price of $ 15 .
The game will be released this summer through Xbox LIVE ®
Arcade for the Xbox 360® video game and entertainment system from Microsoft , PlayStation ®Store for PlayStation ®3 computer entertainment system , and on personal computer .
“ With Blacklight : Tango Down , we are raising the bar for what gamers can expect from DLC , with the kind of experience that traditionally is found in a $ 60 , AAA retail game , ” said Ajay Chadha , President of Worldwide Publishing , Ignition Entertainment .
“ Cooperative play is a critical part of today ’s multiplayer experience , and Blacklight : Tango Down will deliver on this fun and dramatic way to play alongside three of your friends .
This kind of elite content is what separates Blacklight : Tango Down from other DLC and makes it the most fully featured downloadable - only shooter available on any console or PC . ”
The cooperative “ Black Ops ” portion of Blacklight : Tango Down is a truly intense and exhilarating experience where players deploy as the Blacklight faction , fighting their way through the dilapidated streets of Balik to confront and defeat soldiers from the opposing faction , The Order .
Black
Ops missions will increase the deep replay value of the game by offering upgrades , character growth and more to those who choose to take the cooperative battle .
Upon completing Black
Ops missions , a player will receive a completion score that varies based on the difficulty setting , overall performance and time the player needed to complete the coop mission .
Players can then replay the scenarios , perfecting their assault , in a quest to reach the top of the Black Ops leader boards , gain additional XP to grow their character , and earn new weapon tags .
About Blacklight : Tango Down
Blacklight : Tango Down is a multiplayer - focused and fast - paced first person shooter based in a new fictional universe called Blacklight that will be available through digital download in summer 2010 .
Utilizing the cutting - edge graphical power of Epic Games ’ Unreal ® Engine 3 , Blacklight : Tango Down ’s near - future setting is brought to life with disturbingly detailed old - world architecture that appears both futuristically alien as well as hauntingly familiar .
Blacklight : Tango Down will deliver some of the most exciting multiplayer action in the shooter category and features numerous gameplay modes , including traditional formats like Deathmatch , Team Deathmatch & Control Point , cooperative play , and other modes that will be announced in the build up to launch .
In addition , Blacklight : Tango Down will set itself apart with its incredibly deep customization , where players can alter and upgrade their character through experience gained on the battlefield , as well as their weapons .
New weapon customizations will unlock as the player gains experience points and will include basic add - ons like sniper scopes as well as complex enhancements , such as items that improve accuracy .
Blacklight : Tango Down is expected to be available exclusively through digital download for an estimated price of $ 15 in summer 2010 .
The game will release through Xbox LIVE ®
Arcade for the Xbox 360® video game and entertainment system from Microsoft , PlayStation ®Store for PlayStation ®3 computer entertainment system , and personal computer .
For more information about Blacklight : Tango Down , please visit the game ’s official website at www.playtangodown.com.
« Apportez - moi deux lignes du plus honnête homme et j’y découvrirai de quoi le faire pendre . »
— Louis-Benoît Picard , inspiré de cette citation attribuée au Cardinal de Richelieu : «
Avec deux lignes d’écriture d’un homme , on peut faire le procès du plus innocent « .
On entend souvent dire que « seuls ceux qui ont quelque chose à se reprocher ont quelque chose à cacher « , remarque « de bon sens » allègrement utilisée par ceux que ne dérangent pas - voire qui défendent - l’extension des mesures , contrôles et lois sécuritaires , et des technologies de surveillance qui leur sont associées .
Il fut un temps où la peine de mort relevait elle aussi du « bon sens « , tout comme auparavant l’interdiction faite aux femmes d’aller voter , ou encore le fait que les « nègres » et « bougnoules » ne pouvaient pas avoir les mêmes droits que ceux qui les avaient colonisés .
L’abolition de la peine de mort , tout comme le droit des femmes à aller voter , sans parler du droit des peuples à l’auto - détermination , ont été adoptés alors même que le « peuple » y était pourtant majoritairement opposé , par des hommes politiques ayant compris qu’il en allait des droits et libertés inhérents à ce que l’on appelle une démocratie .
En attendant de savoir jusqu ’où notre société ira vers une prolifération de « Big Brothers « , ou si nous parviendrons à enrayer cette mécanique infernale , et à trouver les parades et arguments susceptibles de mettre un terme à la parano ïa sécuritaire de ceux qui nous gouvernent .
In fine , ou en résumé : le problème , c’est le voyeur , pas celui dont l’intimité ou la vie privée est ainsi violée .
Les paranoïaques ne sont pas ceux qui s’étonnent d’être surveillés , mais ceux qui veulent surveiller tout le monde à tout prix .
La question n’est pas de savoir si nous avons quelque chose à cacher , mais de renvoyer la question à ceux qui veulent nous « protéger » à l’insu de notre plein gré .
Dans une démocratie , c’est à l’accusation d’apporter les preuves de la culpabilité des suspects , pas à ces derniers d’apporter les preuves de leur innocence .
Le problème des atteintes à la vie privée est éminemment politique , voire idéologique .
Ce qu’il convient de démontrer , et ce que la presse « people » révèle relativement bien , par ailleurs .
Car ce qui pose problème aux « people « , ce n’est pas d’être exposé au regard du public : ils en vivent ; ce qui leur pose problème , c’est l’intrusion dans leur vie privée : ils voudraient juste avoir le « droit d’être laissé seul « , pour reprendre la fameuse définition de la vie privée que donna Louis Brandeis , avocat et membre de Cour suprême des États - Unis , à la fin du XIXe siècle :
« Ceux qui ont rédigé notre constitution entendaient sécuriser les conditions favorables à la poursuite du bonheur .
Ils reconnaissaient l’aspect spirituel de la nature humaine , de ses sentiments et de son intelligence .
Ils savaient que seulement une part des peines , plaisirs et satisfactions de la vie sont à trouver dans les choses matérielles .
Ils cherchaient à protéger les Américains dans leurs croyances , leurs pensées leurs émotions et leurs sensations .
Ils ont donné contre le gouvernement le droit d’être laissé seul – le plus étendu des droits et le plus estimé pour les êtres civilisés »
Quand on cherche , on trouve
« Le secret d’une autorité , quelle qu’elle soit , tient à la rigueur inflexible avec laquelle elle persuade les gens qu’ils sont coupables « .
— Raoul Vaneigem
Il existe de très nombreuses façons d’attenter à la vie privée de quelqu’un , et que même ceux qui n’ont « rien à cacher » peuvent en faire les frais .
Les milliers de Français nés à l’étranger qui , l’an passé , ont connu les pires difficultés pour renouveler leurs papiers , parce que suspectés de fraudes aux titres d’identité par des fonctionnaires tatillons ou suspicieux , devant leur rapporter moult papiers et preuves de filiation et de nationalité , n’avaient rien à cacher .
Ce SDF qui s’est vu refuser le renouvèlement de son RSA , au motif qu’il était trop propre , tout comme cette mère de famille qui a connu pareille mésaventure parce qu’on la soupçonnait de ne plus être célibataire , et qui dut faire le tour de ses voisins pour leur demander de témoigner qu’aucun homme ne vivait chez elle ( la contrôleuse de la CAF vint fouiller ses tiroirs en lui demandant à qui appartenait les petites culottes ) , n’avaient eux non plus rien à se reprocher .
Branly Nsingi , un Congolais de 21 ans résidant en France , parti en vacances en Côte d’Ivoire et qui y est décédé d’une crise cardiaque après que les autorités lui aient refusé de rentrer à Paris parce que son passeport n’était pas biométrique ( le même avait pourtant été validé au départ ) , ou encore ces 32 Marocains placés en rétention , et expulsés , alors qu’ils … rentraient tranquillement chez eux , n’avaient rien fait de mal , ce qui ne les a pas empêchés d’être pris dans la nasse de cette société de surveillance et de son usine à gaz sécuritaire qui renversent la charge de la preuve .
Dans le meilleur des mondes , policiers et gendarmes ne feraient jamais de fautes de frappe au moment de saisir le nom d’un suspect , et de ce dont il a été suspecté , dans leurs fichiers de suspects .
Dans les faits , nombreuses sont les victimes qui sont fichées comme suspectes , sans parler des problèmes d’homonymie , d’absences de mises à jour des fichiers , de détournements de ces fichiers …
En 2008 , la CNIL a ainsi recensé 83 % d’erreurs dans les fichiers policiers qu’elle a été amenés à contrôler .
Dans le meilleur des mondes , ceux qui sont payés pour regarder , toute la journée , les écrans de contrôle des caméras de vidéosurveillance , ne feraient jamais de délit de faciès , et ne se permettraient jamais de zoomer sur les décollettés de ces dames .
Dans les faits , « 15 % du temps passé par les opérateurs devant leurs écrans de contrôle relèverait du voyeurisme , 68 % des noirs qui sont surveillés le sont sans raison spéciale , tout comme 86 % des jeunes de moins de 30 ans , et 93 % des hommes « .
Dans le meilleur des mondes , les employeurs n’espionneraient jamais la vie privée de leurs salariés , pas plus que les époux jaloux , non plus que les parents suspicieux , ne se permettraient d’installer de mouchards dans l’ordinateur ou le téléphone portable de leurs maris , femmes ou enfants .
Sauf que nous ne sommes pas dans le meilleur des mondes , et que si la loi est censée empêcher ce genre de détournement de fichiers et d’atteintes à la vie privée , elle est rarement appliquée , d’autant que ceux qui sont ainsi espionnés , surveillés , à leur insu , sont souvent en situation d’infériorité hiérarchique face à ceux qui abusent ainsi de leurs pouvoirs .
Nombreux sont ceux qui n’ont rien à se reprocher , mais qui , pourtant , se voient suspectés , voire mis en accusation , par des surveillants , contrôleurs et représentants de l’administration ou de l’autorité agissant en-dehors de tout cadre judiciaire .
Dès lors , et non content de ne pas pouvoir être assisté par un avocat , ce n’est , trop souvent hélas , pas à l’administration , à la fois juge et procureur , d’apporter la preuve de votre « culpabilité « , mais à la personne suspectée d’apporter la preuve de son « innocence « …
Ce n’est pas parce que vous n’avez rien à cacher que rien ne vous sera , un jour , reproché .
Quand on cherche , on trouve , toujours .
Vidéosurveiller les chambres à coucher ?
« Si vous n’avez rien à vous reprocher , vous n’avez pas à avoir peur d’être filmés ! »
— Brice Hortefeux .
Le lendemain , LeMonde.
fr publiait la vidéo de son dérapage sur les arabes …
Dans la société de surveillance , de contrôle et de suspicion , le problème , ce n’est pas Orwell , c’est Kafka , ce qu’a très opportunément souligné Daniel Solove , professeur de droit à l’université George Washington , dans un remarquable article intitulé « Je n’ai rien à cacher » , et autres malentendus au sujet de la vie privée , qui a largement inspiré Hubert Guillaud dans son article sur la valeur sociale de la vie privée .
Permettez - moi une remarque « de bon sens « .
En suivant la logique de ceux qui estiment que « seuls ceux qui ont quelque chose à se reprocher ont quelque chose à cacher « , et qu’il faudrait donc tout mettre en oeuvre pour que la peur « change de camp « , le meilleur moyen serait d’installer des caméras … à l’intérieur de nos maisons , appartements , mais également dans les voitures , voire sur nos vêtements , comme l’expliquait brillamment Anastassia Tsoukala , juriste , criminologue , et maître de conférences à Paris XI lors d’une table ronde organisée lors du colloque « Identification et surveillance des individus : quels enjeux pour nos démocraties » au Centre Pompidou , en janvier 2009 :
Le premier argument qui est avancé pour justifier les politiques et les moyens de la vidéosurveillance , c’est l’argument de la sécurité .
Par extension , c’est pour notre bien que nous devons accepter le sacrifice de notre vie privée .
Un corollaire est que ceux qui s’opposent à ce type de technique ont quelque chose à cacher .
Soit .
On peut donc s’attendre à ce qu’on applique la même logique à tous les contextes .
Or il s’avère que toutes les enquêtes de criminologie démontrent clairement que l’espace le plus criminogène , c’est - à- dire où se commet le plus d’infractions dans nos villes contemporaines , ce n’est pas la rue , mais c’est notre domicile et surtout nos chambres à coucher .
C’est là où sont commis les violences conjugales , les cas d’inceste , de viol , de maltraitance d’enfants , etc .
Nous avons là des milliers de victimes réelles , et pas hypothétiques .
Devrions - nous alors au nom de la violation de toute une série de valeurs sociales incontestables ( le droit à la vie , à la famille , à la protection de l’enfance , etc. ) accepter l’installation de caméras de surveillance dans nos chambres à coucher ?
Si on est cohérent , il faudrait dire que oui !
Et ceux qui s’y opposeraient auraient forcément quelque chose à cacher .
Parce qu’on ne peut pas dire que la protection de la pudeur serait un contre - argument efficace pour contre - carrer la protection de toutes ces valeurs sociales .
Tout ça pour dire que les logiques qui lient protection de la sécurité et hausse de la surveillance sont loin d’être évidentes .
Ces questions nous ramènent à notre notion de la vie privée .
La question n’est pas évidente .
Nous avons de multiples perceptions de la vie privée , une surveillance consentie , choisie , et une surveillance imposée , par la police .
Et comme nous n’avons rien à cacher , nous acceptons les Facebook , les blogs , les émissions de télé - réalité , etc. , nous acceptons sans trop de problèmes les pass Navigo , les GPS , les portables , les cartes bleues , mais nous réagissons lorsque nous perdons le contrôle .
Mais là aussi il y a une illusion parce que la majeure partie des informations diffusées sur l’internet ou ailleurs peuvent être récupérées à notre insu , par des acteurs aussi bien publics que privés .
La question est de savoir si nous sommes vraiment sûrs de prendre des décisions en connaissance de cause .
J ’en doute fort : dans la plupart des cas , nous ignorons la plupart des enjeux , et nous pensons , de manière illusoire , que tant que nous contrôlons la diffusion première des informations , nous ne sommes pas en danger .
Des caméras dans des doudous
Allons -y franco : être dotés de caméras filmant , en permanence , l’intégralité de ce que l’on vit rendrait bien plus facile l’identification des voleurs , violeurs , criminels et délinquants .
Et dans la mesure où la majeure partie des actes de pédophilie ont lieu au sein même du cercle familial , et sont souvent le fait du père , d’un oncle , grand - père , d’un entraîneur , prêtre , enseignant ( voire de la mère , aussi ) , le meilleur moyen de combattre la pédophilie serait donc d’équiper tous les enfants ( ou leurs chambres , les gymnases ou les presbytères ) de caméras de vidéosurveillance .
Aucun pays n’a , pour autant , décidé de généraliser à ce point l’installation de caméras de vidéosurveillance , pour la simple et bonne raison que , d’une part cela coûterait trop cher , que d’autre part cela constituerait une atteinte à la vie privée de tous ceux qui ( la majorité des gens ) ne sont pas victimes de crimes ou de viols .
Dans une démocratie , il serait difficile d’imposer des systèmes de vidéosurveillance dans des espaces privés .
Mais dans les espaces publics , rien ne s’y opposerait , et le projet de loi LOPPSI prévoit d’ailleurs explicitement la possibilité , pour l’Etat , d’imposer aux maires récalcitrants l’installation de caméras .
En Grande - Bretagne , 85 % des établissements scolaires seraient équipés de systèmes de vidéosurveillance , et 10 % en auraient même dotés leurs toilettes .
Les services sociaux peuvent par ailleurs placer des familles pauvres et en difficulté dans des appartements vidéosurveillés 24h / 24 afin de s’assurer qu’ils sont capables de s’occuper de leurs enfants .
Aux Etats - Unis , le scandale du WebcamGate a révélé que les webcams des ordinateurs portables confiés à des adolescents par leur lycée pouvaient être activés à distance .
Officiellement , il s’agissait de pouvoir les retrouver en cas de vol .
Dans les faits , le scandale a éclaté après qu’un responsable de l’école ait reproché à un élève de s’être livré à des « pratiques impropres » à son domicile , en lui montrant deux captures d’écran , prises dans sa chambre depuis la webcam , où on le voyait manipuler des pilules qui se sont avérées être des bonbons …
On pourrait également évoquer ces employeurs qui surveillent ce que font leurs employés au moyen du GPS qu’ils leur ont confié , ou par le biais de caméras de vidéosurveillance , mais également de ces parents qui installent des mouchards dans les ordinateurs de leurs adolescents , ou encore des caméras de vidéosurveillance cachées ( y compris dans des doudous ) afin de surveiller les nounous de leurs bébés .
Initialement conçues pour sécuriser un petit nombre d’espaces privatifs particulièrement sensibles afin d’en restreindre les conditions d’accès ( coffre- forts , ambassades et autres établissements officiels … ) , les technologies de surveillance ont envahi l’espace public , et commencent à grignoter nos sphères privées .
Ainsi , dans son rapport sur l’efficacité des systèmes de vidéosurveillance installés sur la voie publique , le ministère de l ’Intérieur mentionnait 18 faits marquants d’élucidation , grâce à la vidéoprotection .
Or , seuls 3 d’entre - eux l’ont été grâce aux caméras contrôlées par le ministère de l ’Intérieur , les autres affaires ayant été résolues grâce à des caméras installées dans des bureaux de tabac , hôtels , banques , supermarchés … le ministère allant même jusqu’à inclure dans ce rapport sur l’efficacité de la vidéosurveillance les images d’une vidéo qu’un particulier avait fait d’un mariage .
La vidéosurveillance permet d’identifier les délinquants : où est le problème ?
Nombreux sont ceux qui justifient l’accroissement de la vidéosurveillance parce qu’elle permettrait de dissuader les délinquants , ou d’identifier les voleurs .
Les études effectuées par des chercheurs indépendants concluent en effet toutes ou presque que la vidéosurveillance est globalement inefficace ou , plus précisément , que les caméras sont généralement aussi efficaces que des « boites en carton peintes en noires sur des poteaux » ( voir aussi cet excellent dossier de Laurent Mucchielli et Tanguy Le Goff , deux des meilleurs spécialistes de la question ) .
Dans certains cas , bien particuliers , elle permet certes de lutter contre la délinquance ( dans les parkings fermés et éclairés , ou bien dans les magasins , par exemple ) , mais il a été démontré que sur la voie publique , il valait mieux investir dans l’éclairage , ou encore en embauchant des gens , plutôt qu’en installant des caméras .
D’une part parce que personne , généralement , ne regarde les écrans de contrôle , que cela ne peut donc servir qu’après coup , et que par ailleurs la mauvaise qualité des images fait qu’il est souvent très difficile , voire impossible , de s’en servir pour identifier criminels et délinquants , d’autant que certains , de plus en plus nombreux , apprennent aussi à relever leurs capuches , ou mettre des casquettes …
D’autre part , la vidéosurveillance ne pourra jamais empêcher un quidam de péter un plomb : la vidéosurveillance peut éventuellement inciter des voleurs à aller voler ailleurs , mais elle n’enraye quasiment jamais les violences physiques , pas plus que les actes pulsionnels : ceux qui pètent un plomb n’ont que faire de la présence de caméras …
Il pètent un plomb , point barre .
Cela fait maintenant 10 ans que je m’intéresse à la question , et je suis arrivé à la conclusion que la vidéosurveillance ne sert principalement qu’à rassurer les gens , et lutter , non pas contre la délinquance ou l' » insécurité « , mais contre le « sentiment d’insécurité » : les caméras permettent à ceux qui les ont installées de montrer qu’ils se sont saisis du problème … quand bien même cela ne change généralement pas grand chose en terme d' » insécurité « .
Ce pour quoi , en résumé , la vidéosurveillance en particulier , et les technologies de surveillance en général , servent en fait d’abord et avant tout à acheter des voix , et être ( ré ) élu lorsqu’elles ont été installées , sur la voie publique , par un élu politique .
La vidéosurveillance permet bien évidemment d’identifier des délinquants : le contraire serait désespérant .
Sauf qu’une fois l’effet de surprise dépassé , ceux qui sont vidéosurveillés apprennent à s’en protéger , et déploient moult tactiques pour s’en prémunir , soit en mettant des casquettes ou capuches pour ne pas être reconnus soit , plus simplement , en allant voler , ou s’embrasser , là où ils ne sont pas surveillés , tout simplement .
La vidéosurveillance ne fait généralement que déplacer le problème , sans pour autant le résoudre .
A contrario , elle peut paradoxalement contribuer à accuser , faussement , un innocent dont le seul tort était d’être au mauvais endroit , au mauvais moment , et qui se retrouvent , acculés , à devoir se justifier , et à démontrer qu’ils sont innocents de ce que la caméra de vidéosurveillance permettrait de supposer qu’ils pourraient éventuellement être coupables d’avoir fait .
La vidéosurveillance sème le doute , et instille de la suspicion , au point que d’aucuns parlent , non pas de « vidéo - protection « , pour reprendre l’expression qu’essaie d’imposer le gouvernement , mais de vidéodiscrimination , arguant notamment du fait que les jeunes hommes de couleur font l’objet de bien plus d’attention que le reste de la population , par les opérateurs de vidéosurveillance .
Enfin , il n’est pas anodin de remarquer que de nombreuses installations de vidéosurveillance ne respectent pas la loi .
En 2001 , Alain Bauer , le « Monsieur vidéosurveillance » en France , reconnaissait lui-même que les 3/ 4 des installations de vidéosurveillance étaient hors la loi , une situation pour le moins paradoxale : prétendre lutter contre ceux qui violent la loi tout en violant la loi n’est pas du meilleur aloi , et jure quelque peu avec l’objectif afficher qui serait de « garantir nos libertés « .
Depuis , Alain Bauer est devenu le principal conseiller ès - insécurité de Nicolas Sarkozy , à la tête de la commission de la vidéosurveillance , qui cherche à récupérer le contrôle de ces systèmes , aux dépens de la CNIL .
Motif : en 1995 , le gouvernement a décidé de placer la vidéosurveillance sous le contrôle des préfets , et donc du ministère de l ’Intérieur .
Dès lors , si ces systèmes sont aussi massivement hors la loi , c’est à cause de ce même ministère de l ’Intérieur .
Et il serait dommage que la CNIL vienne y fourrer son nez , et cherche à faire respecter la loi …
Every logs belong to us
En 2001 , lorsque le gouvernement français décida , suite aux attentats du 11 septembre , de placer l’internet sous surveillance , et de garder la trace , pendant un an , de tout ce qu’y font les internautes , j’écrivais qu ' » on imagine mal un gouvernement faire passer une loi d’exception , au nom d’impératifs de sécurité , stipulant qu’il convient de surveiller tous les faits et gestes de ses concitoyens , obligeant les compagnies de téléphone , ainsi que La Poste , à garder la trace , pendant un an , de qui communique avec qui , et quand , stipulant qu’il convient désormais de se doter d’une caméra de vidéosurveillance dès que l’on franchit la porte de son logis , contraignant les gens à garder la trace , pendant un an , des endroits qu’ils ont visité , des trajets effectués , des personnes rencontrées « .
C’est pourtant ce que le gouvernement français , comme d’autres , a fait : sur l’internet , il est d’autant plus difficile de revendiquer un droit à la vie privée que les traces de tout ce que l’on y fait sont , par principe , stockées par les fournisseurs d’accès , et gardées à la disposition de la justice , « au cas où « .
Or , l’une des toutes premières mesures mises en place par les dictatures est précisément d’abolir la vie privée , la liberté d’expression , d’opinion et de circulation , de généraliser la suspicion et de placer tous leurs « citoyens » sous surveillance .
A contrario , les démocraties estiment que ces libertés sont fondamentales , et que l’Etat ne peut pas - et ne doit pas- y déroger , sous peine de mettre le doigt dans un engrenage qui , in fine , nuirait à la démocratie dans son ensemble , et donc à ses citoyens .
Les démocraties considèrent qu’il faut faire confiance aux gens , que seule une minorité violera la loi , et qu’il est donc dangereux , et contre - productif , de considérer l’ensemble de leurs citoyens comme des délinquants potentiels , présumés criminels : la présomption d’innocence est la règle , et il revient à l’accusation de démontrer la culpabilité des suspects , pas aux suspects de démontrer leur innocence .
C’est ce qu’on appelle un « état de droit « .
Et la loi , en France , précise ainsi qu’il faut d’une part déclarer ( voire demander l’autorisation ) à la Commission nationale de l’informatique et des libertés ( CNIL ) dès lors qu’une institution , une entreprise ou un organisme décide de ficher ou surveiller celles et ceux qu’ils accueillent , mais qu’il faut également les avertir du fait qu’ils sont surveillés , et leur accorder un certain nombre de droits ( d’information , d’accès , d’opposition , de rectification aussi ) .
On ne peut pas surveiller n’importe qui n’importe comment .
Ainsi , il est interdit , en France , d’identifier les mineurs par leurs empreintes digitales - ce que faisait le groupe scolaire Saint - Denis , à la cantine - parce que ce type de mesure est considéré comme « disproportionné » au regard de l’objectif recherché : une chose est d’identifier le directeur ou l’employé d’une banque par ses empreintes digitales lorsqu’il s’agit d’accéder aux coffres - forts , une autre est d’utiliser ce genre de méthodes pour que des adolescents puissent accéder à la cantine …
On ne tue pas les mouches avec des marteaux .
En 1981 , le journaliste Louis - Marie Horeau l’avait encore plus clairement expliqué , dans le Canard Enchaîné , évoquant « la recette bien connue de la chasse aux lions dans le désert : on passe tout le sable au tamis et , à la fin , il reste les lions « .
Les professionnels de la sécurité savent bien que rien n’est pire qu’un faux sentiment de sécurité : appliquer les méthodes anti-terroristes , ou destinées à lutter contre le grand banditisme , à l’ensemble de la population , ne peut qu’être contre - productif , ne serait - ce que parce qu’elles identifieront , à tort , nombre d’innocents comme « suspects « , mais aussi parce que cela leur fera surtout perdre du temps , de l’énergie , et de l’attention , à ceux qui sont chargés de veiller à la sécurité des gens .
In fine , sombrer dans l’hystérie ou la parano ïa sécuritaire revient à considérer que les terroristes ont gagné , parce qu’ils ont bel et bien réussi à nous terroriser .
D’autre part , ceux qui se font fort de culpabiliser les gens , de sorte qu’ils n’aient rien à cacher et acceptent d’être surveillés , sont souvent les premiers à refuser d’être transparents , et à avoir , sinon des choses à se reprocher , tout du moins des choses à cacher .
Ainsi , les policiers sont souvent les premiers à réclamer l’installation de caméras de vidéosurveillance sur la voie publique .
Mais ils sont également souvent les premiers à refuser d’en installer dans leurs locaux , ou à refuser que l’on puisse venir filmer leurs cellules et conditions de garde à vue .
Et si la vidéosurveillance permet parfois de révéler des violences policières , il arrive également que les bandes , curieusement , disparaissent , ou que les caméras aient précisément été en panne à ce moment - là …
La vidéosurveillance ne me dérange pas : où est le problème ?
« Jusqu’à présent , ne pas être fiché signifiait une présomption d’innocence .
Aujourd ’hui , exister « sans trace » fait de vous le premier suspect . »
— François Ewald , professeur au Conservatoire des arts et métiers .
Nombreux sont ceux qui ne voient pas pourquoi certains se permettent de critiquer ou de remettre en question des mesures ou systèmes de surveillance qui les dérangent d’autant moins qu’ils y sont habitués .
Je me suis sérieusement penché sur la question , enquêtant tout autant sur ce pour quoi la vie privée n’est pas un problème de « vieux cons » que ce pour quoi les « petits cons » d’aujourd ’hui , qui ont grandi tout en étant constamment surveillés , ont de fait appris à en jouer , et à se mettre en scène , plutôt que de se contenter d’être observés à l’insu de leur plein gré .
Bruce Schneier , qui a travaillé pour l’armée américaine avant de devenir l’un des experts les plus réputés en terme de sécurité informatique , a très bien résumé le problème , dans un article opportunément traduit par Tristan Nitot , fervent défenseur des libertés ès - internet , qui rappelle opportunément que , sans vie privée , vous qui me lisez ne seriez probablement tout simplement pas nés , pour la simple et bonne raison que s’il y avait des caméras dans les chambres à coucher , personne ne ferait plus l’amour , et qu’il n’y aurait donc plus de bébés ( sans parler des autres inconvénients qu’il y aurait à ne plus faire l’amour ) :
La notion de vie privée nous protège de ceux qui ont le pouvoir , même si nous ne faisons rien de mal au moment où nous sommes surveillés .
Nous ne faisons rien de mal quand nous faisons l’amour ou allons aux toilettes .
Nous ne cachons rien délibérément quand nous cherchons des endroits tranquilles pour réfléchir ou discuter .
Nous tenons des journaux intimes , chantons seuls sous la douche , écrivons des lettres à des amoureux secrets pour ensuite les brûler .
La vie privée est un besoin humain de base . (…)
Si nous sommes observés en toute occasion , nous sommes en permanence menacés de correction , de jugement , de critique .
Nous devenons des enfants , emprisonnés par les yeux qui nous surveillent , craignant en permanence que – maintenant ou plus tard – les traces que nous laissons nous rattraperont , par la faute d’une autorité quelle qu’elle soit qui porte maintenant son attention sur des actes qui étaient à l’époque innocents et privés .
Nous perdons notre individualité , parce que tout ce que nous faisons est observable et enregistrable .
(…)
Voici la perte de liberté que nous risquons quand notre vie privée nous est retirée .
C’est la vie dans l’ex - Allemagne de l’Est ou dans l’Irak de Saddam Hussein .
Mais c’est aussi notre futur si nous autorisons l’intrusion de ces yeux insistants dans nos vies personnelles et privées .
Trop souvent on voit surgir le débat dans le sens « sécurité contre vie privée ».
Le choix est en fait liberté contre contrôle .
La tyrannie , qu’elle provienne de la menace physique d’une entité extérieure ou de la surveillance constante de l’autorité locale , est toujours la tyrannie .
La liberté , c’est la sécurité sans l’intrusion , la sécurité avec en plus la vie privée .
La surveillance omniprésente par la police est la définition même d’un état policier .
Et c’est pour cela qu’il faut soutenir le respect de la vie privée même quand on n’a rien à cacher .
De 1789 à mai 1968 et au-delà
« Lorsqu’on ne s’étonne plus du traçage , de la vidéosurveillance ou de la conservation des données , c’est justement le signal qu’on est entré dans un monde orwellien . »
— Alex Türk , président de la CNIL
Ceux qui se permettent de critiquer les technologies de surveillance sont d’ailleurs régulièrement accusés de baigner dans une idéologie « droit - de - lhommiste » et / ou « post - soixante - huitarde « .
De fait , la Révolution française , les déclarations des droits de l’homme , « mai 68 » en particulier , et les mouvements de libération ( des femmes , des homosexuels , sans oublier ceux qui , précédemment , visaient à libérer les peuples « colonisés « ) en général , ont consacré le droit des gens à l’autodétermination de leurs vies .
Certains le déplorent , d’autres s’en félicitent ( j ’en suis ) : la démocratie et les droits qui y sont associés ne sont pas réservés mâles blancs dominants de plus de 18 ans .
Et les droits de l’homme , le droit à la liberté d’expression , de circulation , ainsi le droit à la vie privée et à l’anonymat , s’appliquent désormais à tout le monde .
Mon enquête sur le groupe scolaire ( privé , et catholique ) Saint Denis ( voir Quand Big Brother s’invite à l’école ) a par ailleurs été perçue par certains comme relevant d’une forme d' » anti- catholicisme « …
Je n’ai que faire des convictions politiques ou religieuses de ceux dont je parle : je m’intéresse à la société de surveillance , j’ai eu l’occasion de brocarder des gens de droite comme de gauche , et la religion n’a rien à voir .
La loi Informatique et libertés a été adoptée sous un gouvernement de droite par des gens , de droite ou de gauche , qui se rappelaient de l’utilisation qui avait été faite des fichiers par les administrations Pétain et nazie , par des personnalités de droite qui dénonçaient l’utilisation des fichiers par les communistes , et par des personnalités de gauche qui dénonçaient le fichage des « socialo - communistes « .
La loi informatique et libertés transcende les partis , et les idéologies , et a été adoptée pour rappeler qu’en démocratie , on ne peut pas ficher ni surveiller n’importe qui , n’importe quand .
La vidéosurveillance , la biométrie , les fichiers policiers et autres mesures ou technologies de surveillance peuvent être utiles .
Dans certains cas , bien précis , encadrés , et en respectant la loi .
Ce qui est souvent loin d’être le cas .
Ce qu’il convient de rectifier .
↬ Computation as Expression
Automatically executable language is the largest , boldest step ever in human expressiveness , and we ’re not doing much with it .
Computer languages allow us to describe concepts without requiring a human brain to interpret them .
We have used this to instruct computers to do our taxes , at some point we will use it to redefine art and communication .
It is unusual to think of human and programming languages as instances of the same concept .
They have very different uses ; English to talk to each other ; programming languages to instruct machines .
In principle there ’s nothing stopping us from defining a programming language rich enough to use in conversation , and sufficiently interpreting natural languages to use in computing .
In practice the former would be clumsy , the latter is beyond our current capabilities .
Programming languages have in their form very limited subsets of the expressive elements of natural languages .
We keep them strict and terse so that their semantic is well defined and can be executed .
This however does not make them less capable .
You could conceivably define a domain specific programming language that mimics a simplified English grammar and translate Hamlet to it .
Not that you ’d want to do that , but you could , and the content would n’t be significantly more butchered than if you had translated it into Japanese or Finnish .
What programming languages do give us that no natural language does is a strict definition of how to execute them .
This allows us to write programs that a computer can execute deterministically to produce a well defined output .
And this capability is the crucial bold step in human expressiveness these languages bring us .
Take the Fibonacci sequence , we can define it in English like this :
The first two numbers in the sequence are 0 and 1 .
Any subsequent number is the sum of the last two .
And in the Ruby programming language :
a = 0 b = 1 while true puts a a , b = b , a+b end
Someone that knows both English and Ruby can extract the same mathematical concept from both snippets .
The English version will be more immediately understandable but that is a property of the form not an inherent distinction between the program and the text .
The Ruby version however , is executable and because of the way I wrote it it outputs each of the numbers of the sequence , one per line , until the end of time .
The Ruby version is not only a definition of the Fibonacci sequence , it is also automatically expansible into the sequence itself .
As far as we know , in terms of computation , there is nothing fundamentally different between our brains and a computer .
We have not been able to write an artificial intelligence not because we know of something neurons can compute that transistors cannot .
What this means is that for the first time in human history the expressive power of the languages we have available to communicate is sufficient to specify any construct that can be present inside a brain .
For the first time language is more than a lossy method of communication between two human brains .
The English Fibonacci definition is only an executable definition in the presence of a sufficiently knowledgeable human brain , something we cannot describe down to first principles .
The Ruby version however is the Fibonacci sequence even in the absence of humanity , because we can package it , together with an adequate computer , and produce the sequence without a human brain .
When applied to art , this allows us to create pieces that are something instead of representing something .
When applied to communication this allows us to describe things in ways that are independent from human culture .
We have explored this very timidly .
Art uses programming to make representations of concepts dynamic , but they are still representations .
Some of our space probes have schematically simplified communications intended to be understood without cultural context .
We could instead send out programs representing advanced concepts , along with an example of a full machine to execute them .
( See the reddit comments for a very interesting discussion on this . )
you can find a skin / sticker set somewhere online for a price that you can wrap on the Nintendo Wii / Wii - U or PS4 and make it have that retro Nintendo slot loader look .
in a city of the future it is difficult to concentrate
( @keunwoo's blog )
A CATHOLIC nun and long - time administrator at St Joseph ’s Hospital and Medical Center in Phoenix has been demoted because she had been part of a team that decided to end the pregnancy of a critically ill patient .
In this tragic case , the treatment necessary to save the mother ’s life required the termination of an 11 - week pregnancy .
The decision drew a sharp rebuke from Bishop Thomas J Olmsted , head of the Phoenix Diocese , who indicated that the nun – Sister Margaret McBride , the highest - ranking member of the Sisters of Mercy at the hospital – was “ automatically excommunicated ” because of the action .
Neither the hospital nor the bishop ’s office would address whether the bishop had a direct role in her demotion .
He does not have control of the hospital as a business but is the voice of moral authority over any Catholic institution operating in the diocese .
The actions involving the McBride followed a last - minute , life - or - death drama in late 2009 .
The patient had a rare and often fatal condition in which a pregnancy can cause the death of the mother .
McBride , who had been vice president of mission integration at the hospital , was on call as a member of the hospital ’s ethics committee when the surgery took place , hospital officials said .
She was part of a group of people , including the patient and doctors , who decided upon the course of action .
The patient was not identified , and details of her case cannot be revealed under federal privacy laws .
The Catholic Church forbids abortion in all circumstances and allows the termination of a pregnancy only as a secondary effect of other treatments , such as radiation of a cancerous uterus .
In a statement , Suzanne Pfister , a hospital vice president , said that the facility adheres to the Ethical and Religious Directives for Catholic Health Care Services but that the directives do not answer all questions .
Bishop Olmsted , after learning of the surgery , said :
I am gravely concerned by the fact that an abortion was performed several months ago in a Catholic hospital in this diocese .
I am further concerned by the hospital ’s statement that the termination of a human life was necessary to treat the mother ’s underlying medical condition .
An unborn child is not a disease .
While medical professionals should certainly try to save a pregnant mother ’s life , the means by which they do it can never be by directly killing her unborn child .
The end does not justify the means .
Olmsted added that if a Catholic “ formally cooperates ” in an abortion , he or she is automatically excommunicated .
Excommunication forbids the person from participating in church life .
Remedies are available through an appeal to the Vatican or confession .
He added :
The Catholic Church will continue to defend life and proclaim the evil of abortion without compromise , and must act to correct even her own members if they fail in this duty .
James J Walter , professor of bioethics at Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles , a Catholic university , said a pregnancy may be terminated only in limited , indirect circumstances , such as uterine cancer , in which the cancer treatment takes the life of the fetus .
Catholic teaching , he said , is that a pregnancy cannot be terminated as a means to an end of saving the life of a mother who is suffering from a different condition .
Asked if the church position prefers the mother and child to die , rather than sparing the life of one of them , Walters said the hope is that both would survive .
Note :
The T shirt used to illustrate this post is available here .
Hat tip : Gamblor
Feast your eyes in these detailed videos of the beast that is designed to match - and - crush 5th generation American combat jets .
It 's the Sukhoi PAK - FA , and it comes loaded with some amazing technology from the other side of the fallen wall .
Advertisement
Traditionally , the then - Soviet - now Russian fighter jets have been feared all over the world .
Even their now theoretically outdated units — the MiG - 29 Fulcrum and the Su - 27 Flanker — are still among the most effective and destructive air combat units in the world .
The Sukhoi PAK - FA is here to replace both , and it will take on the F - 22 Raptor and F - 35 Lightning II starting on 2013 .
Advertisement
The new plane is derived from two research projects from the late 1980s :
The inverted - wing Sukhoi Su - 47 Berkut and the delta- wing Mikoyan Project 1.44 .
The PAK - FA is much more advanced , however , and it incorporates the latest avionics and weapons systems , and everything you could expect in a 5th generation fighter .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Sukhoi Su - 47 Berkut
Advertisement
Mikoyan Project 1.44
The PAK - FA will have both stealth and supercruise abilities , which makes it capable of sustaining supersonic flight without afterburners .
It also makes extensive use of composite surfaces to reduce its weight , and it has fully - movable vertical tails instead of conventional rudders .
The maximum turning g- load is 11g , with a maximum speed of Mach 2.45 at 45,000 feet , and a 1,184 - feet - per - second climbing rate .
Advertisement
Its onboard computer will use artificial intelligence to simplify the life of the pilot ( no brain - to - flight - controls interface yet ) .
Like the 5th generation American aircrafts , the Sukhois will network with each other , sharing information about positioning , weaponry , and targets in real time .
What 's more worrying , however , is that the PKA - FA will use an IRST optical / IR search and track system capable of detecting the heat trail of an F - 22 from as far as 25 kilometers away .
The F - 22 , by contrast , does n't use this system .
In other words : I can't wait for the Top Gun remake .
[ The Dew Line ]
If I was going to make a list of the best stores i
Adapted from Donatella Arpaia
Time : 30 minutes
1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil
2 cups whole milk
15 slices rustic Italian bread ,
1/2 - inch thick , left out until dry
Salt and pepper
3/4 pound buffalo mozzarella , thinly sliced
3/4 pint cherry tomatoes , halved and crushed
2 to 3 tablespoons Parmigiano - Reggiano
1 tablespoon fresh or dried oregano or fresh basil , torn into bits .
1 . Heat oven to 350 degrees .
Grease a baking sheet with about 2 tablespoons oil .
2 . Pour milk into a bowl .
Briefly dunk one slice of bread at a time into milk and squeeze out excess .
Place bread on baking sheet , sprinkle with salt and pepper , cover with mozzarella slices , and top with tomatoes , Parmigiano - Reggiano and oregano or basil .
Drizzle with oil .
SINGAPORE ( Reuters ) -
When Singapore surprised the market by revaluing its dollar this month to pre-empt inflation , analysts had to rack their brains to find out how much the currency ’s value had actually gone up .
Such an obscure system may be just what China needs .
Steering the exchange rate , not interest rates , is the Monetary Authority of Singapore ’s key policy tool .
The MAS has managed its currency within a secret trade - weighted band to keep the economy on an even keel and shield the island from speculative attacks since the early 1980s .
By contrast , the yuan looks like an easy target for the market as the Chinese authorities come under mounting pressure to abandon a 21 - month - old peg to the dollar .
A shift is widely expected as early as this quarter .
Intriguingly , chatter in the market is that Beijing might have an eye on Singapore ’s track record as it decides what to do next .
China might still opt for a small one - off yuan revaluation to showcase its international responsibility and help soothe tensions with the United States , but many analysts believe Beijing needs to take some major steps to make the yuan flexible .
“ You do n’t want to sent a message to the market that there is only one - way risk in your currency , ” said Tim Condon , head of Asia research at ING in Singapore .
“ If you look at the Singapore dollar , it can go up or down against any currency , ” he said .
Reverting to a crawling peg to the dollar -- the regime China followed between July 2005 and July 2008 -- might expose the yuan to expectations of further appreciation , fanning hot money inflows and fuelling economic overheating .
China recorded a $ 7.24 billion trade deficit in March , the first shortfall since April 2004 , but its foreign exchange reserves rose by $ 47.9 billion in the first quarter to $ 2.447 trillion , suggestive of persistent upward pressure on the yuan .
HALF -HEARTED REFORM
When China revalued the yuan by 2.1 percent in July 2005 and scrapped a decade - long dollar peg , it said it would henceforth manage the yuan with reference to a basket of currencies .
But the People ’s Bank of China ( PBOC ) never really followed through on its intention .
Instead , it kept the yuan on a tight leash against the dollar , limiting its rise or fall to 0.5 percent from a daily mid-point .
Analysts believe the dollar ’s slide helped force the PBOC to actually implement a crawling peg , under which the yuan gained a further 19 percent against the U.S. currency until its rise came to a halt in mid-2008 due to the global economic crisis .
Chinese authorities may have learned from the experience that a crawling peg only increased complacency about currency risk among domestic firms and fueled hot money inflows , analysts say .
“ Engineering more two - way volatility would help prevent a similar speculative build - up and also give the appearance of a more market - determined exchange rate framework , ” analysts at Deutsche Bank said in a research note .
Fan Gang , a former central bank adviser , said recently that China should switch to a basket peg , but the Deutsche analysts believe a reference basket -- a combination of a crawling dollar peg and a basket peg -- would make the yuan more flexible .
“ If China were truly allow such a framework , it would be able to create more two - way movement in the dollar / yuan spot rate , and still maintain only a modest appreciation trend and relatively low volatility in its currency , ” they said .
A more flexible exchange rate could help the PBOC improve monetary policy to cope with capital flows and external shocks .
Last week , President Hu Jintao shrugged off foreign calls for a stronger yuan but said China was still committed to currency reforms .
Tellingly , the PBOC has been inviting overseas experts to tap their knowledge about Singapore ’s currency regime , while several top government think - tanks have been studying plans for possible currency reforms .
DOLLAR REBOUND
Analysts say the dollar ’s rebound provides a good opportunity for China to switch to a basket regime as a continued peg to the dollar translates into yuan rises on a trade - weighted basis .
“ The dollar / yuan is still pretty much under control , so guiding the basket should be relatively easy , ” said Emmanuel Ng , a currency strategist at OCBC Bank in Singapore .
“ A shift may actually take some pressure off the yuan , given that the yuan ’s nominal effective exchange rate has actually been appreciating . ”
Ben Simpfendorfer , China economist at Royal Bank of Scotland in Hong Kong , agreed that a basket - based regime may ease upward pressure on the yuan , but he still forecasts a 5 percent rise in the currency in the next 12 months , including a 3 percent up - front revaluation .
Offshore NDFs on Wednesday were implying a 3.3 percent yuan rise over the next year .
Under Singapore ’s “ BBC ” regime -- band , basket and crawling peg -- the central bank manages the Singapore ’s nominal effective exchange rate ( NEER ) by adjusting the center , slope or width of the band in line with economic performance .
Analysts estimated last week ’s move was equivalent to a revaluation of 1.2 percent to 1.4 percent .
Still , they warn that a basket peg would not necessarily relieve the PBOC from the need to intervene to limit yuan gains .
“ Even under Singapore ’s rigorous framework , ad hoc ‘ smoothing ’ intervention to suppress currency volatility is fairly common , ” the analysts at Deutsche Bank said .
Individuals who do n’t purchase health insurance may lose their tax refunds according to IRS Commissioner Doug Shulman .
After acknowledging the recently passed health - care bill limits the agency ’s options for enforcing the individual mandate , Shulman told reporters that the most likely way to penalize individuals that do n’t comply is by reducing or confiscating their tax refunds .
Speaking at the National Press Club on Monday , Shulman downplayed the IRS ’s role in enforcing the recent overhaul of the health insurance industry by claiming the agency would not aggressively target individuals who do n’t purchase coverage .
He noted that the health - care bill expressly forbids the agency from freezing bank accounts , seizing assets or pursuing criminal charges , but when pressed said the IRS would most likely use tax refund offsets to penalize those that do n’t comply with the mandate .
The IRS uses refund offsets to collect from individuals that owe the federal government a delinquent debt .
“ These are not the kinds of things we send agents out about , ” Shulman said .
“ These are things where you get a letter from us .
Congress was very careful to make sure there was nothing too punitive in this bill . ”
Many reports have claimed that enforcement of the individual mandate will be non-existent , but Shulman ’s answers indicate differently .
According to BusinessWeek , starting in 2015 Americans who do n’t purchase insurance will be subject to a fine of $ 325 and that sum increases to $ 695 in 2016 .
However , the commissioner seemed confident that in most cases individuals would either receive subsidies to purchase insurance or simply do so on their own in order to comply with the law .
“ The vast majority of American people have a healthy respect for the law and want to be compliant with their tax obligations , ” Shulman said , mentioning letters , collection notices and offsets as among the various ways the IRS will reach out to people without coverage .
During his speech Shulman said threats against the IRS have not risen despite media reports to the contrary .
He disagreed that it has become more dangerous to work for the IRS following the February incident in which a disgruntled pilot flew his plane into the agency ’s Austin , Texas office , killing one employee .
“ There ’s been a lot of stuff in the press around increased threats , which is actually inaccurate , ” Shulman said .
“ What there has been is increased chatter on the Internet that has an anti-government sentiment . ”
He also said it is too early to know what additional resources or how many employees the IRS will need to enforce compliance with the mandate and clarified his reasons for using a professional tax preparer .
“ I would n’t read into anything about me doing it now , ” Shulman said .
“ I ’m just a busy guy and have had good service for the past 15 years . ”
E-mail Gautham and follow him on Twitter
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , who tried to blow up plane with underwear bomb , is said to have waived right to silence
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The Nigerian man accused of trying to blow up a Detroit - bound airliner on Christmas Day has provided fresh intelligence in several terrorism investigations , officials have said .
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , who had a bomb hidden in his underwear , is said to have been co-operating with investigators since last week .
The Obama administration had been criticised for giving Abdulmutallab the right to remain silent rather than interrogating him as a military prisoner .
In the days after the failed bombing , a pair of FBI agents flew to Nigeria and persuaded Abdulmutallab 's family to help them .
They brought family members back to the US , according to a senior administration official .
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the case .
FBI officials continued to question Abdulmutallab , working with the CIA and other intelligence authorities , the official said , and Obama was receiving regular updates .
A law enforcement official , also speaking on condition of anonymity because he was not authorised to discuss the case , said Abdulmutallab had provided information about his contacts in Yemen , where an al - Qaida branch has claimed responsibility for the failed attack .
The authorities had hoped to keep Abdulmutallab 's co-operation secret while they continued to investigate his leads but details began to trickle out during testimony on Capitol Hill by the FBI director , Robert Mueller , and the director of national intelligence , Dennis Blair .
The Senate intelligence committee chairwoman , Dianne Feinstein , asked Mueller : " It is also my understanding that Mr. Abdulmutallab has provided valuable information .
Is that correct ? "
" Yes , " Mueller replied .
Mueller then confirmed that the interrogation had continued despite the suspect being advised of his right to have a lawyer and remain silent .
Democrats have seized upon a proposal from the GOP challenger to Sen. Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) that bartering with doctors for treatment could help solve the health care crisis .
Sue Lowden , who suggests in a video below that a barter - system could replace health insurance , is now being explicitly mocked by a website called “ Chickens For Checkups , ” Talking Points Memo reported .
ADVERTISEMENT
Created by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , the site allows readers to send a form letter to Lowden asking how they can find a doctor who would treat ailments such as rickets , “ ill humours , ” “ the vapors ” and others , in exchange for various types of livestock or even “ indentured servitude . ”
In the video , Lowden refers to “ the olden days ” when people in need of medical care gave doctors chickens or offered to paint his house in lieu of money .
“ Doctors are very sympathetic people , ” she said .
“ I ’m not backing down from that system . ”
Democrats fighting to keep Reid in office hope the site will bolster support for the House Majority Leader .
Lowden holds a 10 - percent lead over Reid , according to a recent poll .
Lowden ’s statement below is actually the second time she has mentioned bartering for health care .
During a speech earlier this month , Lowden was asked for suggestions on what she would have done for health care reform that Democrats did not .
ADVERTISEMENT
After talking about interstate insurance policies and the legalization of stripped - down “ mandate - free ” policies , Lowden said this :
“ And I would have suggested , and I think that bartering is really good .
Those doctors who you pay cash , you can barter , and that would get prices down in a hurry , ” she said .
“ And I would say go out , go ahead out and pay cash for whatever your medical needs are , and go ahead and barter with your doctor . ”
The Lowden campaign reacted quickly to criticism , issuing a statement defending a medical barter system and circulating a document that explains the perks of bargaining with your health care provider .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Bartering with your doctor is not a new concept .
There have been numerous reports as to how negotiating with your doctor is an option and doctors have gone on the record verifying this .
Unfortunately , Harry Reid ’s failed leadership forces us to take drastic measures . ”
The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee is less than enthused about the Lowden campaign ’s attempt to justify a barter system .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ You have got to be kidding me , ” DSCC spokeswoman Deirdre Murphy said in a statement .
“ Sue Lowden is completely out of touch with Nevadans if she really thinks bartering chickens for checkups is serious health care reform . ”
Acting on a 2006 Petition for Rulemaking filed by the ARRL , the FCC has issued a Notice of Proposed Rule Making ( NPRM ) , ET Docket No 10 - 98 to modify the rules that govern amateurs ’ secondary use of five channels in the 5 MHz frequency range known as 60 meters .
The proposed changes would substitute a new channel for one that is seldom available because of occupancy by the fixed service , which is primary in this range .
Also proposed is an increase in power from 50 to 100 W effective radiated power ( ERP ) and the addition of CW , PSK31 and PACTOR - III modes with provisions to ensure that such operations would be compatible with the primary service .
The proposed changes can be found beginning on page 8 of the NPRM .
“ The ARRL is pleased that the Commission has opened this proceeding to increase the usefulness of the limited 5 MHz Amateur Service allocation , ” said ARRL Chief Executive Officer David Sumner , K1 ZZ .
“ We are gratified that the Commission and the NTIA agree that the responsible manner in which amateurs have been using the five USB channels warrants some expansion of privileges so that the Amateur Service can be even better prepared for service to the public . ”
Background
The 60 meter band is part of the larger 5060 - 5450 kHz band that is allocated to the fixed service on a primary basis for Federal and non-Federal use , and to the mobile ( except aeronautical mobile service ) on a secondary basis for Federal and non-Federal use .
Per footnote US381 to the Allocation Table , this makes five frequencies in this band -- 5332 kHz , 5348 kHz , 5368 kHz , 5373 kHz and 5405 kHz -- available to the Amateur Service on a secondary basis .
In addition , footnote US340 authorizes Federal and non-Federal maritime and aeronautical mobile stations to use the 2 - 30 MHz band ( which includes the 60 meter band ) for measuring the quality of reception on radio channels on a non-interference basis ; however , actual communication by these stations is limited to frequencies specifically allocated to these services .
In 2003 , the FCC added the Amateur Service secondary allocation to this band after determining that such frequencies could be useful to the Amateur Radio Service for completing disaster communications links at times when existing frequencies in the 80 , 75 and 40 meter bands are not available due to ionospheric conditions .
The FCC concluded “ that such an allocation represented the best compromise available to give the Amateur Radio Service access to new spectrum for a wide range of radio communications , while assuring that incumbent operations are protected . ”
At the request of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration ( NTIA ) , the FCC restricted the use of these five channels to single sideband suppressed carrier voice using only the upper sideband transmission , and a maximum effective radiated power ( ERP ) of 50 W peak envelope power ( PEP ) .
The Commission adopted these operating restrictions to decrease the interference potential between amateur stations and federal stations .
On October 20 , 2006 , ARRL filed a Petition for Rulemaking , seeking certain modifications to the rules governing Amateur Radio use of the 60 meter band .
Seven weeks later , the FCC issued a Public Notice to seek comments on the ARRL ’s Petition , but none were received .
In its Petition , the ARRL requested that the FCC make three modifications to the existing rules governing Amateur Radio use of the 60 meter band , specifically Section 2.106 , footnote US381 of the Rule and Section 97.303 of the Rules , in order to increase the flexibility in the use of the band and to facilitate emergency communications provided by the Amateur Radio Service :
One of the available channels , 5368 kHz , be replaced with 5358.5 kHz .
Three additional emission designators -- 150HA1A , 60H0J2B and 2K80J2D -- be authorized in the 60 meter band , provided that the operators using these modes utilize great care to limit the length of transmissions so as to avoid interference with Federal operations .
The maximum ERP on channels in the 60 meter band be increased from 50 to 100 W PEP , provided that amateurs utilize Voice - Operated Transmit ( VOX ) while in the single sideband emission mode , so as to permit the amateur operator to bear an attempt by another station , which may be a Federal user , to utilize the channel .
The ARRL Petition argued that a successful history of sharing with Federal users -- together with its amateurs ’ strong desire to improve Amateur Service use of the band -- merited a grant of greater flexibility in the use of these frequencies :
“ Because of strong admonitions provided by ARRL to Amateur Radio operators relative to their obligations vis-à - vis Federal agency primary use of and access to these few channels , the access provided for the Amateur Service with the assistance of NTIA in the past three years has been successful without qualification .
Neither ARRL , nor , apparently NTIA , is aware of a single reported instance of interference to a Federal user by a radio amateur operating at 5 MHz to date . ”
The proposals contained in the ARRL Petition were based on these discussions and a May 12 , 2006 letter from the NTIA , indicating that it would “ look favorably ” on the above - described modifications should ARRL choose to pursue rule changes with the Commission .
On March 11 , 2010 , the FCC adopted a Notice of Proposed Rule Making and Order that made certain amendments to correct the Amateur Service rules and to conform the rules to prior Commission decisions .
The FCC ’s proposals are based on the current rules , as modified by that action .
Discussion
The existing Amateur Service use of the 60 meter band represents what the FCC calls “ a balancing of important interests -- the desire to provide amateur operators with frequencies that could be used to complete disaster communications links when other bands are not available , and the need to protect important primary Federal operations in the 60 meter band . ”
The ARRL ’s Petition seeking to modify “ the existing spectrum sharing scenario in a manner that appears to be consistent with the interests of both Federal and amateur users in the band , and we tentatively conclude that the changes to footnote US381 and Section 97.303 of our Rules that are proposed by ARRL should be adopted . ”
One of the available channels , 5368 kHz , be replaced with 5358.5 kHz
The ARRL , in its Petition , pointed out that its request to replace the 5368 kHz channel with 5358.5 kHz is based on reports from amateur operators of frequent interference from a digital signal on the existing authorized channel .
“ Based on this information , we tentatively agree that the proposed modification would eliminate interference and enhance Amateur Radio operations and that it should be implemented . ”
The FCC noted that most non-Federal licensees in the 60 meter band are licensed across the larger band 5005 - 5450 kHz and that many are also licensed across other bands , as well : “ Therefore , we believe that our proposal to exchange one amateur channel for another in the 60 meter band will have a de minimis impact on these licensees , while benefiting Amateur Radio users who have a limited number of channels in the band on which they may operate and reducing the potential for interference from amateur operations to the primary Federal stations operating in the 5330.6-5406.4 kHz band . ”
Three additional emission designators -- 150HA1A , 60H0J2B and 2K80J2D -- be authorized in the 60 meter band , provided that the operators using these modes utilize great care to limit the length of transmissions so as to avoid interference with Federal operations .
In its Petition , the ARRL explained that it had conducted a survey of Amateur Radio operators who use the 60 meter band .
The League found that there is significant demand for modulation techniques that would allow telegraphy and data transmissions in addition to the one that is currently permitted for voice transmissions ( single sideband suppressed carrier upper sideband , emission type 2K80J3E ) .
Specifically , ARRL maintained that Morse code telegraphy by means of on - off keying ( emission designator 150HA1A ) continues to be used by amateur stations , due to its reliability in difficult propagation conditions .
The ARRL also stated that the other requested emission designators -- 60H0J2B ( generally known as PSK31 ) and 2K80J2D ( generally known as PACTOR - III ) -- are popular narrowband data modes .
In its NPRM , the FCC proposed to add these three emission designators that would allow four permissible emission types to be used in the 60 meter band .
It also proposed to permit “ any additional modulation techniques that we adopt to be used on all assigned frequencies within the 60 meter band , including the assigned frequency 5368 kHz in the event that we do not adopt our proposal to replace the assigned frequency 5368 kHz with 5358.5 kHz . ”
The ARRL pointed out that FCC could require amateur operators to limit the length of transmissions in the two data emission modes “ in order to better position amateur operators to avoid causing harmful interference to primary operations and suggests adopting a rule that incorporates a general requirement to limit the duration of data transmissions . ”
As such , the FCC is seeking comments as to whether a rule addressing transmission limits “ would help ensure that in the currently infrequent instances in which Federal agencies exercise their primary use of the 60 meter band frequencies , those amateur licensees who have been operating on a secondary basis will be better positioned to avoid causing harmful interference , which is prohibited . ”
If commenters support a specific time limit , the FCC wants to know whether a transmission length of three minutes would be sufficient ; if not , what limits should the Commission adopt ?
In addition , the FCC is also seeking comment on whether “ amateur stations should be permitted to transmit emission types in addition to the four discussed above in the 60 meter band without increasing the likelihood of interference to primary users . ”
To the extent that commenters identify such emission designators , the FCC would like them to discuss their “ use and benefits and , in particular , how the use of those emission designators can be balanced with our continuing interest in protecting primary stations in the 60 meter band . ”
The maximum ERP on channels in the 60 meter band be increased from 50 to 100 W PEP , provided that amateurs utilize Voice - Operated Transmit ( VOX ) while in the single sideband emission mode , so as to permit the amateur operator to bear an attempt by another station , which may be a Federal user , to utilize the channel
The ARRL asserted in its Petition that the typical transmitter output power in modern Amateur Radio transceivers is 100 W PEP , and that the present 50 W PEP transmitter output power limit compromises communication reliability in the 60 meter band .
At certain times of the year , and more often in the southern latitudes , there are high static levels in this frequency range .
It is the ARRL ’s position that a slightly higher transmitter power output would bolster reliability , especially in connection with emergency communications .
The ARRL also suggested that amateur operators be required to use Voice - Operated Transmit ( VOX ) in the phone emission mode , saying that by adopting this requirement in conjunction with an increased transmitter output power limit would permit a Federal user to interrupt an amateur station ’s transmission quickly and easily without waiting for an unpredictable end of the transmission .
The FCC is seeking comments on these proposals , specifically comments on “ whether a VOX mode of operation might increase the potential for interference because of its susceptibility to keying a radio to transmit under high surrounding noise environments such as might be found in an emergency operations center . ”
In its proposed rules to implement the changes as discussed above , the FCC has , in some cases , incorporated editorial revisions intended to make the rules easier to read and to ensure that control operators have the necessary information to easily determine their proper operating requirements on the 60 meter band frequencies .
Also , at the request of NTIA , the FCC is soliciting comments on whether amateur operators who provide emergency communications using the 60 meter band should be encouraged to add a sound card - generated Automatic Link Establishment ( ALE ) capability to their stations .
The commenting period for this NPRM will begin once it is published in the Federal Register and end 30 days later .
The period for reply comments begins once the NPRM is published in the Federal Register and ends 45 days later .
May 30 , 2010  --
Hot flash frequency and severity declined by 50 percent in postmenopausal women treated for six weeks with the antidepressant citalopram , according to data from a placebo - controlled , randomized clinical trial .
The trial , conducted among 254 women with frequent hot flashes ( at least 14 hot flashes a week for a month or longer ) , found that the lowest of three citalopram doses was as effective as the highest for dousing hot flashes , but the midrange dose appeared to have broader activity against symptoms .
the findings were published online in the Journal of Clinical Oncology .
Citalopram 's effects on hot flashes is not unique ; a number of antidepressants in the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( SSRI ) class have been shown to reduce hot flashes .
However , citalopram may offer advantages over other SSRIs .
" Citalopram , unlike paroxetine , can be given with tamoxifen , " Debra Barton of the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minn. , and colleagues wrote .
As little as 10 mg per day of citalopram is needed for a 46 percent reduction in daily frequency of hot flashes .
" This , coupled with the minimal adverse effect profile at this dose , makes this particularly useful for women who have difficulty taking pharmacologic agents and appears to be more tolerable than either gabapentin or pregabalin , " the authors noted .
Citalopram is also only taken once per day and is available generically .
Up to 75 percent of women may experience hot flashes , a vasomotor symptom associated with menopause and breast cancer treatments ( either tamoxifen or aromatase inhibitors ) , which can negatively impact quality of life .
The physiology is not definitively understood , and hot flashes can vary considerably in frequency , severity , and persistence .
In some women , hot flashes resolve within two years , but for others symptoms can persist for years , especially in long - term treatment for breast cancer .
Several drugs in the SSRI class have reduced hot flashes by 50 percent or more in placebo - controlled clinical trials , including paroxetine , fluoxetine , and venlafaxine ( Effexor ) .
However , uncertainty surrounding how hot flashes occur and how SSRIs act to ameliorate them suggest that the effects cannot be assumed to be a class effect .
Citalopram May Beat Other Antidepressants Against Hot Flashes
For example , clinical trials of the SSRI sertraline have shown more modest reductions in hot flashes .
In addition , some doubt persists about serotonergic agents ' effect on hot flashes , since not all clinical trials have yielded positive results , the authors noted .
Mixed results have also come from other clinical trials of citalopram to treat hot flashes .
In addition , the appropriate dose of the drug for hot - flash prevention has not been determined .
For the trial , the Mayo Clinic investigators enrolled 254 postmenopausal women who were not receiving hormone therapy or cancer treatment and reported at least 14 hot flashes per week for a month or longer .
The women were divided into four groups -- one which took a placebo , and three which took differing daily doses of citalopram : 10 , 20 , or 30 mg .
After six weeks of treatment , hot - flashes had declined by 23 percent in the placebo group and by 49 percent , 50 percent , and 55 percent in the women assigned to 10 , 20 , and 30 - mg doses of citalopram , respectively .
The authors note that one limitation of the study was its limited time period of seven weeks ; therefore , long - term control of hot flashes or the occurrence of adverse effects with citalopram could not be determined .
Sunday , May 30 , 2010 at 2:45 PM
Research on the feasibility of flying the supersonic passenger jet Concorde again has begun at Le Bourget Air and Space Museum in the Parisian suburb of Le Bourget , and near the general aviation airport of the same name ( IATA : LBG ; ICAO : LFPB ) .
Preliminary research is an Anglo - French joint project that is anticipated to cost around 15 million GBP ( 17.7 million EUR ; 21.8 million USD ) .
A British association called the Save Concorde Group , and a French association called Olympus 593 , are behind the effort .
“ Major tests ” have been done at Le Bourget on multiple Rolls Royce engines that once powered the supersonic airliner .
These engine tests are the first step , and it was always unknown whether or not the engines could even be safely started .
Nevertheless , the Vice Chairman of the Save Concorde Group called the developments “ amazing , ” and proclaimed in a press release that the process is moving along supersonically .
How fast , then ?
London hosts the Summer Olympics in 2012 , and it is hoped that Concorde , fully - functional , could be shown off in connection with that event .
The next step in getting Concorde back in the air is to perform a ground taxi with the aircraft .
Concorde flew its first test flights in 1969 and flew its first passengers in 1976 .
Only two airlines ever flew the supersonic aircraft on regular schedules , British Airways and Air France , the flag carriers of the United Kingdom and France respectively .
For regularly scheduled trans -Atlantic flights , Concorde used Heathrow Airport in London ( IATA : LHR ; ICAO : EGLL ) and Charles de Gaulle International Airport in Paris ( IATA : CDG ; ICAO : LFPG ) .
The two American airports used regularly by Concorde were Dulles International in Washington , D.C. ( IATA : IAD ; ICAO : KIAD ) , and Kennedy International in New York ( IATA : JFK ; ICAO : KJFK ) .
Concorde was grounded in 2003 three years after the fatal crash of Air France 4590 , a Concorde flight from Charles de Gaulle International to Kennedy International .
On takeoff , the aircraft ran over a piece of metal dropped by a jet that had recently departed Charles de Gaulle .
Just minutes into the flight , the Concorde captain attempted , but failed , to land the crippled aircraft at the airfield in Le Bourget .
A little more than a week ago , it was revealed that the former leader of the Concorde program at Aérospatiale , Henri Perrier , faces a two - year suspended jail sentence in connection with the crash .
original stories
Work starts in £ 15 million plan to get Concorde flying ( BBC )
Experts begin £ 15 million project to get Concorde flying again ( UK Daily Mail )
Save Concorde Group ( United Kingdom )
Olympus 593 ( France - in French )
Le Bourget Air and Space Museum ( official site - in French )
Le Bourget Air and Space Museum ( unofficial site - in English )
clarification from www.dictionary.com
definition of " Anglo - French "
Four tribal girls in Khammam district of Andhra Pradesh have died in the past one year after they were given three doses of vaccine of a multi-national company to prevent cervical cancer as part of drug trials by an American multinational pharmaceutical company in cooperation with the Andhra Pradesh government and with the approval of the Indian Council of Medical Research .
None of the girls had any medical condition .
All of them incidentally were residents of government - run hostels for tribal children .
Civil society organisations were up in arms over the shroud of secrecy under which the ' demonstration trials ' were conducted , the misleading claims of life - long protection by the vaccine , and a ' cover - up ' of the side effects suffered by a large number of the girls and subsequent death of four of them .
As a memorandum submitted by 70 - odd NGOs and individuals to Union Health Minister said , " It is beyond doubt the worst case of human rights violation , where young healthy girls have to die for being part of a state - endorsed experiment , initiated by a profit - making private company . "
The Centre suspended the trials last Wednesday but Director General of Indian Council of Medical Research Dr V M Katoch insists that the girls died of extraneous reasons and not due to the vaccine .
He said he was suspending trials of cervical cancer vaccine Gardasil as a precautionary measure .
" I decided to suspend the trials because I wanted to first prove to the public that the allegations are false .
I also want the general public to know that all ethical guidelines would be followed in this trial , " he said .
Activists believe this is ' ostrich - like ' behaviour and want an investigation done into the deaths by independent body since the state governments which have shrugged off all responsibility , are not likely to be objective .
The drug ' demonstration trials ' were being implemented in Khammam district of AP and Vadodara district of Gujarat .
In both states , the India branch of the international NGO PATH was overseeing the implementation of the demo trials .
Girls between the ages of 10 and 14 were administered three doses of the cervical in July , October 2009 and February 2010 .
The AP government denied the deaths were related to vaccine and that they were suicides by the children .
This is flatly denied by the parents of the girls who insist that there was no indication that their daughters were either having problems or that they were suicidal .
Dr B. Jaikumar , district immunity officer , Khammam , who heads the implementation of this programme insisted that " The three post - mortems show that these are cases of suicide .
The girls who were administered this vaccine showed mild side effects such as headaches and swellings but nothing serious , " he maintained .
However , Dr Rukmini Rao whose Gramya Resource Centre for Women has been working among tribals of Nalgonda and Khammam for more than a decade confirmed that as many as 120 girls experienced adverse reactions such as epileptic seizures , severe stomach ache , head aches and mood swings .
There have also been reports of early onset of menstruation following the vaccination , heavy bleeding and severe menstrual cramps .
" We learnt that one of the girls died due to convulsions while another had an epileptic fit .
But the doctors there are passing these deaths off as cases of suicide , " said Rukmini Rao .
The claims of the NGO and the government health officials that the permission of parents was taken in writing to administer the vaccine are questioned by activists .
In the first place , the parents are too poor and illiterate to understand the implications Activists point out that this claim too was false as the vaccine had manifested severe side effects including deaths in the US , UK and other European countries .
Rukmini Rao asked if the vaccine was really so effective why was it not tried out in elite schools in urban areas , ” she asked .
" Now that the hoo - ha over cervical cancer has died down in the western countries the manufacturers are trying to create a market in India , " she said .
They Tried to Warn Us : Foreign Intelligence Warnings Before 9/11 By Paul Thompson
View the printer friendly view
DISCLAIMER : The analytical articles published on this website were written and published by “ project managers ” of certain investigative projects hosted by the History Commons website .
Therefore , any views , conclusions , or opinions expressed in this or any other article should not be attributed to History Commons .
For questions concerning an article , please contact the author (s ) directly .
The Congressional Joint Inquiry into 9 - 11 is now finished , but the findings that have been released fail to mention any warnings from foreign governments .
The US mainstream media also has paid little attention to warnings from foreign governments .
Yet there were so many warnings — from both our friends and enemies alike — often specifically suggesting the targets or method of attack .
In at least one case , the warnings actually mentioned hijackers by name .
This type of communication between intelligence agencies normally occurs in secret , so one can only wonder what additional warnings or details were provided to us that have never been made public .
No US publication has ever put all the various foreign government warnings in one place ; even Internet skeptics of Bush have paid scant attention to this issue .
Here , for the first time , is such a list of warnings .
First , General Warnings
In late 2000 , British investigators teamed up with their counterparts in the Cayman Islands and began a yearlong probe of three Afghan men who had entered the Cayman Islands illegally .
[ Miami Herald , 9/20/01 , Los Angeles Times , 9/20/01 ]
In June 2001 , the Afghan men were overheard discussing hijacking attacks in New York City , and were promptly taken into custody .
This information was forwarded to US intelligence [ Fox News , 5/17/02 ] .
In late August 2001 , shortly before the attacks , an anonymous letter to a Cayman radio station alleged these same men were al - Qaeda agents “ organizing a major terrorist act against the US via an airline or airlines . ”
[ Miami Herald , 9/20/01 , Los Angeles Times ,
9/20/01 , MSNBC , 9/23/01 ]
In late July 2001 , Afghanistan ’s Foreign Minister Wakil Ahmed Muttawakil learned that Osama bin Laden was planning a “ huge attack ” on targets inside America .
The attack was imminent , and would kill thousands , he learned from the leader of the rebel Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan , which was closely allied with al - Qaeda at the time .
Muttawakil sent an emissary to pass this information on to the US Consul General , and another US official , “ possibly from the intelligence services . ”
Sources confirmed that this message was received , but supposedly not taken very seriously , because of “ warning fatigue ” arising from too many terror warnings .
[ Independent , 9/7/02 , Reuters , 9/7/02 ]
Also in late July 2001 , the US was given a “ concrete warning ” from Argentina ’s Jewish community .
“ An attack of major proportions ” was planned against either the US , Argentina , or France .
The information came from an unidentified intelligence agency .
[ Forward , 5/31/02 ]
An undercover agent from Morocco successfully penetrated al - Qaeda .
He learned that bin Laden was “ very disappointed ” that the 1993 bombing had not toppled the World Trade Center , and was planning “ large scale operations in New York in the summer or fall of 2001 . ”
He provided this information to the US in August 2001 .
[ Agence France Presse , 11/22/01 , International Herald Tribune , 5/21/02 , London Times ,
6/12/02 ]
Hasni Mubarak , President of Egypt , maintains that in the beginning of September 2001 Egyptian intelligence warned American officials that al - Qaeda was in the advanced stages of executing a significant operation against an American target , probably within the US .
[ AP , 12/7/01 , New York Times , 6/4/02 ]
He learned this information from an agent working inside al - Qaeda .
[ ABC News , 6/4/02 ]
Warnings the Attack Will Come from the Air
Many warnings specifically mentioned a threat coming from the air .
What Did Israel Know ?
But the most remarkable warnings of all come from Israel .
The issue of Israeli foreknowledge of 9/11 is highly controversial .
The story is too complicated to go into detail here , but a number of respected publications ( for instance , Fox News , 12/12/01 , Forward , 3/15/02 , ABC News , 6/21/02 , Salon , 5/7/02 , Ha’aretz , 5/14/02 , Le Monde , 3/5/02 , Reuters , 3/5/02 , AP , 3/5/02 , AP , 3/9/02 , Cox News , 3/5/02 , Guardian , 3/6/02 , Independent , 3/6/02 , New York Post , 3/6/02 , Jane ’s Intelligence Digest , 3/15/02 ) have written about an Israeli “ art student ” spy ring operating in the US for several years before 9/11 .
The name “ art student ” is used because most of these scores of spies were posing as college art students .
There have been suggestions that some of these Israeli spies lived close to some of the 9/11 hijackers .
For instance , a US Drug Enforcement Administration report from before 9/11 noted that Israeli spies were living in the retirement community of Hollywood , Florida at 4220 Sheridan Street , which turned out to be only a few hundred feet from lead hijacker Mohamed Atta ’s residence at 3389 Sheridan Street ( see the DEA report , 6/01 ) .
Israeli spies appear to have been close to at least ten of the nineteen 9/11 hijackers .
[ Salon , 5/7/02 ]
In fact , Forward , the most widely circulated publication in the US targeting the Jewish audience , has admitted the spy ring existed , and that its purpose was to track Muslim terrorists operating in the US .
[ Forward , 3/15/02 ]
Some have claimed that the existence of this spy ring shows that Israel was behind the 9/11 attacks , an argument that is beyond the scope of this essay .
But if the mainstream media is to be believed , Israel gave the US several specific warnings of the 9/11 attacks .
In the second week of August 2001 , two high - ranking agents from the Mossad , the Israeli intelligence agency , came to Washington and warned the CIA and FBI that 50 to 200 al - Qaeda terrorists had slipped into the US and were planning an imminent “ major assault on the US ” aimed at a “ large scale target ” [ Telegraph , 9/16/01 , Los Angeles Times , 9/20/01 , Ottawa Citizen , 9/17/01 Fox News , 5/17/02 ] .
Near the end of August , France also gave a warning that was an “ echo ” of Israel ’s .
[ Fox News , 5/17/02 ]
In October 2002 , the story broke in Europe and Israel that on August 23 , 2001 , the Mossad had given the CIA a list of 19 terrorists living in the US .
The Mossad had said that the terrorists appeared to be planning to carry out an attack in the near future .
It is unknown if these are the same 19 names as the actual hijackers , or if the number is a coincidence .
However , the four names on the list that are known are names of the 9/11 hijackers : Nawaf Alhazmi , Khalid Almihdhar , Marwan Alshehhi , and Mohamed Atta .
[ Die Zeit , 10/1/02 , Der Spiegel , 10/1/02 , BBC , 10/2/02 , Ha’aretz , 10/3/02 ]
These are also probably the four most important of the hijackers ( and two of the pilots ) .
From them , there were many connections to the others .
The CIA had already been monitoring three of them overseas the year before , and two , Alhazmi and Almihdhar , were put on a watch list the same day the Mossad gave this warning .
[ AFP , 9/22/01 , Berliner Zeitung , 9/24/01 , Observer , 9/30/01 , New York Times , 9/21/02 ]
Such detailed warnings of exact names fit in well with the reports that Israeli spies were tracking the hijackers for months before 9/11 .
Yet , as Jane ’s Intelligence Digest put it , “ It is rather strange that the US media seems to be ignoring what may well be the most explosive story since the 11 September attacks … ” [ Jane ’s Intelligence Digest , 3/13/02 ]
The spy ring story did get a little coverage in the US , but more recent stories claiming that Israel knew the exact names of at least some of the hijackers has n’t been reported here at all .
Perhaps the story is too controversial for the US media to touch ?
Conspicuous in Their Absence
So many countries warned the US : Afghanistan , Argentina , Britain , Cayman Islands , Egypt , France , Germany , Israel , Italy , Jordan , Morocco , and Russia .
Yet the two countries in the best position to know about the 9/11 plot — Saudi Arabia and Pakistan — apparently did n’t give any warning at all .
The ties between wealthy Saudi figures and al - Qaeda are many , and too complicated to go into here .
But it is interesting to notice that , while discussing the resignation of Prince Turki al - Faisal , the head of the Saudi intelligence agency , the Wall Street Journal has speculated that the Saudi Arabian government may have had foreknowledge of 9/11 : “ The timing of Turki ’s removal — August 31 — and his Taliban connection raise the question :
Did the Saudi regime know that bin Laden was planning his attack against the US ?
The current view among Saudi - watchers is that this is doubtful , but that the House of Saud might have heard rumors that something was planned , though they did not know what or when . ”
An interesting and possibly significant detail is that Prince Sultan , the defense minister , was due to visit Japan in early September , but canceled his trip for no apparent reason two days before his planned departure .
[ Wall Street Journal , 10/22/01 ]
In fact , that same Prince Sultan appears to have rejected a chance to warn the US .
In August 2001 , a military associate of a Middle Eastern prince passed information to former CIA agent Robert Baer about a “ spectacular terrorist operation ” to take place shortly .
He also gave Baer a computer record of around 600 secret al - Qaeda operatives in Saudi Arabia and Yemen .
But when Baer tried to give this information to Prince Sultan , he was rebuffed .
Baer gave the information to the CIA as well , making this apparently yet another ignored warning .
[ Financial Times ,
1/12/02 , See No Evil : The True Story of a Ground Soldier in the CIA ’s War on Terrorism , Robert Baer , 2/02 , pp. 270-271 , Breakdown : How America ’s Intelligence Failures Led to September 11 , Bill Gertz , pp. 55 - 58 ]
The story of Pakistan ’s direct involvement in 9/11 is another topic beyond the scope of this essay .
One example will suffice .
The Wall Street Journal reported in October 2001 that Lt. Gen. Mahmud Ahmed , head of the Pakistani intelligence agency Inter - Services Intelligence , ordered $ 100,000 be given to Mohamed Atta in the US .
The Journal further noted that the FBI had confirmed this information .
[ Wall Street Journal , 10/10/01 ]
So perhaps it ’s not surprising that Pakistan would n’t warn the US what its intelligence chief was up to .
But again , this information did reach the US through other means .
On July 14 , 1999 , Randy Glass , a thief turned government informant , was wiretapping a meeting in New York City in which he was trying to sell military equipment to some Pakistanis as part of a sting operation .
During the meeting , a Pakistani intelligence agent pointed to the World Trade Center and said to Glass , “ Those towers are coming down . ”
Glass recorded this on tape , and passed this and other disturbing evidence to his local congressperson , senator , and others .
Senator Bob Graham has admitted his office received such a warning from Glass before 9/11 .
[ Palm Beach Post , 10/17/02 ]
What Defenses ?
From this list , one can see there were many warnings specifying the type of attack , a general timeframe , and the location as either New York City or the World Trade Center .
And this list only includes warnings from foreign governments , and excludes warnings from the US itself : its own communications intercepts , individuals with foreknowledge , suggestions from similar attacks , and the knowledge of American intelligence agents on the track of al - Qaeda .
We know that US intelligence was suffering “ warning fatigue ” from so many notifications of an upcoming al - Qaeda attack .
One would think that , based on these warnings , the US would have dramatically increased its security .
One would be wrong .
But in fact , while the US recently had over 100 fighters defending the US , the number was reduced in 1997 to save money .
By 9/11 there were supposedly only 14 fighters protecting the entire US , and most of those were focused on drug interdiction .
Of the 14 , only four were in the greater vicinity of New York or Washington .
Supposedly , on 9/11 there was not a single plane on alert within 100 miles of either city .
With so many warnings suggesting an imminent attack would come from the air and / or target important , symbolic buildings , why were n’t New York , Washington and other probable target areas defended with fighters or antiaircraft batteries ?
There was an antiaircraft battery permanently stationed on top of the White House , but inexplicably it was n’t used to shoot down Flight 77 , which flew low over the White House before making a sharp turn and hitting the Pentagon .
[ Dallas Morning News ,
9/16/01 , Newsday , 9/23/01 ]
The US government has not claimed it improved ground security before 9/11 at places like the Pentagon and World Trade Center either .
In case there was a failure of imagination , Italy had just set an example two months before 9/11 on how to respond to a terrorist threat :
After receiving a warning that a summit of world leaders in the city of Genoa would be targeted by al - Qaeda , they conspicuously defended the city with increased police , antiaircraft batteries , and constantly flying fighter jets .
Apparently the press coverage of the defenses caused al - Qaeda to cancel the attack .
President Bush could hardly have failed to notice , since he took the unusual step of sleeping on board a US aircraft carrier during the summit .
[ BBC , 7/18/01 , CNN , 7/18/01 , Los Angeles Times , 9/27/01 ]
Conclusion
One single warning should have been enough to take precautions , but with so many warnings coming in , how can inaction be explained as mere incompetence ?
Yes , it is often difficult to know which terrorist threats are real , and what information to trust .
But if the US could n’t take seriously warnings from close allies like Britain , France , Germany , Italy , and so on , then what were they waiting for ?
What would they have taken seriously ?
And where is the outrage , the investigation ?
As can be seen with the recent Congressional inquiry , the typical US government response has been to ignore these foreign government warnings altogether , or to say they were lies .
On October 17 , 2002 , CIA Director Tenet claimed that the only warnings “ where there was a geographic context , either explicit or implicit , appeared to point abroad , especially to the Middle East . ” [ Congressional Intelligence Committee , 10/17/02 ]
On May 16 , 2002 , National Security Advisor Condoleezza
Rice stated to the press : “ I do n’t think anybody could have predicted that these people would take an airplane and slam it into the World Trade Center , take another one and slam it into the Pentagon , that they would try to use an airplane as a missile . ”
She added that “ even in retrospect ” there was “ nothing ” to suggest that .
[ White House , 5/16/02 ]
On June 7 , 2002 , President Bush stated , “ Based on everything I ’ve seen , I do not believe anyone could have prevented the horror of September the 11th . ” [ Sydney Morning Herald , 6/8/02 ]
Either the Bush Administration is lying , or most of America ’s close allies are .
So why has n’t Congress investigated these foreign intelligence claims ?
Why has n’t a single mainstream media article connected all these dots , or given these warnings the coverage they deserve ?
Either some people within the US government knew the 9/11 attack would happen and did nothing , or some people within the US government failed to heed advice from a dozen foreign governments and properly defend the US from attack .
Perhaps both .
These people should be removed from office on the grounds of gross incompetence , or face the legal consequences of aiding and abetting terrorism .
It seems clear that there are people who fear an investigation , and that that is why these dots are left unconnected .
Ultimately , we are all in grave danger if these same officials continue to be in charge of protecting us from terrorist attacks .
ABC has dropped one sci- fi , conspiracy - laden drama , but saved another .
The alphabet network cancelled " FlashForward " due to low ratings , but has renewed " V , " the alien invasion remake of the ' 80s show .
Despite initially receiving positive reviews , " FlashForward , " which follows a special FBI task force investigating people 's flash - forwards caused by a global blackout , the show dropped from 12.47 million when it debuted in September to 4.77 million on the latest episode .
A few months ago , I bought a Diva 2 , which resulted too long for me .
I was debating between it being too long or weak pelvic floor , as I am 45 and had a twin pregnancy 14 year ago .
I have been using the Diva inside out and still , the bottom is a little bit out of my body .
This and the fact that it overflows even without being full , makes me think about a dangly and very low cervix .
I can touch my cervix inserting just to the first knuckle of my middle finger , but the last day of my period is even lower .
I can feel the string of my IUD poking my labia even after I ’ve gotten the string trimmed shorter .
The only cup approved in my country is the Diva , so buying any other is expensive , and the shipping costs made it even more expensive .
I ca n’t afford trying a cup that might not work as happened with the Diva .
I asked for advice in some forum and I got the suggestion to get a cheap cup from China to test the size .
So , I did .
The cup took 3 months to arrive .
It is shorter than Diva , with 37 mm long without the stem and the same width than Diva .
I ca n’t tell if it is softer .
I ’m not confident on using this cup form more than one or two days , so I waited for the heaviest day of my period and yes !!!
It is perfect in size and shape .
It has a U shape and even in my heaviest day I had no leaks at all .
And I barely felt it , just the lump left after cutting the stem irritated me a little , but for a while , I even forgot I was with my period .
Smart Grid 2.0 Building the Internet of Energy Supply
The electricity industry is spending billions on building new , transnational power lines to harness electricity from renewable energy sources .
The intelligent grid is designed to make distribution more reliable and efficient , but are consumers playing along ?
The answer is 52 percent — an outcome that is barely better than that of a coin flip .
This means that although the value of players declines throughout the draft , quality declines more slowly than compensation — players picked early are very highly paid .
As a result , the first pick in the draft has often provided less value to his team , in performance per dollar , than the last pick in the first round ( the one awarded to the Super Bowl winner ) .
In other words , in the world of the N.F.L. draft , the rich get richer .
The league has helped to create this problem in the way it pays rookies .
A special salary cap applies to rookies and , unlike the overall salary cap the league uses , it varies across teams .
The teams with the first picks get more money to spend on signing their draftees .
Since agents know how much a team has been allocated to sign the first - round pick , they demand that amount for their player .
As a result , compensation for draft picks declines almost in lock step ; the first player gets the most , then the second pick , and so on , with the last player taken in the first round getting only 25 percent of the amount awarded to the first pick .
It turns out that the N.F.L. and the players ’ union are trying to renegotiate their collective bargaining agreement .
One topic reported to be on the bargaining table is shifting some of the pay away from early draft picks .
The owners and players should find common ground on this issue , because it makes absolutely no sense to be giving so much money to unproven rookies , many of whom turn out to be busts .
By reducing the premium paid to the highest draft choices , the league could restore the redistributive goal that the draft was created to achieve .
And veteran players would probably agree with the principle that eight - figure salaries should be reserved for players who have already proved themselves on the field .
SO if teams ’ ability to select players is only slightly better than flipping coins , should we expect that corporations can do any better in picking their chief executives ?
After all , it ’s probably easier to predict the performance of football players than of C.E.O.’s .
Athletes perform the same job in a very public forum for years , and all aspects of their job are subject to wide critical evaluation .
They are also given extensive physical and mental tests .
( Yes , it is important for a football player to be smart — and several years of college do n’t assure that . )
On the other hand , chief executives hired from outside a particular company have been performing mostly in private .
And I ’ve never heard of a prospective C.E.O. being given an I.Q. test — or having to run the business version of the 40 - yard dash ( perhaps a press conference ? ) .
So maybe companies should n’t pay big bucks in the desperate hope of getting the equivalent of a Peyton Manning , who was the first overall pick in 1998 and , of course , has proved his superstar value .
Instead , maybe they should dig around for a replica of Tom Brady , who was the 199th pick in the 2000 draft and has gone on to play in four Super Bowls , winning three .
Brad Friedman Byon 4/14/2010 , 2:38 pm PT
House Judiciary Chair Rep. John Conyers ( D - MI ) has just issued a statement [ posted in full below ] calling on the FBI to fire those who broke the law by issuing improper letters from the FBI in order to receive access to thousands of Americans ' phone records from 2003 through 2006 under the guise of " national security . "
" I call upon FBI Director Mueller to take immediate action to punish those who violated the rules , " Conyers says in the statement , " including firing them from the agency . "
" Today 's hearing showed that the FBI broke the law on telephone records privacy and the General Counsel 's Office , headed by Valerie Caproni , sanctioned it and must face consequences , " said Conyers .
" In some cases agents sent letters with information known to be false . "
His statement even quotes the former Republican chair of the Committee , Rep. James Sensenbrenner ( R - WI ) , sharing the sentiment :
' I'm extremely disappointed that every time Congress has tried to plug potential civil rights and civil liberties violations in our counterterrorism activities , the FBI seems to have figured out a way to get around it .
In a related matter , late last month a federal judge found the Bush Administration 's warrantless domestic wiretapping program to be illegal .
So this would be the second time in several weeks where the former administration was found to have violated the law and the U.S. Constitution in order to spy inappropriately and illegally on American citizens .
Will those Tea Baggers who claim to believe in the Constitution and the Rule of Law join the call for accountability yet ?
( Careful :
It 's a trick question , Tea Baggers , since the accountability would include members of the Bush Administration , and we realize your calls for " accountability " only go so far .
On the other hand , if it 's okay for Bush to have done it , we 'll presume you do n't mind if Obama spies on you either . )
Conyers ' complete statement , issued late this afternoon , follows below ...
Wednesday , April 14 , 2010 Conyers : FBI Broke the Law and General Counsel 's Office , Headed by Valerie Caproni , Sanctioned It and Must Face Consequences House Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers , Jr. ( D - Mich . ) issued the following statement after the Judiciary Subcommittee Hearing on the Report by the Office of Inspector General ( IG ) of the Department of Justice on the FBI 's Use of Exigent Letters and Other Informal Requests for Telephone Records .
" Today 's hearing showed that the FBI broke the law on telephone records privacy and the General Counsel 's Office , headed by Valerie Caproni , sanctioned it and must face consequences , " said Conyers .
" I call upon FBI Director Mueller to take immediate action to punish those who violated the rules , including firing them from the agency .
This must include the FBI Office of General Counsel , headed by Valerie Caproni , which the IG testified today had ' approved [ the ] continued use ' of exigent letters and ' provided legal advice that was inconsistent with ' federal law .
" Between 2003 and 2006 , the FBI improperly obtained personal telephone record information from U.S. telephone companies for more than 5,500 phone numbers , including private details protected by federal law .
The IG found that , during this period , much of this information was obtained through the use of so - called ' exigent letters ' , which do not exist in the Patriot Act and have no statutory basis whatsoever .
In some cases agents sent letters with information known to be false .
" The FBI must fulfill its obligations to protect the rights as well as the security of all Americans .
I share the concerns of my colleague , the former Republican Chairman of the Committee James Sensenbrenner ( R - Wis. ) , who today said , ' I 'm extremely disappointed that every time Congress has tried to plug potential civil rights and civil liberties violations in our counterterrorism activities , the FBI seems to have figured out a way to get around it . '
###
Montreuil - sous - Bois , France - Ubisoft plans to build a global network of " gaming centers " where players wishing to play the company 's game will have to visit to play new titles supervised by Ubisoft " service coordinators . "
The plans are going forward despite growing complaints about Ubisoft 's current DRM scheme , which requires a constant Internet connection to the company 's DRM servers .
These servers have gone dark causing many people who paid for the game to be unable to play it .
Guillemot said that Magneto's plastic prison in X2 was the " inspiration for the new gaming centers . "
Ubisoft CEO
Yves Guillemot said , " This plan will create a great environment for the gamer and protect our games from piracy .
It 's a win -win situation for everyone .
Our gaming centers will be equipped with the latest in hardware technology for gamers to enjoy our latest titles .
Our service coordinators will make sure each gamer has been properly licensed before allowing them into the transparent gaming cubes to play the games . "
Other executives in the video game industry hail the move as revolutionary , and see it as the future of content protection .
Barry Crumholtz of Electronic
Arts said , " Let 's see the pirates break this DRM .
I 'm having my assistants preparing taunts for them as we speak . "
The first gaming centers will be built in large metropolitan areas where they can serve the most users .
Each center will be large enough to accommodate at least 1000 gamers on the latest consoles and PC hardware .
Gamers will purchase hourly licenses for the games , and assent to a full - cavity body search before allowed to play the games in the heavily - monitored gaming cubes .
Hacking groups admit that they will be unable to break the DRM on the games .
" Looks like Ubisoft finally has us beat , " said CaptainDestro of the Unlimited Zero piracy club .
" They will certainly reap the rewards of not having their games pirated now . "
Guillemot said the company did not test the new system with actual gamers , but the company 's lawyers and accountants showed strong support for it .
Ubisoft 's stock was down on the news .
Related News Warez Hut Changes Piracy Policy MPAA Studios to Liquidate Assets Due to Movie Piracy New Encryption Technology Makes Copying CDs Impossible
[ Haskell ] ANN : Yi 0.6.2.2
Hi everybody , I 'm very excited to announce the first release of Yi in nearly a year .
For most of this time , Yi has been rather tough to install because of the mess of dependencies .
Today these issues were resolved , and I uploaded a new package to Hackage , so installing Yi should be as simple as : $ cabal update $ cabal install yi If you have Gtk2 Hs , it 'll automatically build with Pango support , too .
If not , it 'll use the vty package on Hackage .
I 'm not sure whether either of these will work on Windows , unfortunately .
There have also been a few changes since the last release a year ago : * Improvements to the Scion bindings , which may make it easier to work with GHC from within the editor .
* Initial support for TextMate - style snippet support .
* Various Pango UI improvements ( e.g. horizontal scrolling support and improved support for tabs ) .
* Various parser improvements , especially for the Haskell and JS parsers .
* Replaced HConf with Dyre , which handles xmonad - style configs and recompiles .
* Upgrade to VTY 4.0 , which has large speed improvements .
* Many , many optimizations .
Yi 0.6.2.2 is on Hackage here : http://hackage.haskell.org/package/yi-0.6.2.2 -- Jeff Wheeler Undergraduate , Electrical Engineering University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign
A professor of business surveyed more than 9,000 managers and workers and found a familiar paradox : nearly everyone considers email checking and texting during face - to - face meetings rude , but most people still do it .
She suggests more meeting breaks fix the problem .
Advertisement
Photo by ilamont.com .
In a longer piece about the nature of " incivility " and how younger workers ' familiarity with electronics fosters it in the workplace , Christine Pearson examines how many managers and co-workers deal every day with digital rudeness .
Emails or IMs that should n't stand in for personal contact , talking on cellphones in earshot of coworkers , and checking texts or emails during meetings happens every day , but such situations are allowed to slip because their root causes are n't addressed .
Advertisement
One thing to consider is asking for more breaks during long meetings with full cellphone access , but firmly disallowing the devices during the actual talking portions .
The seeming compulsion to use such devices , after all , often stems from wanting to take a break from face time .
Through our devices , we find a way to disappear without leaving the room .
By splitting ourselves off and reaching out electronically , we fill empty interpersonal space and ignite our senses .
We can find relief and a fleeting sense of freedom .
Decades ago , the sociologist Barry Schwartz commended the group - preserving functions of dissociating .
Everyone , he said , reaches a threshold beyond which working with others is irritating , even unendurable .
Finding a mental escape can help us deal with the problem .
But electronic devices have led to a serious overuse of this strategy - to the detriment of everyone .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
What 's the worst e-behavior your coworkers pull on a daily basis ?
What bad electronic habits can't you break yourself away from ?
Texting in Meetings - It Means ‘ I Don't Care ' [ NYTimes.com ]
NEW BILLION - DOLLAR CROP Popular Mechanics February , 1938 Note :
There was so little public attention and notice to the need for a ban on marijuana , or the resulting legislation ( Marihuana Tax Act of 1937 ) , that the editors apparently did not realize that it had already been outlawed when they published this article .
AMERICAN farmers are promised a new cash crop with an annual value of several hundred million dollars , all because a machine has been invented which solves a problem more than 6,000 years old .
It is hemp , a crop that will not compete with other American products .
Instead , it will displace imports of raw material and manufactured products produced by underpaid coolie and peasant labor and it will provide thousands of jobs for American workers throughout the land .
The machine which makes this possible is designed for removing the fiber - bearing cortex from the rest of the stalk , making hemp fiber available for use without a prohibitive amount of human labor .
Hemp is the standard fiber of the world .
It has great tensile strength and durability .
It is used to produce more than 5,000 textile products , ranging from rope to fine laces , and the woody " hurds " remaining after the fiber has been removed contain more than seventy - seven per cent cellulose , and can be used to produce more than 25,000 products , ranging from dynamite to Cellophane .
Machines now in service in Texas , Illinois , Minnesota and other states are producing fiber at a manufacturing cost of half a cent a pound , and are finding a profitable market for the rest of the stalk .
Machine operators are making a good profit in competition with coolie - produced foreign fiber while paying farmers fifteen dollars a ton for hemp as it comes from the field .
From the farmers ' point of view , hemp is an easy crop to grow and will yield from three to six tons per acre on any land that will grow corn , wheat , or oats .
It has a short growing season , so that it can be planted after other crops are in .
It can be grown in any state of the union .
The long roots penetrate and break the soil to leave it in perfect condition for the next year 's crop .
The dense shock of leaves , eight to twelve feet above the ground , chokes out weeds .
Two successive crops are enough to reclaim land that has been abandoned because of Canadian thistles or quack grass .
Under old methods , hemp was cut and allowed to lie in the fields for weeks until it " retted " enough so the fibers could be pulled off by hand .
Retting is simply rotting as a result of dew , rain and bacterial action .
Machines were developed to separate the fibers mechanically after retting was complete , but the cost was high , the loss of fiber great , and the quality of fiber comparatively low .
With the new machine , known as a decorticator , hemp is cut with a slightly modified grain binder .
It is delivered to the machine where an automatic chain conveyor feeds it to the breaking arms at the rate of two or three tons per hour .
The hurds are broken into fine pieces which drop into the hopper , from where they are delivered by blower to a baler or to truck or freight car for loose shipment .
The fiber comes from the other end of the machine , ready for baling .
From this point on almost anything can happen .
The raw fiber can be used to produce strong twine or rope , woven into burlap , used for carpet warp or linoleum backing or it may be bleached and refined , with resinous by - products of high commercial value .
It can , in fact , be used to replace the foreign fibers which now flood our markets .
Thousands of tons of hemp hurds are used every year by one large powder company for the manufacture of dynamite and TNT .
A large paper company , which has been paying more than a million dollars a year in duties on foreign - made cigarette papers , now is manufacturing these papers from American hemp grown in Minnesota .
A new factory in Illinois is producing fine bond papers from hemp .
The natural materials in hemp make it an economical source of pulp for any grade of paper manufactured , and the high percentage of alpha cellulose promises an unlimited supply of raw material for the thousands of cellulose products our chemists have developed .
It is generally believed that all linen is produced from flax .
Actually , the majority comes from hemp -- authorities estimate that more than half of our imported linen fabrics are manufactured from hemp fiber .
Another misconception is that burlap is made from hemp .
Actually , its source is usually jute , and practically all of the burlap we use is woven by laborers in India who receive only four cents a day .
Binder twine is usually made from sisal which comes from Yucatan and East Africa .
All of these products , now imported , can be produced from home - grown hemp .
Fish nets , bow strings , canvas , strong rope , overalls , damask tablecloths , fine linen garments , towels , bed linen and thousands of other everyday items can be grown on American farms .
Our imports of foreign fabrics and fibers average about $ 200,000,000 per year ; in raw fibers alone we imported over $ 50,000,000 in the first six months of 1937 .
All of this income can be made available for Americans .
The paper industry offers even greater possibilities .
As an industry it amounts to over $ 1,000,000,000 a year , and of that eighty per cent is imported .
But hemp will produce every grade of paper , and government figures estimate that 10,000 acres devoted to hemp will produce as much paper as 40,000 acres of average pulp land .
One obstacle in the onward march of hemp is the reluctance of farmers to try new crops .
The problem is complicated by the need for proper equipment a reasonable distance from the farm .
The machine cannot be operated profitably unless there is enough acreage within driving range and farmers cannot find a profitable market unless there is machinery to handle the crop .
Another obstacle is that the blossom of the female hemp plant contains marijuana , a narcotic , and it is impossible to grow hemp without producing the blossom .
Federal regulations now being drawn up require registration of hemp growers , and tentative proposals for preventing narcotic production are rather stringent .
However , the connection of hemp as a crop and marijuana seems to be exaggerated .
The drug is usually produced from wild hemp or locoweed which can be found on vacant lots and along railroad tracks in every state .
If federal regulations can be drawn to protect the public without preventing the legitimate culture of hemp , this new crop can add immeasurably to American agriculture and industry .
" Popular Mechanics Magazine " can furnish the name and address of the maker of , or dealer in , any article described in its pages .
If you wish this information , write to the Bureau of Information , enclosing a stamped , self - addressed envelope .
Nintendo appears to be testing a new DS - very likely the 3DS - with the US Federal Communications Commission .
Images of the testing , seemingly now removed from the FCC filing , showed what is referred to as a " Nintendo CTR Target Board " .
The company 's aim with this deposition was seemingly to get the Wi-Fi card used by the system approved for use in the USA .
So what is this board exactly , and what does it tell us ?
The only image we have was initially posted at the end of last month by WirelessGoodness , and brought to our attention by reader Daniele Brigliadori , and can be seen below .
It looks like a Nintendo DS test kit or development station stripped down to the motherboard .
As the testing was all about the Wi-Fi card , its components have been highlighted in the FCC 's images .
WirelessGoodness surmised that it may be a new iteration of DS , or it could simply be a test board submitted by Nintendo to get approval for the inclusion of a new Wi -Fi card for the existing model .
However , the twin screen arrangement on this system is unlike anything seen in any current DS system .
All DS systems released to date feature dual 4:3 screens , but what we are clearly seeing here is a widescreen display paired with the more traditional display .
If this is the new Nintendo 3DS in test kit form , it suggests that the system retains its unique dual - screen set - up , but that only one of the displays features Sharp 's auto - stereoscopic 3D tech , with the second , lower screen running without the 3D functionality .
It 's a shame that the only photograph we have is low - resolution , making in - depth examination of the setup of the board all but impossible .
However , we do see the inclusion of stereo speakers , a slot for DS cartridges plus the usual SD card port too - standard for the normal DS of course , but expected for the new hardware any way .
Perhaps the biggest tell , however , is the codename : CTR .
Each of the Nintendo hardware revisions for the DS has been given such a three - letter codename .
The Nintendo DSi is referred to internally as TWL , while its jumbo counterpart , the DSi XL , is known as UTL .
The CTR designation has n't been used before , which along with the screen configuration suggests a brand new kind of Nintendo DS .
With the firm extremely unlikely to launch a new iteration of the existing hardware with the 3DS just around the corner , it does strongly suggest that this is indeed development hardware strongly connected to a new platform .
Arizona ’s new law on illegal immigration could violate international standards that are binding in the United States , six U.N. human rights experts said Tuesday .
The basic human rights regulations , signed by the U.S. and many other nations , regard issues such as discrimination and the terms under which a person can be detained , the experts said .
“ A disturbing pattern of legislative activity hostile to ethnic minorities and immigrants has been established with the adoption of an immigration law that may allow for police action targeting individuals on the basis of their perceived ethnic origin , ” the experts said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Arizona ’s new sweeping law targeting illegal immigration has provisions that include requiring police enforcing another law to question a person about his or her immigration status , if there is “ reasonable suspicion ” that the person is in the United States illegally .
It also makes it a state crime to be in the country illegally .
In America , critics have said the law violates the U.S. Constitution ’s provisions against unreasonable search and seizure and will result in racial profiling of Hispanics .
Supporters deny that and say the law will pressure illegal immigrants to leave the country on their own .
In their statement , the six U.N. experts said : “ States are required to respect and ensure the human rights of all persons subject to their jurisdiction , without discrimination . ”
“ Relevant international standards require that detention be used only as an exceptional measure , justified , narrowly tailored and proportional in each individual case , and that it be subject to judicial review , ” the experts said .
The law could result in potential discrimination against Mexicans , indigenous peoples and other minorities in Arizona , the U.N. officials said .
ADVERTISEMENT
They also said they are concerned about the enactment of a law prohibiting Arizona school programs featuring the histories and cultures of ethnic minorities because everyone has the right to learn about his own cultural and linguistic heritage .
The six U.N. human rights experts , who are unpaid , are
_Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants Jorge Bustamante of Mexico ;
ADVERTISEMENT
_Special Rapporteur on contemporary forms of racism , racial discrimination , xenophobia and related intolerance Githu Muigai of Kenya ;
_Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights and fundamental freedoms of indigenous people James Anaya of the United States ;
ADVERTISEMENT
_ Independent Expert in the field of cultural rights Farida Shaheed of Pakistan ;
_Special Rapporteur on the right to education Vernor Munos Villalobos of Costa Rica ; and
_ Independent Expert on minority issues Gay McDougall of the United States .
Marquette University on Thursday abruptly rescinded an offer to a sociologist to serve as dean of one of its colleges , angering some students and faculty members who said the university did so after learning she was a lesbian who wrote about sexuality .
Marquette , a Roman Catholic university run by Jesuits in Milwaukee , said the professor lacked “ the ability to represent the Marquette mission and identity . ”
The professor , Jodi O’Brien , who teaches sociology at Seattle University , is openly gay and writes frequently about sexuality in academic journals .
Nancy E. Snow , a professor of philosophy at Marquette who had supported Dr. O’Brien ’s candidacy for dean of the College of Arts and Sciences , said of the decision , “ This is discrimination based on sexual orientation , and is a complete betrayal of our commitment to human dignity and diversity . ”
So in my last post I had mentioned some of the issues that have been encountered with KPixmapCache , and that I was working on a separate implementation .
Based on the fact that the underlying code is easily made more general purpose I ’ve gone ahead and went down that path .
With that in mind , the current code I have is available from a branch of kdelibs that I ’ve made a few hours ago , called kdelibs - shareddatacache , available from / branches / work .
This branch adds a class called KSharedDataCache , adds a KImageCache which operates on top of KSharedDataCache , and updates Plasma : : Theme and KIconLoader to both use KSharedDataCache .
I do n’t have time to go over the implementation details ( I ’ll try to do so this week if I get time though ) but I will throw out the following :
My port of KIconLoader was so much of a hack that the original KIconCache is still there !
It ’s just not being used for icons .
I think the Plasma : : Theme work is a little cleaner but probably could be better handled itself .
Changing the icons requires a separate patch to kdebase / runtime / kcontrol / icons that I will apply if this should ever land in trunk .
( It ’s a bit faster too … )
On the topic of speed , I do n’t have any benchmarks , mostly because that was n’t the reason I was mucking about in the cache .
It seems a bit faster to me but I ’ve done no formal testing .
My larger concern was correctness .
Absolutely everything is locked ( double - locked in one particular scenario I was able to think of , look in the code if you ’re interested … ) and things seem to pass the consistency tests I ’ve been able to throw at it now .
The limited testsuite for kiconloader seems to work as well .
This work depends on having a pthreads library with “ process - shared ” locking primitives ( at the very least mutexes ) but I have not added relevant CMake checks yet .
Now that I think about it I also probably should be using timeouts and checking some more return codes here and there .
It ’s available if you ’re interested though .
If you do go this route , I have an auxiliary tool which you can use to view the contents of a cache :
It obviously requires the headers for the new classes so you will need to have installed the modified kdelibs .
You can download the source from http://purinchu.net/dumping-ground/cacheviewer-1.0.tar.bz2.
When it asks for a cache name , just give it one of the *.kcache files in your / var / tmp / kdecache - $USER directory ( examples : icon-cache or plasma_theme_Aya ( or whatever theme you ’re using ) ) .
( By the way , is n’t it * scary * that the icon cache had been accessed more than 100,000 times in a 12 - hour period ? ;)
The deal , effectively to shore up the euro , was denounced as a “ stitch - up ” last night after it emerged Nicolas Sarkozy , the French President and Angela Merkel , the German Chancellor , had devised it behind closed doors and were attempting to push it through at a time when there is no clear government in Britain .
Nicaragua is one of those destinations that tends to get a “ You ’re going where ? ” any time you mention your travel plans .
Despite the fact that Nicaragua ’s notorious civil war ended a generation ago , its name remains stubbornly connected to violence and Regan - era scandal .
Which is truly undeserved and a darn shame .
It ’s got tropical beaches .
It ’s got volcanos .
It ’s got friendly people .
It ’s only two - and - a - half hours from the US .
And a trip here costs a fraction of the price of a vacation in neighboring Costa Rica .
On our recent trip , we ate , drank , and did anything we fancied and the final cost was … not that bad .
Nicaragua still sees more tourists with backpacks than suitcases , but that does n’t mean you ’ll be sleeping in hostels and eating your meals sitting on a curb .
There are plenty of upscale hotels and refined dining options — most of them so inexpensive that you can opt for upgrades and order lobster with unbridled abandon .
And you wo n’t be the only ones bringing your kids there .
Seriously .
We met other vacationing families every place we went .
And the hotels and restaurants were ready to receive us , pink kitty suitcases and all .
So how rustic is it ?
You get a good flavor for Nicaragua by taking a spin down its stretch of the Pan - American Highway .
Its two lanes comprise one of Nicaragua ’s few paved roads and bear everything from old American school buses whizzing to market with produce and passengers on the roof , to sleek new Mercedes sedans , to ox carts loaded with two stories of hay .
Chickens literally cross the road ( our preschooler was beside herself at that one ) , along with cows , pigs , and dogs .
Along the margins , street vendors roast fabulous - smelling meats on giant wok - like skillets .
Women in frilly aprons stroll by with enormous baskets of bread balanced on their heads .
Howler monkeys swing from the trees .
The daily grind seems like a carnival — all at once wholesome , frenetic , pastoral , and gritty .
Granada , with heart .
While you ’ll land in Nicaragua ’s largest city , Managua , there is little to see and no reason to dillydally .
Granada , just an hour south of the airport , has far more to recommend .
Founded way back in 1524 , Granada maintains a rather down - at - the - heel colonial charm .
A cathedral - flanked central park is always abuzz , a looming ( but gentle ) volcano owns the horizon , and its ramshackle side streets echo with hoofbeats mingled with the buzz of motorcycles .
The center of the city is easily walkable and always interesting — I would n’t so much as run an errand without bringing our camera .
Our family stayed at the commendable and kid-friendly Hotel con Corazon .
Its name translates into “ hotel with heart ” — and with good reason .
The hotel is a non-profit operation that supports the local community with an emphasis on education and responsible tourism .
Just because Hotel con Corazon is a hotel with a mission does n’t mean trading altruism for comfort .
The hotel is so clean , cozy , and well run that you ’d forget that you were staying at a non -profit foundation , were it not for its prevailing warm and fuzzy vibe .
The rooms have a Scandinavian sensibility , with clean lines , minimal furnishings , and walls adorned with photographs taken by Nicaraguan youngsters .
In the main quad , you can linger over a cheerful breakfast or check your email from a hammock in the hotel ’s lush garden .
Or have their warm , English - speaking staff arrange a day trip for you through one of their various community partnerships .
Along with all the usual Granada sightseeing tours , Hotel con Corazon also offers activities especially for families , including piñata - making workshops , lake fishing expeditions , or cross-cultural play dates with Granadan kids .
Hotel con Corazon ’s nightly rates range from US $ 63 for a low - season double , to $ 116 for a high - season two - room family suite ( with travel crib , if you ask ) .
Breakfast is included .
To Hell and back in a ( lovely ) day .
If you are short on time , you can cram three of Granada ’s most popular day trips into a single ambitious day .
Begin with the very much active Masaya Volcano , next make an afternoon stop in Masaya ’s renowned market , then end the day with a late afternoon cruise on massive Lake Nicaragua .
A short drive outside the city , Masaya is a must - see hell mouth of sulfurous steam .
Unsuccessfully exorcised by Spanish missionaries who thought they ’d found the gate to the underworld , Masaya has been active enough to hurl boulders at sightseers as recently as 2001 .
Hilariously dire reminders to park your car facing the exit and dive under your vehicle if the volcano starts acting up add a note of adventure to an otherwise easy outing .
Safely downslope from the cone of Volcán Masaya is the village that shares its name .
Widely renowned for having the biggest and best craft shopping in Central America , the double markets of Masaya would take days to thoroughly explore .
No mere tourist show , Masaya ’s New Market is a sprawling labyrinth of stalls selling everything from shoes to squid .
If you ’re short on time ( or olfactory fortitude — the meat district smells just as you ’d expect piles of offal in the tropical sun to smell ) , the nearby Old Market caters directly to tourists .
Its celebrated collection of dealers and artisans offer such Nicaraguan staples as handcrafted hammocks ( a must - have souvenir ) , traditional pottery , soapstone sculptures , and a variety of textiles and woodcrafts .
Back in Granada , board a safe and stable panga boat ( with kid - size life jackets ) for a cruise around Lake Nicaragua ’s unique community of isletas .
Late afternoon is a great time to explore the lake .
With the heat of the day abating , the hundreds of tiny islets go through an intriguing sunset bustle .
Dozens of residents hop from island to island in row boats or pull nets from the Lake Nicaragua ’s depths .
Thousands of roosting lake birds fill the trees as the sun sets vividly between Mombacho Volcano and Granada ’s cathedral - dotted skyline .
Meeting my beloved coffee at its source .
Masaya ’s sister volcano , Mombacho , can be thanked for the isletas ’ existence .
It was a massive explosion ages ago that jetted about a third of Masaya into the lake .
Today Mombacho is calm and forested , with only a few fumeroles to remind you that it is dormant , but not extinct .
Hotel con Corazon arranged a guided visit to Mombacho and the slope - side village of San Pancho .
In San Pancho , a local farmer named Don Julio walked us through the village ’s shade - grown coffee plantation and croplands as our guide described the strict logging rules and conscientious farming practices that make these farms look like forests .
We nibbled coffee berries , gathered produce , and watched howler monkeys swing through the passionately protected canopy .
All our ambling finally led us past a dozen or so simple and dusty homesteads to Don Julio ’s own home , where the doña of the the house prepared a wholesome meal completely from food gathered from their farm .
And let me tell you , the do ña could cook !
After lunch , we rolled ourselves onto a military - weight truck and drove toward the summit of the volcano .
Slightly upslope , a quick stop at Cafe las Flores showed how coffee berries become the beans we know and love .
The small factory shop offered sample brew and bags of beans at a bargain ( US $ 4 a pound ! ) .
Further up the steep and switch - backed road , the summit of Mombacho has some great hikes around the extinct caldera .
In about an hour , you can hike through a lush forest paradise full of birds , scads of butterflies , and trees laden with dozens of species of wild orchids .
Beyond the forest are unrivaled views of the lake and isletas , tiny Granada , and a half - dozen other volcanos in the region ’s chain .
On a clear day , views sprawl as far as the Pacific Ocean .
Town life in Granada
Back in Granada , we squeezed in the requisite ( especially if you have a four - year - old girl traveling with you ) horse - drawn carriage ride around the city .
We did n’t insist on an English - speaking driver ( a luxury that will bring the cost of the one - hour tour from about US $ 10 to US $ 15 ) , which meant many of the city ’s landmarks were lost on us .
In hindsight , it is worth the effort to ask along the ever - present row of carriage drivers around the central Parque Colon to find one who can provide commentary along with quaintness .
Eating and drinking in Granada is inexpensive and laden with delicacies .
Seafood figures prominently on Granadan menus , including fish , lobster , and shrimp harvested both from the nearby ocean and the lake itself .
Sangria is the local tipple , and Flor de Caña rum is the boast .
Make a small splurge and try the brand ’s premium 18 - year variety , a rum so smooth and mellow that it can be sipped like cognac .
We dined one night on the sidewalk of the touristy Calle de Calzada and regretted it .
While the carnival atmosphere of street performers and musicians is entertaining , the incessant table - side onslaught of street vendors , performers seeking tips , and bold beggars become a nuisance .
Instead , opt for one of the city ’s many better restaurants with courtyard gardens .
Loaded with colonial charm , these places offer the delight of dining al fresco with the quietude of a private garden .
Even better , all had at least one hammock ; a blessing for anyone dining with small kids .
With room to run and play for our daughters , we could actually order multiple courses — and even a digestif .
Family - friendly — and gourmet .
By all accounts , Granada ’s most acclaimed restaurant is El Zaguán .
Our guidebook advised us to follow our noses to it meat - laden grill , and their instructions were perfect .
It looks like nothing from the street , but inside it ’s a refined fiesta with fine dining , vivacious live music , and a grill you will photograph and brag about like it ’s one of your children .
The food and service at El Zaguán lived up to the hype .
My husband ’s steak elicited a , “ Wow .
Just wow ” , on the first bite .
I was looking forward to their famed whole - fried fish known as pescado a la tititapa .
But the waiter warned me that the smallest guapote fish they had that night was large enough to feed at least three .
Since news of my competitive - eating - caliber appetite clearly has n’t reached these parts , I let him steer me toward sea bass steamed in ginger .
And he was right : I was very happy .
For the girls , a cordially divided adult portion of fried fish fingers made for the freshest , most gourmet fish sticks we ’ve ever come across .
I ’d be remiss not to mention one of El Zaguán ’s biggest draws for anyone eating out with young kids .
Just a few feet from our table , a quaint wooden playhouse beckoned kids to be kids .
Thanks to the volume of the live music and the open - air digs , they were able to play so vigorously that we could scarcely keep them at the table long enough to scarf down a few of the aforementioned fish sticks .
El Zaguán is located on the road behind the cathedral — these directions will make sense when you get there .
Entrees average about US $ 12 .
An equally fabulous dinner was had at Mediterraneo .
This is certainly one of Granada ’s most upscale and expensive restaurants ( I think we cracked US$ 80 when all was said and done , but we ordered multiple courses … and rounds ) .
Set in a formal garden with floral table clothes , roving musicians , and charismatic waiters , it was a date night place if ever there was one .
Fortunately , it still had a hammock and grass to sprawl on , so the girls stayed busy without causing a ruckus .
We ordered their signature mixed seafood grill and a lobster tail special .
The portions provided a glut of smashingly seasoned fish , prawns , and shellfish .
Andrew ’s lobster portion was so large that he had to enlist my help in finishing it — no easy task , since I ’d already downed most my own enormous entree .
But seriously , what kind of maniac leaves lobster uneaten ?
Mediterraneo , Calle Caimito .
Entrees average around US $ 12 .
We had a standout lunch at the Garden Cafe .
The beauty of the cafe ’s eponymous garden can not be overstated .
Lush , tropical , and white hammock ringed , it ’s an oasis from the hot and dusty midday streets .
Exotic birds flitted in and out of a trickling fountain as we sipped glass after glass of homemade lemonade and dined on fresh and healthy sandwiches .
I ’m definitely adding it to my list of happy places .
Garden Cafe , Enitel , 1 c al lago .
Lunch with fresh juice costs about US $ 6 per person .
Open for breakfast and lunch only .
Vamos a la playa !
Nicaragua has 565 miles of tropical coast , and not a single Tony Roma ’s .
Or a Senor Frog ’s .
Or a Club Med. Or a Ritz Carlton .
Most roads are unpaved .
The beaches do n’t have cabana boys .
And words like “ luxury ” refer to amenities like private bathrooms .
It ’s rustic in a cabin - on - the - lake kind of way , so you must be prepared to endure small discomforts like fluctuating water temperature in the shower ( and no tubs ) , dusty dirt roads anyplace you ’re going , and roosters and howler monkeys awakening you at first light .
But on the plus side , the beaches are n’t crowded , you do n’t feel like you ’re in a tourist Potemkin village , and roosters and howler monkeys awaken you at first light .
The Pacific coast around San Juan del Sur is an easy two - and - a - half hour drive from Granada ( paved roads , baby ! ) and offers a good balance of infrastructure , wild nature , and authenticity .
This region is legendary in surfing circles and the surfers definitely own the tourist vibe .
Since surfers do n’t seem to mind where they sleep , so long as there are waves and cold beer nearby , many accommodations are little more than a bunk on the beach and not suitable for families with small kids .
But a handful of family - friendly resorts are popping up , offering clean , secure rooms , on - site restaurants , and fun - for - kids things like swimming pools .
Once such resort is the countryside compound of Mango Rosa .
Ironically , this surf resort is not actually all that near the beach , but do n’t let that dissuade you .
Instead , it is a trim village of thatched ranchos and tidy bungalows largely hidden in the tropical jungle .
Its nearest neighbors on all sides are farms ; and it is commonplace to see livestock grazing alongside the dirt road that leads from town past the hotel .
Follow the cows for another kilometer or so and the road dead ends in the sand on one of the neighborhood ’s two gorgeous beaches .
San Juan del
Sur itself was a 15 - minute drive away , and a great place to restock , make an emergency bathing suit purchase ( yes , we actually forgot to pack my husband ’s trunks ) , or have a seaside meal .
That said , it is hardly a destination in and of itself and can be missed without much regret .
Instead , Mango Rosa has a way of meeting your every need , so the days slip by with little effort or worry .
Mango Rosa ’s accommodations range from a grand three - bedroom villa , to simple one - bedroom bungalows .
I can attest first - hand that the one - bedrooms can easily accomodate a young family .
Spacious and sparklingly clean , our little cottage came with a well - equipped kitchen , a decent - sized living room with cable TV ( with Nick Jr. in Spanish ) , and a bedroom roomy enough to accommodate a twin mattress at the foot of our bed , where our daughters slept soundly each night .
Good food is easy to come by , both at the resort ’s soaring open - air rancho bar and a smattering of local seaside cafes .
Do n’t miss the taco stand on the nearby surf beach of Playa Madera .
Trusty and delicious , this little shack serves up fresh fish tacos and nachos to die for , along with frosty cans of Toña ( the local brew ) , fresh juice , and bottled water .
Hang diez .
I did n’t have high hopes for my surfing abilities .
I ’m not what you ’d call “ graceful ” or “ coordinated ” or “ not humiliatingly clumsy . ”
But since Mango Rosa was ready with board rentals , beach transport , and a perpetually shirtless surf instructor named Johnny , a surf lesson just seemed to naturally follow .
Believe me : nobody was more surprised than me when he had us riding the waves within minutes of our hour - long lesson .
With nearly two years of expat living under his belt , Johnny is also a ready tour organizer who knows the countryside ’s rollicking backroads like the back of his suntanned hand .
Flying preschoolers and baby sea turtles .
While our daughters would be more than happy to play in the sand until the sun goes down ( it crossed our minds that they might have gotten the same vacation experience in a sandbox ) , we do try to get some non-bathing suit fun in once in a while .
Mango Rosa can arrange horseback riding ( ages 5 and up ) and zip - lining ( ages 3 and up ) .
If images of a three - year - old careening out of control down a zip - line are terrifying you , rest assured that little kids ride along with a guide and that the zip - lining itself is a pretty lite adventure .
Nighttime sea turtle viewing is a must for any family .
While the cost ( US$ 50 per person ) is high by Nicaraguan standards , and the ride out to the beach is a bone - jarring hour on a route that is more potholes than road , it is so incredible that you ’ll scarcely believe that it ’s happening in front of you and not on TV .
The destination is the carefully protected preserve of La Flor , located just a kilometer from the Costa Rican border .
Here , 30,000 female Olive Ridley turtles return each season to the very sand from which they scrabbled forth about fifteen years earlier .
They haul themselves up on the beach , dig a nest , lay their eggs , then push on back to sea .
About two months later , thousands of downright adorable baby sea turtles erupt from the sand and skedaddle to the ocean beneath an inky sky of a million stars .
With the help of the preserve ’s researchers , it ’s pretty easy to find a nest on the verge of hatching .
“ They ’re a bit like microwave popcorn , ” described Johnny .
“ First you ’ll see one or two pops , then the whole thing just erupts . ”
He was right .
In mere minutes , a depression in the sand became a writing pile of cuteness , as dozens of hatchlings clumsily smacked each other with their outsized flippers .
Once they got their bearings , each scampered off to the ocean , leaving a sweet path of wee flipper tracks .
An added treat for our four - year - old ( Who am I kidding ?
For all of us ! ) was getting to release a baby sea turtle ourselves .
Since nests that hatch during the day do n’t stand a chance of making it to the water before a host of predators gobble them up , the researchers gather the hatchlings and hold them in baskets until evening .
Kneeling in the sand , we each got to pick up a flailing little turtle , whisper good luck , and set it in the sand on the water ’s edge .
Anja named her turtle Lucy and wished her buena suerte .
We mused about Anja and her hatchling reuniting on La Flor when they ’re both grown up .
And in true Globe - toddling style , we hope Anja ’s own children can welcome Lucy ’s grandchildren into the world someday on that distant beach in our now - beloved Nicaragua .
A one - bedroom bungalow at Mango Rosa is US$ 95 a night in low season , or $ 139 a night during the Christmas and Easter holidays .
A three - bedroom villa rents for US $ 220 a night in low season , or US$ 300 in high season .
Zip lining on an 18 - platform course is about US $ 35 per person .
Getting there : Nicaragua can be reached by a very manageable two - and - half - hour flight from Miami .
Several US carriers offer daily flights out of Miami , as well as Fort Lauderdale , Atlanta , or Houston .
Getting around : Expect to pay around US $ 34 - 45 for a trip from the airport to Granada , and US $ 70 - 80 for the two - and - half - hour ride to San Juan del Sur .
A cab from Mango Rosa into the town of San Juan is US $ 15 each way .
A note on safety :
It is difficult , but not impossible , to find cabs with seat belts .
Our family struck a balance by insisting on them for long - haul trips , but crossing our fingers for shorter journeys .
If you want a car with seat belts , ask ahead — it may take your hotel a bit of calling around to arrange your ride .
Granada and San Juan del Sur ’s crime is mostly of the petty variety .
Conduct yourself as you would in any larger city and you should be OK .
As with any destination , use commonsense and keep a low profile .
For more information , visit the US State Department ’s tourist info page for Nicaragua .
A note on health : Nicaragua , like most of the developing world , requires a bit of traveler ’s care and caution when eating and drinking .
Many restaurants catering to tourists use purified water to prepare food and drinks .
Be sure to ask before you order .
Also , be sure to visit the CDC ’s website for Nicaragua - specific guidance .
Then line up a pre-trip visit with a travel clinic or your regular doctor ’s office to discuss health precautions .
A note on poverty : While Nicaragua is one of the Western Hemisphere ’s poorest countries , the track described here is part of the nation ’s more prosperous swath .
Expect life here to be far simpler ( most farms can be described as “ living off the grid ” ) , but not alarmingly destitute .
Globe - toddling always promotes responsible tourism , and we encourage you to give back to the communities you visit by purchasing from local artisans at fair prices , patronizing local businesses , and supporting community initiatives .
Hotel con Corazon was an enormous help to us in adding a humanitarian element to our vacation .
Just ask them about ways to help when you book .
We ended up bringing two extra suitcases full of clothes and supplies … and bringing them back full of souvenirs !
The next day , Eisner agreed to pay $ 5.3 billion ( including more than two billion dollars of debt ) for the company — about a billion dollars more than News Corp. executives had believed it would bring .
“ Haim was in command — it was Haim ’s price , ” Stan Shuman said .
The financial press concluded that Eisner had overpaid .
( Eisner felt that he had , too , by eight or nine hundred million dollars . )
And the transaction proceeded under strain ; after September 11 , 2001 , Disney threatened to back out of the deal , and at one point News Corp . ’s general counsel , Arthur Siskind , tried to remove Saban from the negotiations , believing that he was too unpredictable .
Saban later told Andy Heyward that he said to Siskind ’s message - bearer , “ You tell that fucking guy to stay out of my face !
I was driving a fucking tank in the Israeli Army on the Golan Heights when he was watching ‘ Scooby - Doo’ ! ”
Saban continued to lead the negotiations , and his high - level relationships proved invaluable .
Because Disney and Fox Family operated internationally , the deal required regulatory approvals from many countries .
“ Brazil could have been a deal - breaker , ” Chernin recalled .
In a confidential memorandum written on October 1st , Fox Family ’s attorneys in Brazil explained that the deal would have to be reviewed successively by three government bodies ; from past experience , the attorneys estimated that the process would take between six and eight months , which would push the deal past the deadline , at the end of October .
Disney refused to close without Brazilian approval .
Both sides retained counsel for the anticipated litigation .
“ Haim said , ‘ Let me make a phone call — maybe I can get something done here , ’ ” Chernin told me .
“ He was extremely helpful in getting Clinton to help .
Clinton called the President of Brazil . ”
Matt Krane recalled how Saban described to him what had happened : “ Saban had called the Fox Family attorney in Brazil and asked , ‘ How long will it take ? ’
It was months .
He said he asked the lawyer , ‘ Who is your finance minister ? ’
The attorney understood , and he said , ‘ There is no political pull available in this process . ’
Saban called Bill Clinton and asked , ‘ Can you help me ? ’ ” Soon afterward , the approval came through .
On October 24 , 2001 , the Disney - Fox Family deal closed .
About a month later , Krane says , Saban gave him the task of devising a tax strategy for a donation of ten million dollars to the D.N.C. , toward the construction of its new headquarters .
“ Of course , you ca n’t get a deduction for a political contribution , ” Krane said .
“ Our mission was to structure it so he could get a tax benefit .
So I got heavily involved , and worked a lot with D.N.C. lawyers to do it . ”
Via e-mail , Krane and the lawyers discussed possible real - estate strategies .
“ It started to become clear that any plan was too difficult to implement , ” Krane told me .
In January , 2002 , the resolution was that Saban reduced his donation from ten million to seven million .
Terry McAuliffe , who was then the chairman of the D.N.C. , says that Saban had first voiced his commitment at a party held at the Clintons ’
Washington home in June of 2001 , after McAuliffe made a presentation about the deplorable financial state of the Democratic Party .
“ Haim said , ‘ I ’ll commit up to ten million . ’ ” It was not until January , 2002 , that they met in a hotel room and negotiated the final amount .
“ He said four , I said I want the whole ten , then he got to six , then I said , ‘ O.K. , cut me a check for seven million in five days , and we got a deal . ’ ” McAuliffe says that D.N.C. lawyers were not involved in any tax - benefit planning .
“ All I can tell you is there is no lawyer at the D.N.C. who would have that conversation , ” he said .
“ That would be a felony . ”
In March , 2002 , Democratic Party officials disclosed that Saban , who had been named chairman of the Party ’s capital - expenditure campaign , had written a check for seven million dollars to the “ DNC Building Fund . ”
He had become the Party ’s largest single donor .
In an interview in the New York Times on March 21st , Saban explained how he had arrived at the figure : “ We have two numbers in the Jewish belief that are lucky numbers — one is 18 , and the other is 7 .
I thought 18 was kind of too high , so I went with 7 . ”
He added , “ I just felt compelled to do what I can . ”
When the Fox Family deal closed , Saban instantly became one and a half billion dollars richer .
His life had changed radically , but some things remained the same .
When he became a partner in Fox Kids , a deal in which the Allen & Co. banker Stan Shuman had represented him , Saban insisted that Murdoch should pay part of Shuman ’s fee , much to Murdoch ’s displeasure .
Allen & Co. eventually accepted one per cent of the merged entity ’s stock , in lieu of a cash fee .
( Saban denies that there was any disagreement with Fox . )
Now , with the Disney deal , he did n’t want to pay twelve million dollars in fees and other costs that his investment bankers at Morgan Stanley said he owed .
They sued ; Saban settled on the eve of trial , and says he paid them eleven million dollars .
“ With me , salad has always been a salad - dressing delivery system . ”
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
Even a closer associate was left feeling shortchanged .
Shuki Levy , Saban ’s decades - long partner , had received a payout on the Fox Family deal , as had other insiders who owned shares in Saban ’s privately held company .
But Levy , who had never had a written contract , felt that he was owed more , and demanded what he thought was his rightful share .
Saban paid Levy an additional eleven million dollars .
“ I owed him , contractually and morally , nothing , ” Saban said , adding that he paid him “ out of compassion . ”
The two no longer speak .
But the biggest bill by far that Saban did n’t want to pay was the government ’s .
In late December , 2000 , after Saban had exercised his right to sell his share of Fox Family , Matt Krane said that he received a call from him .
“ He said , ‘ Let me ask a question .
What are we doing on taxes on the sale ? ’
“ I said , ‘ We ’re going to pay the capital - gains tax , like we always discussed . ’
“ ‘ What is it ? ’
“ ‘ Like , twenty - seven per cent state and federal , combined . ’
“ ‘ Are you fucking kidding me ?
Are you fucking crazy ? ’
He was shouting , ‘ I ’m not paying that ! ’ ”
Saban denies Krane ’s account of their conversation .
“ This is a man where we went through seven audits , and all came in ‘ No change . ’
So I looked at him as a genius of the century .
And he always took the lead in setting up structures that were absolutely legal and tax - efficient .
And all I asked him to do was this time , too , please do the same . ”
Krane said that he had previously solved every problem Saban had presented , carrying out “ very aggressive ” tax planning , but he had always tried to design transactions ahead of time to avoid taxes .
Here the only recourse was a tax shelter .
As Krane began to explore the tax - shelter world , he learned that major accounting and investment - banking firms — including K.P.M.G. , Goldman Sachs , Merrill Lynch , and many others — were involved in creating tax - shelter products .
He selected one that was developed by the Quellos Group , a financial boutique based in Seattle ; he integrated this shelter with a tax plan of his own , and , with the combination , made it possible for Saban to pay no taxes on his $ 1.5 - billion gain .
Krane ’s life , meanwhile , had started to unravel .
In 2000 , he had reorganized Saban ’s business structure , a mammoth task that required intense focus , and he began taking drugs to prolong his concentration .
Over the years , Saban had retained many lawyers from major firms , paying them the customary high fees .
But Krane — who had been entrusted with Saban ’s most sensitive information — charged him a low hourly rate ( at most , he says , two hundred and seventy - five dollars ) , and occasionally received a bonus .
Krane says he was convinced that Saban would not pay him a market rate for the tax plan , so he decided to negotiate his fee with Quellos , without Saban ’s knowledge .
Saban agreed to pay Quellos fifty - four million dollars , and Quellos secretly paid Krane thirty - six million dollars .
Krane arranged for the money to be wired to an Austrian bank account .
He did not pay taxes on it — something he describes today as “ crazy and stupid . ”
By mid-2002 , Krane had developed an addiction , and in early 2003 he stopped advising Saban .
In January , 2005 , Krane said , Charles Wilk , the Quellos executive with whom he had worked , called to tell him that during questioning by Saban ’s lawyers , who were responding to a tax investigation , he had divulged the fact that Krane had received money .
Several months later , Krane said , Saban left a message on his answering machine , saying , “ ‘ Please call me .
I do n’t have a problem , you have a problem . ’ ”
“ I thought there was a remote chance he would go to extremes , ” Krane said .
He never returned the call .
“ I shut my gate . ”
After years of relying on Krane ’s knowledge of byzantine tax law , Saban began to cast himself as the victim of an unscrupulous adviser .
The Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations , which had published a report on tax evasion by the super - rich , through offshore tax havens , found that Quellos ’s plan was based on fake securities transactions , to generate fake losses , which would offset real taxable capital gains .
In August , 2006 , Saban , who said that he would be paying back taxes , interest , and penalties , testified before the subcommittee .
He invoked Krane repeatedly .
In his prepared statement , he said that he had “ consulted my trusted tax and legal adviser , whose advice I have followed for fifteen years . ”
He also said , “ I am neither a lawyer nor an accountant .
In fact , my formal education ended when I finished high school . ”
Senator Carl Levin pointed out that Saban had been informed that he could pay “ in the ballpark of fifty million ” to obtain a capital loss to offset his gain of one and a half billion dollars .
“ Now , you are a businessman , ” Levin continued .
“ Did that not raise alarm bells in your head ? ”
“ It did , ” Saban replied , “ which is why I asked my adviser , who has been by my side for fifteen years , is this completely kosher — i.e. , legal ?
And would a reputable law firm say so ?
And the man who was with me for fifteen years assured me that this is the case . ”
In his interview with subcommittee investigators a couple of weeks earlier , Saban had said , “ You have before you a very disappointed person , who feels misled , lied to , cheated . ”
In 2006 , the U.S. Attorney ’s Office in Seattle opened an investigation of Quellos .
Krane ’s house was searched ; investigators found a false passport and a copy of a false - passport application , and , in July , 2008 , Krane was arrested and charged with aggravated identity theft , and with making false statements in a passport application .
Last June , the Quellos executives Jeffrey Greenstein and Charles Wilk were indicted in Seattle for tax fraud .
( They pleaded not guilty . )
Krane was indicted for money laundering and , later , for tax evasion .
He spent nearly a year and a half in jail in Los Angeles .
Krane finally obtained release on bail last December , when he agreed to plead guilty to one count of tax evasion and false - passport application , and to coöperate with the government .
The money - laundering charge and the identity - theft charge will be dropped upon sentencing .
In November , 2008 , Saban sued Krane in Austria to recover the thirty - six million dollars , which both Saban and the government have characterized as a “ kickback . ”
Mel Woods , who is now retired , but occasionally does consulting for Saban , castigated Krane for arranging to receive the thirty - six million dollars secretly .
But , he went on , “ Matt and Haim and I were a team .
Matt would never have put Haim in a plan he thought was bad .
You never know with a tax plan . ”
Woods had been an accountant at Arthur Young early in his career .
At the time Krane selected the Quellos shelter , Woods said , “ there were a lot of plans around — like K.P.M.G. , others — that turned out to be bad .
“ I love Matt Krane , ” Woods went on .
“ He ’s wicked smart , funny , and the best tax guy I ’ve ever known . ”
As for the way his life had disintegrated , even before he went to jail , “ Matt was never too tethered to the ground . ”
Last July , in a response to Saban ’s suit over the thirty - six million dollars , Krane sued Saban in Los Angeles Superior Court , with a complaint that read , in part , “ Despite being one of the richest men in the world , Haim Saban , believing he is above the law , has spent decades trying to avoid paying taxes on the many billions of dollars in income he has received , evidencing little restraint in his conduct other than seeking a convenient scapegoat . ”
( William Schwartz , one of Saban ’s lawyers , says , “ Matt Krane was a lawyer and adviser whom Mr. Saban trusted completely and on whom he relied in matters of great importance .
Mr. Krane exploited their relationship to defraud Mr. Saban of tens of millions of dollars .
Mr. Saban feels deeply saddened and betrayed by that breach of trust . ” )
Last fall , when I met with Krane at the Metropolitan Detention Center in downtown Los Angeles , he told me , “ I have this fantasy that , if I could only see Haim and talk to him directly , I would say , ‘ Haim !
Whatever I did , I learned from you . ’
And he would look at me , and then he ’d say , ‘ Oh. I understand . ’ ”
In the fall of 2001 , fortune in hand , Saban established a private investment fund , Saban Capital Group , and set out to become a serious player in the media business —
Part 3 of his formula for political power - brokering .
Jonathan Nelson , the C.E.O. of Providence Equity Partners , a major private - equity firm , met Saban in 2003 , when they invested together in ProSiebenSat.1 , a group of four German television networks .
Nelson told me that one of his partners said , “ You ’ll either love Haim or you wo n’t . ”
Along with several other investors , Nelson and Saban acquired ProSiebenSat.1 , and sold the company profitably four years later .
“ ProSieben was nine time zones away from Haim ’s office , and he was into the details there on endless conference calls with management , ” Nelson said .
“ He works harder than any thirty - year - old I know . ”
Not everyone was so impressed .
A financial adviser who took part in discussions on how to neutralize a potentially destructive party in the deal recalled , “ Haim ’s strategy was ‘ I ’m gonna make their lives miserable until they beg me to take them out of this deal . ’
But that ’s not a strategy . ”
Nelson and Saban teamed up again in their acquisition of Univision , in 2007 .
As Saban and his partners were assessing a bid , Saban enlisted Lindsay Gardner , who was an executive at News Corp. at the time , and whom Saban had worked with at Fox Family , to assist in the evaluation of Univision .
At one point , Gardner recalled , Saban asked him to participate in a conference call with Univision executives ; Gardner protested that he could n’t , because the executives knew him and would view him as having a conflict .
Saban suggested that they not give Gardner ’s name .
“ ‘ But they ’ll recognize my voice , ’ I told Haim , ” Gardner said .
“ And he said , ‘ Then put a napkin over the phone , talk through a napkin . ’ ” Gardner declined .
( Saban says that he does n’t recall its happening this way . )
Ultimately , the Saban group purchased Univision for a high price , assuming ten billion dollars of debt , near the height of the market .
Since then , Univision , like most media companies , has seen its advertising revenues plunge .
It also became engaged in a high - stakes legal battle with the Mexican media giant Televisa over the rights to telenovelas , the serialized programs popular with Hispanic audiences in the U.S.
In January , 2009 , after a forty - hour negotiation led by Saban on the Univision side , a settlement was reached in which Televisa would continue to supply Univision through 2017 .
And last summer Univision achieved another coup , getting cable - and satellite - TV operators to pay monthly retransmission fees to carry its programming ; Saban says that he led those negotiations , too .
Saban has made a point of cultivating celebrity .
At Univision ’s Upfront event in 2008 , the singer Shakira , onstage , declared , “ I want to give a big thank - you to Haim Saban ! ”
His business associates were impressed .
Shakira told me that she was introduced to Saban several years ago , and they became friends .
He joined the board of the Barefoot Foundation , which she started , to focus on universal access to high - quality education for children .
“ He ’s a great guy ! ” Shakira said .
“ Many people know him through his accomplishments , but not everybody knows this other part in him — his social awareness , his commitment to the underprivileged , how compassionate he is , and , really , how passionate he is . ”
She continued , “ He calls me Hermanita .
It is ‘ Little Sister . ’ ”
“ This is my last day .
My parents found a more expensive school on the East Side . ”
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
In targeting media properties , Saban frankly acknowledges his political agenda .
He has tried repeatedly to buy the Los Angeles Times , because , he said , “ I thought it was time that it turn from a pro-Palestinian paper into a balanced paper . ”
He went on , “ During the period of the second intifada , Jews were being killed every day over there , and this paper was publishing images of a Palestinian woman sitting with her dead child , and , on the Israeli side , a destroyed house .
I got sick of it . ”
Saban said he tried to buy the paper in 2007 but lost to Sam Zell , who purchased the Tribune Company , including the L.A. Times .
In early 2008 , he says that he tried to buy the paper from Zell but that Zell wanted more than he was willing to pay .
After the Tribune Company went into bankruptcy , in 2009 , Saban said he informed the creditors of his interest .
“ They ’re not going to do anything until they get out of bankruptcy .
So am I still interested in the L.A. Times ?
I am , yeah , I am , ” he said .
Saban also said that he asked the New York investor Steven Rattner to let the Sulzbergers know that he would like to buy the New York Times , but Rattner told him they were n’t interested .
“ What ’s it worth now , the whole thing — a billion dollars ? ” Saban said dismissively .
“ But it ’s a family legacy or something , I do n’t know . ”
If the Sulzbergers were to change their minds , he said , “ I would be jumping all over it . ”
As Saban has said , “ I ’m a one - issue guy , and my issue is Israel . ”
When Bill Clinton was President and Ehud Barak was Israel ’s Prime Minister , Saban , who was close to both men , says that occasionally he provided a back channel for communications .
In July of 2000 , shortly before the start of the Camp David negotiations , Israel ’s planned two - hundred - and - fifty - million - dollar sale of an airborne radar system to China — furiously opposed by many at the Pentagon and in Congress — threatened to derail congressional support for a peace deal .
Saban said , “ I just called Ehud and told him , ‘ In the middle of this peace thing , it ’s impossible for Israel to do things that are perceived in the U.S. as against the interests of the U.S.
I understand the financial aspect , I understand that it may not be really a security concern for the U.S. — it does n’t matter .
There ’s a much bigger picture here , and you really should seriously consider . ’ ” Barak suspended the sale .
“ How much impact my call had , I have no idea , ” Saban added .
During Camp David , he continued , “ I was involved , but only on the periphery .
If Barak could not say some things to Clinton to his face , he would ask me to convey a message , and vice versa . ”
At one point during the negotiations , Clinton , accompanied by his national - security adviser , Sandy Berger , had to go to Japan .
“ When they came back , I spoke to Sandy Berger , and gave him my two cents about dealing with issues .
‘ Is that really super - important ? ’
‘ Well , why ca n’t Arafat give up on that ? ’ ” He laughed .
“ The usual ! ”
Immediately after the Fox Family - Disney deal closed , in 2001 , Saban called Martin Indyk , who had been a U.S. Ambassador to Israel during the Clinton Administration .
When they met in New York about a week later , Indyk recalled , “ Haim said , ‘ I ’ve made all this money ; I ’m giving ten million to the D.N.C. , and I want to set up a think tank .
I think we really have to resolve the Arab - Israel conflict .
These terrorists give me a potch in the panim , but I still think it ’s important for Israel ’s future to achieve peace . ’ ” Indyk advised him to make a donation to the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , but Saban said , “ ‘ You do n’t understand .
I want my own . ’ ”
Indyk was at the Brookings Institution at the time , and he suggested that Saban set up a center there .
“ What ’s Brookings ? ” Saban wanted to know .
“ We invited him here for lunch , ” Indyk went on .
“ I showed him the wood - panelled rooms , the portrait of Robert Brookings .
He turned and said to me , ‘ We ’ll do it here . ’ ” Not all of the Brookings board members supported the idea .
One told me that Brookings donors care about Brookings , and Saban seemed to care only about finding a location for his center .
Moreover , Brookings is a non-ideological public - policy institute , dedicated to nurturing American democracy .
Saban is unabashedly pro-Israel and , according to people who work with him , harbors a wariness of Arabs that may stem from growing up as a Jew in Egypt ; he first returned to an Arab country in 2004 , when he went to Qatar with Bill Clinton and the Secret Service .
But Saban ’s gift was then the largest in Brookings ’s history : thirteen million dollars , distributed over seven years .
And so , in 2002 , the Saban Center for Middle East Policy was established .
Such a sizable gift was not out of character .
Saban and his wife , who heads the Saban Family Foundation , have made many substantial charitable contributions to institutions and causes here and in Israel .
Cheryl has said , “ I ca n’t give it away fast enough . ”
Their initiatives include , in Israel , the Saban Children ’s Hospital at the Soroka University Medical Center , in Be ’er Sheva , where , Saban says , sixty per cent of the patients are Bedouin Arabs , and , in Los Angeles , the Saban Research Institute at Childrens Hospital ; the Saban Center for Health and Wellness , on the Wasserman campus of the Motion Picture & Television Fund ; the newly opened Saban Theatre , on Wilshire Boulevard ; and the Saban Free Clinic , formerly known as the L.A. Free Clinic .
“ Many people in the community were offended about the name change , ” a member of the clinic ’s board of directors told me , adding that the clinic desperately needed the Sabans ’ gift — two million dollars a year , for five years .
“ It would have been much better if we could have put the Saban name on part of the building , ” the member said , but the board was told , “ No . ” ( Saban says that the disagreement was never brought to his attention . )
El GDF a trav�s del Instituto de Ciencia y Tecnolog�a de la ciudad , participa en la segunda Noche de Estrellas que espera a m�s de 40 mil asistentes en la explanada de Ciudad Universitaria el s�bado 17 de abril
Jueves 15 de abril de 2010
Berenice Balboa | El Universal
19:01
IN THE aftermath of heated presidential , congressional and local elections on May 10th , the Philippines basked in the glow of international commendation of its use of computer technology to produce , for the first time , seemingly indisputable results .
But then a mysterious masked figure dubbed Koala Boy dropped out of the foliage to shatter the national daydream about stable governments untroubled by accusations of electoral fraud .
In a widely disseminated video - recording , a so - far unidentified man said he was a witness to wholesale electronic fraud during the elections .
He is known as Koala Boy because the peculiar mask that he wore to disguise himself gave him a marsupial look .
He said people , whom he did not name , short - circuited the computerised vote - counting system , selling blocks of fraudulent votes to candidates — in one case charging a vice - presidential candidate 1.4 billion pesos ( $ 30 m ) for 7 m votes .
There were 50 m registered voters .
Both the election commission and the supplier of the vote - counting system scoffed at his allegations , as did the vice - presidential candidate .
Koala
Boy 's tale lacks evidence , but plenty of politicians found it plausible .
Several defeated candidates for congressional or local positions testified at a hearing in Congress that they had been approached by people ( again , unidentified ) offering to sell electronically generated fake votes .
The candidates said they had declined the offers , with the implication that their victorious opponents were less scrupulous and had accepted .
It is possible that such offers were made by confidence tricksters who had no means of rigging the counting .
It is also possible that Koala Boy 's tale is a fiction concocted by persons unknown to shake faith in the elections , and so undermine the authority of the incoming national and local governments .
But whether or not there was actual fraud , Koala Boy has given a jolt to confidence in the computerised system .
The system is meant to reinforce stability by removing doubt about the legitimacy of elected governments .
The immediate worry for the incoming president , Senator Benigno “ Noynoy ” Aquino , son of a former president , the late Corazon Aquino , is that Koala Boy 's allegations will delay his official proclamation as the winner of the election .
Mr Aquino has an unassailable plurality of the votes .
But under the constitution it is Congress 's job to make the final tally , before June 30th , when the outgoing president , Gloria Macapagal Arroyo , must step down .
If arguments about the credibility of the election count prevent Congress from meeting the deadline , there is the risk of a dangerous power vacuum .
Nobody has suggested that Mr Aquino cheated .
But even if he is proclaimed president on time , the legitimacy of the new national and local governments will be overshadowed by doubt , until Koala Boy 's allegations are properly debunked .
For generations , Filipinos have quipped that there are no losers in their elections — only winners and those cheated of victory .
As long as such cynicism persists , the new election technology will be judged to have failed in its purpose of returning governments with incontestable mandates ; and governments will remain weak .
HMS Chatham is Nato 's counter - piracy flagship
A Royal Navy warship on Nato anti-piracy operations has destroyed two pirate boats in the Somali Basin , Nato has said .
HMS Chatham 's helicopter spotted a larger vessel towing the two attack boats in the Somali Basin , about 150 miles off Tanzania , on 14 May , it said .
After monitoring the vessels overnight , a Royal Marine team launched a " well - planned operation " at dawn , it said .
Ten Somalis surrendered and the two smaller boats were destroyed .
Commander Simon Huntington , commanding officer of Devonport - based HMS Chatham , said he was " extremely pleased " the warship had " successfully disrupted a pirate attack group operating in the Somali Basin and prevented them from mounting attacks against merchant shipping " .
' Considerable fuel '
He said : " This clearly demonstrates Nato 's determination and commitment to continue the fight against piracy in the region . "
Nato said prior to boarding the boats , the suspected pirates had been observed throwing items , including their weapons and other piracy related equipment , into the sea .
When the Royal Marine team boarded the larger craft , 10 Somalis and a large amount of fuel were found on board .
The two smaller boats had been fitted with powerful outboard engines and also contained a considerable amount of fuel .
Once separated from the larger craft by the Royal Marines team , the warship and its Lynx helicopter destroyed the smaller craft so the suspected pirates could not continue with their mission .
Nato said the 10 Somalis were left with only enough fuel in the larger vessel to return to Somalia .
The search was coordinated with a EU Naval Force Maritime Patrol Aircraft , operating out of the Seychelles .
Shooting lasers at the sky can make the germ of a rain cloud , a new study shows .
In an experiment that smacks of science fiction , scientists used a high - powered laser to squeeze water from air , both indoors and out .
Although the technique is unlikely to be an instant rainmaker anytime soon , it could plant the seeds for more eco-friendly cloud manipulation .
" This is the first time that a laser was used to condense water from both laboratory experiments and from the atmosphere , " says Jérôme Kasparian of the University of Geneva , a coauthor of the study .
The work appeared in the May 2 Nature Photonics .
Atmospheric scientists have been trying to build artificial clouds since the 1940s , with mixed success .
The most popular method , shooting particles of silver iodide into the sky , relied on the fact that raindrops need something to condense around .
" It 's just like when you take a shower with hot water – it's very humid in your bathroom , but it 's not raining , ” Kasparian says .
Water droplets need a surface to condense on , like a mirror in a bathroom or a speck of dust or pollen in the atmosphere .
Previous experimenters hoped droplets would form around flakes of silver , salt or other materials just like on a bathroom mirror .
" The idea is , you provide more condensation nuclei , you get more condensation , " Kasparian says .
" It seems obvious , but in practice no one could really prove that it works . "
Kasparian and colleagues took inspiration from a mist - making apparatus that was invented in 1911 to detect cosmic rays , highly energetic subatomic particles that come from deep space .
A physicist named Charles Wilson noticed that when cosmic rays strike a sealed container filled with water vapor , they leave a visible trail of water droplets behind them .
This works because the cosmic rays knock electrons off the water molecules , leaving behind charged particles that act like specks of dust for water to congeal around .
" Our idea was to mimic what happens in a Wilson chamber , " Kasparian says .
" If you get some condensation with cosmic rays , we should get even more condensation with a laser . "
Kasparian and his colleagues tested this idea by shooting a high - powered infrared laser into a cloud chamber .
The laser shot extremely short pulses of intense light , which each carrying several terawatts – or a trillion watts – of energy .
The view fogged up immediately .
Droplets about 50 micrometers in diameter formed first , and grew to about 80 micrometers in diameter over the next three seconds .
" The effect in the cloud chamber was very spectacular and visible by bare eye , " Kasparian says .
" We expected an effect , definitely .
But that magnitude was pretty much a surprise . "
Next , the researchers took the laser out in the backyard to try it on the sky .
They rolled the laser , called " Teramobile " for its terawatt power and its mobility , onto the lawn behind the physics building at the Free University of Berlin on several nights in the fall of 2008 .
The clouds , if they formed , would be too distant to see with the naked eye , so the team used a second laser to confirm the cloudy view .
" It also worked quite well in the free atmosphere , " Kasparian says .
" That was quite surprising , and a very good surprise . "
Kasparian thinks lasers could provide a more reliable and environmentally friendly way to build clouds .
" If you can seed clouds and get some control or at least modulation on the weather , the implications are huge for agriculture , many other economic sectors , many aspects of human life , " Kasparian says .
" There are potentially huge consequences . "
" It is a clever technique , " says John Latham of the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder , Colorado .
But he 's skeptical that laser - built clouds could actually make it rain on demand .
" Rainfall production requires many conditions to be met , " he cautions .
Image : Jean - Pierre Wolf / University of Geneva
See Also :
This is a mid-infrared image of a giant cloud obtained by NASA ’s Spitzer Space Telescope .
The yellowish wisps to the right are remnants of gas that have been heated and are being driven off by the massive young stars within them , seen in blue .
The large - scale collapse of colder gas to form a massive cluster is centered around the bright stars just to the left of the heated wisps .
An international team of astronomers used an Australian radio telescope to find the cloud of gas and dust 8,000 light years away in the Southern sky constellation Carina .
The cloud is in the early stages of collapsing in on itself , offering astronomers an unusual vista on the first contractions of behemoth star birth .
( NASA / JPL - Caltech )
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Astronomers this summer will take a close look at a rare cosmic cradle for the universe 's largest stars , baby bruisers that grow up to have 50 times the sun 's mass .
The international team of astronomers headed by University of Florida scientist Peter Barnes used an Australian radio telescope to find the cloud of gas and dust 8,000 light years away in the Southern sky constellation Carina .
The cloud is in the early stages of collapsing in on itself , offering astronomers an unusual vista on the first contractions of behemoth star birth .
" We understand some of it , but we really do n't have a clear picture of what 's important , " Barnes said .
" This should help us learn a lot more about the process . "
Although our sun has far less mass than the incipient stars in the gas cloud , studying their formation could help astronomers understand how our solar system formed , Barnes said .
That is because many stars the size of our sun are thought to have formed in clusters that dispersed into space over millions of years .
It 's possible , Barnes said , that our sun traces its origin to such a cluster , and in fact chemical anomalies on meteorites suggest that 's the case .
The latest findings , which appeared in the monthly journal Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society , have spurred the team to plan a closer look with another Australian telescope in August .
The team will also use the Gemini South telescope , equipped with a mid-infrared camera designed and built at UF , to observe the cloud from the telescope 's location in Chile .
Stars at least 10 times the mass of our sun are rare , comprising only about 4 percent of those in the universe .
Most are also at least 1,000 light years away and hard to study .
It 's exceptionally rare for astronomers to encounter clouds of gas and dust early in the process of collapsing into large stars because the stars tend to destroy their natal origins .
" They 're rather nasty tykes , " Barnes said .
" They make a big mess . "
The astronomers discovered the gas cloud as part of a survey of 300 large gas clouds using the Australia Telescope National Facility 's 22 - meter Mopra radio telescope in southeastern Australia .
The telescope 's world - class spectrometer allows astronomers to identify and image carbon monoxide and other molecules in large gas clouds .
Even with that technology , the mega star birthing cloud was the only one of its kind among the 300 surveyed .
The cloud is also unusual in its rapid pace of collapse and the amount of dust and gas , an amount so large it eclipsed the large stars that had already coalesced inside the cloud .
" It is a few light years across , and it has maybe 20,000 times the sun 's mass worth of gas and dust , and most of that is participating in the collapse , " Barnes said .
Explore further CSIRO telescope spots mega - star cradle
Make an iPad stand from the packing materials in its box
If you are one of the many iPad buyers who are looking for new gadgets and accessories for you device , you do n’t always have to buy them .
Some of the accessories that you want can be made yourself for free .
Make has a cool idea for an iPad stand and the instructions that you need to make it .
All you need is the packing material that came in the iPad box .
You take the package insert that held the iPad in the box , the one with the big slit .
You cut it in half , and then cut another slit across it to hold the iPad .
The thing even lets you access the home button and will work in portrait or landscape modes .
Cheap , easy , and green is hard to beat .
The Immigration Law Reform Institute ( ILRI ) helped draft SB - 1070 — the draconian law that means police must stop anyone brown - looking and demand their papers .
ILRI is the legal arm of a racist hate group .
And it 's not stopping at Arizona .
Frank Rich today linked to a Think Progress report that reveals IRLI 's general counsel , Michael Hethmon , helped draft the language of the bill .
CNN report Hethmon saying that four other states , which he would not name , have approached him " for advice on how they can do the same thing where they live . "
We presume those states are among the 11 listed here as considering similarly draconian measures .
IRLI 's website says it fights to protect the " legal rights , privileges , and property of U.S. citizens and their communities from injuries and damages caused by unlawful immigration . "
It is affiliated with a group called the Federation for American Immigration Immigration Reform ( FAIR ) .
Advocacy group The Southern Poverty Law Center , which tracks domestic hate groups , is unambiguous in labelling FAIR racist and dangerous .
An investigation in 2007 revealed that :
The founder , chief ideologue and long - time funder of FAIR [ John Tanton ] is a racist .
Key staff members have ties to white supremacist groups , some are members , and some have spoken at hate group functions .
FAIR has accepted more than $ 1 million from a racist foundation devoted to studies of race and IQ , and to eugenics - the pseudo - science of breeding a better human race that was utterly discredited by the Nazi euthanasia program .
It spreads racist conspiracy theories .
The group has also consulted with Vlaams Belang , a racist Belgian political party that used to be called Vlaams Bloc .
Until the Belgian Supreme court banned it under that name for xenophobia .
Which might explain why , according to Think Progress again , FAIR 's legal arm , IRLI , has been behind some of the most racist - seeming pieces of legislation on the books .
It charges $ 300 per hour to train Sheriff Joe Arpaio 's men , who make sweeps for illegal immigrants , on immigration law .
It has tried to stop the children of illegal immigrants attending school , and aligned itself with a measure to curtail their medical treatment and child welfare too .
Of course , while it 's non-profit , IRLI does n't work for free .
So it stands to benefit handsomely for the cause if a bunch of controversial anti-immigration laws move slowly through statehouses across America .
In the centuries - old debate over the authenticity of the Shroud of Turin , Pope Benedict XVI on Sunday diverged from his predecessor and weighed in favor of those who believe that the burial robe once cloaked Jesus Christ .
Pope Benedict described the shroud , which allegedly bears blood stains and the facial imprint of a long - haired , bearded man , as an icon that once “ wrapped the remains of a crucified man in full correspondence with what the Gospels tell us of Jesus . ”
While Pope Benedict joins the ranks of those who believe the sepia - colored shroud is the burial cloth of Jesus Christ , skeptics dismiss it as an ingenious medieval forgery that radiocarbon testing has dated about 800 years old .
The Vatican , which owns the linen cloth , has in the past tiptoed around the issue , describing it as a potent symbol of Jesus Christ ’s suffering but never asserting outright its authenticity .
Pope John Paul II visited the Shroud when it last went on public display in 1998 , but he said the Catholic Church had " no specific competence ” to pronounce on its authenticity and urged further scientific analysis .
Benedict was much less equivocal on Sunday when he prayed in front of the cloth at St. John the Baptist Cathedral in Turin , Italy , saying afterwards in a “ meditation ” that it was " an icon written in blood ; the blood of a man who was whipped , crowned with thorns , crucified , and injured on his right side . "
The shroud went on public display April 10 for the first time in a decade .
The public viewing ends later this month , by which time nearly 2 million pilgrims and curious tourists are expected to have filed past it .
The 14 - foot - long , 3.5 - foot - wide cloth is kept in a bulletproof , climate - controlled case in the royal chapel of Turin 's cathedral .
It bears the imprint of an apparently crucified man .
A church fire in 1997 nearly destroyed the shroud .
New research claims to show authenticity
In November , a researcher in the Vatican ’s secret archives claimed that using computer enhancement she found the words “ Jesus Nazarene ” on the shroud .
Historian Barbara Frale said computer analysis of photographs of the shroud revealed the words written extremely faint in Greek , Aramaic , and Latin .
Dr. Frale asserts in a new book , " The Shroud of Jesus the Nazarene , " that it was written by low - ranking Roman officials or mortuary clerks on a scroll or piece of papyrus to identify the corpse .
Such a document would have enabled the relatives of a dead person to retrieve a body from a communal morgue , she suggested .
It would have been attached to the corpse with a flour - based glue and the ink could have seeped through into the cloth below , leaving a faint imprint .
The hidden text was , in effect , the “ burial certificate ” of Jesus , Frale told Italian daily newspaper Corriere della Sera in November .
Radiocarbon dating raises doubts
But her claims were contested by scholars who said that radiocarbon dating tests in 1988 showed the shroud to be a medieval forgery produced sometime in the 13th or 14th century .
" People work on grainy photos and think they see things , " Antonio Lombatti , an Italian historian who has written books about the shroud , also told Corriere della Sera .
" It 's all the result of imagination and computer software . "
Dr. Lombatti rejected the idea that authorities would go to the trouble of tagging the body of a crucified man .
The carbon dating tests have been vigorously contested by some scholars , who say they were skewed because the test samples from the cloth could have come from later restoration efforts .
The shroud was discovered in the French city of Troyes , southeast of Paris , in the mid-14th century .
Related :
Ca y est , elle est là , enfin !
La voici qui arrive après avoir tant été annoncée : la révolution numérique du livre .
Depuis plusieurs semaines , le monde de l'édition est agité d'une étrange fièvre technologique .
Après être resté des années durant à l'écart du développement du web , les acteurs de la filière du livre semblent vouloir plonger tête baissée dans le grand bain électronique .
Tandis que les rapports se multiplient , les éditeurs français focalisent leur attention sur une question importante mais plutôt étroite : le taux de TVA du livre électronique .
Les vrais enjeux sont cependant d'une toute autre ampleur et ils sont peu discutés : sur le segment de la distribution et de la vente de livres électroniques , trois acteurs d'envergure internationale ont pris position et semblent bien décidés à verrouiller le marché dans une situation d'oligopole : il s'agit de Google , déjà présent avec le très contesté Google books et bientôt avec Google édition annoncé pour l'été , Amazon avec sa tablette de lecture Kindle , et enfin Apple avec son tout récent iPad .
Les trois initiatives ne relèvent pas de la même logique .
Elles ont pourtant des points communs et sont grosses de dangers : pour les lecteurs , pour les auteurs , et même pour les éditeurs …
Pour les auteurs d'abord , c'est un risque de censure :
Apple semble bien décidé à exercer un droit de regard sur les contenus mis à disposition des utilisateurs de l'iPad via sa librairie électronique ibookStore .
Sait - on par exemple que le dessinateur de presse Mark Fiore s'est vu refuser son application sur iPhone , pour " contenu pornographique , obscène ou diffamant " , alors qu'il ne s'agit que de caricature ?
Devant le tollé , Steve Jobs a , depuis , fait marche arrière .
Mais tout le monde n'a pas la notoriété d'un prix Pulitzer pour faire reculer la censure .
Comment être certain qu'il ne demandera pas demain aux auteurs de se conformer à une charte de décence pour avoir l'espoir d'être présent sur ses tablettes de lecture ?
Pour les lecteurs ensuite : les fichiers contenant les livres qu'ils croient acheter sont très souvent incompatibles d'une machine à une autre , ils sont verrouillés et presque toujours intransmissibles .
Aujourd 'hui , lorsque nous achetons un livre imprimé , nous avons le loisir de le partager avec nos amis , de le prêter à nos proches , de le donner à nos enfants .
Rien de cela n'est possible avec le livre numérique tel que le conçoivent ces plateformes .
Demain , quelle bibliothèque pourrons - nous transmettre à nos enfants ?
Une bibliothèque virtuelle certainement ; tellement virtuelle qu'elle sera vide de tout livre !
Pour les éditeurs enfin : ceux - ci semblent très satisfaits du développement des nouvelles tablettes de lecture fonctionnelles , sécurisées , reliées à des systèmes de vente en ligne et qui semblent promises à un succès commercial certain .
Mais sont - ils vraiment conscients qu'il se retrouvent ipso facto dépendants , pieds et poings liés à des acteurs qui ont leur propre agenda ?
D'un autre côté , les plateformes de distribution des livres numériques proposées par les groupes d'édition se caractérisent par leur isolement et surtout le prix exorbitant des ouvrages ( 10 % à 20 % moins cher que les livres imprimés au mieux ) qu'elles proposent à la vente : elles ne constituent pas une alternative crédible .
CULTURE WEB
La situation actuelle est le point d'aboutissement de plus de dix ans d'attentisme et d'aveuglement .
En refusant le web et son ouverture par crainte du piratage , en tentant de clôner le livre imprimé - sa représentation , ses usages de lecture , son mode de distribution et jusqu'à son modèle économique , sur le support numérique , en n'accordant pas une place primordiale à l'innovation et à l'imagination , les principaux acteurs du monde de l'édition se sont engagés dans une voie sans issue .
A l'inverse , d'autres ont expérimenté des pratiques d'édition électronique en phase avec cette " culture du web " que s'appropriait le grand public durant la même période .
Peu à peu , ils ont posé les fondements d'une édition vraiment électronique .
Pour le résumer à grands traits , il s'agit de proposer un livre numérique tout à la fois lisible , manipulable et citable :
- Lisible : il doit reposer sur des formats ouverts et standards permettant sa transmission d'une machine à l'autre et sa conservation dans le temps .
Il doit être recomposable et adaptable du fait de ces formats sur tous les systèmes possibles .
- Manipulable : il doit être indexable et interrogable .
Il doit permettre au minimum le copier - coller et l'annotation .
Il doit permettre les recompositions et les modifications selon les envies du lecteur .
- Citable : il doit pouvoir être retrouvé par tous les chemins dans la masse quasiment infinie d'informations aujourd ' hui disponibles , ce qui signifie qu'il doit disposer au minimum d'un identifiant unique , d'une adresse pérenne sur Internet et d'une description riche et utilisable .
On le voit , ce " cahier des charges " du livre électronique idéal est loin , très loin d'être respecté par l'offre existante .
Il ne fait pourtant qu'exprimer les usages du public sur Internet et les supports numériques aujourd ' hui .
C'est seulement en le respectant à la lettre , condition nécessaire mais pas suffisante car il faut y ajouter une politique de prix raisonnable et une ergonomie satisfaisante , que la " chaîne du livre " peut espérer réussir sa mutation vers le numérique et s'affranchir des points de passage obligés que les plateformes centralisées sont en train de mettre en place .
Les enjeux ne sont pas seulement économiques , ils sont aussi culturels et politiques .
Car de l'existence d'un marché de l'édition dynamique et varié évitant l'étouffoir oligopolistique , dépendent rien moins que l'avenir de la diversité culturelle , de la liberté d'expression et de la qualité du débat public .
Marin Dacos est directeur du Centre pour l'édition électronique ouverte ( Cléo ) et fondateur du portail de revues électroniques Revues.org .
Pierre Mounier est responsable de la formation , des études et des usages au Cléo et créateur du site Homo Numericus .
Tous les deux viennent de publier L'édition électronique ( La Découverte , collection Repères ) .
Le Monde
Also offering a note of courage to hopeful entrepreneurs is the fickle taste of Web denizens .
A service that is in vogue one year can just as easily be out of style the next .
“ There ’s always a cycle of what ’s popular in Silicon Valley , ” said Mr. Shimizu , citing the decline of services like MySpace , Friendster and AOL .
“ The Facebook experience can be better , and if we can do that , we can open up a new market . ”
A primary reason that Facebook grew to become a central hub of the social networking world is its continuous effort to improve the service by adding new features , said Mikolaj Jan Piskorski , a professor at the Harvard Business School who studies social networks .
“ When you look back at how little MySpace changed between 2005 and 2007 , it ’s staggering , ” Mr. Piskorski said .
“ For Facebook to be taken over , there would need to be a drastic slowdown in the rate of innovation .
It would take a lot of work to undermine what Facebook has achieved so far . ”
Michael Chisari , a developer in Chicago , said the escalating privacy concerns around Facebook spurred him to resurrect Appleseed , an open source project to develop free software that would allow users to set up their own social networking hubs .
“ In the past month , there has been a sea change in the number of people looking for alternatives , ” he said .
“ A year ago , nobody was interested in my project , and now I have about 80 supporters signed up . ”
Image Leo Shimizu , left , and David Chen founded Pip.io , a social site that emphasizes privacy .
Credit ... Peter DaSilva for The New York Times
Mr. Chisari , who estimates that Appleseed is six months away from opening to the public , is not the only one trying to create an open alternative .
There ’s Diaspora , the brainchild of four New York University students who raised more than $ 180,000 in seed money through Kickstarter , an online site that helps creative people find support .
And there are several networks already up and running , like OneSocialWeb , Crabgrass and Elgg , to name a few .
The backstory of the lost fourth - gen iPhone prototype acquired by Gizmodo last week is certainly already the stuff of some legend , but hold on tight , because it just got even wilder : Giz editor Jason Chen 's house was apparently raided by California 's REACT computer crimes task force under the authority of a search warrant on Friday night and his computers and several other items were seized .
That means a criminal investigation led by the San Mateo police and district attorney is almost certainly in full swing , which is , well , crazy .
As you know , we published images of the iPhone prototype last Saturday , so we 're tracking this story as closely as we know all of you are .
For now hang tight and we 'll share more info as we get it .
TechCrunch reports that the investigation is on hold for now following claims by Gawker that Chen should be protected under California 's Shield Laws , meant to help protect journalists from revealing sources .
The District Attorney will reportedly reevaluate whether those laws do apply , and as such will not go through the seized possessions until a decision 's been reached in the coming days .
The BP oil spill and American capitalism
8 May 2010
The explosion on the BP oil rig Deepwater Horizon on April 20 off Louisiana ’s coast , which took the lives of 11 workers and has resulted in a massive oil slick that threatens economic and environmental ruin for the Gulf Coast , stands as a powerful exposure of American capitalism .
Each day brings new revelations that federal regulators under both the Bush and Obama administrations aided and abetted BP and the oil industry as they disregarded safety and environmental precautions that might have prevented the disaster .
Some of the most recent revelations include :
• In 2000 the Minerals Management Service ( MMS ) requested industry advice on problems related to the cementing used around deep sea well caps to stop blowouts .
The oil industry never produced recommendations , and no regulation was put in place .
• A 2002 study conducted by the MMS revealed that vital equipment on oil rig blowout preventers did not function .
In laboratory testing of one manufacturer ’s shear rams — devices used to sever pipes after a blowout — half failed .
Seven other makers refused to have their shear rams tested .
• In 2002 , Pers Holland , a Norwegian researcher commissioned by the MMS , found that two sets of shear rams should be used in blowout preventers , rather than the industry standard of one .
Holland reported that using a single cutting device could result in failure to plug leaks in 10 percent of all blowouts .
The MMS disregarded Holland ’s proposal .
• A study commissioned by the MMS in 2004 raised serious doubts as to whether equipment in blowout protectors could even function under deep sea oceanic pressures .
No standards were put in place .
• Deepwater Horizon lacked an “ acoustic switch , ” a backup mechanism for triggering the blowout preventer in the case of an explosion .
The US oil industry found these units ’ $ 500,000 price too expensive and MMS did not require them , although they are mandated by Norway and Brazil .
• The number of drill site inspections carried out by the MMS fell by 41 percent between 2005 and 2009 , even as the number of drill rigs operating in US waters increased .
The number of penalties issued by MMS for regulatory violations fell from 66 in 2000 to 20 last year .
• In June of 2009 , the MMS exempted BP from producing a legally - mandated environmental impact study for the site where Deepwater Horizon would drill .
Obama was earlier warned by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) that MMS studies approving offshore drilling were not reliable .
These decisions led directly to the deaths of 11 workers aboard the Deepwater Horizon and the environmental catastrophe in the Gulf .
The workers killed in the BP explosion are only the latest casualties .
According to data from the International Regulators Forum , from 2004 through 2009 offshore oil workers on US rigs were four times more likely to be killed in industrial accidents and 23 percent more likely to be injured than oil workers in European waters .
While there were 5 “ loss of well control ” disasters on US drill rigs in 2007 and 2008 , in five other major offshore drilling nations — the UK , Norway , Australia , and Canada — there were none .
Since 2001 there have been 69 deaths , 1,349 injuries and 858 fires or explosions on oil rigs operating in the Gulf of Mexico alone , according to the International Association of Drilling Contractors .
The incestuous ties between the MMS and the oil industry have not been severed with the election of Obama .
Obama was in fact the top recipient of BP “ employee donations ” in the 2008 election cycle , and the company has mobilized tens of millions in a massive lobbying campaign that has brought on board such powerful Washington insiders as Democratic Party kingmaker John Podesta , former Democratic House majority leader Thomas Daschle and former Republican Senator Alan Simpson ( a key member of Obama ’s bipartisan budget committee ) .
Current CIA director Leon Panetta has also served on BP ’s “ external advisory council . ”
Only weeks before the Gulf disaster , in an open sop to the oil companies , Obama declared his intention to make large regions of the US coastline available for oil drilling .
The Deepwater Horizon explosion is the result of decades of “ deregulation , ” which proclaimed that the “ free market ” could best regulate itself .
Beginning in the late 1970s , the US government , under both Democratic and Republican administrations , has worked to systematically eliminate all constraints on corporate profit - making .
The result has been disastrous for the population of the US and the world .
Corporations controlling vast social resources make decisions affecting millions of people on the basis of profit .
Working hand in glove with “ regulators , ” little more than wholly owned subsidiaries of industry , the corporate elite targets for elimination any outlay that diminishes profit returns to the top executives and shareholders , whether it be environmental protection , product safety , or workers ’ safety — as a spate of recent deadly workplace accidents has revealed .
In industry after industry the story is the same — mining , auto production , transportation , telecommunications and , of course , the finance industry .
Indeed , the eruption of toxic oil from the bottom of the sea has its parallel in the eruption of toxic assets that set off a financial crisis in 2008 .
Led by the Obama administraiton , national governments responded to this disaster by bailing out those responsible — the financial elite — and leaving the working class to foot the bill .
In this sense , the crisis in the Gulf and the crisis in Greece are connected by a common social and economic system .
The assets of BP , Transocean , Halliburton and their executives — hundreds of billions of dollars — must be appropriated and used to make the people of the Gulf whole and to put in place a massive environmental cleanup program .
The executives and regulators whose policies caused the disaster should be criminally prosecuted .
The stranglehold of the corporate and financial elite over society and its resources must be broken .
This requires the implementation of a socialist program for energy production .
The big energy corporations must be seized and converted into public utilities , democratically run by the working class in the interest of social need .
Tom Eley
Tom Eley
Indeed , after years of neglect and bitter battles over its gentrification , the Tenderloin remains one of the most stubborn challenges in San Francisco , a city that prides itself on its looks , its way of life and its bold solutions to social ills , whether they involve offering universal health care ( the city was the first to do so ) or banning plastic bags ( ditto ) .
Image Civic boosters are hoping to turn the grit of the Uptown Tenderloin district into an attraction , pointing out its ties to music ( the Grateful Dead recorded there ) and its “ rich vice history ” ( alas , the gambling dens and speakeasies are gone ) .
Credit ... Thor Swift for The New York Times
So it is that armed with a recent listing on the National Register of Historic Places , community and city leaders are readying the Tenderloin for its big moment , complete with plans for a new museum , an arts district and walking tours of “ the world ’s largest collection of historic single - room occupancy hotels . ”
And unlike , say , the Tenement Museum in New York , which offers tours of a long - unused Lower East Side apartment building , a trip to the Tenderloin could go a step further .
“ We can bring people into an SRO and show them where people are living now , ” Mr. Shaw said , referring to the single - room occupancy dwellings , or residential hotels , in the area .
“ And that ’s a real plus . ”
Mr. Shaw ’s plan has the backing of Mayor Gavin Newsom , who announced a city grant last month to help promote “ a positive identity for the Tenderloin ” and to draw tourism to the area , in part by posting hundreds of plaques on buildings throughout the neighborhood “ to create great visual interest for those walking down the community ’s streets . ”
And oh , what streets those are .
Wedged between tourist - friendly Union Square and its liberal - friendly City Hall , the Tenderloin is one of the mostly densely populated areas west of the Mississippi , officials say , with some 30,000 people in 60 square blocks , almost all of which have at least one residential hotel .
The district ’s drug trade is so widespread , and so wide open , that the police recently asked for special powers to disperse crowds on certain streets .
Deranged residents are a constant presence , and after dark the neighborhood can seem downright sinister , with drunken people collapsed on streets and others furtively smoking pipes in doorways .
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
SALT LAKE CITY --
After 25 years on death row , 49 - year - old Ronnie Lee Gardner will face a firing squad June 18th .
A judge signed the death warrant Friday morning .
Gardner is one of at least four of 10 men on Utah 's death row who have said they wanted to die by firing squad .
The judge 's rulingJudge Reese told the court that after hearing the arguments presented , he could find no legal reason not to sign the execution warrant .
He also told Gardner all his avenues for appeal had been exhausted .
" In some regards , he may have expected that , " said defense attorney Andrew Parnes .
" This is the fourth warrant that has been signed for him . "
Deseret News :
Firing squad vs. lethal injection ?
Why Gardner got to pick Friday , a judge allowed Ronnie Lee Gardner to choose death by firing squad .
This , despite the fact that this type of execution has been outlawed in the state .
Gardner was given the choice of being killed by lethal injection or shot by a five - man team of executioners firing from a set of matched rifles .
When asked about the manner of execution , Garner said , " I would like the firing squad please . "
Gardner was sentenced to death in 1985 for the Salt Lake City courthouse slaying of attorney Michael Burdell during a failed escape attempt and shootout at the old Metropolitan Hall of Justice in downtown Salt Lake City on April 2 , 1985 .
Although he was handcuffed and surrounded by prison guards , a female acquaintance slipped Gardner a loaded , long - barreled . 22 - caliber handgun in the basement of the building just before the shooting .
He shot Burdell in the head , wounded a court bailiff and was himself shot in the right shoulder before being captured on the courthouse lawn as he tried to flee .
He would be the first death row inmate executed since Joseph Mitchell Parsons died by lethal injection in 1999 .
Gardner is one of at least four of 10 men on Utah 's death row who have said they want to die by firing squad .
Defense made several arguments against execution
Related :
Utahns band together to oppose death penalty A new statewide coalition , made up of both secular and religious leaders , is jumping into the death penalty debate .
They say executions in Utah should be stopped altogether .
The judge 's decision came despite arguments from defense attorneys who said Gardner 's rights were violated and that he was the only death row inmate who did n't receive funding for death row counselor experts .
They also argued mitigating evidence presented in federal court years later would have influenced a jury to not choose the death penalty and that executing Gardner after so many years is cruel and unusual punishment .
The judge heard a videotaped statement from the victim 's father , who said his son would not want Gardner to be put to death .
The victim's then - girlfriend said the same thing in court .
" If Ronnie Lee would have just wounded him and Michael would have lived , he would have defended Ronnie Lee , " said Donna Nu .
Defense plans its next move
Convicted murderer Ronnie Gardner sits with his defense team , Megan Moriarty , left , and Andrew Parnes at the Matheson Courthouse .
( AP Photo / Francisco Kjolseth )
Though the execution warrant has been signed , defense attorneys still have a few ways to fight it .
" We put most of the authority for stays in the executive branch and the board of pardons , " explains criminal defense attorney Ron Yengich .
Yengich is not involved with this case , but he says defense lawyers can continue to press for more hearings if they feel certain arguments have not been presented before .
" If they find something that they believe to be legitimate for the purpose of the stay , [ they can ] ask a court of competent jurisdiction to stay the execution , " he says .
But the judge would have to decide that there is enough evidence for any hearing before the stay is granted .
Yengich says Gardner 's attorneys have another option .
" They have the right to petition the board of pardons for a pardon and have a hearing before them for the purpose of clemency , " he says .
" That 's always been the case in the state of Utah . "
Gardner 's attorney says an appeal is planned .
" We 're certainly closer than ever before , but we 're hopeful the court will issue a stay .
If not this court , the Utah Supreme Court , " Parnes said .
Reaction to execution order
Related :
Firing squad execution re-ignites protests over old style of justice Condemned killer Ronnie Lee Gardner will be executed by a firing squad -- a development that would likely re-ignite protests over an antiquated , Old West - style of justice .
Utah Attorney General Mark Shurtleff says justice has been served in the case .
" The bottom line is , as the judge stated , the appellate process is done , and it 's time to execute judgment in the case , " Shurtleff said .
Death penalty opponents rallied at the courthouse during the Gardner hearing .
Members of Utahns for Alternatives to the Death Penalty gathered to call for an end to the use of capital punishment in the state .
" We believe in ' thou shalt not kill . '
You can't believe nine commandments and leave out one , " said Grandma Ruby , a death penalty opponent .
They argue the death penalty is n't cost efficient , does n't deter crime and risks an innocent person being put to death .
The group is made up of dozens of religious leaders for numerous denominations from across the state .
-----
Story compiled with contributions from Sandra Yi , Paul Nelson , Jed Boal and The Associated Press .
×
Related Stories
Coffee became popular with scholars as it sharpened the mind rather than dulled it like alcohol .
Coffee houses became meeting places , debating chambers and even laboratories .
Isaac Newton and Edmond Halley once dissected a dolphin on the table of a coffee house in London .
Lloyd's of London and the Stock Exchange started life as coffee houses .
But the craze had its detractors .
The brewing of ale had long been the preserve of women , known as " brewsters " or " alewives " .
In 1674 , a group of them – alarmed at falling trade in taverns – drew up the Women 's Petition Against Coffee , claiming : " Coffee makes a man barren as the desert out of which this unlucky berry has been imported . "
I ’ve always been slightly amazed how the new car market is so readily embraced .
I know it takes all those new car buyers to allow us used - car shoppers the luxury of so much inventory .
I just want to stay in the ranks of the latter , not the former .
Most people realize buying new often makes little financial sense , yet they justify it through a whole host of rationalizations .
Even the federal government jumped on the bandwagon last year by suggesting we all needed to grind up our clunkers and buy new instead — for the sake of the national economy and the environment , no less .
Was the result a whole fleet of new fuel - efficient cars on the road , or increased consumer debt and the loss of thousands of serviceable older vehicles ?
At the risk of sounding like I suffer from an acute case of sour - grapes , I ’d like to explore just seven ways in which my old clunker may be a smarter choice than even the newest hybrid .
( See also : How to Cut Car Ownership Costs )
1. Fuel Efficiency Is n’t Always Green
By some estimates , more than 25 % of a car ’s carbon dioxide emissions come from the manufacturing process ( this can include design , testing , building , marketing and shipping ) .
Since my used car has already gone through the manufacture and transport phase , it produces no new demand for automobiles and therefore , no additional environmental demand .
Even though it only gets 22 miles per gallon on a good day , driving it responsibly arguably produces less pollution than purchasing new .
If going green is truly driving ( pun intended ) your purchase , this consideration should give you pause .
2. Steep Depreciation
Though the jury is out on the long - term depreciation rates of hybrids , most new cars lose as much as 20 % the minute you wave goodbye to the dealer .
Where else can you lose $ 0.20 on every dollar with just a signature and a click of a belt buckle ?
If you are n’t paying for the car outright , add finance charges to the mix and remember , all this delightful financial devastation is occurring to after - tax dollars — dollars that wo n’t be around to invest .
That ’s four major hits for every buck spent : one hit from the tax man ( payroll tax and sales tax ) , one hit from depreciation , one hit from the finance company , and one last blow from the loss of earning power of each dollar tied up in your new purchase .
3. Premium Rates
Even if you ’re paying for comprehensive insurance on a used car now , premiums go up for later - model automobiles .
Hybrids are no exception ; more complex engine systems and batteries mean higher repair costs and higher insurance rates .
Of course , full coverage is mandatory if you have a car loan — the bank wants to protect its investment .
But used cars that are paid - off can be covered by liability insurance only ( based upon comprehensive insurance costs vs. auto replacement cost calculations ) .
Being able to control your insurance costs can make driving used even more fiscally prudent .
4. Higher Registration Costs
The fees and formulas vary from state to state , but typically , licensing and registration costs are directly related to the value of your car .
Much like insurance , higher car values equal higher rates .
5. Higher Repair Costs and Repair Standards
If you ’ve ever bought a new car only to get a scratch or windshield chip a few weeks later , you know that newer cars compel us toward a higher standard of perfection .
People are more likely to keep a new car as pristine as possible for as long as possible , and those little touch - ups and repairs tend to cost more too .
My old Volvo has a door ding , some weird stain on the hood , and the plastic trim is bleaching out .
Besides a compulsive cleaning and wax - job every few months to make it shine , I live with these road wounds happily .
6. The Phenomenon of “ Incestuous Affirmation ”
This is really just a fancy term for keeping up with the Joneses .
It suggests that any major new purchase sets in motion a whole slew of buying activity within a close network of people ( friends , coworkers , family , etc. ) by affirming the behavior of one member .
This ripple effect is felt from the least capable of affording new to the most capable and creates a slight uptick in unspoken standards within the group .
7. New Peripheral Expenses
From add - ons to upgrades , new cars increase standards and raise monetary output .
Of course your baby needs premium gas , a hand - buffing each week , and a GPS system .
And what about that monthly fee for satellite radio now that first year of free service has expired ?
Now , many of these same principles can be applied to any purchase where there ’s a reasonable choice between new and used .
But our nation has such a love affair with the automobile and such a cultural acceptance of the resulting debt that it begs a bit of special exploration .
What are the new economic realities that make buying new less attractive ?
Are we really in the same position our parents were when they traded up every few years ?
How do car companies entice us with nickels before the purchase only to damn us with dollars afterward ?
Granted , none of the points above explore the amazing safety advancements that some new cars feature .
I would never put a price personal safety or begrudge a car purchase with this as the primary motivator .
But with such a wide range of later model used cars available , it does n’t have to be an either / or proposition .
All else being equal , each blemish and bump on my used car is masked by the dollar signs I see behind them — the dollars I save by keeping it in good working order and running smart for as long as possible .
By · Updated : · Some links below are ads .
Here 's how we make money
Insurance .
It ’s not an exciting topic , but it ’s a necessary one .
A discussion on personal finance and business is n’t complete unless you ’ve properly addressed the risks to your assets and income .
Most people , I would think , have retirement savings and debt under control long before they tackle the subject of insurance as a whole .
You likely need life insurance , health insurance , homeowners or renters insurance , car insurance , disability insurance , long - term care insurance , and business insurance .
You likely do NOT need mortgage life insurance , identity theft insurance , cancer insurance , life insurance for children , private mortgage insurance , and any type of insurance that covers you for things you could just save for .
Having insurance is necessary to protect ourselves and our families when difficult times occur and your savings balances are n’t enough to cover it .
Insurance provides protection and peace of mind , knowing that your health , your family , your assets , and your business are cared for when you need it the most .
But there are many different forms of insurance .
It ’s hard to know for sure what to do .
You may be asking , “ what types of insurance I need to protect myself and my family ? ”
Below I ’ll take a high - level view of the various forms of insurance and provide some basic information you should know about each one .
Quick Navigation
Business Insurance
Life Insurance
Health Insurance
Homeowners Insurance or Renters Insurance
Car Insurance
Disability Insurance
Long - Term Care Insurance
Other Types of Insurance
1. Business Insurance
If you own a business , you ’ll want to protect your investment by getting business insurance .
It ’s not quite as simple as it sounds , though .
There are multiple types of business insurance that cover various aspects of your business .
Some types of business insurance are legally required , depending on the specific industry .
There are also other types of business insurance that are simply good to have in place .
Common Kinds of Business Insurance
Some small business insurance is required by law .
Some may be required by your lender or investors .
And some insurance is just a good idea for your protection .
It ’s important to know about all of these types of insurance .
That way , you can determine the best package for your budget and needs .
Legally Required Business Insurance
The legal requirements for business insurance can vary from industry to industry .
However , most common legally required insurance policies you may need for your business include :
Workers compensation insurance :
If you have any employees , you must carry this insurance to cover their income and pay their medical expenses in case they are injured on the job .
This kind of insurance also protects you as a business owner .
That ’s because many workers compensation statutes do not allow an injured employee to sue their employer for most injuries that occur at work .
: If you have any employees , you must carry this insurance to cover their income and pay their medical expenses in case they are injured on the job .
This kind of insurance also protects you as a business owner .
That ’s because many workers compensation statutes do not allow an injured employee to sue their employer for most injuries that occur at work .
Unemployment insurance :
This insurance requirement for employers will guarantee a portion of your employees ’ wages if they lose their job .
Unlike others on this list , you do not need a specific insurance policy for unemployment insurance , as you pay into federal and / or state unemployment benefits through your payroll taxes .
: This insurance requirement for employers will guarantee a portion of your employees ’ wages if they lose their job .
Unlike others on this list , you do not need a specific insurance policy for unemployment insurance , as you pay into federal and / or state unemployment benefits through your payroll taxes .
Disability insurance : Depending on which state you live in , you may be legally required to carry disability insurance for your employees .
This insurance covers partial wage replacement for eligible employees ( generally only full - time employees ) if they get sick or injured outside of work .
This is only a legal requirement in California , Hawaii , New Jersey , New York , Puerto Rico , and Rhode Island .
: Depending on which state you live in , you may be legally required to carry disability insurance for your employees .
This insurance covers partial wage replacement for eligible employees ( generally only full - time employees ) if they get sick or injured outside of work .
This is only a legal requirement in California , Hawaii , New Jersey , New York , Puerto Rico , and Rhode Island .
Commercial auto insurance :
If driving is part of your business , then you will also need to carry commercial auto insurance .
Remember , this is n’t just for delivery , taxi , or courier businesses .
Real estate agents who sometimes ferry potential clients in their cars will also need to purchase commercial auto insurance to cover themselves .
Your personal auto insurance does not cover vehicles you drive as part of your business .
: If driving is part of your business , then you will also need to carry commercial auto insurance .
Remember , this is n’t just for delivery , taxi , or courier businesses .
Real estate agents who sometimes ferry potential clients in their cars will also need to purchase commercial auto insurance to cover themselves .
Your personal auto insurance does not cover vehicles you drive as part of your business .
Commercial property insurance :
Whether you rent or own the commercial property where you conduct your business , carrying this insurance will cover both the building and its contents in the event of a fire , flood , vandalism , theft , or other major covered incident .
Common Additional Business Insurance
Of course , just getting the bare minimum coverage required by law may not be enough to protect you from financial emergencies .
That ’s why it ’s important to look into other types of insurance that can cover your specific small business insurance needs :
General liability insurance :
While this kind of insurance is not a legal requirement , it ’s an important type of coverage that every small business owner needs .
This covers the costs of claims made against your business for property damage or bodily harm .
For instance , if a customer slips and falls inside your store , breaking her glasses and giving herself a concussion , your general liability insurance will help cover the costs of replacing her glasses and getting medical attention .
: While this kind of insurance is not a legal requirement , it ’s an important type of coverage that every small business owner needs .
This covers the costs of claims made against your business for property damage or bodily harm .
For instance , if a customer slips and falls inside your store , breaking her glasses and giving herself a concussion , your general liability insurance will help cover the costs of replacing her glasses and getting medical attention .
Professional liability insurance :
This kind of insurance helps protect businesses from claims stemming from errors that your business committed .
For example , if a client claims that the shampoo that you use as part of your dog- grooming business was used incorrectly and ended up dyeing the pooch bright green instead of ridding it of fleas , your professional liability insurance can help cover the costs to settle the claim .
: This kind of insurance helps protect businesses from claims stemming from errors that your business committed .
For example , if a client claims that the shampoo that you use as part of your dog- grooming business was used incorrectly and ended up dyeing the pooch bright green instead of ridding it of fleas , your professional liability insurance can help cover the costs to settle the claim .
Commercial umbrella insurance :
Just like your personal umbrella policy , a commercial umbrella insurance policy extends the limits of your liability coverage and can potentially cover losses that are not covered by other insurance .
: Just like your personal umbrella policy , a commercial umbrella insurance policy extends the limits of your liability coverage and can potentially cover losses that are not covered by other insurance .
Cyber liability insurance :
Any small business that may be vulnerable to a data breach that could leak sensitive customer information ( such as credit card numbers ) should get cyber liability coverage .
This insurance will help cover expenses for such an event , including notification costs , credit monitoring for affected customers , fines and penalties , and any losses due to identity theft .
: Any small business that may be vulnerable to a data breach that could leak sensitive customer information ( such as credit card numbers ) should get cyber liability coverage .
This insurance will help cover expenses for such an event , including notification costs , credit monitoring for affected customers , fines and penalties , and any losses due to identity theft .
Business owners policy ( BOP ) :
This type of policy packages together several different types of small business insurance .
Usually , BOPs include commercial property insurance and general liability insurance , along with some other types of insurance .
Bundling several different necessary insurance policies together in a BOP can sometimes be a cost - effective way to get all the coverage you need without buying several individual policies .
These are the most common types of business insurance .
However , there are a number of policies that can get quite specific to your industry and needs .
While most small business owners will have their bases covered with some of the above policies , it ’s always a good idea to read up on what industry - specific policies experts recommend for your business .
Related : Do You Need Insurance For Your Internet Business ?
Where to Get Business Insurance ?
It ’s important to know the insurance requirements for your specific industry .
One way to do this is through CoverWallet .
They are a concierge service for business owners searching for insurance options .
CoverWallet does n’t offer insurance themselves .
Instead , they partner with over 30 trusted insurance companies , Liberty Mutual , Berkshire Hathaway , Progressive , and AmTrust .
CoverWallet provides plenty of resources for business owners to help wade through a sea of information .
They have a great insurance guide as well as tips for business owners .
They will help you understand your coverage needs and assist with insurance quotes from partner companies .
Once you sign up for the required business insurance coverage , you ’ll want a safe place to compile all of your policy information and certificates .
The good news is that CoverWallet stores all of that information for you within their platform for easy access .
If you need more help , they offers email , chat , and phone support .
Get a free quote from CoverWallet or read our full review .
2. Life Insurance
Probably the most under - purchased ( is that a word ? ) form of insurance is life insurance .
This type of insurance protects your family from the potential loss of income from your death .
Not fun to think about .
But it ’s a reality .
The big questions in the life insurance world typically revolve around the differences between term and whole life insurance .
If you end up choosing term life insurance as I did , then the questions shift to “ how much life insurance do I need ? ”
Related Guide : How to Buy the Best Life Insurance in 7 Easy Steps [ The Ultimate Guide ]
Do n’t worry – you mainly need to get insurance on the earners in the family , plus anyone who makes an economic impact .
For example , a stay - at - home parent may not make a salary , but they ’re saving your family money on childcare costs .
You should also have coverage to make up that difference in case anything happens to that parent .
You can usually do without life insurance on your child .
My Life Insurance Story
I have been carrying life insurance ever since Mrs. PT and I welcomed our first child .
Prior to that , I was a little clueless about life insurance and had never looked into purchasing any for myself .
All that changed when we found out our first baby was on the way .
Becoming a father was when I realized how important life insurance is for my family .
We had our children because we thought I ’d always be around to help support my family .
If something were to happen to me , I want my kids to be raised by their Mom and not a daycare .
I also do n’t want my wife to have to use every dollar she earns to support the kids .
I recommend purchasing life insurance for anyone who is in a similar situation .
If you have dependents who are counting on your income , it makes sense to have a life insurance policy in place .
This will make sure your family will be taken care of no matter what .
In our case , a simple term life policy made the most sense .
But every family ’s needs are different , which is why it ’s so important to do your homework to find the best policy to meet your needs .
One big reason people give for not getting life insurance is the fear that it can be complex and expensive to find the right policy .
They worry about having to run the Ned Ryerson hard - sell gauntlet and end up having to pay through the nose for a policy .
But life insurance does n’t have to be complicated or expensive , especially in the digital age .
I was able to find a policy that worked for our family by doing my homework and requesting a quote online .
If you want some extra guidance for shopping for life insurance
Living Our Dreams
The insurance policy that I carry is more than just peace of mind .
It ’s also a part of how Mrs. PT and I are living our dreams .
We plan on living well within our means throughout our lives .
In fact , our goal is to be able to live within only one of our incomes at all times .
This plan is what allowed Mrs. PT to go to grad school for a time , and what allows her to stay home with our kids right now .
By living within our means , we can live our lives based on what is best for our family –rather than based on what we need financially .
Our dreams include living a rich life filled with pursuits , giving back , adventure , and raising happy , healthy kids .
This includes reaching financial independence to ensure we ’re there with them every step of the way .
Having life insurance in place has also helped us make this dream of a family - centered life , rather than a money - centered life , a reality .
To begin with , having life insurance in place offers us a sense of financial security and peace of mind .
We know that our family - centered life will continue even if something were to happen to me .
That kind of peace of mind allows us to really be present with each other as a family , rather worry about possible futures .
We have also been able to focus on other financial goals now that we have a life insurance policy .
Prior to purchasing our policy , I believed in self - insuring as much as possible by eliminating our debts and building solid savings accounts .
I still believe in self - insurance , but having life insurance in place offers a solid plan for the future .
It frees up the money we ’d otherwise use for self - insurance .
That means we can focus on our other big financial goals , like saving for retirement and for college .
Finally , as an entrepreneur , I sleep better a night knowing that my life insurance policy is there , even though I no longer have employer - based life insurance .
I ’ll be taken care of through my own policy , which leaves me free to focus on building my business and being a great Dad .
Purchasing a policy that fits your needs is like a promise to help protect your loved ones no matter what happens–giving your family a financial safety net when they need it the most .
I am more present in both my career and my family life because of our life insurance coverage .
Get a Free Life Insurance Quote
The process of actually getting life insurance can take a while –if you go the traditional route .
With typical life insurance , the application , physical exam , and underwriting can take what seems like forever .
Thankfully , we now live in the digital age , and even life insurance is getting a 21st - century upgrade .
Bestow makes it easy to get insurance literally in minutes , which means you can cross this insurance need off your list right away .
Bestow is a new online life insurance provider that uses proprietary algorithms to provide you with a quote , application , and approval process that takes just a few minutes .
You can get a traditional 10 or 20 - year life insurance policy for a low price and no waiting around .
Bestow is unlike other online life insurance providers because they underwrite the policies they offer in - house with their own technology .
That technology is called “ accelerated underwriting . ”
This process is unlike manual underwriting , which requires in - person interviews , a medical exam , lab tests , and paperwork .
Instead , accelerated underwriting asks you basic questions about your lifestyle and health , then uses data and technology to verify that information .
Between your self - reported information and the data verification , Bestow decides if you are super healthy , above average , average , or below average .
That will determine whether and for how much Bestow can sell you a policy .
And all this takes just a few minutes .
You can get coverage starting at $ 50,000 up to $ 1 million for as little as $ 8 per month .
It ’s an excellent option for anyone who needs life insurance coverage right away .
Check out our full review of Bestow here .
3. Health Insurance
Health insurance comes in many forms , but it ’s generally going to cover your medical expenses for any health - related issues ( i.e. you have a heart attack ) you experience .
There are two main types of health insurance : group and individual .
Group health insurance is typically what you get when you work for a company .
The risks and costs are spread out among the group members , so it ’s typically better insurance for you .
It ’s better because it ’s usually cheaper and it covers more .
Individual health insurance is something you ’ll have to get for you and your family if you do n’t have an employer , or you work part - time .
Since this type of insurance is n’t purchased by a group , you have to bear the costs and risks to yourself .
Related : Best Health Insurance Options for the Self - Employed
For this reason , individual health insurance is usually expensive and does n’t cover as much .
All is not lost , though .
There are plenty of ways to save money on health insurance , including using a health savings account and shopping around for health insurance quotes .
Another way is to use a service like Medcierge .
This subscription service finds the best price for the medical services you need .
It also helps reduce costs by providing access to telemedicine for you and your family and reduced costs for prescriptions .
Learn how to get a health insurance quote online today .
Recently , health insurance reform has come to the U.S.
There are lots of changes going on that are going to affect the way this insurance is provided and purchased in the future .
Be on the lookout for how these changes will impact you and your finances .
Healthshare Plans
When it comes to healthcare , another option for people to consider is a healthshare plan .
Healthshare plans are not insurance .
However , they are an alternative to traditional insurance that many people have turned to in recent years .
Healthshare plans are medical expense sharing programs where members share in each other ’s medical expenses .
Joining a healthshare program can help save money because you ’ll no longer be paying huge monthly health insurance premiums .
There ’s no need to pay ridiculous amounts of money for unsubsidized health insurance .
My family made the jump from traditional health insurance to a healthshare plan called Medi-Share .
We ’ve had a wonderful experience so far and have saved money too .
We used to pay $ 1,100 a month for health insurance through Humana .
Now we pay under $ 300 a month for a $ 10,500 Annual Household Portion , which is like a deductible .
Medi-Share is a non-profit , medical expense sharing program for Christians .
People need to meet certain requirements to qualify .
That ’s one of the reasons that you save money using healthshare plans , like Medi-Share .
It works similarly to health insurance in many ways too .
We even received a health incentive deduction by meeting certain health criteria , like blood pressure and BMI .
Healthshare plans have disadvantages too .
Not all medical expenses are covered and Medi-Share contributions are n’t tax - deductible .
It ’s important to read through the details of the program to make sure a healthshare plan makes sense for you .
What ’s great about Medi-Share is that there ’s no open enrollment period .
You can join Medi -Share anytime .
It ’s been a game - changer for my family and has put tons of money back into our pockets .
Here ’s our full Medi-Share review .
4. Homeowners Insurance
When you buy a home , condo , townhome , or even a mobile home , it ’s likely a good idea , and maybe a requirement by your lender , to purchase some homeowners insurance .
I would estimate that this type of insurance can cost annually as much as a mortgage payment for you .
You can now run a home insurance quote online as you can for car insurance .
What you get in return for your annual or monthly payment is a bit of peace of mind that if something were to happen to your home , like a fire , earthquake , flood , storm , etc. , you would be repaid for the damage .
Now you can see why a lender is interested in making sure you have this insurance .
They do n’t want to be stuck with the bill if something happens and you are n’t protected by the homeowners insurance .
How Much Is Homeowners Insurance ?
It can be expensive .
Our first policy cost us $ 1,430 annually and covered our “ dwelling ” for $ 275,000 and personal property for $ 192,000 .
Additionally , it had general liability coverage of $ 300,000 and a $ 1,000 deductible , among other minor things .
I recently called my agent to discuss my policy .
While we were on the phone I found out that the State of Texas ( Department of Insurance ) provides a free website ( HelpInsure.com ) which shows you the average insurance rates for different companies in Texas .
Pretty handy .
If you ’re in the hunt for new homeowners insurance I suggest you utilize your state ’s tool .
You can also use Gabi to shop your home insurance policy .
Start your free review now .
The No-Escrow Difference
Because I do n’t escrow my insurance and taxes ( i.e. pay for them along with my mortgage ) I have ultimate flexibility when it comes to which insurance company I work with , when I make my payments , and how much my deductible will be .
In my case , not being escrowed made a big difference in the fact that I was flexible with the amount of deductible I was willing to accept .
Going to a 3 % deductible means I would be roughly $ 4,500 worse off if a fire takes out my home or a tree falls on the roof than I would have been with the $ 1,000 deductible .
I ’m willing to accept this risk .
This move saves me over $ 500 annually .
Seen another way , I can take on a total loss every nine years and still come out ahead .
My advice is to be flexible with any insurance policy with regard to the amount of deductible .
But do n’t just chase the bottom line on the payment .
Look at the overall picture , and certainly , never take on a deductible that you do n’t have saved up already .
Many states regulate deductibles , so do n’t assume you can do 3 % as I did .
My final word is that it ’s important to get homeowners insurance rate quotes annually and pay in full , if possible .
Paying in full means you ’ll typically avoid any monthly service fees .
Even if you escrow and pay your insurance each month , stop down annually and make a call to get homeowners insurance quotes .
Check rates with Liberty Mutual and also shop your insurance with Gabi .
Other Important Notes About Homeowners Insurance
Look for discounts like multiple policies or security systems .
As with anything , do n’t focus solely on cost .
Get adequate insurance coverage .
Your credit history affects your premiums .
Did your home recently gain or lose value ?
You may not need as much insurance coverage .
Once you have homeowners insurance it ’s a good idea to consider an umbrella policy as well .
Add Umbrella Insurance ( and the Real Reason You Need It )
Lawsuits are a way of life in America now .
There are many examples of incredible jury awards for damages from civil lawsuits .
There are examples of dog bite cases resulting in judgments for millions .
Liable , slander , and defamation lawsuits stemming from the Internet have earned lawyers and plaintiffs tens of millions .
And , horrible and negligent automobile accidents top the list for large lawsuit verdicts across the country .
So , what is a person to do ?
You could simply hide under a rock and hope bad things will not happen to you and your family .
But that ’s likely not a smart choice .
You likely need umbrella insurance to protect your future , assets , and income .
Umbrella Insurance Even With No Assets
A lot of people think umbrella insurance is only for the rich and famous who have a lot of assets that need to be protected from lawsuits .
But that ’s not true .
Lets say , for example , you were negligent and caused a horrible car wreck .
You just graduated from college with a mountain of student loan debt and only have a part - time job and a lousy apartment to show for your troubles .
What could someone get from you by suing ?
You have no assets .
You do not have a house or investment portfolio to tap to pay for a judgment .
Or , do you ?
Like most people , you are forgetting about your most important asset while you are young .
It is relatively untouched and you do n’t even realize it .
It is n’t your home , car , or what little investments you may have accumulated when you are young .
Your greatest asset is your ability to earn an income in the future .
According to the National Association of Colleges and Employers , the average college graduate with a Bachelor ’s Degree earns a little over $ 44,000 per year .
With pay raises , inflation , and promotions , a graduate with only a Bachelor ’s Degree can expect to earn an estimated $ 2.25 million over the course of his or her lifetime .
If you lose a lawsuit and receive a judgement against you for damages , you could find your future wages garnished to help pay that award .
With a motion filed by the person that you wronged , the court can issue an order for the garnishment of your wages .
This order would require your employer to withhold a court - determined amount from your paycheck every month until your debt or lawsuit judgment has been paid .
When your wages are garnished your employer will send the monthly payment directly to the person you owe money to instead of paying you that portion of your earnings .
That ’s what you ’re protecting with umbrella insurance .
Simple Things That Leave You Vulnerable
You may be quite surprised at lawsuit triggers .
Without even realizing it , we tend to open ourselves and our families up to needless risk for lawsuits .
Does your family have a trampoline in your backyard and allow neighborhood children to play on it ?
Are you a teacher or a parent who chaperones your children ’s field trips with the school ?
Do you let your children ’s friends have sleepovers , playdates , and the like in your home ?
What about the type of dog you own ?
According to the Insurance Information Institute , over 30 % of all homeowner liability claims were the result of dog bites .
The average claim paid out by homeowner ’s insurance coverage was just $ 26,000 , but there is always the possibility for severe cases and claims .
Any judgment that tops $ 500,000 can easily exceed the standard homeowner ’s liability coverage that is found in most homeowner ’s insurance policies .
These are just a few of the many examples that just barely scratch the surface of your potential liability .
Do you have a cleaning service , lawn crew , or handyman work in your home or on your property ?
You can also find yourself potentially liable for issues with your children ’s swing set , treehouse , and other play sets .
Do you have a teenage driver ?
What if he or she was bullying others on social media and the unthinkable happened ?
Are you addicted to texting while driving ?
You can quickly see how your imagination , and the imagination of lawyers , can quickly run wild .
If you want to get advice on whether your situation warrants umbrella insurance , you can ask your insurance agent .
Or if you do n’t want to go that route just yet , consider Just Answer .
You can post your question and get a response from a lawyer any time of day , 24/7 .
How Much Is Umbrella Insurance ?
Umbrella insurance is relatively inexpensive to purchase .
According to ACE Private Risk Services , a global insurance and reinsurance company , the cost of a $ 2 million umbrella insurance policy typically costs less than $ 500 in premium per year for the typical American family of four .
Increasing your coverage to a $ 5 million umbrella insurance policy only adds about another $ 100 in premiums per year .
Keep in mind you may need to increase your other liability insurance ( home and auto ) to qualify for umbrella insurance .
The likelihood of being sued for both warranted and unnecessary events is increasing in America everyday .
But you can protect yourself with umbrella insurance .
Do not make the mistake of thinking it is too expensive or that you do not need it because you do n’t have assets .
What About Renters Insurance ?
Let ’s take a look at a few things you the tenant can do to protect your rented apartment or condo in case disaster or damage strikes .
Often people who rent try to save a bit every month by forgoing renters insurance .
Although your building is insured by the landlord , the items in your apartment are not insured .
Meaning your 42 inch TV , your new sofa , your laptop , and any other valuables are not covered by any insurance .
What you ’ll need to purchase as a renter is HO - 4 coverage or HO - 6 coverage if you live in a condominium .
You can purchase these coverages from any insurance company and it will protect your valuables in case of 17 different perils .
Some of the big ones , according to InsuranceGuide101.com , are :
Fire or lightning
Windstorm or hail
Vandalism and theft
Electrical surge damage
Water related damage from home utilities
Contact any insurance agency today and they ’ll walk you through the steps to purchase renters insurance – like listing the value of your items and deciding on a deductible price .
If you ’re wondering how much is renters insurance per month .
Know that monthly coverage will run anywhere from $ 10 - 50 a month depending on the extent of your policy and situation .
Renters Insurance For Your Situation : Earthquakes , Tornadoes , Floods
You may have noticed that in the 17 perils covered by the HO - 4 renters insurance , none of the large scale natural disasters are covered .
You ’ll have to go a step further to protect your living area from these types of disasters .
Insurance for earthquakes , tornadoes , or floods is a type of property insurance .
There is no all - reaching disaster coverage so you ’ll have to figure out what disasters have the probability of affecting your area .
See the probability of a tornado in your State .
Contact your insurance provider today and ask them to walk you through the steps for purchasing this type of coverage .
Keep Your Renters Insurance Updated
A lot can change over the course of the year .
Keep your list of insured items updated and fresh by going over your personal inventory every 6 - 12 months .
If you ’ve purchased a new $ 3,000 refrigerator but the insurance company does n’t know about it , that item wo n’t be replaced after a fire or theft .
When this happens , all you have to do is look around your apartment or condo and see if anything of large value has been purchased .
If so , contact your insurance agency and inform them of the item so they can update your policy .
5. Car Insurance
Auto or car insurance is probably the most well - known and commonly owned of all the insurance types .
This , I suspect , is because it ’s required in most states .
In my state , for instance , you need to have car insurance before you can register your vehicle or have it inspected .
Most states will require a minimum level of coverage for your car to protect others in case you have an accident .
Deciding which types you need is something you need to research and determine for yourself .
In that sense , car insurance is probably the most used , but least understood form of insurance .
Although car insurance is usually a requirement if you drive , it does n’t have to be expensive .
And you certainly should n’t pay premium prices when you do n’t have to .
I ’ve found that with a little research it ’s easy to save money on auto insurance .
You can get a direct quot from several companies .
You may want to try Esurance , an Allstate company .
Learn more tips for finding affordable auto insurance .
Compare Car Insurance Quotes With Gabi
Gabi can start you off on the right track when car insurance comparison shopping .
It ’s a completely free service !
Gabi works with over 40 insurance carriers to help narrow down the best choices for you .
You can do everything online , with no need for irritating phone calls .
It takes just two minutes to match your current car insurance to multiple providers , helping you to determine the best price and value for your needs .
With Gabi , they ’ve streamlined a typically tedious process into just minutes .
All you need to do is link your current car insurance policy for them to compare it to similar policies from different providers .
They ’ll compare up to 20 quotes for you simultaneously .
You can also comparison - shop for policies to insure your home , rental , motorcycle , or RV .
They even compare umbrella policies , too .
Since they ’re not a lead generator , you can trust that Gabi wo n’t cold - call or spam their customers .
They ’re an insurance comparison engine as well as an online insurance broker , licensed in 50 states .
Hoping to score extra discounts through bundling car insurance with another type of insurance ?
Gabi can help with that .
If you wish , you may be able to purchase a cheaper car insurance policy directly through Gabi .
Another nice feature they offer is that once you ’ve selected a quote , they can assign you a personal advisor to guide you through the rest of the process .
Do Safe Driver Discounts Really Help ?
You would think that being a good driver means that you can save a lot of money on your car insurance bill .
I tend to be somewhat skeptical about any advertised “ bargains , ” so I ’ve often wondered what the fine print would be on a safe driver discount .
Luckily , I know a friendly neighborhood insurance agent who was able to answer several of my questions .
Here are some of the safe driver “ catches ” that the commercials do n’t tell you about :
For some insureres , all insured need to be a safe driver .
Your reckless teen might prevent you from getting a discount .
Some companies will only offer the safe driver discount to those individuals who sign up for the highest level of coverage .
Three years of good driving history is not a hard and fast rule .
Some companies will go back as far as five years .
And if you change companies , many insurers will make you wait a year before offering you the safe driver discount , as they ’d like to have some history with you prior to handing you discounts .
Finally , allthough your insurer might tell you that you get some percentage off for good driving , it might not be as simple as that .
The percentage is not necessarily taken off the entire premium — instead it will be deducted from one line of coverage , such as your liability premium .
The bottom line is that it is important to know that signing up for a safe driver discount does not necessarily mean a huge difference in your bill .
When to Drop Full Coverage Auto Insurance ?
Full coverage auto insurance generally refers to a policy that includes comprehensive and collision insurance in addition to the state minimum .
Comprehensive insurance comes in handy if your car is stolen and not recovered , or damaged by anything other than a car accident ( e.g. fire , flood , or act of God ) .
This will pay for your car to be fixed or replaced for the amount that your insurance determines to be the car ’s actual cash value , minus your deductible .
For a general estimate of your car ’ s worth , consult Kelley Blue Book at www.kbb.com.
Collision coverage pays for repair or replacement ( minus your deductible ) in the case of a crash .
The question is when these types of coverage are necessary , and when you can pocket the money you ’d otherwise send to insurance .
Up front , you should know that unless you have paid off your car loan , you wo n’t be able to drop full coverage .
After that it depends on the age and value of the car .
A newer , more expensive car ought to carry full coverage and an older , cheaper car should not .
But what if you drive a car somewhere in the middle range ?
How do you know if you are carrying too much coverage ?
There are several factors to consider .
For example , seven of the ten most commonly stolen cars in the United States are more than a decade old .
So even if you drive an older car , if you ca n’t replace the car yourself , you might want to keep your comprehensive insurance .
Something else to consider is the cost of parts .
If you drive a European car ( which typically do not hold their value ) or an older reliable car , such as a Honda or Toyota , you can expect the price of parts to be prohibitive .
Damage to a single part can “ total ” a low - or mid-value car , even if the car is otherwise drivable .
In that case , it does not make fiscal sense to keep collision coverage .
A fender - bender could result in the total loss of your car , and it would be difficult to buy a replacement with the Blue Book value .
Your money is better spent in saving for a new car .
A final factor to think about is where your car spends most of its time .
Urban drivers face many more automobile hazards than suburban or rural drivers .
If you are carrying full coverage and do little to no city driving , consider changing your auto insurance policy .
Whatever plan will give you enough money to put you back on the road after a loss will be the one that is best for you .
For me , that meant reviewing my auto insurance policy and raising my deductible initially .
I saved the difference in my payment until I had enough put away so I could afford to drop my full coverage .
Now , I can buy a replacement vehicle should my 12 - year - old vehicle go to that big garage in the sky .
6. Disability Insurance
This type of insurance helps to cover your loss of income from some type of disability which causes you to lose your job or prevents you from earning an income .
You ’re far more likely to be injured than killed , so it ’s probably smart to have some of this insurance .
Like life insurance , most employers have a basic policy on their employees .
But that might not be enough for you , and / or you might not have a job with a company .
The self - employed should really look into this type of coverage .
Related : Self Employed ?
Here ’s Everything You Need to Know About Disability Insurance
It ’s something I need to do for sure .
There ’s lots to know about disability insurance .
Mainly , it ’s important to understand the distinction between short - term and long - term disability insurance .
With short - term disability insurance , the benefit period is typically three to six months .
Long - term disability insurance offers a longer benefit period , usually measured in years .
Request a quote for disability insurance here .
7. Long -Term Care Insurance
Who will take care of you when you ca n’t take care of yourself ?
Whether it ’s due to an early onset of Alzheimer ’s or you ’re simply too old , if you ca n’t take care of yourself , you ’ll need help .
Your loved ones can only do so much .
You may be too wealthy for government assistance , and you may not be wealthy enough to pay for it all yourself .
This is where long - term care insurance comes in .
What is Long Term Care Insurance ?
Long - term care insurance is just what it sounds like : insurance that will help pay for your long - term non-medical care needs – needs like assisted living , nursing home care , and home care .
I spoke with Wendy Boglioli , Long Term Care Planning Specialist , Olympic Gold Medalist , and National Spokesperson for Genworth Financial and here ’s what she shared .
Best Time to Buy Long Term Care Insurance
The best time to buy a long - term care insurance policy is when you are healthy !
Because long - term care insurance is fully underwritten by an insurance company , they look at insuring healthy people today ( think of trying to buy home insurance when your house is on fire ) .
With that in mind , a person ’s health will be the determining factor in both applications being taken and being issued .
What is the average age of a person buying a policy today ?
Ten years ago it was 68 .
Today it is around 54 .
Wendy says ,
“ most of my clients today bought in their 40 ’s because their health was the best , and they were young ( which is a huge factor as well when it comes to annual premium ) .
Personally , I bought my policy at age 42 , and my husband at 45 . ”
For them , it was clearly a business decision .
That , plus the fact that they are so active , climbing , skiing , cycling , etc . .
They asked themselves “ if anything happened to us today where would the money come from ? ”
They immediately said , “ from someone else ” .
So they chose to apply for long - term care insurance coverage through Genworth .
Quick Stats : Long Term Care Insurance Cost
So how much does long - term care insurance cost ?
Well , information from longtermcare.gov tells us :
“ The cost of a long - term care policy varies greatly based on your age at the time of purchase , the policy type , and the coverage you select .
In 2007 , the average long - term care insurance policy cost about $ 2,207 / year , covered 4.8 years of benefits , excluding the 20 percent of people who elected lifetime coverage , had a daily benefit amount of $ 160 , was a comprehensive policy covering both facility and at - home care , and included some form of automatic inflation protection . ”
The Best Long Term Care Insurance Companies
There are great companies in the marketplace , and ones perhaps not so good .
Like everything right ?
Always look at the companies that have been in business for over 20 years .
Keep in mind the industry itself is very young ( only 38 years old ) , unlike life insurance and home insurance .
So it is absolutely important to look at the companies that are committed to their policyholders and the long term care insurance market itself .
Also look at how many policyholders a company actually has .
Remember , the bigger the pool the more the premiums are spread out .
Also , the type of people that the company insures matters .
Companies continue to pay out in claims for those that go on claim .
When a company insures individuals that are already in need of care , or care right around the corner , that can lead to higher premiums for everyone .
Take a look at the criteria the top companies want in their pool .
If there is no limit on who they will insure , or if they begin paying out in claims in a huge way immediately , not good .
Once the homework is completed , work with your financial advisor .
If you do not have one , work with a long term care financial professional .
From there work with that professional to make sure you understand your coverage .
Get a Long Term Care Insurance Quote
If you want to work on your own to find and compare quotes , here are some resources :
Other Types of Insurance
Travel Insurance
Planning a vacation is supposed to be fun , which means many travelers neglect to consider travel insurance .
Vacations can go seriously awry , leaving you with a stressful situation rather than a relaxing respite .
If you are out all of the money you spent on the vacation and forced to spend additional funds to get home , you may decide never to leave home again .
If you are planning a big , expensive travel experience sometime this year , you might want to consider protecting yourself financially in case of vacation disaster with one of these options :
Travel Insurance Through Your Credit Card
If you purchase your travel using a credit card , you will often be offered some sort of travel insurance as a perk of using the card .
Credit cards offer insurance on anything from rental car collision to trip cancellation to fatal travel accidents to lost luggage .
However , the insurance offered by credit cards should be considered a secondary form of travel insurance , since there are many rules , exclusions , and coverage holes in the average credit card travel insurance package .
And the most common need for travel insurance — covering a cancellation due to illness or family emergency — is only covered by 15 % of credit cards .
In addition , credit cards do not offer medical or evacuation coverage .
For those traveling abroad or on a cruise , this is an important exclusion to note .
If you were to fall ill or be injured outside of the United States , you could potentially be on the hook for your medical care and emergency flight back home .
Trip Cancellation Insurance
This offers you a refund for the price of the trip should you be unable to take it .
Generally , cancellation insurance costs 5 % - 10 % of the price of the trip .
For travelers taking a structured vacation — like a cruise or a tour — the company will often offer a cancellation waiver .
Waiver prices vary from company to company , but they are generally much lower than cancellation insurance .
The waiver is similar to cancellation insurance , but it has a number of restrictions , including a prohibition on canceling your trip at the last minute .
Unfortunately , that is when most vacations need to be cancelled .
The typical timeframe for canceling a cruise for a full refund is more than 75 days before the ship sails .
After that point , you could lose up to 75 % of your purchase price — or the entire purchase price if you cancel within two weeks of the sail date .
Adding 5 % - 10 % to the price of your trip could help you rest easy that your vacation wo n’t be an expensive empty room on a cruise ship .
Personal Effects Coverage
This is one type of travel insurance that most vacationers probably do n’t need .
Often , your renters or homeowners insurance will cover the loss of your possessions , no matter where those possessions happen to be in the world .
However , if you ’re traveling with a great deal of expensive photography equipment , sports gear , or your heirloom jewelry , it might be worth your while to purchase an endorsement to your existing homeowner ’s policy to cover those items while you are traveling .
The endorsement will cost you less than a travel - specific personal effects insurance policy , and it will protect your valuables just as well .
Travel Medical Insurance
In many cases , your medical insurance will cover some or even all of any medical emergency you have while away from home .
However , each policy is different , and it ’s a good idea to go over your policy and figure out what is and is not covered .
For instance , you may be covered for an extended stay in a foreign hospital , but you might have to pay upfront and be reimbursed .
::
Other forms of insurance you probably do n’t need include identity theft insurance , accidental death insurance , credit card protection insurance , pet insurance , dental insurance , loan protection insurance , and many others .
When preparing for the future , make sure insurance is in your plans .
Protect yourself and what ’s important to you by getting the insurance coverage you need .
Use the resources mentioned above to help you get started today .
Facebook says it has discovered the identity of " Kirllos , " the hacker who claimed to be selling 1.5 million Facebook logins on the black market last month .
It turns out that Kirlios did n't quite have as many accounts as he originally claimed , though he did manage to sell a number of credentials to third parties .
Facebook has also updated its login system to make it more secure for users who want to make sure they maintain control of their accounts .
Facebook has not published Kirllos ' identity , but says that he is based in Russia and the company has alerted local law enforcement to his activities .
" We have determined Kirllos ' identity through IP addresses , online accounts , and other information and believe that he 's very likely a low - level actor , " Facebook Spokesman Simon Axten told ComputerWorld .
Kirllos was apparently such a " low - level actor " that he had to inflate the number of accounts he had available .
According to Axten , the hacker did have some credentials available , but the number of accounts Facebook found was " orders of magnitude less than what was reported . "
The company reset the passwords on the accounts they identified and notified users .
Kirllos also appears to have disappeared from the Internet and has not responded to offers to buy more accounts .
This was likely just one of many reasons why Facebook decided to update its security settings in order to help users keep tighter control of their accounts .
Users can now set up their accounts so they have to approve every device that accesses their Facebook logins .
You can do this by going into Account Security under My Account and indicating that you want an alert anytime someone tries to log in from a device that has n't yet been approved .
On top of this , Facebook now asks for more information of someone trying to log in from an unfamiliar device .
This system is similar to the one used by ING Direct and other banking systems to help cut down on unauthorized logins , and Facebook claims it has already seen some " great results . "
We see potential in this feature ( I already turned it on for my account ) , but it wo n't have much effect if the majority of users have no idea the setting exists .
Time to start telling your friends and family members about their security settings again !
Overview ( 4 )
Mini Bio ( 1 )
Spouse ( 2 )
Trade Mark ( 5 )
Known for not being especially humble
Sarcastic humorous deliveries while remaining completely stonefaced
Distinctive drawling voice
Frequently plays egotistical but likable scoundrels
Frequently plays intelligent but eccentric characters
Trivia ( 90 )
( August 2 , 2000 ) Released from jail on $ 5,000 bail .
( March 31 , 1998 ) Released from jail to complete his six - month jail sentence at a drug rehabilitation center .
Downey caused a stir when he was freed to work on a movie .
( February 13 , 1998 ) He got into fight with another inmate at the Los Angeles County Jail , where he was serving time for a probation violation , and was treated for a cut over his nose .
Jailed for 180 days for violating probation .
[ December 1997 ]
( October 17 , 1997 ) Probation revoked after continued drug use .
Remanded to a secure drug rehabilitation center .
[ August 1996 ]
During traffic stop for speeding , he was arrested for drunk driving , possession of heroin , and possession of an unloaded pistol in his pickup truck .
This was his first reported brush with the law at age 31 .
He was given a suspended prison sentence of three years , and granted probation with requirements of random drug testing and drug counselling .
[ August 1996 ]
Names Peter O'Toole as his favorite actor .
Lived with Sarah Jessica Parker for seven years during the 1980s .
Attended Stagedoor Manor .
( June 22 , 1999 ) Sent to a rehab center at the Los Angeles County jail while waiting for an August 5 hearing .
His father introduced him to drugs , offering him a marijuana joint when he was age 8 .
While drunk , he wandered into a neighbor 's Malibu home that he thought was his own , and fell asleep in their child 's bed .
He was arrested for being under the influence of drugs , which was a third violation of his probation .
He took daily drug tests during the filming of Two Girls and a Guy ( 1997 ) .
Once worked as a piece of living art in a SoHo nightclub in New York City .
( August 6 , 1999 ) After Downey 's three violations of probation for drug and alcohol abuse in a three - year span of time since he was spared a prison sentence and placed on probation , Malibu Judge Lawrence Mira stated that he was out of options .
He was sentencing Downey to prison , he said , to save his life , because he would not take the responsibility of refraining from alcohol and drug use on his own .
The Judge invoked the three years ' sentence in state prison that had been suspended in 1996 .
Downey spent two weeks in a state prison reception center at Wasco , California , for orientation .
On August 25 , 1999 , he was transferred to a Department of Corrections prison named " SATF " ( Substance Abuse Treatment Facility ) for drug dependent prisoners in Corcoran California .
Scheduled release date : November 2 , 2000 .
SATF is across the street from the other Corcoran Prison , where inmates were shot to death on the exercise yard during fights in the 1990s .
Downey 's lawyers have approached the Malibu judge several times in the last 11 months to request Downey 's release , but the Judge has refused .
Downey 's lawyers petitioned the State Court of Appeals in Los Angeles , stating that Downey had already served enough time because the Malibu judge had made errors in calculating his sentence .
He had not given credit for the several times Downey spent in lockdown rehab units and in pre-sentencing confinement .
Downey 's lawyers claimed that he should have been released in February 2000 .
( November 25 , 2000 ) Downey re-arrested on drugs and weapons charges in Palm Springs , California , at the luxurious Merv Griffin resort , after an anonymous tip to police .
Downey was found alone , with cocaine and methamphetamines .
He cooperated with police , spent the night in jail , and was released the next morning on $ 15,000.00 bail .
Downey had been on a career upswing with his successful stint on Ally McBeal ( 1997 ) , and his upcoming stage performance as Hamlet , set for January 2001 in Los Angeles , to be directed by his friend Mel Gibson
( April 24 , 2001 ) Arrested for being under the influence of a controlled substance in Los Angeles after he was found wandering in an alley .
He was fired from the television series Ally McBeal ( 1997 ) by producer David E. Kelley after the arrest .
( March 15 , 2001 ) Downey 's attorneys advised the judge that they could not reach a plea bargain in his November 2000 drug arrest .
( May 24 , 2001 ) Downey pleaded not guilty to the November 2000 drug charges .
He is being held in a drug rehab center until his case is decided .
( July 16 , 2001 ) Downey pleaded no contest to drug charges .
The judge sentenced him to remain in rehabilitation for one year and to three years ' probation .
His parents divorced when he was age 11 .
Kept a great deal of the authentic vintage clothing he wore in the movie Chaplin - Das Leben der unsterblichen Filmlegende ( 1992 ) .
In a symbolic attempt to bury his decadent 1980s Brat Pack image and begin a new phase of his life and career after filming Chaplin - Das Leben der unsterblichen Filmlegende ( 1992 ) in 1991 , he ( literally ) buried the clothes that he wore in Unter Null ( 1987 ) in the backyard of his house .
As a result of his father 's work ( Robert Downey Sr. was ( and is ) an independent filmmaker ) , Downey the younger spent a great deal of his childhood on the move .
He lived at various points in Connecticut , New York , California , London , Paris and Woodstock .
At the age of 10 , while living in London , Robert attended the Perry House School in Chelsea and studied classical ballet .
Married his first wife after dating her for only 42 days .
Dropped out of Santa Monica High School at age 17 and moved to New York to become an actor .
First jobs in the city included bussing tables at Central Falls restaurant , working in a shoe store , and performing as " living art " at SohHo 's notorious underground club Area .
Downey enjoyed working with the director of the Elton John music video - contemporary artist Sam Taylor - Johnson - so much that he suggested that they work together again on an art piece .
The result was an art video called " Pietà " , made in the manner of Michelangelo 's famous Pietà sculpture in Rome .
It was included in Sam Taylor - Johnson 's exhibition " Mute " at the White Cube 2 art gallery in London , November 23 to January 12 , 2002 .
Starred in Elton John 's music video for the song " I Want Love " .
Downey was let out of rehab for one day in late July specifically to shoot the video ( which was filmed in one long continuous take at Greystone Manor in Beverly Hills ) .
This was Downey 's first work since being fired from the television series Ally McBeal ( 1997 ) in April 2001 .
Childhood friends with Richard Hall , better known as Moby
He married his second wife , Gothika ( 2003 ) producer Susan Downey , at Amagansett , New York on August 27 , 2005 .
Was approached to play the role as Zaphod Beeblebrox in Per Anhalter durch die Galaxis ( 2005 ) .
Is the first regular cast member of Saturday Night Live ( 1975 ) to be nominated for an Academy Award in the category " Best Actor in a Leading Role " .
Joan Cusack and Dan Aykroyd were also nominated for Academy Awards some years before Downey , but both were nominated for supporting roles .
Was in attendance at Chris Penn 's funeral at Holy Cross Cemetery in Culver City , California .
Met wife Susan Downey on the set of Gothika ( 2003 ) .
He proposed to Susan Downey on her 30th birthday .
Ranked # 60 in Time magazine 's 100 Most Influential People in the World ( 2008 ) .
Downey 's paternal grandfather , Robert Elias , was of Lithuanian Jewish descent , while Downey 's paternal grandmother , model Betty McLoughlin , was of half Irish and half Hungarian Jewish ancestry .
Downey 's mother 's lineage was English , Scottish , German , and Swiss - German .
Gave life to the same character ( Tony Stark ) in two movies in the same year ( Iron Man ( 2008 ) and Der unglaubliche Hulk ( 2008 ) ) produced by the same studio ( Marvel Studios ) .
Has worn lifts at his directors ' requests in his recent leading man roles , namely Iron Man ( 2008 ) and its sequel and in Sherlock Holmes ( 2009 ) , in order to enhance his height .
In order to get over his drug addiction , he began studying Wing Chun in 2003 under Sifu Eric Oram , who served as a fight and martial arts consultant on Guy Ritchie 's Sherlock Holmes ( 2009 ) .
According to an interview he gave to Newsweek in February 2009 , when Downey went to Japan for their opening of Iron Man ( 2008 ) , he was detained on entry because Japanese authorities ran his passport and found it linked to some incredible criminal activity ( namely Downey 's multiple arrests and incarcerations on drug- related charges in the 1990s and 2000s ) .
For failing to disclose these convictions , Downey was interrogated for six hours and was almost barred from entry into Japan .
It was finally decided that he could enter Japan for the Iron Man premiere but he is never to be allowed into Japan again .
Was roommates with Kiefer Sutherland in the early 1980s .
Filmed his role in Julius Caesar Superstar ( 1994 ) in one day .
Lives in Venice and Malibu , California .
Is the first , and thus far only , actor to win a Golden Globe for portraying Sherlock Holmes .
Honoured at the 25th American Cinematheque Award on October 14 , 2011 in Los Angeles .
Mentioned in a November 2010 interview with Playboy magazine that he studies Kung Fu at the L.A. Wing Chun Kung Fu Academy in West Los Angeles three times a week for three hours a session .
Placed his hand and footprints in concrete in front of Grauman 's Chinese Theater in 2010 .
Was a huge fan of the Iron Man comics as a child .
Has stated on Jimmy Kimmel Live ! ( 2003 ) that he is not a method actor .
Robert and wife Susan Downey had their first child , Exton Elias Downey , on February 7 , 2012 .
He weighing in at 7 lbs. 5 oz . and measuring 20 inches .
He was offered the lead role in Die fantastische Welt von Oz ( 2013 ) , but declined , as he was not interested .
He travelled around the world promoting Iron Man 3 ( 2013 ) with back - to - back visits to Seoul , South Korea ; Beijing , China ; Moscow , Russia ; Berlin , Germany ; Paris , France and London , England .
[ April 2013 ]
Wife Susan Downey gave birth to baby girl , Avri Roel Downey at 3:22 a.m. on November 4 , 2014 .
During the promotion of Avengers : Age of Ultron ( 2015 ) , famously walked out of an interview with Krishnan Guru - Murthy when pressed about his " dark " past because he felt it was inappropriate that children would be watching .
He told Howard Stern he would leave again if that ever happened in the future .
He was considered for the role of Batman / Bruce Wayne in Batman ( 1989 ) , which went to Michael Keaton .
He would , of course , play a different superhero .
He was almost cast as Duckie in Pretty in Pink ( 1986 ) , when the ending had Andie getting together with Duckie .
Per Molly Ringwald , this ending may have stuck if Downey won the role , because he did n't give her the " brother vibe " Jon Cryer did .
As a five - year - old Robert uttered his very first words of dialog on film in his father Robert Downey Sr. 's Pound ( 1970 ) : " Have any hair on your balls ? " .
Maintained a professional work ethic when he was a drug addict .
In The Nice Guys ( 2016 ) played cameo of corpse , Sid Shattuck .
He is a cousin of crooner Harry Connick Jr. , news woman Barbara Walters and stunt pro Garner Ted Aukerman .
He came dead last in Rolling Stone 's ranking of all 141 castmembers of Saturday Night Live ( 1975 ) .
Is an avid collector of exotic watches including such brands as , Breitling , Omega , Jaeger - LeCoultre , Rolex , Patek Philippe , Baume & Mercier ( his grandfather 's ) etc .
He was approached for the role of Megamind in Megamind ( 2010 ) , but turned it down due to scheduling conflicts .
So the role was given to Will Ferrell
Has played the role of Tony Stark / Iron Man a total of ten times : Iron Man ( 2008 ) , The Incredible Hulk ( 2008 ) in a cameo , Iron Man 2 ( 2010 ) , The Avengers ( 2012 ) , Iron Man 3 ( 2013 ) , Avengers : Age of Ultron ( 2015 ) , Captain America : Civil War ( 2016 ) , Spider - Man : Homecoming ( 2017 ) in a small role , Avengers : Infinity War ( 2018 ) and Avengers : Endgame ( 2019 ) .
Six of those ten films grossed over $ 1 billion at the worldwide box office .
Personal Quotes ( 52 )
I 've always felt like such an outsider in this industry .
Because I 'm so insane , I guess .
The higher the stakes , the happier I am , the better I will be .
I 'm not used to feeling like I belong where I am .
A lot of my peer group think I 'm an eccentric bisexual , like I may even have an ammonia - filled tentacle or something somewhere on my body .
That 's okay .
I 've become a picky little bitch .
I 've never bothered to plan projects before .
I just used to throw the script across the room and say , " Why do they keep sending me this horseshit ? "
And then I 'd start rehearsals two weeks later .
[ on his addiction to drugs ]
It 's like I have a loaded gun in my mouth , and I like the taste of metal .
It 's a blanket statement to say , " That guy 's really sharp and amicable and nice , " because there 's a little bit of asshole in every nice guy , and there 's a little bit of genius in every moron .
[ on his music ]
I am putting together some ideas for two or three more things I want to do .
Maybe a CD of just my kind of standards , which would be Supertramp and Steely Dan covers with an orchestra .
I 'm deep into old Genesis .
I 'm sorry , but these are songs that mean something to me .
" Follow You Follow Me " is a song that 's about something to me .
I know very little about acting .
I 'm just an incredibly gifted faker .
It was so nice to go into this fake courtroom [ on Ally McBeal ( 1997 ) ] .
I immediately went up into the judge 's chair .
Nice view .
A preferable perspective .
What I usually hate about these movies when suddenly the guy that you were digging turns into Dudley Do-Right , and then you 're supposed to buy into all his " Let 's go do some good !
That Eliot Ness - in - a - cape - type thing .
What was really important to me was to not have him change so much that he 's unrecognizable .
When someone used to be a schmuck and they 're not anymore , hopefully they still have a sense of humor .
[ on superhero movies ]
[ on Black and White ( 1999 ) ]
A stage slap from Mike Tyson is like a shovel whack from a normally fortified male .
The great thing about Saturday Night Live ( 1975 ) was being at 30 Rockefeller Center .
And having Belushi and Aykroyd 's old office .
And me and Michael [ Anthony Michael Hall ] saying , " We want bunk beds .
With NFL Sheets .
And we want them now . "
And Michael was like " Man , it 's gonna be great , we 're gonna be buddies , we 're gonna do a show together , we 're gonna ... "
Then , " I 'm gonna do Heiße Hölle L. A. ( 1986 ) " and he left .
As for me , I was doing Mach 's nochmal , Dad ( 1986 ) and Saturday Night Live at the same time .
So I 'd fly back to Los Angeles for a couple of days during the week to shoot the movie and then fly back and , " Live from New York , it 's a tired young man ! "
I had four weeks ' work in Baby It 's You ( 1983 ) , and I told all my friends I was now , officially , a major talent and film star .
And then they cut my scenes out .
You do n't even see me except in one scene - you see me in the background until this self - indulgent actress leans forward to try and get more camera time .
They cut all my scenes out and my friends go , " Hey , Robert - maybe it 's you ! "
Now I do n't tell people that I 'm in a film until I see it on videocassette .
Tofu is the root of all evil , and there 's only one thing that can change a man 's mind , and that 's a modified Uzi with an extra -long clip .
I did Air America ( 1990 ) for two reasons : to be in a movie with Mel Gibson and to make a bunch of money .
And then underneath there was the hope that in doing this formulaic thing I would be launched into a whole new realm of opportunity to do A - list movies .
By the time we were done , the only positive thing was meeting Mel Gibson .
[ on why he did Dangerous Zone ( 1996 ) ]
Five hundred grand for two weeks .
[ on Zeit der Sinnlichkeit ( 1995 ) ]
I just thought [ Hugh Grant ] was a dick , that 's all .
And I still do .
You know , and that could be something that has to do with me , or it could just be that not everyone in this industry is someone I 'd care to hang out with .
[ on his childhood ]
I did n't want to talk about what my dad did because it was n't like he was directing Es bleibt in der Familie ( 1971 ) or anything .
He was doing these crazy films .
Mom would pick me up at school wearing this big quilted cape .
I felt like I was in a J.D. Salinger story .
Dad's Jewish and Irish , Mom's German and Scotch .
I could n't say I was anything .
My last name is n't even Downey .
My dad changed his name when he wanted to get into the Army and was underage .
My real name is Robert Elias .
I feel like I 'm still looking for a home in some way .
[ on Sean Penn ]
In a relatively short time he was a better friend than some people I 'd known for ages .
I remember him saying three or four years ago , " You have two reputations .
I think you know what both of them are , and I think you 'd do well to get rid of one of those reputations .
If you do n't , it will get rid of the other one . "
And I was like , " Two reputations , I 'll be right back . "
Just hearing him say that reminded me that I should go score .
After that , he was like , forget it .
It sucks , too , because someone as honorable as he is , I really should have responded .
Jesus , I grew up idolizing this guy .
Not only does he consider me a friend , but he 's taking time .
He 's got a family .
He 's got a career that 's going well .
He 's living his dreams and making time for me , and I 'm like , " I can't , I just ca n't - sorry , busy . "
As soon as I started smoking heroin instead of smoking coke , everything was different , and I knew it was .
And it happened around the time I was doing Familienfeste und andere Schwierigkeiten ( 1995 ) .
Home for the Holidays is , for me , one of the most relaxed performances in the history of cinema .
I can't attribute that to the fact that I was at a serene place in my life , or that there was a real warm feeling on the set .
This is a problem for me because I glamorize this stuff .
I can't say that it was n't real dark , real evil and real hurtful to those around me .
And yet , practically every take of that film was a print .
God bless Jodie Foster .
When does she have time to do a handwritten letter telling someone how she genuinely cares about them ?
She said , " Listen , I 'm not worried about you on this film .
You 're not losing it or nodding out , and you 're giving a great performance .
I 'm worried about your thinking you can get away with doing this on another film . "
[ on Chaplin - Das Leben der unsterblichen Filmlegende ( 1992 ) ]
When I accepted the part , they did n't tell me that I also had to do the acrobatic stuff of Charlie .
That has cost me a lot of blood , sweat and tears .
Though I now can say , ' I did all my stunts myself . '
Working on Chaplin was really intensive and cost me years of my life , but if I could do it all over again , no doubt I would do it the same way .
[ on Chaplin - Das Leben der unsterblichen Filmlegende ( 1992 ) ]
Chaplin was the culmination of an opportunity , and the biggest humiliation I 've ever experienced .
It was like winning the lottery , then going to prison .
I realized that nothing that had worked for me before was going to work here .
I 'd watch one of Charlie 's films , but by the end of it I was wildly depressed , because I realized that what he'd done in this twenty - minute short was more expressive and funnier than everything I 've thought about doing my whole life .
[ on Auf der Jagd ( 1998 ) ]
Possibly the worst action movie of all time , and that 's just not good for the maintenance of a good spiritual condition .
You 've had a traumatic year , you 've been practically suicidal - what do you think would be really healing for you ?
How about like twelve weeks of running around as Johnny Handgun ?
I think that if you talk to a spirit guide , they would say , " That 'll kill you . "
[ on Auf der Jagd ( 1998 ) ]
I thought maybe there was something I was missing , and what I really needed to do was to be in one of those films that I love taking my kid to .
It would end up being really depressing .
I 'd rather wake up in jail for a TB test than have to wake up another morning knowing I 'm going to the set of U.S. Marshals .
I do n't want to go all Michael Jackson on you , but I never really had a childhood .
I have a sense of destiny that you are led to the things you are supposed to do .
[ on Mickey Rourke ]
He 's so good .
And he 's formidable and he 's very much reminding me of that kind of charming , confident guy that we know .
[ on Iron Man 2 ( 2010 ) ]
I 've never been in a sequel and it's very daunting because I feel the expectation of the millions of people who watched it and enjoyed it and told me that it was a little different than your usual genre picture and that they expected us to not screw it up .
So I actually have taken Iron Man 2 ( 2010 ) probably more seriously than any movie I 've ever done , which is appropriately ridiculous for Hollywood .
Mel Gibson cast me in The Singing Detective ( 2003 ) , even though an insurance company would n't cover it because it was my first film after my release from behind bars .
The best part was when Mel gave me a motorcycle while we still had two weeks left to shoot .
I go , " ' Are you trying to ruin this movie ?
What if I have an accident ? "
He goes , " No , no .
I figure if you made it two - thirds of the way through , you can't do anything wrong . "
What do you say , though -- if you want to make God laugh , tell him your plan .
[ his Golden Globe acceptance speech for Best Actor - Comedy or Musical ]
If you start playing violins , I will tear this joint apart .
First of all , I want to thank my wife Susan Downey for telling me Matt Damon was going to win so do n't bother to prepare a speech .
That was at about 10 a.m.
I do n't have anybody to thank .
I 'm sorry .
Everyone 's been so gratuitous , it was a collaboration , we all did this together .
Certainly not going to thank Warner Brothers , Alan Horn , and my god , robbing off these guys .
They needed me .
Avatar - Aufbruch nach Pandora ( 2009 ) was going to take us to the cleaners .
If they did n't have me , we did n't have a shot buddy .
What am I going to do ?
I 'm not going to be able to thank Joel Silver .
I mean the guy has only restarted my career twelve times since I began twenty - five years ago .
I really do n't want to thank my wife because I could be busing tables at the daily groom right now if not for her .
Jesus , what a gig that would be .
Guy Ritchie had a great vision for this film and a lot of great people came together and we worked our asses off .
It 's just a privilege .
The Hollywood Foreign Press has a quote by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle , who was a genius by the way , and he said " Art is the blood , Is libel to take to the strongest forms . "
That is also why I would like to thank , or not thank , the Hollywood Foreign Press because they are a strange bunch of people and now I 'm one of them .
Thank you .
[ on his role as an Australian actor playing a black man in Tropic Thunder ( 2008 ) ]
I thought it was a completely incendiary idea and I blame it all on Ben Stiller and DreamWorks .
[ on why some of his political opinions now lean more conservative then they used to ] I have a really interesting political point of view , and it's not always something I say too loud at dinner tables here , but you can't go from a $ 2,000 - a- night suite at La Mirage to a penitentiary and really understand it and come out a liberal .
You can't .
I would n't wish that experience on anyone else , but it was very , very , very educational for me and has informed my proclivities and politics every since .
[ " The New York Times " , 2008 ]
[ on producer Joel Silver ]
Joel just kept telling me .
We 've got to get your gun in your hand .
Joel is one of the few relationships I care to have with a producer .
Look he 's vast and voracious , and he definitely has the ability to break into a scream about a point he would like to make .
But he can also be incredibly warm and generous .
[ on winning an Oscar ]
As long as I stick around I 'm going to end up with a bunch of them anyway as they 're going to run out of people to give them to .
And I 'm probably going to win it one year when someone else deserves to win it .
Why ?
Because it 's my time , goddammit .
And that 's the way shit works around here .
I 'm just an uptight mutt at the top of his game .
Welcome to Hollywood , bitch !
I 'll see you at the Vanity Fair party and I 'll be holding that golden statue you deserve ' cause guess what ?
It happened to me too !
[ on Mel Gibson ]
He 's a stand - up guy - he 's always has been for me - and certainly when I was not hire - able , he put his ass on the line and said , " I 'll take that chance . "
He will always have my friendship , and that 's just talking about business and Hollywood stuff , which to me is nowhere as important as friendship .
[ 2010 , on his past problems ]
Sometimes it 's necessary to compartmentalize the different stages of your evolution , both personally and objectively , for the people you have to love and tolerate .
And one of those people , for me , is me .
I have a very strong sense of that messed - up kid , that devoted theater actor , that ne'er - do - well 20 - something nihilistic androgyne and that late - 20s married guy with a little kid , lost , lost in narcotics - all as aspects of things I do n't regret and am happy to keep a door open on .
More than anything I have this sense that I 'm a veteran of a war that is difficult to discuss with people who have n't been there .
I feel for the kind of zeitgeist diagnoses that are being applied to certain of my peers lately , and I think it 's unconscionable .
[ 2010 , on landing Iron Man ( 2008 ) ]
I prepared for the screen test so feverishly that I literally made it impossible for anybody to do a better job .
I had never worked on something that way before ; I was so familiar with six or nine pages of dialogue , I had thought of every possible scenario .
At a certain point during the screen test , I was so overwhelmed with anxiety about the opportunity that I almost passed out .
I watched it later , and that moment came , fluttered and was n't even noticeable .
But to me , it was this stretched - out moment of what keeps people from doing theater for 30 years - just an unadulterated fear of failure .
[ 2010 ] Discipline for me is about respect .
It 's not even about self - respect ; it 's about respect for life and all it offers .
And not indulging .
I have happily reconsidered my position on a bunch of things I did n't want on my " no " list despite all evidence that I could n't handle them .
At the end of the day , anything I think I 'm sacrificing I 'm just giving up because it makes me feel better .
[ 2010 ]
I 've noticed that worrying is like praying for what you do n't want to happen .
I do n't worry , but I observe where my mind tends to go .
I have such an overwhelming sense that if you 're in the right state of heart , which I have been for a little while , the next right thing appears to you .
[ on never winning an Oscar ] I know it 's going to happen .
That 's just a fact ... because it just does n't make sense .
That 's why I do n't mind showing up and watching everybody else get them ...
Look , even if I do n't get one directly , eventually they 're just going to have to give me one when I get old .
So no matter how you slice it , I 'm getting one ...
I should probably have more , but zero 's fine .
[ on the Oscars ceremony ]
It is amazing to see how people are literally hyperventilating when they get up there , because they have such an attachment to this outcome .
Nobody has cornered Halloween as a market since Halloween - Die Nacht des Grauens ( 1978 ) .
It 's hard for me to watch Kiss Kiss Bang Bang ( 2005 ) and not get nostalgic about it .
It 's not perfect but in some ways , I think it 's the best thing I 've ever done .
I do n't know why .
My intent is to dominate the playing field for as long as I can , with my own challenges , with myself .
I do n't drink these days .
I am allergic to alcohol and narcotics .
I break out in handcuffs .
[ his acceptance speech for the American Cinematheque Award ] I asked Mel ( Gibson ) to present this award for me for a reason .
When I couldnt get sober , he told me not to give up hope and encouraged me to find my faith .
It didnt have to be his or anyone elses as long as it was rooted in forgiveness .
And I couldnt get hired , so he cast me in the lead of a movie that was actually developed for him .
He kept a roof over my head and food on the table and most importantly he said if I accepted responsibility for my wrongdoing and embraced that part of my soul that was ugly  hugging the cactus he calls it  he said that if I hugged the cactus long enough , Id become a man .
I did and it worked .
All he asked in return was that someday I help the next guy in some small way .
It s reasonable to assume at the time he didnt imagine the next guy would be him or that someday was tonight .
So anyway on this special occasion and in light of the recent holidays including Columbus Day , I would ask that you join me , unless you are completely without sin in which case you picked the wrong fucking industry , in forgiving my friend his trespasses and offering him the same clean slate you have me , allowing him to continue his great and ongoing contribution to our collective art without shame .
Hes hugged the cactus long enough .
[ his experience working on One Night Stand ( 1997 ) ]
I 'm really struggling with something right now and it was kind of cathartic to play that part in the film because it was someone who 's own proclivities and own sexual promiscuity and own desire to " eat life live fast " was the reason he was n't going to be there for his friend when he might have enjoyed him most
It 's all about not getting your own way and that 's what we try to instill in each other in ourselves with how do you become less encumber so you be in service to this fantastic medium that we get a chance in doing there 's people throughout time who have been notorious and I get to be one of them to say it got in the way would be to say what I was " expressing " did n't have the validity for the suffering I chose to put myself through if it's all for nothing then it's a tragedy then if you put it down and move on its a way to demonstrate that when something occurs there 's really nothing that anybody can do but survive as long as they survive
Salary ( 13 )
Suspended mid-air in supermarkets , faceless youths bring an otherworldliness to everyday consumerism .
French photographer Denis Darzacq ’s collaboration with Parisian dancers reminds us of the freedom that escaping materialism brings , even when we are left to wonder :
Are these figures floating or falling ?
All photographs © Denis Darzacq , all rights reserved .
Images courtesy Laurence Miller Gallery , New York .
* * *
How did you get the idea for Hyper ?
It came from another series I ’d made two years before in 2006 called La Chute ( The Fall ) .
It was just after the riots in France , and all the media was saying that the youth from working - class areas did n’t have any discipline or sense of work , and that instead they were fighting .
And suddenly I found some hip - hop dancers and Capoeira dancers near my house where I live in a working - class area of Paris , and I asked them to jump in the streets and suddenly to freeze the movement , in between flying and falling .
This was my response , my way of talking about the riots in France .
How are we going to take care of the younger generation ?
Are we going to let them fall , or are we going to take care of them ?
And all of them , or most of them , are immigrants .
My idea is to try to find a place , to find a balance in this society .
How can we live in this society where they are n’t very accepted ?
This was La Chute .
Now I decided to develop this idea in the supermarkets .
In my mind , it was this opposition between having and being .
To be and to have .
In society now , we know that it is not the complete solution to have a lot of goods .
There is also a sense of morality — the way to be a man is not only to have things .
And then this tension between having and being , it ’s floating in the air in this materialistic society .
This was interesting for me .
Describe a shoot .
When we do a shoot , we go to the supermarket , but not such a big one — big but not so big .
They asked me to come to the supermarket very early in the morning before opening , around six or seven o’clock in the morning .
And the young person came , and I ’d ask them to make this street - type kind of jump , one very inspired by La Chute , where people are floating in the air .
The second type of attitude was feeling like it was a fight , like a punching ball .
Really to express the violence of this consumerist society to be like an aggression .
And for the third type of image , I asked them to look at the mannerisms in Baroque paintings : really fake movements , but everybody knows that its fake and we like the fact that it ’s fake .
The fake movement is almost more real than these supermarkets .
Making fake movements that do n’t mean anything are suddenly like a freedom , because if it does n’t mean anything then it ’s a liberty movement .
It ’s not for sale , it ’s free .
You do n’t have to pay for that .
It ’s very paradoxical that in this kind of environment when you ’re jumping , it ’s a free movement in a very materialistic world .
It ’s very paradoxical in a way and that ’s what I like in my images .
What is the French attitude toward supermarkets ?
In France we call them hyper - markets .
Hypermarché .
There are no more smaller shops .
All the centers of little towns in France are completely deserted .
You have all these big malls everywhere , for 25 or 30 years now .
It ’s crazy .
It ’s dispiriting .
Nobody goes into the center of town anymore , just having a coffee or having lunch .
Everybody takes a car and goes to the shopping centers .
It ’s the same in the U.S.A. , the same in India , the same in China .
What is life like for the dancers you ’re working with ?
They do n’t have jobs !
They are 22 , 23 years old , and no hope to have a job .
There is huge , huge unemployment in France — something like 10 percent of people are unemployed .
And most of them are immigrants and they do n’t have any jobs .
And when there is something to do , it is very bad pay — I would say , $ 500 a month for doing shit work .
They do n’t really have money and they do n’t know how to survive , how to create a family , how to live , even .
They do n’t know how to live .
Then , it ’s also this opposition of trying to escape this materialistic world , trying to do something with your life when you do n’t have any money .
And they ’re not really dancers !
Mostly they ’re just young .
You can remember well , when you ’re young , body language is your language .
I ’m now more than 40 and my language is photography .
Your language is journalism , interviews , a web site .
But when you ’re 20 , you express yourself with your body .
And suddenly there ’s the fact that if you have a little time with dance , you can make all the jumps you want .
What are you working on now ?
My next series that I ’m shooting this week and next week is going to be almost the same .
You know the upholstery supermarkets ?
There ’s lot of color : red , yellow , brown , gray .
It ’s like a Rothko painting .
I ’m going to ask them to jump in front of this and the way they ’ll jump is less Baroque — not so exterior but more interior , introspective in feeling .
This is the future of the series .
The terrorist attacks of September 11 have revived proposals for a national identity card system as a way to verify the identity of airline passengers and prevent terrorists from entering the country .
For example , the Chairman and CEO of Oracle Corp. , Larry Ellison , recently called for the creation of a national ID system and offered to provide the software for it without charge .
The newest calls for a national ID are only the latest in a long series of proposals that have cropped up repeatedly over the past decade , usually in the context of immigration policy , but also in connection with gun control or health care reform .
But the creation of a national I.D. card remains a misplaced , superficial " quick fix . "
It offers only a false sense of security and will not enhance our security - but will pose serious threats to our civil liberties and civil rights .
A National ID will not keep us safe or free .
Reason # 1 : A national ID card system would not solve the problem that is inspiring it .
A national ID card system will not prevent terrorism .
It would not have thwarted the September 11 hijackers , for example , many of whom reportedly had identification documents on them , and were in the country legally .
Terrorists and criminals will continue to be able to obtain -- by legal and illegal means -- the documents needed to get a government ID , such as birth certificates .
Yes , these new documents will have data like digital fingerprints on them , but that wo n't prove real identity - just that the carrier has obtained what could easily be a fraudulent document .
And their creation would not justify the cost to American taxpayers , which according to the Social Security Administration would be at least $ 4 billion .
It is an impractical and ineffective proposal - a simplistic and naïve attempt to use gee - whiz technology to solve complex social and economic problems .
Reason # 2 : An ID card system will lead to a slippery slope of surveillance and monitoring of citizens .
A national ID card system would not protect us from terrorism , but it would create a system of internal passports that would significantly diminish the freedom and privacy of law - abiding citizens .
Once put in place , it is exceedingly unlikely that such a system would be restricted to its original purpose .
Social Security numbers , for example , were originally intended to be used only to administer the retirement program .
But that limit has been routinely ignored and steadily abandoned over the past 50 years .
A national ID system would threaten the privacy that Americans have always enjoyed and gradually increase the control that government and business wields over everyday citizens .
Reason # 3 : A national ID card system would require creation of a database of all Americans
What happens when an ID card is stolen ?
What proof is used to decide who gets a card ?
A national ID would require a governmental database of every person in the U.S. containing continually updated identifying information .
It would likely contain many errors , any one of which could render someone unemployable and possibly much worse until they get their " " file " " straightened out .
And once that database was created , its use would almost certainly expand .
Law enforcement and other government agencies would soon ask to link into it , while employers , landlords , credit agencies , mortgage brokers , direct mailers , landlords , private investigators , civil litigants , and a long list of other parties would begin seeking access , further eroding the privacy that Americans have always expected in their personal lives .
Reason # 4 : ID cards would function as " internal passports " that monitor citizens ' movements
Americans have long had a visceral aversion to building a society in which the authorities could act like totalitarian sentries and demand " " your papers please ! " "
And that everyday intrusiveness would be conjoined with the full power of modern computer and database technology .
When a police officer or security guard scans your ID card with his pocket bar - code reader , for example , will a permanent record be created of that check , including the time and your location ?
How long before office buildings , doctors ' offices , gas stations , highway tolls , subways and buses incorporate the ID card into their security or payment systems for greater efficiency ?
The end result could be a nation where citizens ' movements inside their own country are monitored and recorded through these " " internal passports . " "
Reason # 5 : ID cards would foster new forms of discrimination and harassment
Rather than eliminating discrimination , as some have claimed , a national identity card would foster new forms of discrimination and harassment of anyone perceived as looking or sounding " foreign .
" That is what happened after Congress passed the Employer Sanctions provision of the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1985 : widespread discrimination against foreign - looking American workers , especially Asians and Hispanics .
A 1990 General Accounting Office study found almost 20 percent of employers engaged in such practices .
A national ID card would have the same effect on a massive scale , as Latinos , Asians , Caribbeans and other minorities became subject to ceaseless status and identity checks from police , banks , merchants and others .
Failure to carry a national I.D. card would likely come to be viewed as a reason for search , detention or arrest of minorities .
The stigma and humiliation of constantly having to prove that they are Americans or legal immigrants would weigh heavily on such groups .
Related Links
Big clitorises are n't allowed in America .
By big , I mean over three - eighths of an inch for newborns , about the size of a pencil eraser .
Tiny penises , under one inch , are n't allowed either .
A big clitoris is considered too capable of becoming alarmingly erect , and a tiny penis not quite capable enough .
Such genitals are confounding to the strictly maintained and comforting social order in America today , which has everyone believing that bodies come in only two ways : perfectly female and perfectly male .
But genitals are surprisingly ambiguous .
One out of every 2,000 babies is born with genitals that do n't elicit the automatic " It 's a girl ! " or " It 's a boy ! "
Many more have genitals that are perceived as " masculinized " or " feminized , " although the child 's sex is not in doubt .
The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends surgically altering these children between the ages of six weeks and 15 months to fashion their bodies into something closer to perfection .
Everyone can then breathe easier , except for the child , who may well spend the rest of her or his life trying to let the breath flow easy and full through the fear and shame created by such devastating surgery .
Just because your body may look " normal " is no guarantee that you will feel that way .
The truth is that the very thing surgery claims to save us from -- a sense of differentness and abnormality -- it quite unequivocally creates .
On a November night in 1958 , I was playing in the bathtub in the cheery , country home of my childhood .
I was six years old .
My mother came in and sat on the edge of the tub , her kind face looking worried .
I glanced up at her , wondering , " Time to get out so soon ? "
She told me that I had to go to the hospital the next day for an operation .
I knew this was about something between my legs .
My chest felt tight and there was a rushing sound in my ears .
I begged not to go .
Please .
But my mother told me only that I must .
Not a word was said about what was going to happen or why .
The next day , it took the surgeon 30 minutes to make a U - shaped incision around my half - inch clitoris , remove it , and put it in a specimen dish to send to the lab .
He then closed the wound and stitched the skin up over the stump .
Take no comfort in the fact that this took place 40 years ago .
Today , most parents and doctors in this country are still unable to see that a child has a right to her or his own sexual body , even if that body is deemed " abnormal " by their standards .
If a parent is uncomfortable , a doctor can be found who will be willing to make irreversible changes in the child 's body , in order to ease that discomfort .
My gynecologist told me about a case in which he had been involved the year before : A woman brought her five - year - old daughter to his office in Minneapolis ; the mother felt that the child 's clitoris was too big .
He examined the girl and assured the mother that her daughter would grow into her clitoris , which was no longer than the end of his little finger .
The mother left .
A few weeks later , he was called into an operating room to help another doctor who had run into trouble during a surgical procedure .
On the table , he found the same little girl he had seen earlier .
She was hemorrhaging from a clitorectomy attempted by the second doctor , from instructions he had read in a medical text .
My physician stopped the bleeding , and managed to keep the girl 's clitoris mostly intact .
It is not new in our culture to remove or alter the clitoris .
Not so long ago , such surgery was commonly practiced to prevent masturbation and " unnatural sexual appetites . "
Although such justifications still lurk in the minds of parents and doctors ( " Wo n't she become a lesbian ? " is a concern of many mothers whose daughters have big clitorises ) , clitorectomies gained new status toward the end of the 1950s , as a " legitimate " way to make a child with atypical genitals feel and appear more normal .
Surgical techniques learned during World War II led to advances in the field of cosmetic genital surgery ; at about the same time , a new medical discipline -- endocrinology , the study of the hormonal system -- was established at Johns Hopkins University Medical School .
A child 's body could now be successfully altered by surgery and hormones to look just about any way you wanted it to look .
And the controversial research into sex and gender roles by Johns Hopkins ' John Money , Ph.D. , led doctors to believe that by changing that body , you could make the child into a " normal " male or female , both physically and psychologically .
Children could be made " right " if they were born " wrong . "
And American medicine , and our society at large , sees " imperfect " genitals as wrong .
That view is challenged by farsighted pediatric urologist Justine Schober , M.D. , of Erie , Penn . : " Why should we say that , because this is a variation , that it is a wrong variation ?
If all their faculties work , their sexual sensitivities work , why should we presume that their body is wrong ? "
But by seeing a child 's body as wrong and by labeling such a child " intersexed , " we turn a simple variation on a theme into a problem that can and should be fixed .
And fixed it usually is , by surgery that sacrifices healthy erotic tissue for cosmetic reasons some five times a day in the U.S .
The rules of the game are still the same as they were 40 years ago : Erase any sign of difference , tidy things up , and do n't say another word .
After I had my clitorectomy , my innocent life became filled with fear and guilt .
The secrecy surrounding my surgery began to undermine my entire sense of identity .
I knew I had had something between my legs cut off , and I could imagine only that it was a penis .
Girls were Barbie - doll smooth , so there was n't anything on a girl to cut off .
Was I really a boy ?
Or perhaps the horrible thing I had somehow known about forever : hermaphrodite ?
The study of my father , a physician , was full of medical books , but I flipped through them quickly , drawn to the pictures of children with their eyes blacked out , knowing there was something we shared , yet terrified to find out what kind of freak I really was .
Then , one night when I was 11 or 12 , I found my parents , as they sat at the dining room table , looking at studio pictures of my sisters and me .
My mother held up my photo and I heard her say the word " boy . "
My gut heaved .
I was a boy .
It was true .
I blurted out , " What was that operation I had ? "
My father turned to me and said , " Do n't be so self - examining . "
I never had the heart to tell this man who loved me so dearly that , by keeping the truth from me that night , by trying to protect me from my own wondering mind and wandering hands , he had sentenced me to a life of almost crippling fear in relation to my sexuality , even to a profound doubt of my right to be alive .
It would be 25 years before I could begin to start asking questions again .
When I finally pressed my dying father as gently as I could for a reason why he and my mother wanted my clitoris removed , he said , " We did n't want you to be mistaken for a hermaphrodite . "
My father was a surgeon .
No doctor had patronizingly spun to him tales of " improperly formed gonads , " or lied to him about my medical condition , or told him I would become a lesbian if I had a big clitoris , or pretended that no other children like me existed .
Just having a child with an abnormal body in Rochester , Minn. , was bad enough for my parents .
But doctors do lie -- to parents and to children , in a gross insult to their intelligence and their right to the truth .
Lying to children is a rule strictly adhered to , and enforced , by all but the most enlightened doctors .
First the surgery steals your body from you , then lies confirm that there is so little respect for you as a human being that you do n't even deserve the truth .
X Marks the . . .
Angela Moreno was a happy child growing up in the late seventies in Peoria , Ill .
She was fairly sexually precocious with herself , and became very familiar with her clitoris : " I loved it , but had no name for it .
I remember being amazed that there was a part of my body that was so intensely pleasurable .
It felt wonderful under my hand .
There was no fantasy , just pleasure -- just me and my body . "
Life in the pleasure garden came to an abrupt end for Angela when , at age 12 , her mother noticed her protruding clitoris while Angela was toweling off after a bath .
After being examined by her family doctor , she was sent to an endocrinologist .
The endocrinologist revealed to her parents that , instead of the two X chromosomes that characterize the female genotype , Angela had an X and a Y .
She was " genetically male . "
She had the external genitalia of a female because the receptors for the " male " hormone testosterone did not function ; that is , her body was unable to respond to the androgenizing or masculinizing hormones it produced .
Her parents were assured that if surgeons removed Angela 's internal testes , and shortened her clitoris , she would be a " very normal little girl , " albeit one born without ovaries or a uterus .
This was lie number one .
Far left : Angela at age twelve .
Left : Angela at 26 , three years after she finally learned the truth about her surgery and her sexuality .
Just because your body may look " normal " is no guarantee that you will feel that way .
The truth is that the very thing surgery claims to save us from -- a sense of differentness and abnormality -- it quite unequivocally creates .
Doctors then told Angela 's parents that if she did n't have surgery she might kill herself when she found out that she was different from other girls .
It had happened to another patient , the physicians said , and it could happen to Angela .
Although such speculation is not a lie , it is also not the whole truth .
In my talks with scores of people with atypical genitals , it is those who have been surgically altered as children and left alone with their trauma who most often become suicidal .
The isolation from others who have experienced what we are going through , the loneliness , is what kills us .
Angela 's parents were justifiably frightened and agreed to the surgery .
Doctors then told Angela 's parents that if she did n't have surgery she might kill herself when she found out that she was different from other girls
The final lie was to Angela herself , with her distraught parents ' complicity .
She was told , at her physicians ' suggestion , that her nonexistent ovaries could become cancerous and that she would have to go into the hospital and have them removed .
In 1985 , at a leading children 's hospital in Chicago , doctors removed the testes from Angela 's abdomen .
The clitoris that had brought her so much joy was not merely shortened , it was all but destroyed .
She woke up and discovered the extent of the deceit : " I put my hand down there and felt something like the crusty top of some horrible casserole , like dried caked blood where my clitoris was .
I wondered why no one told me and I just figured it was the kind of thing decent people do n't talk about . "
Angela became depressed and severely bulimic .
" I blamed my body .
My body had betrayed me .
Made me someone worthy of that kind of treatment .
I just studied and puked . "
She was a straight - A student in high school , but otherwise , her adolescence was a nightmare .
She avoided becoming close to other girls her age , afraid she would be asked questions about the menstrual period she knew she would never have .
The uncomplicated sexuality she had reveled in before the clitorectomy was gone , and she was desolated by the loss of erotic sensation .
In an attempt to find out the truth , she returned to her original endocrinologist , who told her that her gonads had not formed properly , and her clitoris had grown because of an abnormal level of hormones .
She did not tell Angela about her XY status or her testes .
Angela fell deeper into darkness , sensing that she had not been given the whole story .
Finally , at 20 , weakened by chronic and near - lethal bingeing and purging , and suicidal , she checked herself into a psychiatric unit .
After her release , she began seeing a therapist who finally hit on the connection between her bulimia and the control she lost over her body at the time of surgery .
Angela knew she had to find out the mystery of her body in order to get well .
By now she was 23 and could legally obtain her medical records , yet it took a year for her to find the courage to write for them .
When she received them and read the truth about herself , she could begin at last to save her own life .
" Although the doctors had claimed that knowing the truth would make me self - destructive , it was not knowing what had been done to me -- and why -- that made me want to die . "
In my case , I have XX chromosomes , and my outsized clitoris was the only part of my body that was not like that of most other girls .
Do these facts make you want to differentiate me from Angela ?
To say , " Wait a minute .
You were simply a girl born with a big clitoris , but Angela had a real pathological condition . "
But the doctors removed Angela 's clitoris for exactly the same reason they removed mine -- they thought it offensively large .
Her chromosomes and her abdominal testes had no bearing on the decision .
If you rush to see Angela as fundamentally different from me , if you see her as a real intersexual and me as just a normal woman , you do two very damaging things :
You may see it as justified to perform cosmetic surgery on her and not on me because she really is " abnormal , " and you separate us from each other and deny our right to find solace and strength in the sameness of our experience .
The doctor who was kind enough to help me begin to explore my early surgery did just that to me .
I found the Intersex Society of North America on my own several months after my initial visit with him , and told him later how healing it had been to find others who knew intimately what my life had been like .
He had known about ISNA all along , he said , but did n't pass the information on to me because I was not intersexed .
I was a real woman .
He had tried to save me from a pathologizing label , but ended up enforcing my isolation instead .
New and Improved ?
When a baby is born today with genitals that are ambiguous , a team of surgeons , pediatric endocrinologists , and social workers scramble to relieve what is called a " psychosocial emergency . "
Tests are done and orifices explored to determine as nearly as possible the baby 's " true sex . "
Then , in almost all cases , doctors perform surgery to make the child look more like a girl , because , they say , the surgery required is easier to perform than trying to make the child look like a boy .
The form this feminizing surgery most often takes is the dissection and removal of healthy clitoral tissue -- a clitorectomy , also known as " clitoral recession , " " clitoral reduction , " and " clitoroplasty . "
Sensitive , erectile tissue is stripped from the shaft of the clitoris , and the glans is tucked away so expertly that all you see is the cute little love button that is the idealized clitoris .
But the pleasure is almost gone , or gone completely , for the owner of that dainty new clit .
If orgasms are possible , and they are n't for many women subjected to clitoral surgery , the intensity is greatly diminished .
One woman whose clitoris was " recessed " writes : " If orgasms before the recession were a deep purple , now they are a pale , watery pink . "
Doctors maintain that modern surgery retains more clitoral sensation than the older forms of surgery , but they base their assurance on nerve impulses measured by machines -- supposedly accurate and unbiased information -- and not the real experience of thousands and thousands of women in this country .
This is because no long - term post - surgical studies have been done .
I , who had the old - style surgery , have clitoral sensation and orgasmic function , while those subjected to more modern surgeries often have neither .
How much do doctors truly care about a child 's sexual future if they decimate the one organ in the body designed solely for pleasure ?
In 1965 , Annie Green , then three years old , took a car trip with her father from the small town in Idaho where she lived to Spokane , Wash .
She sat in the back seat with her stuffed animal , unaware that she was on her way to the hospital .
The next day doctors removed her inch - long clitoris .
She was never given any explanation of her surgery .
As she got older , her attempts to find pleasure in masturbation failed , and she began to suspect that she was very different from other girls .
Then , during a visit to her sister 's house as a teenager , she found the book Our Bodies , Ourselves : " I studied the female anatomy and read about sex from that book .
That was when I learned I did n't have a clitoris .
I remember looking at the diagram , feeling myself , and reading what a clitoris was over and over .
My God , I could n't figure out why I did n't have one .
I could n't fathom anyone removing it if it was that important .
I was stunned , and I held it all in .
I was only 14 .
I became depressed .
I was disgusted with my body , and I thought there was no hope that I would ever be loved by anyone .
I became a little teenage alcoholic .
I drank heavily every weekend .
I really blew it because I had been a really good athlete and an honor student . "
Clitoral surgery on children is brutal and illogical , and no matter what name you give it , it is a mutilation .
When I use the word mutilation , I can hear doors slamming shut in the minds of doctors all over this country .
John Gearhart , a pediatric urologist at Johns Hopkins , has said , " To compare genital mutilation of young girls in Africa to reconstructive surgery of a young baby is a giant , giant leap of misrepresentation . "
But neither Dr. Gearhart , nor anyone else , has ever bothered to ask those of us subjected to clitoral surgery as children if being taken to the hospital without explanation , having your healthy genitals cut and scarred , then left alone with the results feels like mutilation or " reconstructive surgery . "
Gearhart 's mistake is to judge surgery only by the surgeon 's intent , and not by the effect on the child .
I spoke with a woman recently who is young enough to be my daughter .
With great effort , she told me of her clitoral surgery as a child .
She implored me , " Why do they have to cut so deep , Martha ?
Why do they do that ? "
Of the notable feminist voices raised long and loud in outrage over traditional genital surgeries practiced in parts of Africa , which are now denounced as " female genital mutilation " ( FGM ) , not a single woman has said a word about the equally mutilating practice of surgically destroying the healthy genitals of children in their own country .
Like Gearhart , they shrink when we describe our surgeries as mutilation .
But do they believe that African mothers , any more than American surgeons , cut their children out of malicious intent ?
Could their silence be because they do n't know what is happening in American hospitals ?
It 's possible , but this issue has received media coverage in the past year , and many of them have had the facts explained to them in person or in writing .
I could speculate that these women do n't want to take on a foe as formidable and familiar as the medical profession , and that it is simpler to point fingers at more barbaric countries .
They may not want to dilute their cause with the sticky subjects of sex and gender that surround the issue of ambiguous genitalia .
Or perhaps they do n't want to be aligned with children they can only see as freaks of nature .
Even the liberal - thinking Joycelyn Elders , the former Surgeon General , refers to children who blur gender lines in a less - than - humane way .
When Elders , a professor of pediatric endocrinology who continues to promote " reconstructive " surgery for girls with big clitorises , was asked about the wisdom of genital surgery on such children , she responded with , " Well you just can't have an it ! "
Each woman has her own reasons for turning away from this issue .
But I challenge them to pay attention to the fact that in hospitals just down the street in any big American city , five children a day are losing healthy , erotic parts of their bodies to satisfy a social demand for " normalcy . "
There is no Federal ban to save them .
The surgery is left out of the law against FGM because it is deemed " necessary to the health of the child on whom it is performed . "
But as social psychologist Suzanne Kessler at the State University of New York at Purchase points out , " Genital ambiguity is corrected not because it is threatening to the infant 's life , but because it is threatening to the infant 's culture . "
Doctors and parents believe society will reject a child with atypical genitals , and the child is made to pay with her or his body for this shortcoming of our culture .
What is happening in American hospitals to healthy children is just as mutilating to the bodies -- no matter how exquisite the surgical craftsmanship -- and violating to the souls of these children as FGM .
And frequently , the surgical craftsmanship falls far short of exquisite .
The strict sexual agenda for bodies in America extends to little boys as well .
To grow up to be a real man , a boy will have to be able to do two things -- pee standing up and penetrate a vagina with his penis .
If a little boy has to sit like a girl to urinate because his urethra exits somewhere along the shaft of his penis rather than the tip ( a condition that can occur in as many as 8 out of 1,000 ) , he may be subjected to many disheartening surgeries over the course of his childhood to correct this " defect , " and be left with a lifetime of chronic infections and emotional trauma .
And if the baby is born with a " too - small " penis that doctors decide will never be big enough to " successfully " penetrate a woman , physicians will probably make him into a " girl " through surgery and hormone treatments , because , in the words of one surgeon , " It 's easier to poke a hole than to build a pole . "
In the 40 years since surgical intervention to " correct " genitals that are viewed as abnormal was first prescribed , treatment protocols have rarely been questioned .
After all , it is much more comfortable for doctors to assume all is well than to start digging around to find out if it 's really true .
Until recently , all discussions of what is done to people 's sexual bodies have been hidden safely away in the pages of medical texts , where real lives are only " interesting cases , " and pictures of genitals are disembodied curiosities or teaching tools .
Many doctors would like to keep things that way .
For example .
Dr. Kenneth Glassberg , a pediatric urologist associated with the American Academy of Pediatrics ( AAP ) , insists that people who speak up and tell their stories are doing a disservice by " scaring patients away . "
In a blatant disregard for patient feedback not seen in any other medical field , the AAP still advocates early surgery and insists that the " management " of children with atypical genitals has improved over the past several decades .
Their refusal to consider the reality of the lives of people who have been treated by this protocol can be likened to an astronomer gazing at Mars through his telescope while ignoring the real live Martian tugging at his sleeve .
The messy truth of what happens to children treated with surgery and hormones is simply ignored by the AAP , as they stubbornly cling to a treatment paradigm that has never been anything but experimental .
Cosmetic genital surgery on children is out of control .
As the practice has careened along unexamined for decades , illustrious careers and reputations have been made , consciences have been swallowed , and terrific damage has been done .
For a doctor even to hesitate before operating takes tremendous effort and self - reflection .
The need for babies to have genitals that look typical has been perceived as so unquestionable that surgeons travel all over the world to perform surgery on children free of charge as a " humanitarian gesture . "
Dr. Justine Schober challenges her fellow surgeons to realize that " when you do [ this kind of ] surgery on someone , you are responsible for them for the rest of their lives . "
In less than two hours in a sterile operating room , a child 's personal and sexual destiny can be changed forever .
The stakes are excruciatingly high for the sake of appearances .
Angela 's story , Annie 's story , and my own tell only the smallest fraction of the terrible fallout from these surgeries .
No one is naive enough to say that a life in a body seen as abnormal is a ticket to bliss .
But it is not the bodies of these children that are wrong , it is the way people see them .
And if these children grow up and want to change their bodies one day , that will be their right .
Nobody , but nobody , no matter how loving , no matter how well - intentioned , should have the power to steal precious parts of a body from a child before she or he even gets started in life .
Martha Coventry is currently writing a book about childhood genital surgery in America .
She lives and works in Minneapolis .
Testimonials
“ Refreshing to know that you care about the customer after the sale ”
Allen County Commissioners – Limo , OH
ON MAY 10th European finance ministers meeting in Brussels produced a three - year €750 billion rescue package for the euro zone , designed to convince financial markets that the weaker members of the single currency would not be abandoned .
The scale of the response reflected growing fears among European leaders that financing for the most troubled euro - zone countries might suddenly stop .
Although the package has bought the troubled currency area time , it does not resolve the underlying structural difficulties facing many of its members , particularly the five so - called PIIGS : Portugal , Ireland , Italy , Greece and Spain .
These countries face many of the same economic challenges as well as the ability to cause headaches in Brussels ( and Berlin ) .
The interactive graphic below tells the story ; click on the map for country - specific information and charts .
@@flash_movie@@PIIGS5^@@/flash_movie@@
This is editable text .
Click here to edit the text .
Interested in teaching for HSSP ?
Here 's the fine print .
What is HSSP ?
HSSP is a 6 - to 8 - weekend program held twice each year by ESP , once in the spring and once in the summer .
About 300 - 500 students from 7th through 12th grades visit MIT each weekend to take classes about various subjects .
Students attend the same classes throughout the program .
Summer HSSP 2020 will run for six Saturdays from July 11 to August 15 .
Spring HSSP runs from February to April .
Who can teach for HSSP ?
Most of our classes are taught by small groups of MIT undergraduate or graduate students , although there are often non-MIT - affiliated teachers .
There is no geographic restriction on teachers this year ; teachers can teach from anywhere .
The extended duration of HSSP and the requirements of the MIT Minors Policy make it ideal for classes to be taught by small groups of teachers .
If you are teaching by yourself , please expect your class to require additional time and effort to fulfill the minors policy .
Ultimately , any adult who is able to fulfill our program policies may teach for HSSP .
We do not require any prior teaching experience .
What exactly must we do to teach ?
Come up with ideas for your class ( es ) and register before our deadline .
Make sure that you fulfill the MIT Minors Policy .
Familiarize yourself with our funding and reimbursement policy for class supplies .
Attend an informal teacher interview ( more information below ) .
Look out for our emails with further details !
How will teaching digitally work ?
More information about digital teaching is on our Virtual Teaching FAQs page .
What can we teach ?
Almost anything you want !
STEM .
Humanities .
Arts and music .
Games and puzzles .
Hobbies and crafts .
However , Summer HSSP 2020 will be run online , so subjects should be feasible to teach virtually .
If you 're not sure what to teach , check out either the Summer HSSP 2019 Class Catalog or the Spring HSSP 2020 Class Catalog for ideas .
Also feel free to reach out to summer-hssp@mit.edu if you have questions about what to teach .
Class lengths can be 1 or 1.5 hours per weekend , and class sizes can range from a small workshop to a giant lecture .
Who can we teach to ?
HSSP has students ranging from 7th graders to 12th graders .
You may limit your class to any subset of our grade range at your discretion .
We are often especially short on middle school classes , and we encourage classes that target the lower end of the grade range .
If you 'd like help figuring out how to adjust your class idea to a younger audience , let us know !
How do we obtain class supplies ?
ESP offers generous funding for class supplies .
You are automatically granted $ 50 per class ( for the duration of the program , not per weekend ) .
You can also request additional funds via email ; we 'll gladly accommodate reasonable requests of any amount , but you must ask us first !
Please read our page on class supplies and reimbursements for the full details on our policies .
In particular , note that MIT does not allow us to reimburse tax , so please look over the information on making your purchases tax - exempt .
How does the the teacher interview work ?
All HSSP classes require a brief , informal teacher interview .
After teacher registration closes , we will email you with more information about interview logistics .
The interview is an opportunity for us to get to know your class and help you teach it better !
Please come prepared with a rough syllabus of your class ( e.g. what 's intended to be covered on each weekend ) , as well as any questions or concerns you have for us .
Remember that the interview is meant to be an informal event — we want you to understand what teaching for HSSP is like , and we 're here to help you make your class the best that it can be .
Additional Information
Do n’t know what to teach ?
Check out What Should I Teach ? for suggestions .
You 're also welcome to browse old class catalogs !
Check out either the Summer HSSP 2019 Class Catalog or the Spring HSSP 2020 Class Catalog for ideas .
Also feel free to reach out to summer-hssp@mit.edu if you have questions about what to teach online .
Want more information on how to teach ?
Check out Teaching Advice for some teaching tips .
Feel free to visit Logistics to find out more about how ESP can help you !
Sign me up !
Return to the main page to sign up when registration is open .
If you have further questions about Spring or Summer HSSP , feel free to send us an email at spring-hssp@mit.edu or summer-hssp@mit.edu , respectively .
Nouriel Roubini has risen to fame in the business world for his notoriously pessimistic forecasts for the U.S. and global economy .
NEW YORK ( The Street ) --
Among the financial world are a number of gurus whose reputations and investing prowess have earned them memorable nicknames .
Thanks to his investing savvy and successful managing of
Berkshire Hathaway
's
( BRK.A ) - Get Report
legendary portfolio ,
Warren Buffett is often referred to as the Oracle of Omaha .
For managing the world 's largest mutual fund , the
Pimco Total Return Fund
( PTTRX ) - Get Report
, and heading the bond conglomerate , Pimco ,
Bill Gross is referenced as the " Bond King . "
Jim Rogers has earned a nickname , " the Indiana Jones of Finance , " after circling the world on two different occasions .
Meanwhile , New York University economics professor Nouriel Roubini has earned the title of " Dr. Doom . "
Different from the other market commentators and financial leaders listed above , Roubini has not gained a following through his investing savvy .
Rather , this professor has risen to fame in the business world for his notoriously pessimistic forecasts for the U.S. and global economy .
Expect Second Half Slump , Says Roubini
Born in Istanbul , Roubini spent his early childhood living in both Tehran and Tel Aviv .
Upon graduating from an Italian college he moved to the United States to study for his doctorate in International Economics at Harvard University .
After receiving his degree , he began teaching at Yale University .
In 1995 , he joined NYU 's Stern School of Business where he has remained since .
Throughout his career , Roubini has also worked for the IMF , the Federal Reserve and the World Bank .
Today , Dr. Doom lives in Manhattan and continues to teach at NYU while serving as chairman of Roubini Global Economics .
Founded in 2004 , RGE is a consultancy firm that provides clients with research and analysis pertaining to global macroeconomics .
Additionally , Roubini 's newest book ,
Crisis Economics
was released in early May .
In 2006 , Roubini made waves and earned his moniker when , in front of an audience of economists at the International Monetary Fund , he offered a dire warning .
He predicted that in the near future the United States would witness a credit crunch and face a once - in - a - lifetime housing bust .
Ultimately , this would lead to recession .
At the time , listeners were unconvinced by this professor 's pessimistic outlook .
However , in the following year those opinions changed .
The dominos began to fall just as Roubini had predicted : the housing market went bust , lenders went under and the broad stock market tanked .
The global economy was on the brink of collapse and once dismissed Roubini was now being touted as a prophet .
Nouriel Roubini
Roubini was not the only one who accurately foresaw the events leading up to the most recent global economic meltdown .
The professor , however , has set himself apart from some other crash forecasters with his unwavering persistency even after the Great Recession .
Since the 2006 prediction that put him on the map , Roubini has followed up with more fire and brimstone warnings for the global economy .
Even throughout the market 's staggering recovery in 2009 , Dr. Doom refused to shy away from the bearish stance .
During times of market strength and uncertainty alike , his unfaltering negative outlook for the global economy 's future has earned him plenty of press .
Today he is featured as a popular guest on many top financial news programs as well as a speaker at reputable economic summits .
This week , in light of the current economic crises facing developed and emerging regions of the world , Roubini has again added to the conversation .
This time , Dr. Doom forecast that markets could continue to head lower , tumbling as much as 20 % in the near future thanks to broad global weakness .
In order to protect against this expected downturn , Roubini suggests holding cash and investing in short - term debt issued by the nations freest of debt .
Germany and Canada are among the nations whose debt he would approve of holding .
Nouriel Roubini 's consistently bearish outlook for the U.S. and global economy has earned him both adoring fans and harsh critics .
What are your feelings toward this professor ?
Is he a macroeconomic sage ?
Feel free to leave a comment below .
Don Dion is president and founder of
Dion Money Management
, a fee - based investment advisory firm to affluent individuals , families and nonprofit organizations , where he is responsible for setting investment policy , creating custom portfolios and overseeing the performance of client accounts .
Founded in 1996 and based in Williamstown , Mass. , Dion Money Management manages assets for clients in 49 states and 11 countries .
Dion is a licensed attorney in Massachusetts and Maine and has more than 25 years ' experience working in the financial markets , having founded and run two publicly traded companies before establishing Dion Money Management .
Dion also is publisher of the Fidelity Independent Adviser family of newsletters , which provides to a broad range of investors his commentary on the financial markets , with a specific emphasis on mutual funds and exchange - traded funds .
With more than 100,000 subscribers in the U.S. and 29 other countries , Fidelity Independent Adviser publishes six monthly newsletters and three weekly newsletters .
Its flagship publication , Fidelity Independent Adviser , has been published monthly for 11 years and reaches 40,000 subscribers .
1. The Joneses ( 2010 )
The inspiration for this Inventory , Derrick Borte ’s writing and directing debut blows a brilliant satirical premise : A “ family ” of viral marketers moves into an upscale neighborhood and subtly ( or sometimes not - so - subtly ) pushes products on their new friends , some of whom ca n’t afford them .
More than just a line of products , from frozen hors d’oeuvres to shiny new sports cars , they ’re selling a lifestyle — glamorous , blissful , and completely illusory .
In an era where people do n’t think twice about acting as walking advertising — in fact , people pay for the privilege of owning T - shirts and purses emblazoned with company logos —
The Joneses could have been a cutthroat satire on modern consumerism .
And there ’d be no cause to replace David Duchovny , who ’s right at home as a vacuous new salesman who ’s a natural on the job .
But this premise requires Buñuelian cold - bloodedness all the way through , and Borte chickens out in the end , adding “ heart ” and life lessons to a comedy that should be relentlessly cynical and nasty to the core .
2 - 5 . The Final Destination series ( 2000 - present )
The first four films of the Final Destination series are an increasingly cruddy run of cinematic tripe , combining slasher - film theatrics ( with death itself in the role of Jason / Freddy / Michael ) , Saw - style Rube Goldberg plot mechanics , and lazy , exploitative torture - porn aesthetics .
No big loss , right ?
Well , maybe not .
Unlike any number of latter - day horror franchises , the Final Destination series — in the hands of anyone but the people who actually made all the movies — could be narrowed down into an extremely compelling fright flick with the same ideas , but entirely different emphasis .
The seeds of an intense psychological horror film are already present in the notion of people trying to figure out whether they can cheat their deaths , and in the hands of a real auteur who could focus on the existential terror of people foreseeing their own demises , it could become a fairly profound work of creepy philosophical horror instead of just another third - rate gorefest .
6. Hollywood Ending ( 2002 )
Remaking a Woody Allen movie seems faintly ludicrous , like somebody attempting a revised , updated version of a Lenny Bruce or Richard Pryor routine .
Lately , though , this sui generis talent has let some dynamite comic premises fall painfully flat — mostly , it seems , because he could n’t fit the necessary rewrites into his needlessly hectic , film - per - year schedule .
Nowhere is the vast gulf between idea and execution more evident than in 2002 ’s Hollywood Ending , which found the Woodman as a movie director who suddenly goes psychosomatically blind on the eve of shooting his new picture .
Just as the basic absurdity of a blind filmmaker threatens to turn stale , Woody introduces an inspired foil : production translator Barney Cheng , whose ostensible job is to facilitate communication between the director and his Chinese cinematographer , but who ’s quickly drafted into the far more important position of his boss ’ surrogate eyes .
And then , just as that new twist threatens to get gut - bustingly funny , the film inexplicably gives Cheng — its best character — the permanent boot .
Let ’s try that again , making their partnership the focus .
And without in any way disparaging Cheng , who was terrific for the few scenes he was allotted , may we suggest the ever - brilliant and suddenly more high - profile ( thanks to his recurring role on Lost ) Ken Leung ?
7. The Stuff ( 1985 )
If he were n’t , you know , still alive , this article could be called the Larry Cohen Memorial Inventory , because Cohen has spent decades crafting ingenious , pulpy B - movie premises that were more often than not half - realized .
( See also : Phone Booth , below . )
And with 1985 ’s The Stuff , he came up with a doozy of a satirical hook : a burbling , irresistible , whipped - cream - like substance that consumes its consumers from the inside .
First discovered spilling out from a snow bank like struck oil , “ The Stuff ” becomes an instant sensation on the market , for breakfast , lunch , and dinner .
At its best , The Stuff takes shots at a junk - food nation where everyone thoughtlessly consumes the same things , whether they ’re good for them or not .
And it ’s got one in a series of enjoyably spacey Michael Moriarty performances .
But Cohen never figured out how to make “ The Stuff ” remotely scary — if that should have been his intention at all — and to say he sometimes misses the satirical target is putting it kindly .
The “ Where ’s the beef ? ” lady turns up for a cameo .
8. Alien Nation ( 1988 )
Long before District 9 gave us its apartheid - inspired view of extraterrestrial infestation , Alien Nation opened the door .
Set three years after a race known only as The Newcomers arrived on Earth , Nation shows a Los Angeles struggling to deal with an influx of new , somewhat inexplicable life .
The Newcomers are treated like any other immigrants , given human names and allowed to work alongside other Americans , an arrangement that causes no end of political and social strife .
The world is expertly realized , and Mandy Patinkin does terrific work as Sam Francisco , a Newcomer struggling to make it as a police detective .
But the movie never really comes together , as the central mystery that Patinkin and his human partner James Caan work to unravel is never as engaging as what 's happening on the sidelines .
The Newcomers ’ distinctive look and culture was striking enough to inspire a short - lived television series , and a remake today could delve more into that culture , and downplay the predictable cops - and - drug - dealers angle .
9 -10 . Human Nature ( 2001 ) and Be Kind Rewind ( 2008 )
There ’s no doubt that Michel Gondry is a conceptual genius , as evidenced by a catalog of extraordinarily innovative ( and scrupulously handcrafted ) music videos for the likes of Björk , The White Stripes , Kylie Minogue , and many others .
But sustaining those conceits over feature length has n’t always been easy for Gondry , who ’s been dogged at times by pacing problems and a whimsical streak that gets oppressive by the third act .
Gondry brought the full force of his imagination to bear on Eternal Sunshine Of The Spotless Mind , one of the best films of the ’00s , but Human Nature , his first crack at a Charlie Kaufman screenplay , was n’t nearly as sure - handed .
As usual , Kaufman ’s story presents a world of thematic possibilities , following two scientists in their efforts to “ civilize ” a hirsute wild man with simian roots — a job they accomplish all too well .
The setup has all kinds of promise , but Gondry ca n’t orchestrate the chaos of the final third , when the subject becomes the center of a bizarre love triangle and runs amok in polite society at large .
Gondry has no one but himself to blame for 2008 ’s Be Kind Rewind , which has an ingenious premise that reflects his analog sensibility perfectly , but falls curiously flat in execution .
Still pushing VHS in a DVD world , Jack Black and Mos Def play video - store clerks who stage camcorder recreations of popular titles like Ghostbusters and Rush Hour 2 after all their cassettes get magnetically erased .
The recreations are funny and charming as far as they go , but Gondry gets so hung up in nostalgic mood that the movie slips into lethargy .
Both movies seem a mere rewrite or reedit away from greatness .
11 . Hot Tub Time Machine ( 2010 )
Sometimes a project turns out just good enough that it ’s easy to see how it could ’ve been better .
Hot Tub Time Machine reportedly came together quickly : Josh Heald sold a script with a funny title and a decent premise , and director Steve Pink and his cast did their best to breathe more life into it in the short time they were given .
If they ’d had more time and more ambition , Hot Tub Time Machine could ’ve been another Groundhog Day , showing how messed - up people repeat parts of their lives in an attempt to understand and correct their mistakes .
John Cusack , Rob Corddry , and Craig Robinson are very funny as old high - school friends who return to the ski resort they used to rule as teenagers — and eventually return to their past , via the title object — and the idea of three broken dudes taking a second look at their glory days is a good one .
But Hot Tub Time Machine falls back too easily on gross - out gags , lame ’ 80s - mocking , and worn - out slobs - vs. - snobs routines , rather than really taking the time to establish who the heroes used to be , how they blew it , and what was fun about their high - school years .
If only there was some sort of device that would let the creative team go back and try this movie again .
12 . It ’s All About Love ( 2003 )
Panned at Sundance and scoffed at in utero by no less than Ingmar Bergman , Thomas Vinterberg ’s
It ’s All About Love actually has a lot going for it .
Unfortunately , its merits never cohere onscreen :
The Danish director ’s first film in English employs a sprawling backdrop of futuristic science fiction and eerie magic realism that , while flagrantly violating a couple major tenets of the Dogme 95 manifesto he coauthored , still winds up feeling jumbled and claustrophobic .
In Vinterberg ’s vision of “ the hot summer of 2021 , ” Joaquin Phoenix plays a deadpan everyman swept up in surreal circumstances beyond his comprehension , let alone his control .
Sadly , it ’s easy for the audience to empathize ; as a hushed , soul - crushing apocalypse seems to slowly descend over the world , Phoenix and his estranged wife Claire Danes work out their differences while being menaced by some kind of conspiracy that may or may not involve people dropping dead of heartbreak , and snow falling in July .
Even worse , Vinterberg forces Phoenix and Danes into mannequin - like exchanges as if attempting to make some kind of profound , symbolic statement about free will .
But stripped of Vinterberg ’s dazed focus and iconoclastic straightjacket , It ’s All About Love could be a subtle , aching meditation on mankind ’s future on par with Solaris or Children Of Men .
Not that any sane director would think of touching it .
13 . Semi-Pro ( 2008 )
Many of the best sports comedies have been set in the minor leagues ( or worse ) , where has - beens , never - weres , and terminal headcases compete in crappy venues and side games , trying not to squander the money they ’re barely scraping together .
Think Ron Shelton ’s Bull Durham and White Men Ca n’t Jump , or the profane likes of Slapshot and The Bad News Bears .
A comedy about the American Basketball Association — the ’ 70s league most remembered for its red - white - and - blue balls and spectacular Afros — seems like a natural .
But 2008 ’s Semi-Pro came along at a time when its star , Will Ferrell , was set loose on sports of any stripe , from NASCAR racing ( Talladega Nights ) to figure skating ( Blades Of Glory ) with diminishing returns .
Semi-Pro scores a few inspired laughs from D - league promotional gimmicks ( like an ill - advised bear - wrestling night ) and locker - room shenanigans , but it too often bows to Ferrell ’s improvisational whims , which often have nothing to do with the subject at hand .
It would n’t take much tweaking to turn a history of the ABA into a great comedy — all it needs is a little discipline .
[ pagebreak ]
14 . The Invention Of Lying ( 2009 )
The Invention Of Lying is two - thirds of a great movie .
It begins with an ingenious , original premise — a man invents the concept of fabrication in a world without lying or impulse control , where everyone blurts out the first thing that comes to mind .
It adds a ridiculously loaded cast : Ricky Gervais , who also co-wrote and directed , Louis C.K. , Jonah Hill , Tina Fey , Jason Bateman , and a slew of big - name cameos .
For much of its duration , The Invention Of Lying is an eviscerating , daring , and refreshingly dark religious satire along the lines of The Life Of Brian , after Gervais ’ character invents the notion of God to comfort his dying mom , and is hailed as a prophet for his ability to discern secret truths about the universe .
Yet Gervais and his collaborators pull defeat out of the jaws of victory by giving over the film to a DOA romantic subplot in which he woos Jennifer Garner , a woman who obsesses about the DNA of her potential offspring with a fervor that would embarrass Hitler , and is tactless and obnoxious even by the lenient standards of the film ’s alternate universe .
Her character is ugly enough on the inside to sink a seemingly foolproof would - be comedy classic — and Gervais ’ dogged , weary insistence on pursuing her anyway because she ’s beautiful on the outside torpedoes much of the audience ’s sympathy for him .
15 . Date Night ( 2010 )
Date Night does n’t need a remake so much as a do - over .
Keep Steve Carell and Tina Fey as harried suburban parents worried about the absence of romance in their lives .
Keep the premise of them heading into Manhattan for a fancy dinner and having their evening disrupted by criminals , if only to give Carell and Fey an excuse to interact with lowlife James Franco and secret agent Mark Wahlberg , two of Date Night ’s bright spots .
But rewrite the script with the understanding that this is a comedy first and foremost , not an action film .
The movie needs fewer car chases , gunfights , and crazy twists , and more of Carell and Fey under stress and dealing with their mutual disappointment as a middle - aged couple too tired and complacent for real passion .
Even better : Let Carell and Fey write the damn thing .
Their bright , honest comic sensibility is there in Date Night , but the movie keeps turning away from it to get back to the stupid plot .
16 . Underworld ( 2003 )
Vampires vs. werewolves should be an easy sell .
It satisfies something primal in the nerd brain : fangs vs. claws , sophisticated evil vs. unchecked animal power .
Plus there ’s the endless question of what exactly happens when a vamp infects a lycanthrope , or vice versa .
Given all the different ways it could ’ve succeeded , Len Wiseman ’s Underworld is a disappointment , paying lip service to the concept while managing to miss its appeal entirely .
There are vampire clans and werewolf gangs , and they ’re at war , but the combat is n’t supernaturally enhanced fisticuffs , it ’s all about endless gun-battles in which thousands of bullets and hundreds of pounds of concrete chips are expended , to precious little effect .
A remake could take the main conceit , maybe lighten up the whole “ vampires - as - decadent - goths ” angle and give us werewolves with some actual bite , and make some gold out of a whole lot of really boring straw .
Kate Beckinsale can stick around , but only if they change her job title from “ Death Dealer ” to “ Polite Irritant In Leather Pants . ”
17 . The Brothers Grimm ( 2005 )
Director Terry Gilliam has a readily identifiable style and an unwillingness to compromise his artistic integrity , but no one ever said he was a particularly strong storyteller .
His best films , like Brazil , Time Bandits , and Fear And Loathing In Las Vegas , have a meandering , “ and then this happened ” approach to pace .
They ’re more concerned with building intricate , exhaustive worlds than making sense of what happens within them .
The Brothers Grimm is certainly inventive visually , with stylized forests , bizarre torture devices , and strange magicks .
The narrative , though , is frustratingly flat , taking heroes Matt Damon and Heath Ledger ( both in fine form ) on a torturously circuitous route between a villainous Jonathan Pryce and a wicked queen .
There ’s potential in a story about the two famous fairy - tale tellers becoming entangled with some of the monsters and mysteries of their best - known work .
Stick with the idea , and get somebody in the director ’s chair who can work with the material instead of struggling to force their own stamp on it .
18 . Lady In White ( 1988 )
When a young boy is locked in a school cloakroom overnight , he sees the ghostly re-enactment of a murder , and nearly becomes the killer ’s latest victim .
The boy decides to discover the murderer ’s identity himself , and all sorts of supernatural wonders ensue .
Lady In
White has a good story and a terrific hook , but writer - director Frank LaLoggia is never able to settle on a consistent tone , and he seesaws between eerie occult horror and overblown sentimentality .
The result is a mishmash that never lives up to its potential , wasting a game cast ( including a young Lukas Haas , Katherine Helmond , and Len Cariou ) and some very effective imagery .
Though it originated on the screen , Lady feels like a Stephen King adaptation , with its focus on small - town life and its insistence on painting every nostalgic memory in bright , blinding neon .
A new version could keep the mystery , lose the awkwardness , and find some redemption for a forgotten cinematic mixed bag .
19 . Nurse Betty ( 2000 )
This curious little black comedy is a divisive item in the catalog of director Neil LaBute , already a pretty polarizing figure .
It involves a good - natured Kansas woman ( Renée Zellweger ) trapped in a bad marriage to a sleazeball car dealer ( Aaron Eckhart ) ; when he ’s murdered in a drug deal gone bad , she undergoes a trauma that leads her to believe her favorite soap opera is real .
Pursued by the men who killed her husband , she flees to Hollywood to “ reunite ” with the actor she thinks is her true love .
Some argue that LaBute made his first of many mistakes by working for the first time with a script he did n’t write ; others think that was a good decision , and Nurse Betty was sunk by LaBute ’s uneven direction and failure to understand the material .
Whatever the case , while it gets off to a good start with some truly chilling scenes featuring hit men Chris Rock and Morgan Freeman , its tone goes completely off the rails in the middle half , and the film falls apart in the third act .
Throughout , it ca n’t decide what kind of movie it wants to be : a comic film noir , a well - meaning light drama , or a screwball comedy with dark undertones .
On repeated viewings , it ’s hard to shake the impression that the whole thing would benefit more from focusing on Rock and Freeman rather than on Zellweger , but there ’s definitely the seeds of a great movie in it — just not one directed by Neil LaBute .
20 . Phone Booth ( 2003 )
Writer - director Larry Cohen has a long track record of crafting plots that dare viewers not to watch the films that accompany them , be it the killer babies of It ’s Alive or the winged - serpent - living - in - Manhattan horror of Q. Cohen wrote the Phone Booth screenplay , and though he ’s always been a workmanlike director , he almost certainly would have executed the film more compellingly than Joel Schumacher .
Reviving a notion Cohen once tried to sell to Alfred Hitchcock , the film takes place in and around a single New York phone booth , where a morally dubious theatrical agent ( Colin Farrell ) is confined by a sniper and forced to answer for his transgressions after he answers an incoming call .
Neat idea ?
Definitely .
But Schumacher does n’t have that much faith in it .
He brings in his usual restless - camera histrionics , and lets everyone scream and shout as if fighting a bad phone connection .
21 . Hancock ( 2008 )
Peter Berg ’s superhero movie Hancock is n’t bad , really , but surely any movie that casts Will Smith as a down - and - out , drunk - and - disorderly superman should have been better .
Some early scenes in which PR expert Jason Bateman tries to burnish the image of the surly do - gooder almost make good on the conceit , and even the mid-film twist is kind of neat .
What ’s surprising is how quickly the film becomes — in spite of its premise , stars , unusual plot , and handheld camerawork — just another superhero movie , and not a particularly memorable one at that .
22 . The Happening ( 2008 )
While drowning in the wooden acting , stupid arc , and ridiculous “ villain ” of M. Night Shyamalan ’s The Happening , it ’s easy to forget what a cool premise the movie actually has .
The violent opening scenes — “ Shyamalan ’s first R- rated movie !!! ” trumpeted the ads — are truly scary and even novel : Hordes of people simply start killing themselves , and nobody knows why .
But when you answer that mystery with some nonsense about bees and a bad guy no one can see or fight ( It ’s the wind !
Sort of ! ) , things get silly in a hurry .
Somebody needs to grab the idea of a mysterious illness that causes people to harm themselves , and come up with some sort of anti-zombie movie with a hero that ’s at least somewhat connected to the real world .
In other words , do n’t hire Mark Wahlberg to play an educator .
Morgan Stanley Greece has just been downgraded by Moody's , and the country 's bond spreads are going completely nuts .
Some kind of default or restructuring seems completely inevitable now , despite promises of support .
Thus it 's more important than ever to revisit the various counterparties who will get slammed in a collapse .
Microwaves have gotten a bad rap with some people because they just do n't cook some things as they should be cooked — food blog Savory Sweet Life attempts to squash this misconception with a lesson on cooking potato chips in the microwave .
Advertisement
While nothing compares to homemade , deep - fried potato chips , this is super quick and easy — all you need is a mandoline ( or a vegetable peeler if you do n't have one ) , some non -stick spray , parchment paper , and , of course , a potato .
One batch does n't produce a huge amount , so you might have to do a few if you 're feeling especially peckish — but it does n't take very long .
All you need to do is coat some parchment paper with the non-stick spray and stick some super - thin potato slices on it and nuke for about 5 minutes in the microwave , and Voilà — potato chips to satisfy any carb - hound .
Hit the link for the more detailed recipe .
How To Make Potato Chips In The Microwave [ Savory Sweet Life ]
The security theater of the Transportation Safety Administration just got a brand new prop — I mean , implemented a new security measure — at the Cincinnati / Northern Kentucky International Airport .
CVG rolled out the first batch of its full - body scanners March 31 .
The scanners , which use X - rays to detect hidden objects without physical contact , have come under fire because the image created by the X - rays is that of a nearly naked passenger with a blurred face .
Passengers can decline a body scan , but they will be subject to pat - downs and possibly other searches .
Luckily , when I was recently flying out of CVG , the body scanners were not yet in place , but TSA workers were already implementing procedures for using the scanners , like taking off belts .
Implementing the scanners is just implementing a new hassle on travelers .
They are an invasion of privacy and will likely not make air travel any safer .
All of these security measures — like removing shoes and placing liquids in a quart - size bag — are reactive and someone dead - set on doing harm will find a way around them .
Security is usually two steps behind terrorists .
Not to mention , a pat - down limits where a TSA agent can touch an individual and the scanners cannot see inside of someone .
Body scanners can also create even more issues for transgender people when undergoing airport security :
Whole body imaging scanners produce a three - dimensional image of the passenger ’s nude body , including breasts , genitals , buttocks , prosthetics , binding materials and any objects on the person ’s body , in an attempt to identify contraband .
These scanners may out transgender people to TSA staff and potentially subject transgender people to further screening at the airports .
My personal experience with airport security makes me feel more hassled than safe .
When I was flying over the weekend , I took off my boots to put them through the X - ray machine and stopped to adjust my socks before walking through the metal detector .
A TSA agent asked me what I was putting in my sock and I explained that I was just adjusting it after removing my boots .
The agent let me through , no further questions asked .
While I was happy she did n’t make me go through additional screening , if she really thought I was hiding something in my socks , she should have at least made me take them off .
I have very little faith in the TSA .
The only thing it could secure is an annoying start to my flight .
Hollywood often complains that unauthorized downloads are causing the industry to lose huge sums of money .
The makers of The Hurt Locker discovered that this does n't always have to be the case .
Through an extortion - like scheme , The Hurt Locker is set to make more money from settlements with BitTorrent users than it ever made at the box office .
Two days ago , the makers of The Hurt Locker filed a complaint against the first 5,000 ‘ unidentified ’ BitTorrent users .
Helped by the U.S. Copyright Group ( USCG ) , the film makers are requesting the personal details connected to the IP - addresses that allegedly shared the film on BitTorrent .
With The Hurt Locker ’s Oscar for the Best Picture of 2009 , the case has received a lot of press interest , but it ’s not the first movie for which BitTorrent users were targeted .
Earlier this year , the USCG employed the same tactic for lesser known films .
For one of these , Call of the Wild , Torrent Freak obtained the settlement papers .
With the document , alleged infringers have the option to settle the case for $ 2,500 and avoid further legal action .
Because the case is similar to that of The Hurt Locker , we assume that a similar settlement amount will be proposed .
This allows us to calculate how much money is involved in this case , and the results are quite interesting .
Thomas Dunlap , a lawyer at the USCG , earlier said that in the Hurt Locker case they could pursue tens of thousands of users .
Let ’s be careful with our estimate and assume that some 20,000 BitTorrent users will eventually receive a settlement letter in the mail .
Of these , half will choose to pay the $ 2,500 without complaining , a number that seems to be fair based on the results of similar schemes .
If the above scenario becomes reality , The Hurt Locker would make $ 25 million in settlements alone in the coming months .
This number could of course go much higher , as thousands of people are still downloading the movie every day .
With this $ 25 million the film makers would have collected more money from BitTorrent users than they did from U.S. movie theater visitors .
Despite the recognition from Academy members and the huge success among downloaders , the U.S box office revenue has been relatively low at $ 16.4 million .
The settlement money is not net profit for the makers of Hurt Locker though , as they have to give up 70 % of it to the USCG .
Still , if they want to earn more they can simply continue to track down BitTorrent users and send out a couple of thousand extra settlement offers .
Easy money .
This whole scheme is in no way intended to protect the copyrights of the Hurt Locker producers .
USCG do n’t want to go to court at all , they want to see money , as much as possible without too much trouble .
Lengthy and costly court cases would only get in the way of this goal and could even bust the whole scheme if they lose .
The ultimate goal is to ‘ monetize ’ piracy , this is also how the USCG pitched their scheme to rights holders .
A good example of this ‘ money orientation ’ is the letter that downloaders of the film Far Cry received from the USCG .
Here , the alleged downloaders were offered an initial settlement amount of ‘ just ’ $ 1,500 , but this would go up to $ 2,500 if they would n’t pay up within three weeks .
A classic persuasion tactic , which was followed by a threat that going to court could lead to a fine up to 150,000 .
Yes , it ’s all about extracting as much cash as possible .
We have to say , if they can beat the Box Office revenues of an Oscar winning movie with these threats , they sure delivered as promised .
The mobile SIM card comes with a PUK ( Personal Unblocking Key ) code or PIN ( personal identification number ) .
The main purpose of these codes is to provide a security .
These codes are normally used to prevent your SIM card from unauthorized use , theft or loss .
The PUK is enclosed in a machine - generated security paper .
Make sure to take care in storing this paper as it will be your only copy .
Is the PUK code related to the phone brand or model ?
The PUK code has nothing to do with your mobile phone ’s brand ( i.e. Nokia , Motorola , Samsung , Nextel , Sony - Ericsson , LG ) or model .
The PUK is only tied to the SIM card .
What happens if I lost or forgot my PUK code ?
If you are a postpaid user ( Globe , Smart , Sun Cellular , Verizon , T - Mobile , Orange or AT&T ) , your cell provider may be able to provide you with your PUK code .
Just call them up , authenticate your identity by answering some questions and they will give you the PUK for your SIM card .
This is easy because the telco can verify you as the owner of the SIM card or the mobile number .
If you are a prepaid card user , then it is assumed that only you have the copy of the PUK when you purchased the SIM .
Since most prepaid SIM cards do not require registration , there is no way the telco can verify your identity and ownership of the SIM card .
Is there a software I can use to unlock ?
There has been no known software you cna use to unlock a PUK .
You may go and visit cell shops in VirraMall , Greenhills to ask around but we ’ve not seen or heard of any service doing this .
What should I do ?
The best you can do is write an affidavit of loss for the PUK codes and send a request to your provider .
Bring the two documents to their business center for processing .
How to unblock PUK on SIM for Smart subscribers ?
You need your PUK ( Pin Unblocking Key ) when you accidentally got your PIN1 or PIN2 blocked or forgot your PIN codes .
PUK enables you to unlock your PIN - blocked cellphones and thus , enjoy using Smart services again .
If your PIN code is blocked , just enter your SIMs PUK code to unblock it .
The PUK code can be found in the PIN slip that came with your SIM pack .
For lost PIN slip , you can :
1. Go to Web Connect at www.smart.com.ph/buddy/connect ( for Buddy ) or www.smart.com.ph/talkntext/connect ( for Talk N Text ) .
2. Login to Web Connect using your Smart cellphone number and password .
If you are not a member yet , select : REGISTER and sign up using your Smart cellphone number .
3. Select PUK Release to unblock your SIM .
Advertisement
Gammalsvenskby
Additional photos below Photos : 26 , Displayed : 26
Advertisement
In the middle of the district Kherson Oblast in the south of Ukraine there is a small village with an interesting history .
The village is called Gammalsvenskby .
Gammalsvenskby is today incorporated with three other villages , Schlangendorf , Mühlhausendorf and Klosterdorf , and on maps they are shown under their combined name , Zmiyivka .
Gammalsvenskby is a Swedish name and it means Old Swedes Village or Old Swedish Village .
The story of this village starts in the year 1781 on the Estonian island Hiiumaa , 2000 kilometres away from Gammalsvenskby .
In 1781 Estonia was under Russian rule .
But between the years 1561 until 1721 Estonia was part of Sweden .
The people living on the Estonian islands , Hiiumaa is one of these islands , lived rather isolated so they kept on speaking Swedish in spite that they were Russians .
Here historians disagree on what really happened .
Some say that the people on Hiiumaa asked the empress Catherine II of Russia to free them from a slave - like situation that they suffered under a local landowner .
Others claim that the people were forced into exile against their will .
In August 1781 the people had to pack their belongings , leave Hiiumaa and start to walk downto what today is southern Ukraine .
In May 1782 they arrived in their new home .
Of the about 1000 people who started the march only half arrived in Ukraine .
The rest perished from the ordeal of walking for months through rain , snow and ice .
When the people arrived they were left with nothing to start their new life .
After one year the population had decreased to only about 150 people .
After a few years they had managed to cultivate enough land to feed the population , they had formed a community and they built a church .
They were later joined by settlers from Germany who founded the villages Schlangendorf , Mühlhausendorf and Klosterdorf .
The German villages practically surrounded Gammalsvenskby .
In spite of being a small community of Swedish speaking people surrounded by three villages where they all spoke German in a country where the spoken language is either Russian or Ukrainian the people of Gammalsvenskby kept with their old traditions .
They continued to speak Swedish and they kept their Swedish traditions alive from generation to generation .
" Var svin vid sin ho " ( translates best as " Each pig should stay in his own pigsty " ) was the proverb the grandmother of oneold woman who lives in Gammalsvenskby today used .
What she meant was that the Swedes should marry other Swedes , not Germans or Ukrainians .
They succeeded so well to keep their Swedish heritage alive that still today there are people living in Gammalsvenskby who speak Swedish .
They actually speak two kinds of Swedish .
They speak the standard Swedish spoken in Sweden today but they also speak Old Swedish .
That was the language spoken in Sweden more than 300 years ago .
It is possible for Swedes to understand Old Swedish , it does n't differ very much from modern Swedish , but it takes a bit of training .
When we visited Gammalsvenskby in summer 2009 there were still 9 or 10 people left in the village who could speak Old Swedish .
There are a few more living elsewhere in Ukraine who knows Swedish but rarely get the chance to speak the language since they have nobody to talk to .
The few who are left who speak Old Swedish are all very old .
The youngest being close to 80 and the oldest 85 or 86 years old .
When they are gone , and considering their age they will all be gone within the next 10 or 15 years , there is nobody left in Gammalsvenskby who can speak Old Swedish .
There will be a few who speak modern day Swedish because some of the younger people in Gammalsvenskby learn Swedish in school to keep at least some of the Swedish heritage alive .
But Old Swedish will soon die out as a language .
We went to Gammalsvenskby by taking an early bus from the city Kherson to Berislav and from there a local bus to Gammalsvenskby .
Well we had to say we wanted to go to Zmiyivka , because the village is to the locals known under that name .
On the bus from Berislav to Gammalsvenskby we talked about this and that when an old lady sitting in the bus turned towards us and said , in Swedish , " I hear you come from Sweden .
I guess you are here to visit Gammalsvenskby . "
Her name is Maria Malmas and she is one of the very few Old Swedes left in Gammalsvenskby .
We talked with her for a while and she told us a little about Gammalsvenskby and the people who live there .
Maria Malmas told us that in 1929 the Old Swedes were for a brief period permittedto emigrate from the Soviet Union and move to Sweden .
Almost all of the Old Swedes in Gammalsvenskby took this chance and left .
At that time Sweden was going through a rough period economically and was not prepared to take care of the 900 or so Old Swedes who wanted to immigrate .
So after a year or two many of the Old Swedes were disappointed and started to make plans for a better life elsewhere .
Some moved to other places in Sweden , some moved to Canada or to the USA and some returned back to Ukraine .
Maria Malmas told us that she was born in Stockholm in Sweden .
She was actually born within walking distance from the flat we life in .
Her parents were among those who first immigrated to Sweden and then moved back to Ukraine .
A decision she thought was stupid and a big mistake .
She told us one other interesting story .
In 1975 there were in Sweden plans for a reunion of Old Swedes from all over the World .
They invited all the Old Swedes they could get in touch with including the ones who lived in Gammalsvenskby in Ukraine .
Maria Malmas and a fewothers went all the way to the Swedish embassy in Moscow to apply for visas to Sweden so they could visit this reunion .
When they arrived in the Swedish embassy the staff was totally baffled .
They had no idea that there was a Swedish community down in Ukraine .
I hope the staff at the embassy at least had the decency of being embarrassed for such lack of knowledge .
Soviet Union was a closed country back in the 70 - ies but the existence of Gammalsvenskby is something that the Swedish representatives in Soviet should have been known about .
We left the bus in the middle of Gammalsvenskby near the local food store .
Maria told us a little about what there was to see in the village .
Before she left she told us of one more thing .
This day at lunchtime the Old Swedes were expecting visitors .
A tour group from Sweden was scheduled to make a stop in the village at 12 o'clock and most of the Old Swedes would be there to greet the them .
The reception would be at the village church and of course we too were welcome to be there when they arrived .
That sounded like agreat opportunity for us to meet some more Old Swedes so we promised to come by the church later that day .
After Maria left us by the store we had a look around in the village by ourselves .
On our little improvised sightseeing we first came to Klosterdorf , one of the German villages .
Gammalsvenskby is a small village and you do n't have to walk far until you cross the border to the neighbouring villages .
We turned around and walked back into Gammalsvenskby again because we knew of a few places in Gammalsvenskby we wanted to see .
After some looking we came to the village church .
We walked in and had a look at the church .
Next to the church there are two memorials / monuments set up .
One is a stone saying that it was raised there to the memory offollowed by the names of 18 people .
These people were probably close friends and relatives to the Old Swedes who are still living in the village today .
One of the names on the stone read Petter Simonsson Malmas .
Likely a close relative to MariaMalmas , whom we talked to on the bus .
Another name on the stone was Simon Simonsson Sigalet .
We would later that day have the honour to talk to a woman named Anna Sigalet .
Most likely Anna and Simon were close relatives .
The other monument tells the story of the village from 1781 in Estonia to the 1930 - ies when some of the Old Swedes who were n't happy in Sweden moved back to Gammalsvenskby .
The text on the stone reads as follows : and their descendents was known as Old Swedes .
They kept their traditions and religion .
The wooden church from 1787 was in 1885 replaced with a stone church .
This was in 1991 restored from ruin to its present state .
For nearly 150 years worked and lived these Old Swedes in the village until they , by their own request , were moved home to Sweden where roughly 900 Old Swedes arrived on August 1 1929 .
About 250 of these decided for various reasons to return to Gammalsvenskby in the years 1930 and 1931 .
Today there are in and around the village about 200 people who have Swedish ancestors .
The society Old Swedes in Sweden erected this monument in 1998 , 216 years after the first villagers arrived here .
After we had seen the church and the monuments we left and walked down to the other end of the village .
When we arrived on the bus in the morning we noticed that there was a cemetery there that we wanted to see .
In the cemetery we noticed that most of the more recent graves had Ukrainian names on them .
We had to look for a while until we founda few stones with names that are typical for the Old Swedes , such as Utas and Annas .
This tells us that the Swedes in this village have for many years been outnumbered by Ukrainians .
We could also see that there were older graves in one end of the cemetery that were overgrown and not tended at all .
Some of the graves were also just mounds with no grave marker at all .
Ake noticed that there had been a fire at some time in recent years and he guesses that many of the grave markers might have been made of wood and that they simply burnt to ash in the fire .
After we left the cemetery we met an old lady on the road .
She started talking to us in Ukrainian and we replied that we did n't understand what she said because we do n't speak Ukrainian .
Then she smiled and said , in Swedish , " then I guess you are Swedes " .
Her name is Anna Sigalet and she is also an Old Swede .
She was on her way to the church to greet the tour group they expected to the village later on .
Since we were also going to the church tosee the tour group arrive we walked together all three of us up the road back to the village centre .
On the way Anna told us a little bit about what happened to the Old Swedes during and after World War II .
When the German troops came in the 1940 - ies the Old Swedes were forced to leave their village .
They were taken out of Ukraine and brought to German occupied territory in Poland .
In the end of the war that part of Poland was liberated by American troops .
But in the Yalta Conference ( see previous blog entry ) it was decided that Poland would be under Soviet command so the Americans were replaced by Russians .
The Russians told the Old Swedes that they would arrange for a train to take them back to Ukraine .
But the train never reached Ukraine .
Instead the Old Swedes were taken to labour camps in Siberia .
They were sentenced to 10 years of forced labour , probably for collaborating with the Germans or something , together with a lot of Germans .
After a few months in Siberia a guard noticed that the group he was guarding did not consist of only Germans .
He asked around and realisedthat among the German prisoners there was a group of Swedes , the Old Swedes .
The Old Swedes were n't supposed to have been sent to Siberia in the first place .
Probably the Old Swedes were confused with Germans .
Appeals were sent to Moscow and the Old Swedes were allowed to leave and move back to Ukraine after only one and a half year in Siberia .
Anna Sigalet also told us something else .
A few years ago one of the Old Swedes applied at the Swedish embassy in Kiev for permission to immigrate to Sweden to live with relatives there .
The application was denied so this woman still lives in Ukraine .
The Old Swedes see themselves as Swedes .
If must feel strange to them to find out that the Swedish authorities see them as Ukrainians .
We are not taking sides here saying that the decision of the embassy is wrong or anything .
We only wish to point out that it must be a strange feeling for a person , who her entire life thought of herself as being Swedish , to find out she is not .
We followed Anna Sigalet to the church .
When we arrived there we met some of theother Old Swedes who live in Gammalsvenskby , Maria Malmas included .
We sat down and kept on talking to Anna and Maria while we waited for the tour group .
When the bus with the tourists arrived Anna told us to come along and greet the visitors .
So when the tour left their bus we were standing in the " welcoming committee " .
That was an odd feeling .
It somehow felt like we were on the wrong side .
Maybe we had unknowingly been dubbed honorary Old Swedes for the day ?
We stood in the back and happily watched the show take place there in front of the church .
When the tour group left the bus and started to shake hands with the Old Swedes it really was more of a show or theatre than a real welcome .
I think we had a more honest welcome , less of a rehearsed theatre , when we arrived in Gammalsvenskby .
After a short welcoming ceremony the tour group , the Old Swedes and us all walked into the church .
There the priest held the introductions and explained a little about the history of Gammalsvenskby , all translated from Ukrainian into Swedish by Maria Malmas .
After the speech the Old Swedesgathered in front of the church and sang two songs , hymns I think they both were , and then the Old Swedes and the tour group went to have lunch together .
We could not join them for lunch because we had to leave for the bus back to Berislav and on to Kherson .
That was story of how we met some genuine Old Swedes in Ukraine .
Something that soon will not be possible to do .
Hallelujah and about time too , Britain .
Make that Great Britain .
For what makes Britain great ?
You use your words , that 's what .
Right now , Canada sucks , and all because we have a hung Parliament and no one 's done anything about it for years .
We are ruled by Stephen Harper , a hard - right hick with a grudge who after serial elections cannot get a clear mandate from the voters .
When you have a hung Parliament , you try to form coalitions .
We have formed none .
We remain hanging , like a dry - aged haunch of venison out back of the garage .
Our MPs hurl figurative faeces at each other in the House of Commons and then go to monkey sleep under their minute Parliamentary desks , dreaming of democracy .
I do n't know if " use your words " is a common phrase in your country .
Here , Canadian toddlers are regularly told this , a tactful New Age parent way of saying " Stop hitting your little friend , you tiny nasty animal .
Negotiate .
Share your toys .
Find a way . "
This is what Cameron and Clegg and the tragic Brown are doing as you read this , exchanging blizzards of eloquent Eton / Westminster School / Kirkcaldy High School–taught words in order to make a nation - saving deal .
Negotiation , blasts of words , a strategic ellipsis , then emollient phrases followed by the steely bits on reform of first - past - the - post and a hint of bending on immigration and , I would hope , no cuts to the BBC .
It 's real talk .
Oh , there 's nothing better than a hung parliament to give things a kick - start .
I notice that faux - commiserating Americans get stuck on the word " hung " which to them either means death by hanging or , and I 'm sorry to report this , a guy with a frontload of taint , with an inbuilt asset , if you get my drift and it 's just as well if you do n't .
Also , Americans can't do the math .
They are a simple people with a matching approach to life – win or lose – which is why they 're now saying , " Hey , your political system is as screwed as ours . "
I loved your TV debates , Great Britain .
The BBC won on set design and then lost on election night with some kind of barge full of people like Joan Collins and Andrew Neil , and to my shrieking horror , was that Armando Iannucci smiling gently and taking notes ?
Excellent campaigning .
If only our hateful pseudo - human prime minister would meet a nice granny in Kamloops and hurt her feelings .
Actually , Harper would knee her in the groin and block her hip replacement , he 's that personal in his hates .
Canada has a Conservative minority government right now that does have a core belief .
It 's that Canadians deserve a good stomping , all of them .
Conservatives can't stand people , particularly if they 're female , or second - generation Canadian , or educated , or principled , or not from Alberta , which is the home of the hard - right belly - bulging middle - aged Tory male .
Watch them at the G8 , ostensibly fighting for women 's health internationally while blocking abortions for raped Congolese .
Harper can not get a real majority .
If the centre - right Liberals and the centre - left New Democrats would form a coalition , Harper would be toast and we'd get started on what we need : national day care , TGV trains , an economic strategy , a green strategy , oh a strategy for anything , a plan is all we seek .
Instead we hang .
How typical of Brown to say this will drag on , while Cameron says it must be quick .
Brits want change , they want action , especially as the EU rots at the economic edges .
Nothing will give them this faster than a coalition government – ideally a Lib Dem - Conservative one of ostensibly opposed interests – watching itself like a red - tailed hawk .
Fun fact : Right now Canada 's choosing a national bird .
Some nominate the chilly blue jay .
Some put forward the aforementioned elusive hawk .
My husband 's a birder .
" There , over there !
By the cloud .
It 's flying over you right now .
It just shit on your head .
Are you blind ? "
Me , I nominate the common sparrow .
It 's brownish and mouse - like , a worthy bird that will never have the nerve to form a coalition with a more glamorous creature , a crazy salad hawk with a duller meat for company .
Truly , I am down on my hung Canada right now .
But you , Britain at your greatest , you have a chance to fashion a government humming with energy and freshness , like a warm egg .
Lay it now .
Army doctor faces court - martial for refusing orders pending proof of Obama ’s eligibility
By Linda Bentley | April 14 , 2010
WASHINGTON – LTC Terrance “ Terry ” Lakin , the highly decorated chief of primary care and flight surgeon for the Pentagon ’s DiLorenzo TRICARE Health Clinic , and lead flight surgeon charged with caring for Army Chief of Staff General Casey ’s pilots and air crew , risked arrest and court - martial by refusing a direct order from his medical brigade commander for deployment to Afghanistan .
On April 8 , Lakin ’s explanation was posted on American Thinker.com , which describes itself as “ a daily internet publication devoted to the thoughtful exploration of issues of importance to Americans .
” Lakin stated , “ Last week , I entered Walter Reed Army Hospital to notify the Department of Defense ( DoD ) that I would refuse to obey any orders from my commanding officers – including President Obama – until the president produces his original birth certificate .
After nearly 18 years of wearing the military uniform of the country I have proudly served .
" Military officers take an oath to support and defend the U.S. Constitution against all enemies , foreign and domestic .
Lakin stated , “ Upholding the law is an essential part of our role as citizens ; in the military , we are the ultimate protectors of that law .
The Constitution is our social compact , which safeguards all of us and ensures the ‘ equal rights ’ that we are entitled to as American citizens .
” In a video recording posted on SafeguardOurConstitution.org , Lakin stated he feels he has “ no choice but the distasteful one of inviting my own court - martial .
” Lakin says his deployment orders for a second tour of Afghanistan included a requirement to bring copies of his birth certificate .
However , since the fall of 2008 , Lakin says he ’s been troubled by reports that the president ’s original birth certificate , along with other documents , that would “ quickly end questions surrounding his place of birth and ‘ natural born ’ status , ” remain concealed from public view .
For over a year , Lakin has attempted through his chain of command to obtain answers to questions surrounding the president ’s eligibility , only to be told he has no standing to make such an inquiry , while no one at the DoD could answer the question .
Lakin concluded the burden of proof rests with the White House and with Obama himself , stating “… these records are his , and he has chosen to conceal them at considerable legal expense .
” Lakin found it remarkable that there is no enforcement mechanism in place for the Constitution ’s Article II , Section I requirement that the president be a “ natural born citizen , ” leaving voters to rely on “ an honor system and a free press to vet candidates … ” In a March 30 , 2010 letter to Obama , Lakin wrote , “ Please assure the American people that you are indeed constitutionally eligible to serve as Commander in Chief and thereby may lawfully direct service members into harm ’s way .
I will be proud to deploy to Afghanistan to further serve my country and fellow soldiers , but I shall only do so with the knowledge that this important provision of our Constitution is respected and obeyed .
“ Unless this is established ( by this sufficient proof that should be easily within your power to provide ) that you are constitutionally eligible to serve as President and my Commander in Chief , I , and all other military officers may be following illegal orders .
Therefore , sir , until an original birth certificate is brought forward that validates your eligibility and puts to rest the other reasonable questions surrounding your unproven eligibility , I cannot in good conscience obey ANY military orders .
” Lakin said , “ There is no legitimate privacy right to information necessary to prove that President Obama is legally eligible to serve as Commander in Chief .
” On March 31 , the Army issued an “ event - oriented ” developmental counseling report regarding Lakin ’s intentions to refuse to follow deployment orders .
Under “ Key Points of Discussion , ” The Army counselor wrote , “ This counseling is to inform you that your deployment orders are presumed to be valid and lawful orders issued by competent military authority …
Failure to follow your reassignment and / or deployment orders may result in adverse action including court martial .
” He also stated if Lakin is found guilty at court - martial , he could be “ sentenced to dismissal from the service , which is akin to a dishonorable discharge ; forfeiture of all pay and allowances ; and confinement for a period of months or years in military prison .
” In conclusion , he encouraged Lakin to “ seek advice from an attorney with the U.S. Army Trial Defense Service before embarking on a course of conduct which you may quickly regret .
” The American Patriot Foundation ( APF ) , a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) nonprofit national foundation founded in 2003 for the primary purpose of educating and advocating the importance of patriotism , is seeking tax - deductible donations for Lakin ’s legal defense fund .
Few military officers appear willing to risk their careers to uphold their oaths and the few that do have been labeled “ Birthers .
” However , on page 31 of the March 25 Hansard ( transcript ) of the Kenyan parliamentary session , during debate over a draft constitution , Lands Minister James Orengo stated , “ Those who fear devolution are living in the past .
They are being guided by their ethnic consideration and objectives …
If America was living in a situation where they feared ethnicity and did not see itself as a multiparty state or nation , how could a young man born here in Kenya , who is not even a native American , become the President of America ?
It is because they did away with exclusion … ” That would answer why Obama has spent upwards of $ 1.7 million to prevent his records from being released and the truth revealed .
On April 12 , Lakin met with Col. Gordon R. Roberts , his brigade commander , who read Lakin his Miranda rights because he would soon be charged with serious crimes , specifically , missing movement and conduct unbecoming an officer .
Lakin ’s Pentagon Access
Pass has since been revoked and his laptop computer was seized .
Due to the seriousness of the impending charges against Lakin , APF renewed its plea for donations to his legal defense fund .
Details are available at www.SafeguardOurConstitution.org
OK the rainy conditions made second half photos a bit hard to take but here are a few offerings from the match :
Andy plays the role of ninja to try and prevent TFC's pass
the collision that left Olave :
Out for a few seconds
More pictures after the jump :
Not only would Jamison come back to tap this goal in he was a monster all night long on defense , you can knock him down but he will get up again .
After having his goal disallowed and being given a yellow card , Saborio was quick to point out the transgressions of others .
and we played like it
Collen Warner had Toronto scratching their heads most of the night .
It seems like the boys from Toronto did a lot of talking
the final score says it all .
Well as always there are more pictures available on my ning site : myrslsoapboxphotos.ning.com
OFF MY SOAPBOX
DETROIT — Events leading up to the shooting death of a 7 - year - old girl at the hands of a Detroit officer may have been videotaped by a crime - reality series camera crew that was with police as they searched a family home for a homicide suspect .
What 's on the video could reveal if Aiyana Jones was fatally shot by an officer whose gun mistakenly discharged inside the house , as police say , or if claims by a lawyer for Aiyana 's family of a “ coverup ” are true .
Police have said officers threw a flash grenade through the first - floor window of the two - family home early Sunday and that an officer 's gun discharged during a struggle or after a collision with the girl 's grandmother .
The crew for the A&E series The First 48 was with police during the weekend raid .
Aiyana 's family filed state and federal lawsuits Tuesday against the department , claiming police knew there were children in the home but conducted the raid with guns drawn anyway .
Geoffrey Fieger , the attorney for the family , said police had no legitimate reason to throw a flash grenade into the home .
He said police , who were looking for a murder suspect whom they later found in the apartment upstairs , had the home under surveillance for hours .
Fieger said the other children were ages 3 months , 2 and 4 years .
Aiyana 's cousin , Mark Robinson , said Tuesday he was walking the family 's dogs when police grabbed him and threw him to the ground .
“ I told them , ‘ There are children in the house .
There are children in the house , ' ” Robinson told reporters .
The federal lawsuit claims police violated Aiyana 's constitutional rights and seeks an unspecified cash award of more than $ 75,000 .
A lawsuit filed in state court seeks damages of more than $ 25,000 .
The amounts the family is seeking in both suits are likely much higher .
Fieger said he viewed three or four minutes of video footage of the raid , and that it shows an officer firing into the home from the porch after the flash grenade was tossed through the window .
The footage shows a group of black - hooded officers approaching the house before the flash grenade was thrown through the window and the shot being fired , he said .
“ We know there 's only one shot .
It 's vividly depicted in the videotape ... right after the throw and the explosion of the bomb .
At that point the officers rush into the home , ” said Fieger .
Fieger , who represented assisted suicide advocate Jack Kevorkian , would n't say what video he viewed , adding he did n't keep a copy .
The First 48
A&E spokesman Dan Silberman spokesman declined to comment about the case and denied AP 's request to view the footage .
Michigan State Police are investigating the raid .
As protests to Arizona 's new illegal - immigration law continued Thursday - spurred on by the attendance of music stars Shakira and Linda Ronstadt - the first three lawsuits challenging the law 's constitutionality were filed in federal court .
Other groups promised their legal challenges would not be far behind .
More threats of boycotts were issued from across the country , while a new poll suggested that just over half of Americans support the law that makes it a state crime to be in the country illegally and requires local police to enforce federal immigration laws .
The Legislature on Thursday also sent changes to the law to the governor .
The Washington , D.C. - based National Coalition of Latino Clergy and Christian Leaders filed a suit in U.S. District Court in downtown Phoenix on Thursday claiming the law is illegal because it usurps federal authority in immigration enforcement and may lead to racial profiling .
Coalition board Chairman Miguel Rivera said his group represents more than 300 churches in Arizona and 30,000 churches in 34 states nationwide .
Arizona Rep. Ben Miranda , D - Phoenix , an attorney , is working with the group on the lawsuit .
" ( The group ) felt it was urgent for this to be filed immediately because of the economic factors and the human factors , " Miranda said .
He said they responded to the law quickly to calm community fears and assure the law never goes into effect .
Two police officers , one from Phoenix and one from Tucson , each filed their own federal lawsuits .
The suit on behalf of Tucson Officer Martin Escobar alleges the new immigration law violates constitutional rights and could hinder police investigations in Hispanic - prevalent areas .
The lawsuit also claims it violates federal law because Tucson police and the city have no authority to perform immigration duties .
The lawsuit filed on behalf of Phoenix Officer David Salgado alleges the new immigration law violates his 14th Amendment rights of equal protection under the law .
According to the suit , Salgado routinely interacts with individuals who " speak little or no English , and do not have any form of state or federal identification . "
Salgado believes the new immigration law puts him between a " rock and a hard place , " said his attorney , Stephen Montoya .
" If officers enforce the act , they 'll be sued .
If they do n't enforce the act , they 'll be sued , " Montoya said .
Also on Thursday , the American Civil Liberties Union of Arizona , the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund and the National Immigration Law Center confirmed their plans to file a joint lawsuit .
Dolores Huerta , sister - in - law of labor activist Cesar Chavez , and musician and Tucson native Linda Ronstadt support the groups ' effort .
" This policy of hatred versus Latinos and immigrants cannot continue , " Huerta said .
Ronstadt said the new law will undermine the community 's trust in law enforcement .
" We do n't have to take this lying down , " she said .
" The Mexican - American community is not going to take this lying down . "
Legal representation
Officials with Attorney General Terry Goddard 's office said Goddard , the state 's chief lawyer , likely would not defend the state in any lawsuits related to the law .
Goddard , who has previously spoken out against the immigration law , has not yet formally bowed out because his office has yet to see the lawsuits .
" ( Goddard ) will likely not be involved in the litigation because of his position in opposition to the bill , " said Deputy Attorney General Greg Stanton .
Stanton said the office will provide lawyers to represent the state , although Paul Senseman , spokesman for Gov. Jan Brewer , said Brewer is empowered to select someone if she does n't like the office 's appointment .
However , the Attorney General 's Office will likely challenge any effort to usurp its authority , Stanton said
County opinions
Interim Maricopa County Attorney Rick Romley vowed to uphold the law , but he plans to have his staff do an analysis to make sure that all parts of it can pass constitutional muster .
He worried , for example , about provisions enabling law enforcement to hold people indefinitely pending confirmation of immigration status .
State and federal law set clear limits on the time a person can be held without filing charges .
" We have rules that if you do n't charge a person within a certain period of time , they 're out , " he said .
His deputy Jim Keppel , who resigned from the Superior Court bench to assist Romley , added his concern over civil lawsuits that could be filed against police officers who fail to attempt to determine the status of illegal immigrants .
" What other kind of crime do we put that kind of potential civil liability on a police officer if he or she does n't arrest somebody under certain circumstances , if you do n't arrest somebody ? "
Keppel asked .
" You 've got murders , aggravated assaults , sex crimes where there 's no civil liability for a police officer who does n't arrest somebody . "
Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio urged people to temper their reactions to the law until they see how it 's enforced .
Police officers and law enforcement " wo n't go around racial profiling and grabbing people because of the color of their skin , " he said .
" Let 's not judge everybody right now before the law has been enforced . "
Law changes
The Legislature on Thursday approved several changes to the immigration law .
They now go to the governor for consideration .
If Brewer supports them , they would go into effect along with the new law July 29 , barring any legal stays .
The law requires officers making " lawful contact " with an individual to make a reasonable attempt " when practicable " to determine the immigration status of the individual if they have reasonable suspicion that the individual is in the U.S. illegally .
Officers do not have to do so " if the determination may hinder or obstruct an investigation . "
In an effort to address concerns over how crime victims or witnesses would be treated , the phrase " lawful contact " would be changed to " lawful stop , detention or arrest . "
The word " solely " would be eliminated from the sentence " A law enforcement official or agency . . . may not solely consider race , color or national origin . . . " in establishing reasonable suspicion that someone is in the country illegally .
Pearce said the intent is to clarify that " this bill prohibits racial profiling in any form . "
Bill opponents had argued the word " solely " allowed officers to base their reasonable suspicion on race and color as long as it was n't just one of them .
Rep. Kyrsten Sinema , D - Phoenix , said those two changes help clarify the bill and lighten its impact somewhat .
But she called a third change " frightening . "
That change clarifies that a police officer responding to city - ordinance violations also would be required to determine the immigration status of an individual they have reasonable suspicion of being in the country illegally .
Ordinance violations vary by municipality , but could include things like loud parties , barking dogs or too many renters , Sinema said .
Senseman said Sinema is mischaracterizing the changes .
He said the amendments do not make the bill harsher , but clarify the original intent of the legislation .
" We totally disagree that this is new or an expansion , " Senseman said .
" What we were always talking about and always have been talking about are things like discharging firearms , alcoholic beverages in the park or speeding in a school zone . "
Senseman said that is possible that " in extreme incidents " there could be a situation where police are called out on an ordinance violation and in the course of investigation question immigration status .
But , he said , those situations are " rare " and " still represent legal violations . "
The Governor 's Office believes the new language , combined with the original wording of the bill , gives the law " maximum ability to withstand legal scrutiny . "
" There have been a number of distortions about what this law encapsulates , " Senseman said .
" This language only boosts the legal defense . "
Public sentiment
A new Gallup poll indicates that more than three - quarters of Americans have some familiarity with Arizona 's tough new immigration law , and of those , just over half support it .
The survey , released Thursday , indicates that 51 percent of Americans , who had heard of Senate Bill 1070 , favor it .
Thirty - nine percent of respondents oppose it , according to the survey .
Support appears to be strongest among Republicans , according to the poll .
About 75 percent of GOP - affiliated respondents who had " heard or read a great deal , a fair amount or not much " about the bill indicated that they approved of SB1070 , compared to half of the independents polled and 34 percent of Democrats surveyed .
The Gallup survey , conducted by telephone on Tuesday and Wednesday , polled 1,013 adults nationwide .
It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4.5 percentage points , with a 95 percent confidence level .
Star power
Latin pop star Shakira visited Arizona on Thursday to speak out against the new law .
" I'm in opposition to this law because it is a violation of human and civil rights , " Shakira said .
" It goes against all human dignity , against the principles of most Americans I know . "
Shakira met privately with Phoenix Mayor Phil Gordon , Vice Mayor Michael Nowakowski , Police Chief Jack Harris and other city officials to raise concerns about the law .
She argued that Hispanic immigrants have generated economic growth for decades in this country .
" Immigrants forged this country , " she said .
" They came to this country wanting to work hard .
They work long hours . "
Gordon said he had created a fund called Arizonans for Common Sense to raise private money for a lawsuit he intends to bring on behalf of the city to block the law from taking effect .
Shakira said she would support Gordon in his legal efforts .
Shakira later visited the CPLC Carl Hayden Youth Community Center in Phoenix .
Victor Gonzalez of El Mirage was one of the people invited to meet and speak to her .
He predicted the new law would be overturned by the courts .
" It 's not going to happen , " he said .
" I 'm sure the guys who wrote the Constitution would be laughing if they were here today . "
Reporters Michael Kiefer , Casey Newton , JJ Hensley , Lily Leung and Glen Creno contributed to this article .
The OpenCL Tutorials :
In iTunes , you can subscribe to the podcasts by going to :
Advanced ->
Subscribe to podcast
URL : http://feeds.feedburner.com/opencl
Episode 1 – Introduction to OpenCL
Episode 2 – OpenCL Fundamentals
Episode 3 – Building an OpenCL Project
Episode 4 – Memory Layout and Access
Episode 5 – Episode Four Questions and Answers
Episode 6 – Shared Memory Kernel Optimization
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The government in Kyrgyzstan is struggling to retain power as deadly clashes escalate between police and thousands of protesters .
Officials say at least 40 people died in the capital , Bishkek , as protesters stormed government and TV offices .
The protesters are angry at rising prices and accuse President Kurmanbek Bakiyev of failing to curb corruption .
A key opposition leader has said the government has now resigned but there is no official confirmation .
The leader , Temir Sariyev , said Prime Minister Daniyar Usenov had agreed to tender the government 's resignation and that Mr Bakiyev had left Bishkek .
AT THE SCENE Rayhan Demytrie , BBC News , Bishkek
We 've been to the square where the demonstrations were taking place - the situation is very chaotic .
There are thousands of people there , mainly young men , and lots of them have arrived from different parts of Kyrgyzstan .
They are very angry and it was very noisy , the police were firing stun grenades and also live rounds .
We saw people who had been shot - one man walked past me , he had been shot in the hand .
We seemed to be the only camera there - and the protesters wanted us to see the people who had been killed .
We saw at least one dead man .
All this has angered the protesters even further - they say they wo n't go anywhere and were shouting " the president must go " .
Mr Sariyev said a new " people 's government " had been formed , headed by a former foreign minister , Roza Otunbayeva .
The Agence France - Presse news agency quoted an airport employee as saying that Mr Bakiyev had flown out of Bishkek aboard a small plane .
A senior opposition figure , Galina Skripkina , told Reuters news agency the president had flown to the southern city of Osh .
However , the Russian RIA news agency quoted a government source as saying the president was still in the city .
The US state department , meanwhile , said it believed the Kyrgyz government " remains in power " .
The opposition has taken control of at least one television channel .
Another opposition leader , Omurbek Tekebayev , said in a broadcast that at least 100 demonstrators had been killed in the clashes .
A Kyrgyz human rights activist , Asel Kuttubayeva , said on the channel that several regional administrations had been seized and their governors had resigned .
None of the claims on the broadcasts can be independently confirmed .
The health ministry said 40 people had died and more than 400 were injured in the clashes .
One doctor in Bishkek , Akylbek Yeukebayev , told Reuters there were " dozens of dead bodies , all with gunshot wounds " .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service Kyrgyzstan , a strategically important Central Asian state , houses a key US military base that supplies forces in Afghanistan .
Russia also has a base there .
The US embassy in Bishkek and Russia have both expressed concern and called for restraint .
Mr Putin denied Moscow had played any role in the clashes .
" Neither Russia , nor your humble servant , nor Russian officials have any links whatsoever to these events , " the RIA news agency quoted him as saying .
A spokesman for Ban Ki-moon said the UN secretary general was " shocked by the reported deaths and injuries that have occurred today in Kyrgyzstan .
He urgently appeals for dialogue and calm to avoid further bloodshed " .
Bloodstains
The unrest broke out in the provincial town of Talas on Tuesday and spread to Bishkek and another town , Naryn , on Wednesday .
All three were put under curfew .
KYRGYZSTAN FACTS
One of the poorest of the former Soviet states Hosts both US and Russian military air bases Population mostly Kyrgyz but 15 % are Uzbek and a significant number of Russians live in the north and around the capital Kurmanbek Bakiyev has been president since the Tulip Revolution of 2005 , which overthrew the government of Askar Akayev Mr Bakiyev vowed to restore stability but has been accused of failing to tackle corruption Opponents also complain he has installed relatives in key government posts Domestic media have come under increasing pressure from the government in recent months
In pictures : Kyrgyzstan crisis Kyrgyz crisis : Eyewitness accounts Country profile : Kyrgyzstan Kyrgyzstan : Superpower hub Interior Minister Moldomusa Kongatiyev , who was believed to have gone to Talas to calm the situation , was reportedly severely beaten .
Some reports said he had been killed by the mob , others that he was taken hostage , but there is no confirmation of his fate .
In Bishkek , protesters attempted to storm the president 's office but were held back by security forces , who reportedly fired live rounds into the crowd .
Earlier , police had used tear gas and stun grenades to try to break up crowds outside an opposition headquarters but the protesters overcame the police and marched to the presidential offices in the city centre .
Police cars were overturned and set alight and officers attacked by the crowd , some of whom were armed .
Gunfire could be heard crackling through the centre of Bishkek and photographs from the city showed bloodstains on the pavement .
The prosecutor 's office was also set alight .
Mr Sariyev had been arrested after arriving on a flight from Moscow on Wednesday and a number of other opposition leaders were also detained .
Protesters freed Mr Sariyev on Wednesday and there are unconfirmed reports that up to 10 leaders have now been released .
Mr Bakiyev came to power amid a wave of street protests in 2005 known as the Tulip Revolution , but many of his allies have deserted him claiming intimidation and corruption .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Deepwater Horizon oil disaster , which killed 11 workers and created a huge oil spill , has led to President Barack Obama announcing measures to restrict drilling in deep water .
As well as major changes to the Minerals Management Service which regulates the oil industry , Mr Obama announced changes to what offshore exploration would be allowed .
Image caption
The oil disaster raises questions about how drilling should be regulated
Why is this so important ?
The Gulf of Mexico spill has painfully highlighted how hard it is deal with major problems that take place so far beneath the surface of the sea .
In shallow waters , divers can attend to equipment on the seabed .
In the case of the current spill , everything must be done by remote - operated vehicle .
The sheer depth of the site where the Deepwater Horizon was digging has contributed to the scale of one of the US 's worst environmental disasters .
What is deep - water offshore drilling ?
Not all offshore drilling is deep - water .
The new measures classify anything beyond 500 ft as deep water .
Previously , the authorities in the US classified anything under 1,000 ft as shallow water , anything over 1,000 ft but under 5,000 ft as deep water and anything over 5,000 ft as ultra - deep water .
How is it being restricted ?
There are four main moves being indicated by President Obama .
Firstly , there is a six - month moratorium on new deep - water drilling permits for oil and gas .
The current exploratory drilling on 33 wells in the Gulf of Mexico will be suspended .
Planned drilling in two locations off Alaska will also be suspended .
A pending lease sale for the Gulf of Mexico and a planned one for Virginia will be cancelled .
In the case of the 33 suspended wells , drilling will not stop immediately .
The crews will be able to continue until they are at a safe point in the drilling to suspend .
There will be tighter inspection and certification of blowout preventers - the device that should have stopped the Gulf of Mexico spill .
Rig workers will be subject to improved safety and training programmes .
So will production be affected ?
Not production that is already under way .
The 591 oil and gas production wells in deep water and the 4,515 in shallow water will carry on producing .
But production that was forecast will be affected , with a possible impact on prices .
What has Obama 's position been on deep - water drilling been ?
It was only at the tail end of March that President Obama announced an expansion in what drilling would be allowed in deep - water areas .
Then he said : " My administration will consider potential new areas for development in the mid and south Atlantic and the Gulf of Mexico . "
At the time there was opposition from environmentalists on the basis that deep - water drilling could lead to ecological disasters .
Now , President Obama says : " I continue to believe what I said at that time .
Domestic oil production is an important part of our overall energy mix .
" Where I was wrong was in my belief that the oil companies had their act together when it came to worst case scenarios . "
How much oil is in deep water ?
As a percentage of both the US 's oil production and reserves , it is a lot .
According to the US Energy Information Administration , deep - water and ultra - deep water drilling , just in the Gulf of Mexico , accounts for 23.5 % of US oil production .
Of all the US reserves of oil , in 2008 , 14.9 % were in deep - water and ultra - deep water areas of the Gulf of Mexico .
Both of these percentages are based on the 1000ft definition of deep water .
What are the wider implications ?
For the supporters of increased oil production in the US or off its coasts , there is a simple argument - the more oil the US produces domestically , the less it has to buy from other countries .
They would argue that the US would be freer to take tough action against Middle Eastern producer nations or those closer to home , like Venezuela , if it was not " dependent " on their oil .
But Mr Obama , and others , have emphasised that a switch to renewables can also achieve the goal of reducing foreign oil consumption .
And as well as affecting where the US gets its oil and how much is paid , there will also be implications for jobs in states on the Gulf of Mexico .
A new girl moves to a new city with her family to start a new life .
She meets up with the girls who are very interested in the occult and together , the four of them have a seemingly unstopable power .
They can do anything , from getting thier dream guys to like them to ... the possibilities are limitless .
Written by Lisa Buckley < buckley@idirect.com >
Portrait of Distant Planets
This image shows the light from three planets orbiting a star 120 light - years away .
The planets ' star , called HR8799 , is located at the spot marked with an " X . "
This picture was taken using a small , 1.5 - meter ( 4.9 - foot ) portion of the Palomar Observatory 's Hale Telescope , north of San Diego , Calif .
This is the first time a picture of planets beyond our solar system has been captured using a telescope with a modest - sized mirror -- previous images were taken using larger telescopes .
The three planets , called HR8799b , c and d , are thought to be gas giants like Jupiter , but more massive .
They orbit their host star at roughly 24 , 38 and 68 times the distance between our Earth and sun , respectively ( Jupiter resides at about 5 times the Earth - sun distance ) .
Image credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / Palomar Observatory
Autistic boy charged with terrorism for a drawing
The details are still sketchy , but an autistic 14 year old Georgia boy is facing terror charges and a tribunal for a drawing that he made .
The sketch is a stick figure drawing that shows himself shooting one of his teachers .
I am not going to defend this boy for the picture that he drew , he obviously has mental problem on top of his autism , but charging this boy– who has the mental capacity of a 3rd grader– with terrorism in front of a tribunal seems to be going just a little bit too far to me .
This boy has no idea what he did wrong– that is a problem in itself and the boy needs help , but let ’s get real here .
This boy may have problems , and action must be taken to ensure that he never acts upon what he drew , and he probably needs therapy , Does that make him a terrorist who should be subjected to a tribunal ?
I do find it telling however that this boy will face a tribunal while terrorists who are being held at GITMO are going to get full legal rights under the United States constitution and will not be faced with the prospects of a military tribunal .
It make you wonder what the hell is going on in our government .
An earthquake has killed at least 589 people in China 's Qinghai province , and others are trapped under rubble , officials say .
The magnitude 6.9 quake struck at 0749 ( 2349 GMT ) , 380 km ( 240 miles ) south - south - east of the city of Golmud , at a depth of 10 km , according to US Geological Survey data .
Damian Grammaticas reports .
Athletes had one simple message after chaotic debate
Athletes had one simple message after chaotic debate
You neglected to put milk in your cheerios .
maybe you can soak it in warm water
why is this
Still have questions ?
Get your answers by asking now .
ON THE TOWN : Young Kiwi women have an average of 20 sexual partners .
Dating culture is dead - instead , young New Zealand women are regularly getting drunk and cruising around in packs looking for men to have sex with .
That 's one of the findings of a TVNZ Sunday investigation into the sexual behaviour of New Zealand women .
The programme makers did the story after Kiwi women last year topped the Durex Sexual Wellbeing Global Survey as the world 's most promiscuous .
They are reported to have an average of 20 sexual partners , double that of their Australian and British counterparts and almost three times the global average of seven .
TVNZ Sunday correspondent Janet McIntyre said there was anecdotal evidence from the five women on the show that the Durex survey findings were valid .
" There 's a new kind of mating ritual sex is the point of entry into the relationship . "
If the first - up sex was n't any good women were n't prepared to waste their time progressing the relationship .
" There 's no dating culture any more . "
In candid interviews about their sexual experiences some of the women who are all in their twenties felt empowered by having sex and wanted to celebrate and enjoy it .
McIntyre said all the women who had experienced one - night stands had been affected by alcohol , a term described by at least one expert in a report as " getting pissed and hooking up " .
Men are also feeling the impact from the new sexual tactics being employed by women .
The Sunday Star - Times ' Being a Bloke survey last year found that 29 % of the 5000 men surveyed felt they had been pressured into having sex or had had sex unwillingly .
The Anoa'i Family , originating from American Samoa and Independent Samoa , is a legendary family of professional wrestlers .
Family members
The founders of the family , Elder Reverend Amituana 'i Anoa'i and his wife Tovaleomanaia Leoso Ripley , had Seven sons , Tumua , Anoa'i ( Jr. ) , Arthur ( Afa ) , Leati ( Sika ) , Tusipa , Peteroni , Fasito'o ; and Four daughters , Sina , Elevera , Nita ( Initalia ) , Matalima .
Tumua is the father of Reno Anoa 'i ( known as Black Pearl and Count of California ) married to Tiffany Smith - Anoa 'i ; also Tumua is the grandfather of Reno Anoa'i III , finalist of American Idol 2014 Season .
Anoa'i , Jr. is the father of the late Rodney Anoa 'i , known best under his WWF moniker Yokozuna .
Afa and Sika became wrestlers , forming the tag team the Wild Samoans .
Afa 's
Three sons are all wrestlers — Samuel ( best known as The Great Samu ) , Afa Jr. ( best known as Manu ) , Lloyd ( best known as L.A. Smooth ) and .
His daughter Monica Anoa'i is the widow of wrestler Gary Albright .
Samuel Anoa'i is the father of Lance Anoa'i ( known as Samoan Storm )
Sika 's older son Matt Anoa'i is wrestling under the name Ro'Z and Matt E. Smalls , while his younger son Joe Anoa 'i ( best known as Roman Reigns ) played football for Georgia Tech and was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Minnesota Vikings .
Elevera married Solofa Fatu and gave birth to four sons , three who would become wrestlers : Solofa Fatu Jr. ( as Fatu and Rikishi and Junior Fatu ) Samuel Fatu ( known as Tama and Tonga Kid ) , and Smith Edward ( Eki ) Fatu ( known as Jamal and Umaga ) .
Solofa Fatu Jr. is the father of Jonathan & Joshua Fatu ( best known as Jimmy & Jey Uso ) ; Samuel Fatu is the father of Jacob Fatu ( known as Samoan Werewolf ) .
Afa and Sika 's father considered Peter Maivia his " blood brother " , a connection that continued to Afa and Sika , who regard Peter as their uncle .
Peter Maivia and his wife Lia Maivia had a daughter , Ata Maivia , married wrestler Rocky Johnson .
The couple became the parents of Dwayne Johnson , better known as The Rock .
Peter Maivia 's youngest son Toa is in training to wrestle .
Maivia 's oldest son Peter Fanene Jr. is in the real estate business .
Hollywood stuntman Tanoai Reed ( aka Toa on the new American Gladiators ) is the great nephew of wrestling promoter Lia Maivia ( Peter Maivia 's wife )
Boxer David Tua , actor Solo Siaopo are also related to the Anoa 'i family .
Linked to the family by marriage but not actually a blood relative is wrestler " Superfly " Jimmy Snuka .
Snuka 's son Jimmy Snuka Jr. now wrestles for Raw as Deuce , and his daughter Taimane also wrestles as ( WWE Diva ) .
In an Article in Pro Wrestling Illustrated Samoa Joe claims to share a distant ancestor with the Anoa'i Family , but well before Reverend Amituana 'i Anoa'i , so he is not a member of the family .
Skeptics of the World , Unite !
Please , stop the madness .
It ’s time to wake up , to take a stand against the lies of the elites .
Do n’t you see ?
The devastating earthquake in Haiti .
The volcanic eruption in Iceland .
America ’s imperialist designs on Iran .
There ’s a pattern .
It ’s all connected .
You see , it turns out that the U.S. military has been experimenting for years on this thing called HAARP , a mysterious installation in the wilds of Alaska .
They say they ’re just conducting experiments on the ionosphere as a way of improving satellite communications .
Sounds reasonable , right ?
But there ’s something they ’re not telling you .
Luckily a few brave souls like U.S. talk radio guru Alex Jones and Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez are prepared to blow the lid off this thing .
It turns out , they tell us , that HAARP is actually a “ tectonic weapon ” — a system developed by Pentagon planners to cause earthquakes on cue .
According to Chávez , the Haiti earthquake was just a “ drill , ” a not - so - dry run for a planned geophysical attack on Iran .
( Apparently , in a nice twist , even Sarah Palin ’s in on the whole thing .
The original HAARP site is in Alaska , after all , and she used to be governor there . )
Yes , I ’m being sarcastic .
I do n’t believe a word of it .
As a matter of fact , I cling to the unfashionable belief that earthquakes and volcanic eruptions cannot be summoned at will and generally do n’t follow anyone ’s political agenda .
Let me go even farther .
I do not believe that Barack Obama is a secret Muslim , engaged in a covert effort to weaken America ’s national defenses against terrorism .
Nor do I believe the 9/11 attacks were part of George W. Bush ’s nefarious master plan to take over the Middle East .
To quite a few people in today ’s world , that makes me nothing less than a sap .
One recent poll , for example , showed that 41 percent of the members of America ’s Republican Party ( and 23 percent of the population at large ) believe that Obama is prepared “ to use an economic collapse or terrorist attack as an excuse to take dictatorial powers . ”
Some well - informed readers might wonder why I should be spending so much time on such obvious silliness .
After all , are n’t Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert already doing a perfectly good job of ridiculing wingnuts on Comedy Central ?
Sure .
But that ’s not enough .
It ’s my contention that we need to take conspiracy theories seriously ( which is not at all the same thing as “ at face value ” ) .
Over and over again , history has shown that people ’s willingness to believe in make - believe plots can get them into big trouble .
In March , for example , FBI agents arrested members of a Michigan - based Christian militia group that was allegedly planning to kill police officers — whom they regarded as the tools of a U.S. government in league with the forces of the Antichrist ( identified in one position paper as former NATO secretary - general Javier Solana ) .
Such theories may look comical to those on the outside , but we dismiss them at our peril .
I ’ve found an ally of sorts in a new book by British author ( and London Times columnist ) David Aaronovitch .
His new book is called Voodoo Histories : The Role of the Conspiracy Theory in Shaping Modern History .
Aaronovitch sets out to analyze some of the most powerful conspiracy theories that have grafted themselves onto political thought in the West over the past century or so .
He ’s especially good when it comes to describing the tenacious hold such thinking has on so many minds .
The appeal , he says , is rooted in the “ superior narrative ” that conspiracy theories offer to their initiates .
We ca n’t help but suspect that somewhere , somehow , there ’s a privileged inside story that answers all those lingering questions no one has ever answered to our satisfaction .
Figuring out the “ code ” that offers access to this hidden knowledge makes us feel heroic and strong — and perhaps even a bit superior to the deluded masses , the “ sheeple , ” who ca n’t summon up the courage to challenge the official version of events .
One might add that this desire to be on the “ inside ” also feeds our lust for gossip , a big factor driving today ’s frenzied celebrity culture .
( Sometimes the two impulses merge : Just take the death of Marilyn Monroe . )
There ’s another lure as well .
In conspiracy theories , catastrophes do n’t occur because government officials screw up ; volcanoes do n’t erupt simply because of plate geology .
“ The one thing conspiracy theories have in common is that they banish the idea of accident and contingency , ” says Aaronovitch .
“ Everything that happens , happens because someone ’s decided it should . ”
Consider World War I . Among its myriad causes were burgeoning jingoism , pre-war arms races , economic competition , and the inherent instability of Europe ’s rivalrous monarchies in an age of rapid modernization .
Yet these explanations were n’t terribly satisfying to the traumatized and starving populations that emerged at the end of the war .
Surely they had n’t brought this upon themselves ?
Much more tempting were theories that attributed all the war ’s ills to specific groups — the scheming Jews ( for right - wingers ) , or the imperialist plutocrats ( for Marxists ) .
So , you might object , what ’s new ?
Surely , in light of this history , no one can claim that there ’s anything unusual about our own era .
Voodoo Histories disagrees : “ We in the West are currently going through a period of fashionable conspiracism . ”
Something seems to be different these days — whether it be the dogged zealotry of America ’s “ birthers ” or the shocking ubiquity of revisionist views on 9/11 .
( A 2007 Zogby poll found that nearly one - third of Americans surveyed believed that the U.S. government either allowed the attacks to happen or actively participated in them . )
Walking through a bookstore , Aaronovitch notes how works of scholarly history are jumbled together with some of the more outlandish conspiracy tracts .
( As he puts it , “ Little distinction is made between a painstakingly constructed biography of John F. Kennedy and an expensive new tome arguing — forty - three years after the event — that the president was killed by the Mafia . ” )
Standards have slipped , he contends — in some cases aided by the very same new media we had hoped would empower the forces of reason and democracy .
Note the example of a Guardian journalist named Mark Honigsbaum , who covered the July 7 terrorist attacks in London back in 2005 .
In the first minutes after the blasts , Honigsbaum phoned in a report to his editors citing witnesses who claimed that the explosions had “ raised up ” the floor of their train car — which is n’t what would have happened if the attackers had exploded bombs they had carried onto the train in their baggage .
As he continued his reporting , though , Honigsbaum soon realized that most witnesses had seen the explosions inside their cars , and that his initial reporting was “ flawed . ”
( Most journalists — not to mention policemen or soldiers — who have reported under similar conditions can probably attest to similar experiences . )
Yet Honigsbaum ’s initial report had already taken on a “ life of its own , ” as he told Aaronovitch , and would be endlessly replicated in countless conspiracy theories that presumed to take issue with the “ official version ” of an act perpetrated by young terrorists toting bombs in their backpacks .
I might add that , in his zeal to deflate the conspiracy poseurs , there ’s a key point that Aaronovitch has unduly neglected : Conspiracy theories can be fun .
Just witness the success of J.J. Abrams , who , in hit TV shows like Lost and Fringe , has transformed conspiracy kitsch into seductively raucous entertainment .
( To his credit , Aaronovitch does note that the more elaborate variations on the Templar - Holy Grail - Da Vinci Code theme are capable of inspiring the same puzzle - solving passions familiar to Sudoku fans — and have ended up creating a vastly profitable sub - branch of the international publishing industry as a result . )
The argument that awe - inspiring bureaucracies like the CIA often turn out to be comically inept just ca n’t compete .
And do n’t even try pointing out that randomness and caprice probably shape world affairs more powerfully than any politicians .
There is , of course , a more substantive response to be made to Voodoo Histories .
Governments do sometimes lie , and the “ official theories ” often turn out to be wrong .
So where do we draw the line between healthy critical oversight and corrosive conspiracism ?
That ’s a false choice , Aaronovitch argues : “ If we say to ourselves that the government is always lying , that ’s actually anti-skeptic .
That ’s a series of a priori judgments .
The problem with most conspiracy theories is that they are a mixture of faith - based cynicism and exceptional credulity when it comes to the theories themselves .
They do n’t judge the theories by the same standards by which they ask you to judge the official version . ”
He recalls that Mohammed al - Fayed , who accused the British government of causing the Paris car crash that killed Princess Diana and his own son Dodi back in 1997 , vowed to prove his case in court — but resoundingly failed to produce any convincing evidence in the inquest that ensued .
Similarly , you can inspect a copy of Obama ’s birth certificate on the Web , but that does n’t seem to have deterred “ birthers ” from insisting that a credible document has n’t been produced .
Aaronovitch sees some hope in the rise of a new culture of fact - based skepticism — from fact - checking websites to high - profile anti-conspiracists like the Canadian - American James Randi to a growing British movement that calls itself “ Skeptics in the Pub . ”
( It ’s basically a drink - fueled debating society with a strong anti-conspiracy bent . )
And he concedes that his book does n’t quite tell the whole story .
“ I could have written a completely different book about the rest of the world , ” he notes wryly .
Countries like Russia , Pakistan , or Iran are rife with conspiratorial mindsets — not least because they have often been on the receiving end of complex intrigues by colonial powers or their own scheming leaders .
Understanding that , though , is n’t the same as excusing it .
“ Believing in conspiracy theories is believing that things happen in a way they absolutely do n’t , ” he says .
“ It ’s delusional — and if a larger number of people are delusional then that becomes a problem . ”
He ’s right about that .
What ’s harder to figure out is how to cut those delusions down to size .
Tougher libel laws , as some have suggested , sound like just the sort of thing calculated to reinforce the general paranoia .
Surely the right path is to go on pushing for the truth — verifiable , transparent , fact - based truth .
Let ’s just hope that someone ’s still willing to listen .
Image : John Moore / Getty Images
Have you been hearing about all this custom ROM business - Cyanogen , DamageControl , etc and wondering what in the world all those are about ?
Or perhaps you already know what those are but are still afraid of trying custom ROMs on your phone because you do n't know how to install them or do n't want to lose your data and current OS state ?
Well , today is your lucky day because in this article from the " I wish somebody showed me how to do this crap when I was getting started " series , I will show you how to
easily install a custom ROM but only after you
a custom ROM but only after you back up your current system and exact phone state so that you can
your current system and exact phone state so that you can restore to that exact state with a click of a button
What do you have to lose now ?
Try out a new ROM and go back to your original OS in a matter of 30 minutes .
Sounds like a good deal ?
Then let 's go .
Note :
By the way , having written this tutorial , I know it may seem like there is a lot to do here , scaring you away , but in reality there really is n't - I was simply trying to provide as much detail and be as clear as possible , covering all the bases .
I am using an Sprint HTC Hero ( CDMA ) in this tutorial and in fact this is exactly I am using anin this tutorial and in fact this is exactly how I got Android 2.1 on it using the DamageControl ROM , weeks before it was released by Sprint ( in fact , it 's not even released yet at the time of this writing ) .
The specific phone used is not important and I listed it just for reference - ROM Manager should work with pretty much every Android phone .
Custom ROMs
At first I started an explanation of custom ROMs here , but it quickly outgrew itself and demanded to be in a separate post .
Who am I to argue with the creative genius ?
Proceed to read the Custom ROMs For Android Explained And Why You Want
Them article and then come back here - I 'll be waiting .
By the way , if you are wondering , you will most likely have to wipe when upgrading to a custom ROM ( of course , we 'll do a full backup first ) but once you 've installed it , any regular updates are usually applied right over the current version and do n't require any wipes .
By the way , if you are wondering , you will most likely have to wipe when upgrading to a custom ROM ( of course , we 'll do a full backup first ) but once you 've installed it , any regular updates are usually applied right over the current version and do n't require any wipes .
Remember , all your Google contacts sit in the cloud and will be sync'ed right back as soon as you boot the new ROM and log into Google .
The Steps
Here are the steps , at a glance .
Look the list over and move on to the more detailed explanation of each bullet point .
Root Your Phone Install ROM Manager App Back Up Download The ROM You Want To Try Flash It Want To Go Back ?
Restore It
1. Root Your Phone
The first thing you need to do is root your phone .
Do n't be afraid - we already covered this in the Rooting Explained +
Top 5 Benefits Of Rooting Your Phone article a few weeks ago , so go ahead and read that first - I 'll wait .
Rooting is usually a 5 minute process , and many guides around the web explain what that process is for your exact phone model and Android version combinations , just Google " YOUR_PHONE_MODEL root " .
Now that you have root , let 's proceed to the next step .
2. Install ROM Manager App
This is the easiest step .
Go to the Android Market on your phone and install ROM Manager .
This excellent application handles backing up and restoring , as well as flashing new ROMs , all from an easy user interface .
This application requires root , which is why we 've first gone with step 1 .
Got the app installed ?
You should see something like this :
3. Back Up
This part is very easy and in fact I dedicated a whole tutorial just to this subject which you can read if you want more details about the backing up and restoring process .
Done reading the backup tutorial ?
Now check this out : you do n't even have to perform a manual backup - ROM Manager will automatically ask if you want to back up or not in step 5 , when you are flashing the new ROM .
This is what it will look like :
3.1 . Flash A Recovery Image
If you read the backup / restore article above , you may have seen that there is a one - time step that was needed before ROM Manager , or any other manager , can install ROMs , back up , restore , or do anything with Nandroid Backup - and that is flashing a recovery image .
Important : unplug the USB cable during this step , as some users are reporting problems flashing recovery while plugged in ( thanks DennGir and others ) . : unplug the USB cable during this step , as some users are reporting problems flashing recovery while plugged in ( thanks DennGir and others ) .
This recovery image contains a boot loader which replaces your original boot loader .
The boot loader gives you the ability to run Nandroid backup and restore commands outside of the OS .
It also lets you install ROMs but we will not do that today .
Since the OS cannot back itself up fully while running , ROM Manager will reboot into this boot loader to perform Nandroid operations .
Again , remember : this step needs to be done one time only .
4. Download The ROM You Want To Try And Copy It To Your Phone 's SD Card
Here is where you need to do a bit of research and find the ROM image you want to put on your phone .
If you do n't know exactly what you 're looking for , again , Google can help you - just search for " YOUR_PHONE_MODEL ROM " and look around .
For instance , if you have a Nexus One , you may want to go with CyanogenMod and if you have a Sprint HTC Hero ( CDMA ) , you will want to check out DamageControl .
If you bought ROM Manager Premium , which I recommend , you would have a " Download ROM " menu enabled right within the app , containing some of the most popular ROMs , so you do n't have to look for them online or spend time downloading them on your computer and copying to the phone .
If you bought ROM Manager Premium , which I recommend , you would have a " Download ROM " menu enabled right within the app , containing some of the most popular ROMs , so you do n't have to look for them online or spend time downloading them on your computer and copying to the phone .
If you choose not to use ROM Manager Premium or if the ROM you want is not included in the default list , then keep reading this section .
Each ROM you find will be based on a specific Android version - make sure to pay attention to that .
DamageControl ROM For The HTC Hero
In my case , I knew that there were not many options for my Sprint HTC Hero and I quickly found that the DamageControl ROM was exactly what I 'd been looking for .
It is currently based off Android 2.1 and it's exactly what I had flashed on my phone to come up with this [ p ] review : Detailed Mega Review Of Android 2.1 On Our HTC Hero – Discover All The New Features ( With Lots Of Screenshots ) .
Download The ROM You Selected
Download the ROM image , which is usually a zip archive , and copy it into the root folder of your SD card .
Important : you do not unzip the .zip file - just copy it as is .
You can do it by
attaching the phone with a USB cable and selecting the option of mounting the SD card to be used as a drive on the computer
or
unmounting the SD card , physically taking it out of the phone , and inserting into your own card reader
or
downloading the ROM straight from the phone browser
Once you 've copied the ROM image , you can proceed to flashing it in step 5 .
If you purchased ROM Manager Premium for $ 3.99 , in addition to thanking the developer for the awesome job , you 've also unlocked a few premium features .
If you purchased ROM Manager Premium for $ 3.99 , in addition to thanking the developer for the awesome job , you 've also unlocked a few premium features .
In particular , the Premium version can download ROMs compatible with your phone straight from ROM Manager .
Just select " Download ROM " and see which ones are available for your model .
Unfortunately , there is no ROM entered into the app for Sprint HTC
Hero at the moment , so you still have to download it manually using the directions in step 4 .
5. Flash It
The process of installing new firmware or low - level system software in general is called flashing .
We will be flashing the new custom ROM over the stock one that came with your phone .
Pop open the ROM Manager and click " Install ROM from SD Card "
" The ROM you downloaded in step 4 should show up in the list .
If it does n't , make sure you 've put it into the root folder of the SD card .
Click on the ROM and you should receive a popup inviting you to back up existing ROM ( which you should do unless you 've already backed up manually ) and wipe data and cache , which you should only do if you want to do a clean install , i.e. when upgrading from the stock ROM .
Note : this does not wipe your SD card data - it only wipes the phone 's internal memory .
and you should receive a popup inviting you to Follow the rest of the prompts and voila - the ROM is being installed !
Check out these screenshots I took , showing the full process :
The flashing process should take 5 - 10 minutes installing everything and then 10 - 20 minutes during the first boot .
Please be patient during this process .
Once the phone boots , you should find yourself in the new ROM .
This is it - end of the road !
You 've done it !
Enjoy your fast and clean phone .
Problem During Flashing ?
If after the " Reboot and Install " step , you immediately get a picture of Android with a big exclamation point , most likely it means the ROM image you downloaded was not cryptographically signed by the developer ( which happens if they were in a hurry to release or simply do n't use encryption ) .
That 's OK - you can fix this by :
clicking the exclamation point screen , which goes to the ClockworkMod recovery menu or simply rebooting into recovery manually ( that 's one of the options in the ROM Manager ) .
Alternatively , you can boot into recovery by holding Power and Home buttons together while powering up your phone
selecting the option that says " install zip from sdcard "
toggling the " toggle signature verification " option to turn the verification off ( it should say " Signature Check : Disabled " )
giving flashing another try by selecting " choose zip from sdcard " and selecting the right ROM , just like before
I took some screenshots of this process to make this easier to comprehend :
6. Want To Go Back ?
Restore It
Alright , you may want to restore the original full backup of your OS that you took in step 3 ( or 5 ) .
Maybe you forgot something in the original installation or want to go back to stock for another reason - no problem .
Install and load up the ROM Manager app in the custom ROM you flashed ( basically , repeating step 2 ) .
Now use the " Manage and Restore Backups " menu to find your backup and restore it ( including the OS itself and all the apps , settings - everything that you backed up ) .
After you 're done restoring , you 'll be back to your original OS as if nothing ever happened ( was it just a dream ? )
You can read more about the Backup / Restore procedure in our tutorial called [ Complete Guide ] How To Fully Back Up And Restore Your Android Phone Using Nandroid Backup .
Did you like this tutorial ?
Do you have questions ?
Do n't hesitate to comment below .
For more great Android tutorials and news , feel free to follow @AndroidPolice on twitter and subscribe to our RSS feed .
As I sit down to work on our Android Phone Guide and eat some tasty General Tso ’s Chicken , I notice something curious pop up on my HTC Incredible – a big “ System Update ” dialogue box :
Pressing the “ More Info ” button did n’t yield a very good explanation of what was included :
So we know its 3.5 MB but that ’s about it … and the link they offered to http://www.verizonwireless.com/droidincrediblesupport was currently a broken link .
Time to install the update and do some sleuthing for myself !
Here is the phone info from before and after :
So the Build Number changed from ending in 493 to ending in 494 and the Software number changed from ending in .0 to .2 – so this was definitely was n’t a phantom update even though the Firmware version still reads 2.1 - update1 .
What exactly did this update accomplish ?
I ’m not sure … but I ’ve got word into HTC and Verizon and hopefully we can collectively figure out what this Indredible OTA is all about .
I ’m guessing it could be something to do with the glitchy signal bar display but that ’s just a guess .
It ’s tempting to see all this as nostalgia for the time when most people worked with their hands and a whaling ship or a military ambulance or a migrant workers ’ camp could be an aspiring novelist ’s Harvard and Yale .
In the 19th and early 20th centuries , American writers were n’t afraid to talk shop , whether the work in question was making money , as in William Dean Howells ’s tales of young Gilded Age strivers , or making sausage , as in Upton Sinclair ’s “ Jungle . ”
In the 1930s , as the Depression deepened , work became a particularly urgent subject for novelists , precisely because so many people did n’t have any .
In John Steinbeck ’s “ Grapes of Wrath , ” work , any kind of work , was a fragile bulwark against starvation .
In the so - called proletarian novels of the period , with their evil bosses , downtrodden workers and heroic organizers , labor acquired a kind of romance — not because the actual tasks were ennobling , but because unions held the key to broader social redemption , generally along doctrinaire socialist lines .
( Which did n’t necessarily imply aesthetic progress : the proletarian novel , the journalist Murray Kempton later wrote , was “ rooted in the American tradition of bad literature . ” )
In his “ U.S.A. ” trilogy , John Dos Passos , like many literary men and women from privileged backgrounds , connected with the rising misery around him by describing the lives of the working , or workless , class .
Other politically minded novelists , of authentically modest origins , made fiction the means for documenting the lives they had only barely escaped .
As Morris Dickstein writes in “ Dancing in the Dark , ” his recent cultural history of the 1930s , the roughneck hero of James T. Farrell ’s “ Studs Lonigan , ” a house painter turned small - time thug , is “ what the author himself might have become had he not left home and become a writer . ”
Image Credit ... Illustration by Paul Rogers
With the arrival of postwar prosperity , the literature of working - class struggle gave way to the literature of middle - ­class disillusion .
In novels like Sloan Wilson ’s “ Man in the Gray Flannel Suit ” and Richard Yates ’s “ Revolutionary Road , ” work is n’t a tool of social redemption but a graveyard of individual dreams — often , as in the case of Yates ’s Frank Wheeler , the dream of being an artist .
It ’s a theme the literary novel has n’t been able to shake .
Blue - collar misery has continued to inspire powerful fiction , whether Raymond Carver ’s stories about laconically depressed waitresses and mechanics or Russell Banks ’s portraits of violently self - destructive millworkers and snowplow drivers .
But these days , it seems , the really unhappy people are working in offices .
Take , for example , the characters in Joshua Ferris ’s dark satire “ Then We Came to the End ” ( 2007 ) , set in a Chicago advertising agency caught in the throes of layoffs and water - cooler paranoia , and Ed Park ’s “ Personal Days ” ( 2008 ) , which unfolds in a similarly depopulating Manhattan cubicle farm .
In reality , these satires of late - capitalist office life have less to say about actual work than about the bureaucratic rituals and distractions surrounding it : the joke PowerPoint presentations , the endless forwarding of stupid YouTube videos , the proliferation of Orwellian corporate jargon .
In this vision , a job may provide a kind of grim life - boat camaraderie , along with a paycheck , but the work itself is meaningless unto mendacious : a metaphor for the lies and illusions that underlie our economy , if not our civilization .
In Ferris ’s novel , the agency ’s big last - minute assignment — to create a humorous campaign for a shadowy breast - cancer awareness group — is itself a joke .
In Park ’s novel , the company ’s actual business is n’t worth specifying at all .
From the moment you walk through the door , you become our primary focus .
We understand that these accidents can be devastating and the aftermath can be a confusing and stressful process .
With more than 30 years of experience handling personal injury cases , we have answers to many of the questions you may have :
Where do I get medical care ?
How can I prove my injury is someone else ’s fault ?
Can I wait to pay medical bills until after I get compensation ?
We can guide you through the best course of action following your injury .
You also deserve to know how your case is going .
We walk our clients through every step of the process , making sure they understand their situation and what to expect in the future .
We want you to recover as quickly as possible , so we handle the bulk of the work while making ourselves available to you whenever you need us .
Do n’t Wait to File Your Claim !
According to the California Code of Civil Procedure section 335.1 the statute of limitations for personal injury cases in California is two years .
A statute of limitations is the time limit injury victims have to file a claim before they lose their right to recover compensation .
This means in California , you have two years from the date of your injury to file a claim or you will not be able to do so .
In some cases statute of limitations can be extended , an attorney from our firm can let you know if you qualify .
Contact our firm today to speak to an attorney .
Types of Injury Claims We Handle
When you have been injured in an accident and you are seeking compensation for your suffering , it is within your best interest to file an injury claim with a skilled personal injury lawyer in Sacramento .
Our dedicated attorney has experience in multiple types of injury claims , and can help you navigate the negotiations from insurance companies .
Miller Injury Attorneys handles injury claims including , but not limited to the following :
HOUSTON ( Reuters ) - A cascade of human and mechanical failures likely caused last month ’s deadly offshore rig explosion and an undersea oil gusher that could be the worst U.S. environmental disaster , according to data gathered by congressional investigators and reviewed by experts .
Around 9:53 p.m. CDT ( 0253 GMT ) on April 20 , Swiss - based Transocean Ltd ’s Deepwater Horizon rig exploded while it was drilling a well a mile beneath the Gulf of Mexico under contract for London - based BP Plc.
Eleven rig workers are presumed dead .
Hours before the explosion , set off by flammable methane gas that surged up the drill pipe , forces were already in motion on the drill deck and beneath the ocean surface that opened the door to catastrophe .
“ There was a series of failures -- human and mechanical , ” said Satish Nagarajaiah , professor in civil and mechanical engineering at Rice University in Houston .
“ This was the perfect storm . ”
According to information from BP , Transocean , and rig contractor Halliburton
Co gathered by investigators from the House Energy and Commerce Committee , rig workers pressed ahead to put the finishing touches on the well despite potentially alarming test results that signaled a buildup of gas pressure deep in the well ’s reservoir .
And on the ocean floor , a 450 - ton series of valves and pipes called a blowout preventer -- meant to be the last line of defense in the event of a blowout -- was disabled after being significantly modified .
“ This catastrophe appears to have been caused by a calamitous series of equipment and operational failures , ” Representative Henry Waxman , chairman of the committee , said at a hearing on the spill on Wednesday .
“ NOT SATISFACTORY ”
Drilling an oil well deep into the earth involves waging a delicate battle against a torrent of highly pressurized oil and methane gas unleashed when a hydrocarbon reservoir is penetrated .
To prevent an uncontrolled release of oil and gas , known as a blowout , the industry has developed multiple systems to hold at bay the extreme pressures within the well .
On the Deepwater Horizon , three of those systems -- the blowout preventer , the metal casing within the well and the cement that held it in place -- all likely failed , according to testimony from company officials and data gathered by investigators from the House Energy and Commerce Committee .
BP and Transocean made a decision late on April 20 to begin removing mud from within the drill pipe despite pressure tests from within the well that a BP official described as “ not satisfactory ” and “ inconclusive , ” Waxman said on Wednesday .
Drilling mud is a mixture of synthetic ingredients that is pumped into the well to exert downward hydrostatic pressure and prevent a column of oil and gas from rushing up the pipe .
Earlier in the day , well pressure tests showed an imbalance between the drill pipe and kill and choke lines running from the drill deck to the blowout preventer .
The pressure in the drill pipe was 1,400 pounds per square inch ( PSI ) , while the choke and kill lines read zero PSI , Waxman said .
“ They knew there was something wrong because the pressure in the kill and choke lines was not correct , ” Nagarajaiah said .
“ That should have alerted them . ”
But according to Waxman , workers performed additional tests and at 8 p.m. CDT ( 0100 GMT ) “ company officials determined that the additional results justified ending the test and proceeding with well operations . ”
“ I ’m a little shocked that they proceeded at that point , ” said Philip Johnson , a petroleum engineering professor at the University of Alabama .
“ It sounds like they never got an adequate low pressure test and someone decided to go ahead and displace the mud , ” Johnson said .
“ That sounds like a pretty serious mistake . ”
Once the well exploded in a green flash , rig workers tried to activate the blowout preventer on the ocean floor , designed as a fail - safe to choke off the well .
But officials from Cameron International Corp , which manufactured the device , told committee staff that a key hydraulic system meant to supply emergency power was disabled .
And another key device component designed to clamp down around the drill pipe and seal any leak -- known as a variable bore ram -- had been replaced by a useless test ram , according to Representative Bart Stupak , chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee ’s investigations subcommittee .
With oil gushing into the sea , BP sent remote robots to the ocean floor to attempt to activate the ram .
“ An entire day ’s worth of precious time had been spent engaging rams that closed the wrong way , ” Stupak said .
While a men's shelter in Mesa is confronting a problem with bed bugs , students and teachers at a Gilbert elementary school last month found tiny bites on their arms and legs from an irritating insect : the flea .
Students at Spectrum Elementary School brought home a letter on April 22 from the principal about the flea problem , which state health officials confirmed .
The case prompted a thorough cleaning of the school and a visit from the exterminator .
No children became sick .
Gilbert Public Schools spokeswoman Dianne Bowers said three staff members and one child complained to the Spectrum Elementary nurse of " bugs that bite . "
A mother of three at Spectrum , Christine Accurso , said she and a few other parents recall seeing bites on their children .
The school 's flea problem surfaced several days after word of a bed - bug infestation at the East Valley Men 's Shelter in Mesa .
A New Leaf , a non-profit operator of the shelter , says that it has been trying to eradicate the pests and that a long - term extermination plan could cost close to $ 100,000 .
State health officials and a longtime University of Arizona entomologist and curator said the bed - bug problem is becoming more common nationwide as more people travel frequently and carry tiny stowaways on blankets , pillows , clothes and suitcases .
But the experts said the Gilbert school 's recent flea encounter , which they emphasize was harmless , was a rare situation .
Rarer still was the culprit .
State health officials believe the flea responsible was the Pulex irritans - a human flea .
It is slightly larger than the head of a pin , with a body that spans at least 2 millimeters .
Without additional samples of the insects , it 's hard for scientists to positively confirm the creature 's identity .
Carl Olson , the UA entomologist , noted the school sent a female flea sample to the Arizona Department of Health Services .
Like female birds , many female insects are much duller in color and detail than their male counterparts , he said .
This makes them harder to identify .
The flea " is a real complex species group , " Olson said .
" We 're pretty good as entomologists , but there 's too much for us to know , " he said of the vast flea species and constantly expanding field of entomology .
Count the fleas and bed bugs among the dozens of insects that depend on our flesh and blood for survival .
Olson said mosquitoes are more likely than fleas to hang around a school because irrigation systems and poorly maintained backyard pools provide the ideal wet habitat for breeding .
Fleas , meanwhile , are more often found on animals or household pets such as cats or dogs .
Gilbert officials had the entire Spectrum Elementary School cleaned after confirming a student had flea bites .
Although only a handful of people had bites , an exterminator was sent to spray pesticide campuswide two weeks ago .
The exterminator visited again last Saturday .
Olson said spraying is often the first response , but can be more harmful than helpful .
Chemical particles in the pesticide are toxic and can " grasshopper " to various parts of the room , floating and attaching to items or locations other than where they were targeted .
Many , such as nocturnal bed bugs , can be deterred with simple tactics such as leaving the lights on .
It 's in the teeth .
An odd mosaic of dental features recently unearthed in northern Egypt reveals a previously undocumented , highly - specialized primate called Nosmips aenigmaticus that lived in Africa nearly 37 million years ago .
Because it is only known from its teeth , the paleontologists who discovered it do n't know what its body looked like , but the find likely represents an ancient African lineage whose discovery makes early primate evolution on that continent more complicated .
" It comes as a bit of a shock to find a primate that defies classification , " said lead researcher and assistant professor of Anatomical Sciences Erik Seiffert of New York 's Stony Brook University .
Seiffert says during the last 30 years or so , three major primate groups were established as being present in Africa some 55 to 34 million years ago : early monkeys , lemur - like primates , and an extinct group called adapiforms .
But the newly discovered primate 's teeth place Nosmips in Africa at the same time .
What 's more , its teeth suggest it could be an evolutionary oddity that is not closely related to any of these groups .
Nosmips ' discoverers report the finding in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The National Science Foundation supported the research .
" When you find the teeth of a fossil primate , it 's usually pretty clear where it fits into the family tree , " said Seiffert .
" There are only a few species that nobody agrees about and that really can't be placed into any of the major primate groups .
These mystery fossils must have something important to tell us about primate evolution . "
Right now Nosmips is one of those rare mystery fossils and so far is only known by 12 teeth , most of which were found in isolation at a site in the Fayum Depression about 40 miles outside Cairo , Egypt .
The discoveries result from work during several field seasons over nine years .
advertisement
Paleontologists usually identify primate fossils by their teeth because teeth are the most durable parts of the body and are most likely to fossilize , and so are most likely to be recovered .
" We were lucky to find even two teeth of Nosmips in each field season over the course of the nine years , " said Seiffert .
" That amounts to over nine months of continuous work .
Only through working over such a long time span were we able to piece together the arrangement of Nosmips ' teeth . "
Analysis shows Nosmips had a rare combination of enlarged and elongated premolars with simple upper molars .
It also had premolar teeth that had taken on the form of molars , instead of being relatively simple as in most other primates .
" Nosmips appears to be a highly specialized member of a previously undocumented and presumably quite ancient endemic African primate lineage " Seiffert said .
The researchers note that Nosmips lived alongside another specialized primate named Afradapis , which the same team described last year in a paper in the journal Nature .
Seiffert and colleagues compared the teeth of these extinct species with those of living primates , and determined that Afradapis had adaptations for eating leaves , whereas Nosmips probably ate more fruits and insects .
" As time goes on and more discoveries are made , it will be fascinating to see how different lineages contributed to primate diversity in the Eocene of Africa , " Seiffert said .
Researchers from the Duke Lemur Center , Midwestern University , Penn State University and University of Oxford also contributed to this research .
A PedalSense shipped to you * without a gamepad .
This means you can't use the PedalSense until you hack a xbox 360 ( or ps3 ) controller which involves opening it up and soldering several wires into it which will connect to the PedalSense unit .
These wires will be included and instructions will be on the web for the xbox360 hack .
A ps3 solution is still not completed , although we 're pretty certain it will work , and will post instructions when we 're done .
This is our direct cost to manufacture , assemble and ship .
* USA only , international folks please expect to paypal some additional funds .
Less
The board is set , the pieces are moving .
For many years people have patiently waited for ToME3 to be released , for many years I have tried .
But I always burned out of developing it too fast .
It was a pile of old crappy code I could not stand working on anymore ...
So one day I set out on a new venture , to rewrite it all from scratch , to forget code I could not bear using anymore and to focus on a new engine , and a new game .
This was about six months ago , and now after 20 private alpha versions I am ready to unleash the Tales of Middle - Earth : The Fourth Age and T - Engine4 onto the world !
T- Engine 4
This is the " spiritual " successor of T - Engine 3 , the basic idea is the same : to make a roguelike game engine that allows the game maker to focus on making a game , not on handling the trivialities of coding .
Being the lua fanatic I am the engine obviously uses it , and much more than in T - Engine 2 / 3 .
There is a very small C core that is mostly unaware of any high level designs , it simply provides access to graphics , sounds , input , ... T - Engine4 can handle many things and is meant to be easily extended .
Its lua core is documented and based on a simple OO design , leveraging the full power of Lua .
A list of features can be found at http://te4.org/ but the most important ones are :
single unified UI using OpenGL on all platforms
support for many roguelike concepts from scratch without imposing limits on what can be done with them
easy input ( keyboard & mouse ) support
generic save / load code using serialization , simple objects do not even need to be aware of it , it works auto - magically
support for both graphical mode and traditional ASCII , potentially at the same time
many other things , checkout the site and try it
Tales of Middle - Earth : The Fourth Age
Because an engine is nothing without a game ( and because I wanted to make a game ) , I developed ToME4 at the same time .
As I developed ToME3 I was starting to feel restricted by the theme I had setup for myself , that of the quests for the ring in the third age .
Do not get me wrong , I love the setting but it felt to me like I was meant to follow a pre-existing story and had little room for improvements , all I could do was bastardise it .
So I took a hard , but IMO needed , decision for ToME4 and scrapped that altogether .
It is based one hundred and twenty two years after the fall of Sauron , in a world that is in relative peace under the guidance the High Kings of the Reunited Kingdom ( Gondor and Arnor ) .
The player is not " the chosen one " that goes on to save the world from level 1 but instead a simple adventurer , out for glory and treasures .
While there is a grand - evil - that - must - be - stopped it is revealed slowly as part of the player leveling up and should feel much less intimidating .
The biggest gameplay change is probably the switch to a new stats&skills system .
The primary stats are now Strength , Dexterity , Magic , Willpower , Cunning and Constitution ( with a hidden Luck stat ) and the skill system has been changed to follow a " standard " pattern for most skills .
They are now called talents and usually have 5 levels .
All talents are organised in talent types , usually 4 talents per type .
This forces to have some interesting designs for each classes , melee classes have gained a lot from it and now have many combat techniques they can use .
Some races , classes and other " things " also need unlocking before they can be used .
Fear not , the mage class for example is indeed in the game but requires unlocking to be available , as are others .
There is mainly two reasons for this design :
it allows to not overwhelm a new player with too many unknown choices at birth
it allows to give " rewards " without winning the game
At the start the player can be a human , dwarf , elf or hobbit and either a warrior , rogue or archer ( with subclasses for each ) .
ToME4 ( and T - Engine4 ) are meant to be enjoyable by anybody , as such there is no hidden " macro " , or tons of useless and cryptic options .
Key - bindings and graphical modes are set - able in game with the main menu ( available by pressing Escape from the game ) .
Mouse support is available in most dialogs , it can even be used to activate talents .
Both ToME4 and T - Engine4 are now in public beta , meaning they are usable but not done .
T - Engine4 is mostly good and I did not modify it much for some weeks now , except to add some new independent features ( like new map generators ) .
ToME4 story is fully planned in my head and was meant to be split in two half .
The first half is done and playable ( and such the game is currently winnable ) , the second half will be implemented during beta .
Now go to http://tome.te4.org or http://te4.org and download it !
[ Updated at 7:56 p.m . ]
Watch the news conference from Wednesday evening .
[ Posted at 6:29 p.m . ]
A second Prince George 's County , Maryland , police officer has been suspended in the case of a University of Maryland student whose beating by officers wielding nightsticks was caught on video , officials announced Wednesday .
The Prince George 's County Police Department had announced the suspension of one officer on Tuesday , and more suspensions are expected soon , according to police Lt. Andy Ellis .
Ellis said that all the officers involved in the beating incident have been identified and that at least two more are expected to be suspended .
The department has not released the names of those suspended , but will once all the suspensions are made , Ellis said .
In addition to investigations by the police department and the Maryland Attorney General 's office , the FBI is investigating the beating incident , Ellis said .
Close
RSPCA Australia collects your personal information in order to achieve our animal welfare and related purposes .
We may use it to provide you with information , services and products .
Without your information , we may not be able to provide you with the requested services or products , or with information about campaigns , activities , products and services that you may be interested in .
We may disclose your information to state and territory RSPCA organisations which are members of RSPCA Australia , and those organisations will use your information in accordance with their privacy policies .
We will also disclose your information when legally required .
In some cases we use third parties to manage our data collection and storage , some of who may store information overseas .
Overseas recipients are located in the United Kingdom and the United States of America .
For more details see our Privacy Policy which includes information about how to access and correct your personal information , and also how to complain if you think we have breached your privacy .
Django 1.2 released
It 's here !
After many months of work , we 're proud to announce the release today of Django 1.2 .
There 's so much cool stuff packed into it that even a summary can't do it justice ; you 'll just have to go read the release notes to see it all , then swing by the downloads page to grab a copy .
And as always , signed checksums for the release package are available .
One important point is worth mentioning here , however : Django 1.2 is , as covered in the release notes , the first official release of Django which does not support Python 2.3 .
Django still runs on 2.x Python , but the minimum version requirement is now 2.4 .
Django 1.1 , which is still supported with security updates , continues to provide Python 2.3 support if you need it , and will do so until its support lifetime ends with the release of Django 1.3 .
Finally , we 'd like to point out , as always , that we could n't do this without the help of the huge numbers of people all around the world who contribute to and improve Django every single day .
All of you should give yourselves a big pat on the back , and if you happen to be in Berlin next week , go celebrate with your fellow Djangonauts at DjangoCon EU .
Update :
It 's been pointed out that the config file which builds the Django documentation did n't get its version number incremented in the Django 1.2 package .
To rectify this we 're going to wait 24 hours to make sure no other oversights are discovered in 1.2 , then issue Django 1.2.1 tomorrow afternoon -- May 18 , US Central time -- with an updated documentation builder .
Milan is renowned the world over as a lively center of fashion and design , and as the home of La Scala opera house .
In Italy , however , it is better known as the city of the cinque giornate ( " five days " ) , which marked the start of the battle for the unification of Italy in 1848 ; as the locale that marked both the beginning and end of the road for fascist leader Benito Mussolini ; and , in recent years , as the heart of Padania , the region that the Northern League political party hopes to separate from the rest of the country .
This separatist party may belong to Silvio Berlusconi 's government , but that does n't hinder it from pursuing its goal .
In advance of next year 's celebrations of the 150th anniversary of Italy 's unification , one of its ministers went so far as to declare that the Northern League may not take part in the national festivities .
Adherents of this small party from Italy 's affluent north say they are unwilling to continue to shoulder the economic burden of the entire country and are fed up with the corruption and ineffectualness of what they call Roma ladrona ( " thieving Rome " ) .
They have their own flag , sing their own national anthem , speak their own dialect , want to keep Europe Christian and are vehemently anti-immigration .
" Italy for the Italians : Africans and Jews out ! " a young party supporter proclaimed on television not long ago .
In today 's political climate , rightists are apparently no longer ashamed to express racist views .
Even Milan mayor Letizia Moratti , a member of the governing center - right party and the daughter of a member of the Italian resistance during World War II , felt free to remark recently that illegal immigrants with no regular work " normally commit crimes . "
Amid growing fears over immigration , the weakening of the left , the deep economic crisis and the scandals that continually befall the governing party , the secessionist party has gradually become a serious political alternative for many in the north .
This trend became evident in parliamentary elections two years ago , in which the Northern League doubled its strength from 4 to 8 percent , followed by the European elections a year later , in which it soared to 10.2 percent .
Furthermore , in regional elections two months ago , it won two important regions : Veneto and Piedmont .
Unofficial statistics indicate that more than a quarter of the population of the northern regions supports the party .
But meanwhile , beyond its separatist fringes , elements from xenophobic , neo - fascist and anti-Semitic groups are also springing up .
They do n't necessarily share the Northern League 's separatist goals , but they draw legitimation from it to express their loathing for the country 's four million immigrants ( out of a total population of 60 million ) , and sometimes for Italy 's 25,000 Jews as well .
Filling the void
Political and cultural trends in Italy are slowly shifting toward the far right , which in the latter part of the 1990s altered its operating strategy and began filling the territory vacated by the traditional left , which has been mired in a crisis of values .
For this reason , many incidents ( of varying degrees of significance ) which , until not long ago , would have evoked outrage and protest are now met with silence and indifference .
Thus , for example , the report that an official in the extreme - right Forza Nuova party celebrated his birthday with a birthday cake decorated with the image of Hitler against the backdrop of a photograph of the Fuehrer was buried in a local paper .
So , too , were pronouncements ( denied the next day ) by mayors identified with the Northern League that immigrants from outside European Union countries should be " sent packing on camels . "
The rightward shift actually began after a convention of the neo - fascist MSI - DN party in the mid-1990s , where the majority , under the leadership of Gianfranco Fini , the current speaker of the Lower House , decided to disavow the party 's past and to adopt a conservative policy in keeping with the classic European center - right .
This move brought the party , rechristened as Alleanza Nazionale , out of the political wilderness and into partnership with Berlusconi and the government .
A relatively small movement of young people refused to repudiate the party 's neo -fascist past , and resolved to stick to its positions within new frameworks , with the aim of occupying " spaces " in society .
Their profile closely resembles that of their far - right counterparts in other European countries :
They are generally 20 - 30 years old ; act in groups ; gather at heavy - metal rock concerts and movement rallies ; use Twitter and Facebook as a regular means of communication ; actively participate in blogs that praise Nazi ideology ; deny the Holocaust and popularize songs with anti-Semitic content .
One of the most prominent and well - established of these groups is certainly the Forza Nuova , a party that has radical Catholic underpinnings , and is headed by EU parliament member Roberto Fiore , who won 0.3 percent support in the last European election in 2008 .
Among other things , FN is calling for revocation of legislation prohibiting racial , religious and ethnic discrimination ; nullification of the law permitting abortion ; and closing the country to immigrants from outside the EU and expelling those already in Italy , even down to the second and third generation .
The party 's website is filled with anti-Israel , anti-Zionist and anti-Semitic content .
Besides FN , there is also the skinhead movement , concentrated mostly in Italy 's northeast , and the Casa Pound , a far - right organization headquartered in Rome .
Bolstered by the xenophobic and racist winds that are blowing more strongly in Italy these days , neo - fascist circles have been trying to effect displays of power in various places throughout the country .
Despite the law prohibiting rallies involving fascist content or symbols , at the beginning of the month , 10 far - right organizations in Milan held a joint sporting event in memory of Sergio Ramelli , a neo - fascist youth who was murdered 35 years ago by far - left activists .
The event provoked an uproar among the left , especially after posters were distributed around town announcing that it was sponsored and funded by the city .
Mayor Moratti issued a hasty denial , expressed her regret and said assistance for the event was given by the region " without her knowledge . "
" Either the mayor is lying or these organizations are making improper use of the municipal symbols , or someone gave them unofficial consent , " wrote leftist city council members in a letter to the mayor .
Despite the left 's protests , the event was still held , under heavy police protection , much to the organizers ' satisfaction .
On the basis of that success , two of the organizations , FN and Hammerskin , decided to put Milan to another test , and announced two more , all - European events , prompting a local edition of the Corriere della Sera newspaper to dub Milan capitale Naziskin ( the " skinhead capital " ) .
Last Saturday , Milan was the site of an FN rally against " the megapower of the banks . "
Also participating were several far - right European movements , including Hungary 's Jobbik ( which made a strong showing in the elections in that country a month ago ) , Jean - Marie Le Pen 's National Front from France , Germany 's National Democratic Party and representation from nearly every other European country .
And tomorrow , Hammerskin has scheduled a big concert in Milan to mark " 20 years of European brotherhood " ( meaning the anniversary of its founding ) .
The leftist movements promise they will bring thousands of activists to the streets in protest .
" The far right is still marginal and we need to make sure it stays that way , " one of the organizers of the counter - demonstration told Haaretz .
" This is n't harmless folklore - it 's time to take this seriously , " proclaimed one pamphlet distributed at that demonstration .
" We are facing a dangerous political phenomenon reminiscent of the Weimar Republic and what followed it , and we do not wish to see that again , " wrote the organizers , who also warned against attempts by the far right to exploit the economic crisis that has hit the Continent as a means of recruiting supporters .
The left called these events , in a pamphlet issued collectively by several movements , " a grave insult to the city that in the aftermath of World War II was awarded a Gold Medal of Valor for its resistance to the Nazis , " while a right - wing paper noted that FN is " a political party like any other and it has the right to demonstrate in any city plaza . "
But even the right knows that one square remains off - limits : Piazzale Loreto , where Mussolini 's men killed 15 partisans in 1944 , and where , a year later , the body of the fascist dictator , already mutilated by a mob , was strung up by the feet for all to see .
Il Duce 's granddaughter , EU Parliament member Alessandra Mussolini , has proposed that the name of the plaza be changed to Piazza dell ' Unita d'Italia ( " Italian Unity Plaza " ) in honor of the country 's 150th anniversary celebrations .
Ironically , if the Northern League , which is currently eyeing the mayor 's office , wins next year 's local election , the chances of that happening are exceedingly slim .
By Serena Gordon
HealthDay Reporter
MONDAY , May 3 ( HealthDay News ) --
For kids , a few extra pounds may invite trouble from the schoolyard bully .
New research suggests that just being overweight increases the risk of being bullied .
And factors that usually play a role in the risk of being bullied , such as gender , race and family income levels , do n't seem to matter if you 're overweight -- being overweight or obese trumps all those other factors when it comes to aggressive behavior from other children .
The study found that being overweight increased the risk of being the target of bullying by 63 percent .
" One of the reasons we started this study is that obesity is so much more common today .
Now that about half of kids are overweight or obese , it does n't make you such an outlier anymore , so we thought maybe kids would n't be bullied for being overweight anymore , " said study author Dr. Julie Lumeng , an assistant research scientist at the Center for Human Growth and Development at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor .
She added that the researchers also hoped they might be able to find some protective factors against being bullied , such as doing well in school .
" What we found , much to our dismay , was that nothing seemed to matter .
If you were obese , you were more likely to be bullied , no matter what , " she said .
Results of the study will be published in the June issue of Pediatrics , but were released online May 3 .
The study included 821 boys and girls from a nationally representative sample of children selected from 10 sites around the United States .
Bullying behaviors were assessed in third , fifth and sixth grades .
The youngsters were mostly white , half of them were male and 15 percent were overweight in the third grade .
By sixth grade , teachers reported that 34 percent of the study children had been bullied , and mothers reported that 45 percent of the children had been bullied , while 25 percent of the children themselves said they had been bullied .
Previous research has shown that boys , minorities and children from low - income groups are more likely to be bullied , so the researchers took these factors into account to see if they made a difference .
The study authors also considered a child 's social skills and academic achievement in their analysis .
" No matter how much we retested , the findings were very robust .
Obese kids are more likely to be bullied , " said Lumeng .
She said that one of the reasons she believes the findings were so consistent is that prejudice against overweight or obese people is " so pervasive that it 's acceptable . "
But , she added , " Obesity is really complex .
It 's not all about willpower .
It 's a brain - based disorder , and I hope that message becomes clearer . "
Dana Rofey , an assistant professor with the Weight Management and Wellness Center at Children 's Hospital of Pittsburgh , said she was n't surprised by the findings .
" Bullying is the most common psychosocial complaint that our patients present with , " she said .
" For parents and pediatricians , one of the issues our study raises is that if you 're caring for a child who 's overweight , you need to be alert to this and you might want to gently bring it up with the child .
Ask , ' How are things at school going ? ' or ' Does anyone ever say something that makes you feel bad ? ' because this may be an issue that 's difficult for kids to bring up , " said Lumeng .
If your child lets you know that he or she is being bullied , Lumeng said your first response should be to validate your child 's feelings and let them know that it 's not OK for someone to treat them like that .
What to do next can be tricky , agreed both experts .
" Be supportive , and let your child know that you 'll help them .
Consult with your child and ask how he or she would like you to get involved , " advised Rofey .
Many youngsters may ask their parents to take a hands - off approach , she said .
But she recommends setting some guidelines .
" Say something like , ' It seems you have this under control right now , but let 's keep talking and checking in about it . ' "
Rofey also recommends teaching your child how to avoid situations that might lead to teasing or bullying , and talking with your child about how to reach out to adults if they need to .
Depending on the situation , she said that parents may need to step in and advocate for their children at the school .
But , she advised always letting your children know what steps you 'll be taking .
More information
The Nemours Foundation KidsHealth
Web site has more tips for kids on dealing with bullies .
Microwave Cooking for One by Marie T Smith
Is your microwave oven 's main function in life is to heat leftovers , bake potatoes or pop popcorn ?
You can cook complete meals in your microwave oven and this site is here to help show you how by teaching you to microwave cook dishes for one that can be easily multiplied .
If you arrived here because you heard this is the world 's saddest cookbook , we hope you 'll take some time to explore the site and find out why Microwave Cooking for One can actually help you learn to cook , as well as save you time and money .
Why Microwave Food ?
It 's fast !
Generally , cooking food takes one - fourth the time in the microwave than it takes in your conventional oven .
!
Generally , cooking food takes one - fourth the time in the microwave than it takes in your conventional oven .
It 's cool !
Cooking heat is created within the food , so your kitchen does not become overheated .
!
Cooking heat is created within the food , so your kitchen does not become overheated .
It 's tastier !
Natural flavors are retained in the food .
! Natural flavors are retained in the food .
It 's nutritional !
Reduced cooking time means more vitamins and minerals are retained .
! Reduced cooking time means more vitamins and minerals are retained .
It 's economical !
You only cook the amount of food you need .
Your microwave uses less electrical wattage than with your conventional oven , and you 're cooking for a shorter amount of time .
!
You only cook the amount of food you need .
Your microwave uses less electrical wattage than with your conventional oven , and you 're cooking for a shorter amount of time .
It 's convenient !
You can cook right in the serving dish , on paper plates and in paper towels .
There is less mess to clean up after you 're done .
Why Recipes for One ?
Anyone who has tried to reduce a recipe to a small amount knows that it is not an easy task , but to double or triple a recipe is a fairly simple feat .
The tough reducing part has been done for you already in Microwave Cooking for One ; the easy job of increasing these recipes to two or three or four servings is up to you .
We are becoming a society of single - and two - person households .
Baby - boomers are retiring , and their children have grown up and moved out of the house .
Microwave Cooking for
One is a healthy solution for : Busy Households Full of Individual Tastes College Students Cost - Conscious Households Individuals Living Alone Individuals on a Special Diet or Any Diet Newly Weds Retired Couples Single Military Personnel Widows and Widowers Yourself !
Getting Started ...
A good place to start is in the Microwave Cooking Tips section to get an overview about cooking in the microwave oven .
Then , visit the Contents & Recipes section and try some of the recipes .
Did You Know ?
Many people become frustrated when attempting to cook in the microwave because they do not realize that most recipes are written for the 700 - watt oven ( the industry standard ) .
However , what do you do if you own a different wattage oven ?
Check out our easy - to - use Conversion Charts to convert to the time you need to use to cook your food .
Do n't know what wattage oven you have ?
Follow the instructions at What Wattage is My Oven ? to determine your microwave oven 's wattage .
Marie T
Smith demonstrates how easy it is to make a healthy , nutritional breakfast .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A government adviser has quit the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs over the criminalisation of mephedrone .
Eric Carlin said ministers had pledged to ban the drug so as to appear " acting tough " in the run-up to the election .
Mr Carlin is the seventh member of the body to resign following the sacking of former chairman Professor David Nutt .
The council has recommended that the substance , linked to at least four UK deaths , and other so - called " legal highs " be classified as Class - B drugs .
Young people Mr Carlin , 47 , a former chairman of the English Drug Education Forum , told the BBC he was " extremely unhappy " at the way the council arrived at its decision earlier this week .
Earlier , in his resignation letter , he said was increasingly disillusioned with the lack of attention paid by politicians and the media to drug prevention and early intervention among young people .
Mr Carlin also criticised the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs 's ( ACMD ) " apparent lack of interest in the subject " .
In his letter to Home Secretary Alan Johnson , Mr Carlin wrote : " We had little or no discussion about how our recommendation to classify this drug would be likely to impact on young people 's behaviour .
FORMER ADVISERS
Prof David Nutt - chairman of the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs Dr Les King - part - time advisor to the Department of Health , senior chemist on ACMD Marion Walker - clinical director of Berkshire Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust 's substance misuse service , Royal Pharmaceutical Society 's representative on ACMD Dr John Marsden - psychologist Dr Ian Ragan - pharmaceutical consultant Dr Simon Campbell - synthetic organic chemist who received a CBE for services to science Dr Polly Tayor - independent scientific adviser on ACMD Eric Carlin - consultant to ACMD
Eric Carlin 's resignation letter " Our decision was unduly based on media and political pressure . "
He added : " As well as being extremely unhappy with how the ACMD operates , I am not prepared to continue to be part of a body which , as its main activity , works to facilitate the potential criminalisation of increasing numbers of young people . "
Speaking later to the BBC , he criticised the way the Home Office addressed drugs as a criminal justice issue , rather than a public health or social impact issue .
The mephedrone decision " was seen as a quick fix so that the home secretary could be seen to be acting being tough on drugs before an election , " he said .
He said drug policy in the UK needed to consider why young people were attracted to drugs , with intervention and prevention being crucial .
According to the ACMD website , his appointment was from 1 January 2008 to 31 December 2010 .
Another member of the ACMD told the BBC that they felt " properly consulted " and there were at least four meetings where mephedrone was discussed by the council or its expert committees .
The member , who does not have a scientific background , said they " did not feel under the slightest pressure from politicians or the media " when it came to making the decision to recommend that mephedrone should be classified as a Class - B drug .
' Full confidence '
Mr Carlin 's resignation comes just days after another adviser , Dr Polly Taylor , quit the ACMD for similar reasons .
Professor Nutt , who was sacked by Mr Johnson in October 2009 , said he was not surprised by Mr Carlin 's resignation .
" There 's not been proper consideration given to the broader justice and political aspects of making a drug Class B and criminalising maybe tens of thousands of young people , " he said .
" I 'm not surprised that people think it 's all been done for political reasons rather than scientific or health reasons . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Home Office called Mr Carlin 's resignation " regrettable " .
A spokesman said : " However it does not impact on our plans to ban mephedrone and the other substances as soon as parliamentary time allows .
" The home secretary has full confidence in [ chairman ] Professor [ Les ] Iversen and the rest of the ACMD committee . "
Welsh Secretary Peter Hain said the government was right to act and Mr Carlin could have still argued his case while remaining a council member .
" Up to 25 people are suspected of having died from this drug .
And for the government not to have acted and to have rendered it illegal I think would have been grossly irresponsible . "
Prison sentence Shadow home secretary Chris Grayling said the relationship between the government and the ACMD had become " utterly shambolic " .
He said : " After all the chaos of the last few months , it finally looked as if Alan Johnson might be getting things back into shape again .
" The decision on mephedrone was the right one , but this latest resignation suggests pretty clearly that the home secretary has been completely unable to restore his relationship with the experts who advise him . "
Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne said : " Once again , the government 's contempt for expert advice has decimated the ACMD .
" There is no point having experts to advise on drugs if Labour is only interested in pandering to tabloid newspaper editors .
" The only way to restore science to the heart of drugs policy is to make the ACMD completely independent of government . "
Mr Johnson will ban mephedrone and the other substances within weeks , following the advice of the ACMD .
Class - B drugs , which include cannabis and amphetamine sulphate , carry a maximum sentence of five years in prison for possession or 14 years for supply .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Obama jokes at correspondents ' dinner Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement President Barack Obama joked about his approval ratings at the White House Correspondents ' Association dinner .
He also levelled a gag at Jay Leno , the comedian headlining the event , as '' the only person whose ratings fell more than mine ' ' .
MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice Improvements to the BBC News Website
Who would voters be electing in Sutton and Cheam - Philippa Stroud or her husband ?
By Jonathan Bartley May 2 , 2010
The crucial question about Philippa Stroud , the prospective Tory MP featured on the front page of today ’s Observer , has not yet been asked .
The paper has focused on her views about homosexuality .
But there is a far more important issue , and that is who would have influence and ‘ authority ’ over Mrs Stroud if she were elected ?
The New Frontiers Church that she attends , and of which her husband is one of the main leaders , teaches that a husband has ‘ authority ’ over his wife , and that a wife should submit to a husband 's will in all things .
The husband is seen as the ' servant leader ' .
I know this from close personal experience of the church , and that it runs incredibly deep in the church .
Indeed , it is fundamental to their religious approach .
See this excerpt from the church ’s 17 values which suggests that there must be “ joyful female submission ” in a marriage ( value no . 7 ) :
“ A church where Biblical family life is highly valued , where husband and wife embrace male servant leadership and joyful female submission , where godly parenting is taught and practised and where the special value of singleness and its unique opportunities are affirmed ” .
This is a church which does not allow women to have " governmental leadership " ( in the church structures ) .
When married women are in leadership they are still considered to be under the authority of their husbands .
The question must be asked of Philippa Stroud whether , in the event she was elected to Parliament , she would on any occasion ‘ submit ’ to her husband 's will and vote in a way that he thought was right , even if it contradicted her own position , the promises she had made to voters , or the manifesto on which she was elected ?
On many issues , she probably has identical perspectives to her husband .
But all marriages of course have their differences .
Add to this the fact that the church leaders ( including her husband ) , have some very definite and clear views on a whole ranges of issues from abortion to homosexuality , relationships between men and women , religious ' liberty ' and the role of the family , and there could clearly be some circumstances in which the church , and her husband , feel that they need to make clear to her what they think .
( The church seeks to take a ' biblical ' approach to all matters be they spiritual , social or political ) .
If this happens , will she feel an obligation to take their line , even if it conflicts with her own ?
Her own religious beliefs , and that of her church , might suggest that she would .
In political terms , we might call this a significant conflict of interest which needs to be declared .
Benchmark Results : Memory Usage
Windows Task Manager reports that our operating system ( Windows Ultimate 64 - bit ) uses approximately 18 % of physical memory at boot ( about 700 MB ) .
Both Chrome and Internet Explorer have two entries in the Windows Task Manager when only one window and one tab are open .
Both browsers add additional entries when new tabs or windows are opened .
All of the Web pages we used were saved to the hard drive on January 23rd , 2010 .
The Google homepage was used as the test page in the Single Tab test .
Apple 's Safari uses the least memory with only one tab and window open .
Google Chrome is also light on memory with a single tab , despite reports to the contrary .
Opera uses the most memory , nearly twice as much as third place finisher Internet Explorer .
Bing , Google , Hulu , Twitter , and Wikipedia make up the 5 Tab test pages .
Firefox uses the least amount of memory in this test .
Opera places last with Chrome not far behind , both almost doubling the memory usage of Firefox .
For the ten - tab test , we visit craigslist , Facebook , Tom's Hardware , Yahoo ! , and YouTube from our Page Load Times benchmark , and add them to our five - tab test consisting of Bing , Google , Hulu , Twitter , and Wikipedia .
Firefox again uses the least amount of memory .
Chrome and Opera give us another pair of upsets , again finishing fourth and fifth ( respectively ) .
This time Opera utilizes more than twice as much memory as our winner : Mozilla Firefox .
The big surprise here is Opera 's and Chrome 's poor showing in the multi-tab tests .
Overall , Firefox delivers the best memory usage results .
It comes in first place for the five - and ten - tab usage tests , but fourth in the single - tab metric .
MyNav , a python plugin for IDA Pro
MyNav is an Open Source IDAPython plugin for the commercial disassembler IDA Pro to be released on July 2010 .
The plugin adds a lot of new features only available in other products like in the well known Zynamics BinNavi or HB Gary ‘s Inspector .
In this blog post I will show you some of the features available in the current version with some examples .
Function ’s browser
The navigator is good to get an idea about what a function does as we can see and browse in a user - friendly GUI all the functions executed from one specific point .
For example , open the typical windows binary calc.exe in IDA Pro , wait until the initial analysis ends , run the script mynav.py in IDA and jump to the function “ ? CalcWndProc@@YGJPAUHWND__@@IIJ@Z ” ( at address 0x01006118 in Windows XP SP 3 ) .
Now , select Edit -> Plugins ->MyNav – Browse Function .
A new dialog box will appear asking for the maximum recursion level , enter the number 1 and click OK .
The following ( browseable ) graph will appear :
Depending on the selected maximum recursion level , some child nodes will be hidden like , for example , the childs nodes of the function “ ? SetRadix@@YGXK@Z ” .
To see the hidden nodes simply double clik in the node with text “ ( 8 more nodes ) ” .
The following graph will appear :
In this graph we can see what functions are executed from the “ SetRadix ” one .
We can continue browsing the graph entering and leaving in some other functions but , what if I want to see what API calls are executed from an specific function ?
To open a browseable graph showing API calls select in the IDA ’s disassembly view the desired function ( for example , the function at address 0x010022F9 in Windows XP SP3 -?CIO_vConvertToString@@YGXPAPAGPAUCALCINPUTOBJ@@H@Z-) and select Edit -> Plugins ->MyNav – Browse functions ( show APIs ) , leave the default maximum recursion level and click OK .
The browseable graph bellow will appear :
Taking a look to this graph we can “ abstractly ” see what the function ConvertToString does .
Code path searching
One of the most typical tasks when looking for vulnerabilities is to find a code path between data entry points ( functions where you can insert data ) and some target functions ( vulnerable ones ) .
With MyNav we can search automatically for code paths between 2 functions with just a few clicks .
For example , continuing with the Windows calculator , we will search code paths from “ WinMain ” and “ EverythingResettingNumberSetup ” so , select Edit -> Plugins ->MyNav –
Show code paths between 2 functions .
A dialog box showing all the binary ’s functions will be shown :
In this dialog box select the starting point ( WinMain ) and click OK , the same dialog will appear again asking for the target function , select “ EverythingResettingNumberSetup ” and click OK .
The following graph will appear :
** Differential debugging usage example : notepad
**
In this example we will discover and analyze the code responsible for opening a file in notepad .
Run IDA
Pro and open the notepad.exe binary .
Wait until the initial analysis finishes and , after it , run the script mynav.py in IDA .
A lot of new menus will be added under Edit -> Plugins as shown bellow :
Now , select a debugger from the debugger dropdown list and select from Edit -> Plugins menu the option called “ MyNav – New session ” .
A dialog box asking for a session ’s name will appear .
Enter a meaningfull name like “ GuiNoise ” or something like this as we will be recording the code responsible of GUI painting , uninteresting for our goal ( discover the code executed when we open a file inside notepad ) .
Press OK and a message box saying that there is no breakpoint set will appear .
Answer “ Yes ” and MyNav will set a breakpoint in every function and start the debuggger .
While the application is running move the window , minimize , maximize , restore it , popup the contextual menus and close the application when done .
When debugging stops , a graph showing all the executed functions will appear :
This callgraph shows all the functions executed and the relationships between them .
All the breakpoints sets in a function that was executed in this session were removed after the first hit so we will not stop again in the GUI related code .
Now , record another session , select Edit -> Plugin->
MyNav – New session and enter the name “ FileOpenDialog ” .
When the debugger starts select in notepad “ File - > Open ” and cancel the dialog box .
Select again in notepad “ File - > Open ” but this time select a file to open .
When done , close the application and the following callgraph will appear :
This time only 7 functions appeared , those responsible of showing the file open dialog box and opening the file .
The notepad .exe binary contains 88 functions and we discovered in a few seconds the interesting functions .
Now , it ’s time to discover the exact code executed when I cancel the dialog box and when I select a file to open so , select Edit -> Plugins ->
MyNav – Trace in session and a dialog box will appear showing all the recorded session .
Select the session named “ FileOpen ” in the dialog shown bellow :
[
] ( http://joxeankoret.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/active-sessions.png)
After it , the typical dialog box asking for a sessions name will appear .
Enter the name “ TraceFileOpenCancel ” , click OK and the debugger starts .
When notepad is opened , select File -> Open , cancel the dialog box and close the application .
The colored basic blocks are those executed when we cancelled the dialog box .
Now , we will trace again the same session but this time opening a file so , select Edit -> Plugins ->
MyNav – Trace in session , select the session named “ FileOpen ” and enter the name “ TraceFileOpen ” .
When debugger starts the application select File -> Open and open a file .
When done , close notepad and the following code will be shown :
The new color shows the basic blocks executed this time .
If we want , we can see the differences between the 2 sessions .
Select Edit -> Plugins ->MyNav –
Show step trace session and a dialog box showing a list of all the recorded trace sessions will appear .
Select the trace session called “ TraceFileOpenCancel ” and click OK .
Notice the change in the graph :
In about 5 minutes we discovered the functions and the instructions executed when we cancel the file open dialog box and when we open a file .
It was easy , was n’t it ? 😉
Final Notes
MyNav will be released in July 2010 and the code will be uploaded to the project page at Google Code .
Individuals with weak constitutions , young children and pregnant women may want to leave the room .
What you 're about to see is the single worst custom Corvette in history .
We present — the Dragon Vette .
Advertisement
If one were to imagine what hell looks like for Zora Arkus Duntov , the father of the Corvette , in all likelihood it would include driving this car around for eternity .
The customized ' vette was spotted in Evansville , Indiana by a forum member over at Corvette Forum and it was soon discovered that the car went from the above red , black and chrome striped vision of bad taste before the owner doubled down on the crazy and produced this :
It 's a symphony of awfulness .
Every ill - advised , groan - inducing , hack customization is here .
Spray painted stripes , taped on chrome trim , Kanji , Harley Davidson headlight visors to accentuate the tail lights , stuck on custom lettering and oh baby that dragon sculpture on the hood .
It 's breathtaking in its fearless horribleness .
Seriously , this reminds us of when we let our kid cousin try and use the Microsoft Paint - like tool on Forza to tart up in - game vehicles — except it 's real .
It 's really , really real .
Advertisement
We need a stiff drink after this one .
Also , did anyone else notice he spelled " DAGRON " wrong ?
( Thanks for the tip Alex ) [ Corvette Forum ]
Like a billion other people , I download things illegally .
I 'm also an actor , writer and director whose income depends on revenue from DVDs , movies and books .
This leads to many conflicts in my head , in my heart , and in bars .
Advertisement
From an industry standpoint , physical media has a great advantage :
It is its own copy - protection .
Even disregarding the DRM built - in to discs , to make copies is hugely impractical for the average consumer .
But physical media is disappearing .
We simply do n't need it any more .
Remember slinging out your VHS collection ?
That 's how I 'm now thinking about my DVDs .
And do n't think you 're safe either , Blu-rays .
With bandwidth and storage increasing exponentially , getting cheaper , and consumers becoming more tech - savvy , it 's becoming easier every day to grab free copies of books , movies and albums .
This is why Internet users are thrilled .
Including me .
This is why people in the entertainment industry are terrified .
Including me .
Advertisement
***
I live in London and many of my favo ( u ) rite TV shows are American .
So if I want to see the latest episode of South Park or Friday Night Lights I 'll head over to Pirate Bay or ez.tv and nab a torrent moments after broadcast .
I once even downloaded Shaun of the Dead to use in my reel , because it was easier than ripping the DVD .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Torrenting is probably too hassle -y for the average viewer : Installing Transmission , VLC , perhaps re-encoding to watch on my TV — but I 'm pretty techy ( ok , a geek ) and have been doing this for years .
However , if a show is available on iTunes — as South Park is to me now I 've set up a US iTunes account ( yet another tech hassle I had to overcome … ) — I 'll click and buy .
It 's simple , quick , better quality , not to mention legal .
It 's also cheap .
Graham Linehan ( creator of The IT Crowd ) described this situation to me as " better than free . "
Matt Stone and Trey Parker of South Park have always tolerated torrent sites hosting pirate versions of their show , as I imagine they see it as constant promotion .
Also , they 've realised there 's nothing they can do about it .
Advertisement
The promotion argument makes sense .
South Park for example makes money from from syndication , advertising , merchandising and DVD sales ( although the latter market is dwindling ) so perhaps the extra visibility helps .
The visibility argument certainly makes sense for my short - lived BBC show .
I 'm revamping my website right now and my web team asked me if I would like them to hunt down and put and end to the torrents and RapidShare links to The Peter Serafinowicz Show , which was recently released in the UK on DVD .
I said no because the show is still relatively unknown and I 'd like as many people to see it as possible .
In fact , I 've used the torrents myself when I have n't had a copy to hand .
Advertisement
Much of it is already up on YouTube .
If people like it enough they 'll want to buy , to own , the DVD , which has lots of great extra stuff , but the DVD is n't even sold in the USA .
The freely available content serves as a calling card for me , and for the other cast members and writers , hopefully enabling us to produce more hilarious stuff for the world 's discerning comedy fans .
If you know where to look , the whole contents of the DVD , extras , menus , all in super quality , are available instantly , for free .
Great !?
Except I do n't make any money , nor does anyone else involved with the show .
The PS Show started out on YouTube , with me and my brother James shooting stuff for zero dollars , using basic equipment and making it look as good as we could .
But all comedy can't be made like this .
A slick show like 30 Rock could n't exist without a huge budget to pay all the writers , actors , cameramen , production staff etc .
Who 's gonna pay these people in the future if everything is free ?
Advertisement
***
" Ownership " is starting to change its meaning .
If you buy a movie from iTunes you " own " the right to watch it on certain devices within certain constraints .
When you " own " a DVD , you have the right to watch it whenever and wherever you want .
However : you must watch ten minutes of promos , trailers and anti-piracy threats .
I 'll take the download , please .
Advertisement
But often you can't do it legally : I recently wanted to show my son Disney 's classic Jungle Book and intended to get it on iTunes .
Unfortunately , it is currently incarcerated within The Disney Vault .
So I 'm afraid I simply DL'ed a pixel - clear pirate copy which arrived in seconds .
My moral justification for this ?
I once bought the VHS .
It 's your own vault , Disney !
I recently got an iPad while I was in the US ( my Gizmodo review is coming soon ) and have been using its excellent iBooks app .
The backlit screen is n't perfect for reading , but it 's close .
I bought quite a few books but there was one in particular ( recommended to me by the comedian Tim Minchin ) that I was super keen to read : Ian McEwan 's latest , Solar .
It was n't available in the iBooks store , so I tried Amazon via its ( inferior ) Kindle app .
As I tried to check out , it told me that it was unavailable in my country ( I have a UK account ) .
Exasperated , I downloaded a pirate copy and was reading it within minutes .
My moral justification for this ?
I will now advertise the book .
" Solar is a sun-tastic read ! "
( Seriously , it 's great . )
Advertisement
I own a physical copy of Anthony Lane 's brilliant collection of New Yorker reviews , Nobody 's Perfect .
It 's a heavy read ( around 3 lbs . ) and I wanted to get a copy for my iPad .
I tracked down an ePub version of the book at the Barnes & Noble site , assuming , since iBooks also uses the format , that I could tranfer it to my iPad .
Only the iPad does n't read Adobe - encoded ebooks , not now at least .
With the help of some sympathetic
Twitter followers I then spent around ten futile hours installing Xcode and obscure Python scripts ( not the funny ones ) on two different computers in what seems to be the only method one can use to illegally decrypt Adobe ebooks .
My moral justification for this ?
I 've paid for the book twice .
Advertisement
Advertisement
***
Frank Zappa once said that Communism could never work because people like to own stuff .
I felt a similar way about CDs when music began to arrive in MP3 form .
Now , my music happily resides in my iTunes library , spread over various computers and iPods .
Advertisement
Music 's purpose is to be heard .
It does n't need to live on discs in boxes on a groaning shelf any more .
When I go into a Virgin Megastore or HMV ( a rare occurrence now , a vestigial habit ) I just see a huge room filled with redundant plastic .
Now with Spotify and other streaming services I 'm even starting to begrudge the space taken up on my hard drive .
I recently directed the music video for Hot Chip 's " I Feel Better . "
Contractually , the video had to be hosted on EMI 's official YouTube channel , which disabled non-UK users from viewing it , limiting its audience by around 80 % .
Frustrated , I put it up on my own YouTube channel with no region restrictions , and at time of writing is just shy of a million views .
EMI then remotely disabled embedding on my version , thereby limiting its audience again .
If you 're in the business of promoting a band , why would you want to stop people watching their promotional video ?
Advertisement
***
I do n't understand business , but I can see that the old model needs to change .
Perhaps it 'll involve direct micro-payments .
Perhaps you 'll pay Apple or whoever a monthly flat fee to license all their content .
Most importantly , I believe that the direct and deepening connection artists now have with their fans , be they independent bands or Hollywood talkshow hosts , will play a huge part .
But one thing is for sure : artists will always make art , and money - makers will always find a way to make money .
Advertisement
In the meantime , I 'll be suing myself for pirating my own show .
And I 'm pretty scared , because I have an amazing lawyer .
***
Peter Serafinowicz , a celebrated British writer / producer / director / actor / musician / comedian / voice model , is joining us for a few weeks to talk about the tech issues that delight , frustrate and motivate him every day .
He recently launched his Peter Serafinowicz Show DVD in the UK — also on YouTube — and will soon release his Look Around You DVD in the USA .
This fall , he will be starring with Will Arnett in a Fox sitcom created by Arrested Development 's Mitchell Hurwitz .
If you do n't already follow Peter on Twitter , you should be ashamed of yourself .
Mohammed Ajmal Amir Qasab opened fire on commuters , it is alleged An Indian court is set to deliver its verdict on the man alleged to be the sole surviving gunman of the 2008 Mumbai ( Bombay ) attacks .
Pakistani national Mohammad Ajmal Amir Qasab , 22 , faces 86 charges , including waging war on India , murder and possessing explosives .
The November attacks left 174 people dead , including nine gunmen and soured ties between India and Pakistan .
India blames Pakistan - based militants Lashkar - e - Taiba for the attacks .
After initial denials , Pakistan acknowledged that the attacks had been partially planned on its territory and that Mr Qasab was one of its citizens .
Last last year , Pakistan charged seven people in connection with the attacks , including the suspected mastermind Zaki-ur - Rehman Lakhvi , who is alleged to head Lashkar - e - Taiba .
The judge will also give his verdict on two Indian men - Fahim Ansari and Sabahuddin Ahmed - who are accused of helping the gunmen plan the attacks .
There is massive security and media presence outside the court in Mumbai and one side of the road outside has been closed to traffic , the BBC's Prachi Pinglay in Mumbai says .
Mr Qasab 's 271 - day trial was conducted in a specially - made court on the jail premises in Mumbai where he is being held for security reasons .
MAIN QASAB CHARGES
Waging war on India Murder Conspiracy to murder Destabilising the government Kidnap Robbery Smuggling and possessing illegal arms and explosives
Profile : Mumbai suspect Excerpts from confession
In all , 610 witnesses testified during the case , which began last March .
The prosecution are seeking the death penalty for Mr Qasab .
Special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam said that the prosecution wanted to also prove that Mr Qasab was " part of a larger conspiracy to create terror and destabilise the economy - planned and executed meticulously " .
" We have a water - tight case .
The evidence comprises eyewitness accounts , CCTV footage , articles collected from the boat [ in which the gunmen arrived from Karachi ] and more , " he told the BBC .
' Hostile atmosphere '
Over the past 14 months , the trial has witnessed a number of twists and turns .
Mr Qasab originally denied the charges against him but last July , in a dramatic outburst in court , he admitted his role and asked to be hanged .
His plea was not accepted and the trial continued .
TRIAL HIGHLIGHTS November 2008 : Mr Qasab arrested during attacks February 2009 : 11,000 - page chargesheet filed against Mr Qasab ; Mr Qasab confesses April 2009 : Mr Qasab retracts confession May 2009 : Mr Qasab pleads not guilty July 2009 : Mr Qasab confesses again
In November , the main lawyer representing Mr Qasab - who was arrested on the first day of the attacks - was removed from the case after the judge said he was delaying proceedings .
Abbas Kazmi has recently filed a complaint against his removal in the Mumbai high court .
" The case had international ramifications because some of the victims were foreigners .
However , for me , dealing with the hostile atmosphere was a bigger challenge .
There were threats and my own community criticised me , " Mr Kazmi said .
After initial denials , Pakistan acknowledged that Mr Qasab was one of its citizens and that the attacks had been partially planned on its territory .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Steven Moffat does n't bother waiting until the penultimate episode the season to start unpacking the mysteries of Doctor Who — episode six , " Flesh And Stone , " is full of huge twists and revelations .
But what do they mean ?
Spoilers ahead .
Advertisement
So at this point , U.K. viewers have had the advantage of seeing a couple more episodes of Doctor Who season five , but it still seems like the major turning point of the season and the biggest source of clues is " Flesh And Stone . "
So worry not — if you have n't seen " Vampires Of Venice " or " Amy 's Choice , " you wo n't be spoiled here .
The biggest mystery of the season , of course , is the crack in the universe which seems to be following the Doctor and Amy around on their travels .
It started as the crack in Amy 's wall when she was a little girl , and it seemed to be the means by which Prisoner Zero was able to escape from his Atraxi jailers .
And ever since then , in every episode , it 's appeared in a wall or a bulkhead or someplace .
It was starting to look as though the Crack would be this year 's " Bad Wolf , " turning up in the backdrop of every episode before being explained in episode 12 or 13 — but why wait ?
We get an explanation early .
Hooray !
Advertisement
So .
The Crack is indeed a crack in time .
The Doctor opens it wider in " The Eleventh Hour " using his sonic screwdriver , and he assumes it'll just close and seal itself permanently .
But instead it keeps growing and manifesting in more places .
The Weeping Angels think they can use it as a power source , much like the radiation from the crashed ship Byzantium — but they 're wrong .
( And you have to wonder if the Angels arranged for the Doctor and Amy to be there , since the Crack seems to be following them . )
Once the Crack opens wide enough , a blinding light starts spilling out — and anyone who goes near it gets erased from history , so that he or she never existed .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
I am reminded of this bit ( at about eight minutes in ) :
And now it will require a complicated space - time event to enter the Crack , thus erasing itself and closing the Crack temporarily — the Doctor would do the trick , but it turns out so would the Weeping Angels themselves .
( And yes , this is an awfully convenient solution to the story 's main problem . )
We discover that the Crack is caused by some kind of explosion — and the day it happens appears to be Amy 's wedding date , the day after the Doctor took Amy away in the TARDIS .
Does something terrible happen on that day ?
And does it have something to do with the opening of the Pandorica ?
Advertisement
We first heard about the Pandorica back in " The Eleventh Hour , " when the soon - to - be- executed Prisoner Zero warns that the Pandorica will open and silence will fall .
And now we hear about it again , when River Song says that one of the adventures they will soon share will be the opening of the Pandorica .
The Doctor reacts this time around , saying the Pandorica is just a fairy story , but apparently it is n't .
As for " silence , " fan speculation has it that 's a reference to River Song herself , since her first episode was called " Silence In The Library " — but more likely , silence is just silence .
We also learn that River Song killed someone in her past and the Doctor 's future — a hero to many , and the greatest man she 's ever known .
It certainly sounds like this refers to the Doctor , especially given the way the Doctor says " Time can be rewritten " after he hears this news .
But maybe it's a red herring ?
If this means a real death , not just a " regeneration " death , presumably this happens way , way later — since River sounds like she 's met other Doctors after the Eleventh Doctor , and they 've had loads of adventures together by the time " Flesh And Stone " happens .
If that 's the case , we wo n't get to see this storyline play out at the end of this season , but maybe I 'm misinterpreting ?
Advertisement
So Amy is possibly the most important person in the universe , for reasons having to do with the crack in time .
And it 's already becoming apparent there 's more going on with her than we 're realizing — including the mystery of the Two Doctors .
Advertisement
So you might have noticed that when Amy is in the forest , waiting with the cleric redshirts , the Doctor and River leave to go to the flight deck .
But then the Doctor reappears a moment later , to have a private chat with Amy — and this time he 's suddenly wearing his jacket , which he lost earlier and does n't have the next time we see him .
And he 's very keen that Amy trust him , and that she remember what he told her when she was seven .
So what did the Doctor tell Amy when she was seven ?
We have to assume it was n't something about fish custard .
There 's rampant speculation that this jacket - wearing Doctor is from the future , and he also pays a visit to Young Amy , around the time she 's waiting for him to return at the start of " The Eleventh Hour . "
When Young Amy is waiting for the Doctor to show up , we see a shadow pass her window , and it could be the future Doctor arriving .
Also ,
Amy has a dream of her younger self waiting for the Doctor to return , and he does — but is this a dream , or a suppressed memory ?
Advertisement
Other bits of mystery / fan speculation :
Why are there no ducks in the duck pond at Leadworth ?
Did something scare the ducks away ?
Were they eaten by the Crack ?
Advertisement
Is there a third floor in Amy 's house ?
There appears to be a staircase leading up from the second floor , but we never see what 's up there .
What happened to Amy's Aunt ?
We never see her .
Why does n't Amy remember the Daleks invading Earth ?
And why does nobody remember the Cyber - King striding across Victorian London ?
Is this an alternate universe ?
Has time been rewritten ?
Is there a perception filter ?
Advertisement
In " The Eleventh Hour , " the Doctor nearly crashes into Big Ben and it's 9:15 PM .
And when he arrives in Amy 's garden , it 's 8:30 .
Did he travel back in time slightly ?
Or sideways ?
Also ,
Amy seems to fiddle with some controls when she first enters the TARDIS in " The Eleventh Hour . "
And the Doctor turns off the screen when she comes in , apparently so Amy wo n't see the crack being displayed .
Advertisement
There 's also other odd evidence that this is a different universe .
Eagle - eyed reader John Chrisopher Jones writes to us that something seemed wrong in the opening episode :
The first few seconds of " The Eleventh Hour " - that is , between 0:00:00 and 0:00:05 — struck me as weird .
It 's quick pan across the Earth - Moon system and then quickly dives into the Doctor flying over London hanging from his box .
What struck me as odd was the tilt of the Earth .
I did n't get it at the time , because I thought it was just a creative angle , coming in with a sort of " downward " angle and arcing like we 're watching a plane fly from New York to London .
But something struck me as odd about the orientation .
Either they 're taking artistic license with the proximity , size , and appearance of the moon to get a nice shot , or the Earth - Moon system is seriously off axis .
What we see on the moon does n't look like the near side or the far side of the moon .
Either the moon is in half - moon position and we should see " lakes " on the left and craters on the right , or it 's somewhere approaching aphelion , and it should look a lot like our moon .
It does n't .
That makes this whole thing sketchy .
We 're diving in on the earth from a weird perspective .
If we 've just come off the lunar orbital plane , then the Earth is wildly tilted .
Florida is south of Texas .
The East Coast is east of Florida .
Mexico is NNW of Florida .
Washington State and Florida are in the same time zone .
When we dive into London , we do so by flying due east and dive into the equator .
There are no glaciers in northern Canada .
It might just be a CGI mixup , but it gave me a sense of vertigo that had nothing to do with the camera work .
My theory is that if the Earth - Moon system was set up as intended , then the Doctor is in some sort of either alternate or highly altered universe , where Earth 's rotational axis is different , or the moon itself is different .
That 's not our moon .
Advertisement
So either it 's another universe , or time is being re-written somehow .
And yet , " Victory Of The Daleks " clearly seems to take place in " our " universe .
Winston Churchill knows the Doctor from previous encounters , and so do the Daleks .
And the Daleks are clearly the altered ones from the Russell T. Davies timeline , with the mongrel DNA and the modified casings and so on .
Advertisement
So let 's summarize :
There 's a crack in time , and history is being rewritten or forgotten , and somehow it revolves around Amy and her strange house and her weird picture - postcard town , where the duck pond has no ducks .
The whole mess culminates on Amy 's wedding day , and I 'm just guessing we 're going to see that event around the same time that the Pandorica opens — around the end of the season .
Does the Pandorica cause the explosion in space / time ?
Is the Doctor traveling back through his own timeline , braving the Blinovitch Limitation Effect , to " sort Amy out " before it 's too late ?
I guess we 'll find out in a month and a half .
Advertisement
Generally , if you could get past the slightly convenient solution to the two huge problems the Doctor faced this time around , " Flesh And Stone " was a fantastic , mind - boggling episode .
River Song continues to be intriguing and stylish , and I 'm liking her more and more .
It would be nice if River had some mysteries that did n't revolve around her relationship with the Doctor , but the character is fantastically well written and Alex Kingston is making an indelible impression .
Iain Glen is absolutely brilliant as Father Octavian , especially the " You know me at my best " line , which is easily a top candidate for the best final words any character ever got to say .
Advertisement
Poor Amy — she 's stuck counting down to her own death , and she nearly snuffs it , and then she 's stuck for half the episode with her eyes shut as terrifying things are happening all around her .
And THEN she has to walk through the artificial forest with her eyes shut , pretending she can see .
!!!
Advertisement
The Weeping Angels are at their most menacing and terrifying this time around — and yet , I 'm going to have to say I hope this is the last we see of them .
They were amazing as a one - off villain in " Blink , " and I was n't sure if Moffat could make them work a second time .
He clearly does , but he also exposes many of their limitations in the process .
They can't really communicate , unless they do something gimmicky like stealing Sacred Bob 's voice .
And their central idea — that they move like lightning when you can't see them — runs into some severe limitations in this episode .
There are several moments when nobody is looking at them , and they do n't seem to get up to much .
( In the flight deck scene where they 've got the Doctor 's jacket , he 's not looking at them , and they should be able to wipe him out . )
Also , perversely , trying to add to the Angels ' power means that they need to have more limitations — now they can come out of video screens and take people over via their eyes , but on the other hand , they can't tell if you 're really looking at them , or just pretending .
Advertisement
I think the Weeping Angels were fantastic in this episode , even better than they were in " Blink " — but I also think that this might have to be their swansong , since the more we see of them and learn about them , the less they 're going to work .
But Moffat 's already done the impossible many times , so who knows ?
What did you think of " Flesh And Stone " ?
And what do you think is going on this season ?
Did you know Motorola has a Labs team that does cool things and then blogs about them ?
They 're pretty cool like that .
Correction : interesting piece of trivia - did you know MOTO Labs actually has nothing to do with Motorola ?
With a name like MOTO , one could think … well never mind , I apologize for the mistake .
The Finger Test
For example , in January they tested the screens on 4 flagship mobile phones by swiping a finger across the screen in a drawing app and recording the resulting patterns , complete with photos and a video .
The phones in the first test were :
Apple iPhone
HTC Droid Eris
Motorola Droid
Google Nexus One
The iPhone won with the straightest lines ( no surprise here - the iPhone screen feels like butter ) , Eris and N1 were * kind of * accurate and the Motorola Droid was the most inaccurate .
By the way , you guys got balls reviewing your own product a product from a company with a name that can be easily confused for your own and finding it sucks the most out of the whole group .
Here are the finger test results :
Fingers ?
Pshh - So Inaccurate - Let The Robot Do it
OK , said MOTO and instructed a local robot ( what , you do n't have robots hanging around your place ?
Weak . ) to perform exactly the same tests , except this time using its robotic fingers and more phones .
The phones in this second test were :
Apple iPhone
HTC Droid Eris
Motorola Droid
Google Nexus One
Palm Pre
Blackberry Storm 2
The robot confirmed , yet again , that the iPhone 's screen rocks the socks off all other phones .
Nexus One and Eris were still sharing the 2nd place while the Droid , Pre , and Storm 2 were quite mediocre , especially to the light touch .
I can definitely attest to that with the Pre and Droid .
Here are the actual results of the second test :
And finally if you want to see how they did it ( and I recommend you do because the video is done quite nicely ) , proceed to the video below :
Here is the extended video version of Drake ’s second single Find Your Love from his debut album Thank Me Later , which premiered today on MTV and his blog .
The video which was shot in Jamaica , shows Drake falling head over heels in love with a girl who turns out to have some very dangerous connections .
If you were wondering by the way , the girl ’s name is Maliah Michel .
By Cynthya BrianKate
For two decades the federal government funded a brainwashing project to keep children from “ acting queer . ”
This collaboration between ant - LGBTI ( Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , transgender , Intersex ) psychologists and “ religious right ” leaders , known as the Feminine Boy Project laid groundwork for current psychiatric abuses against transgender and gender - nonconforming people .
This was funded by National Institute of Mental Health ( NIMH ) from 1972 - 1986 .
The original stated grant goals were “ treatment of prehomosexuality , ” the idea that if children were kept from stepping outside gender stereotypes they would n’t turn out gay .
When homosexuality was removed from the DSM ( Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders ) in the mid-1970s , this became “ treatment of pretranssexuality , ” conflating gender identity with sexuality , based in biased assumptions that anything other than stereotypical gender and heterosexuality were wrong .
Children were declared “ pathological ” for behavior like boys playing with dolls , wearing dresses or helping in the kitchen , or girls climbing trees , playing with boys ’ toys or wearing boy clothes .
Here are some of the main people involved in the Feminine Boy Project .
Richard Green is a colleague of John Money , who instituted the “ Money protocols ” mandating unnecessary , nonconsensual genital surgeries on intersex children to make them “ fit in ” after forcing David Reimer to live as a girl ( this was the infamous “ John / Joan experiment ” ) , until Reimer changed back to male before killing himself .
During this “ experiment ” Green co-wrote Transsexualism and Sex Reassignment with Money .
Green has made a career pathologizing LGBTI people , including inflammatory comments like his 1995 Dateline remark “ plays with Barbies at five , sleeps with men at twenty - five . ”
While head of the now - closed Human Sexuality branch of Stony Brook University ’s psychology department he got NIMH to approve nearly $ 1 million for the Project .
George Rekers belongs to several anti-gay fundamentalist groups , such as Family Research Council , which he co-founded and used to publish his essay “ Gender Identity Disorder . ”
Until recently he was “ scientific advisor ” to NARTH ( National Association for the Research and Therapy of Homosexuality ) , which claims to “ cure ” gays despite the American Psychiatric Association ( APA ) ’s condemning “ reparative therapy . ”
In 2004 he served as an “ expert witness ” in favor of Arkansas banning gay people adopting children , as he did in 2008 in Florida .
Unknown then was that Rekers ’ was an apparently latent gay man ( see below ) who adopted / fostered four children , while keeping openly - gay couples from doing likewise .
He testified in absentia through two witnesses in favor of California ’s now - overturned Prop. 8 ban on same - sex marriage .
Rekers ’ “ evidence ” in the Prop. 8 hearings has been discredited , along with his witnesses , David Blankenhorn and Hack - Shing William Tam .
Blankenhorn is president of Institute for American Values and published a book called The Future of Marriage , where he outlined a sensationalistic list of harmful consequences of same - sex marriage ; he now admits this list was arrived at through “ a group ‘ thought experiment ’ where “ an idea was written down if someone suggested it . ”
In May 2010 New York Times columnist Frank Rich linked Blankenhorn to Rekers .
Blankenhorn denied any connection to Rekers but a month later wrote to the Times that he had consulted Rekers ’ work in his Prop. 8testimony .
Hack - Shing William Tam is secretary of America Return to God Prayer Movement , which operates anti-same - sex marriage website One Man , One Woman.net .
Tam called gay people “ 12 times more likely to molest children as heterosexuals ” and claimed if “ gay marriage is permitted .. states would fall one by one into Satan ’s hands . ”
Tam admits NARTH is his information source on homosexuality because he “ believes in what they say ” and the Internet was the source for his claim same - sex marriage “ would lead to polygamy and incest . ”
On March 31 , 2010 Rekers sent a letter to every school superintendent in America through a fundamentalist group called American College of Pediatrics , which hopes to be confused with the American Academy of Pediatrics , where Rekers said “ there is no proof that a child is born gay or transgendered . ”
In May 2010 the Miami New Times broke the story that Rekers had been caught in a gay sex scandal with young men from gay sex - worker website Rentboy.com .
This scandal has had legs ; at least one other young male prostitute has come forward as having been with Rekers .
Since then Rekers has stepped down from NARTH .
Visitors to his “ Professorgeorge.com ” website now see his attempts to deny the scandal , and , may still see a now - disabled link to a website Rekers endorsed called “ Teen Sex Today , ” which makes the fact that he adopted and fostered children even more disturbing .
Green and Rekers worked on the Feminine Boy Project with doctors like Susan Coates , behaviorists like O. Ivor Lovaas and David Barlow and had staff of several institutions at their disposal .
Several institutions were used to justify funding and brainwash children .
Fuller Theological Seminary is an Evangelical Christian college .
In his book Stranger At the Gate Mel White says while a student at Fuller he was introduced to Billy Graham and Jerry Falwell and asked to ghost - write their autobiographies .
Rekers used Fuller to get funding for the Project and justify his involvement in it ..
Rekers also used Logos Research Institute for the same purpose .
Logos is a “ religious - right ” think - tank promoting fundamentalist “ science .
” Currently a group named Logos , which may be the same group , is funding actor Kirk Cameron and Ray Comfort ( known as YouTube ’s “ Banana Guy ” for claiming bananas disprove evolution ) ’s edited edition of Darwin ’s Origin of Species .
Green used Stony Brook University to get most of the NIMH grants and do most of the clerical , statical and administrative work of this “ Study ” and most of the brainwashings went on at UCLA , though others are said to have happened at New York City ’s St. Luke ’s Research Hospital ’s Childhood Gender Identity Unit .
The NIMH grants archived in pgs. 257-258 of Phyllis Burke ’s book Gender Shock allege this last was connected with a grant to Roosevelt Institute .
Green and Rekers called for patients through mental health practitioners who knew of prepubescent children who did n’t obey gender stereotypes , mainly feminine boys , though there were some masculine girls .
Some were referred by school authorities for gender nonconformity , some brought in by parents .
Children were diagnosed using pseudoscientific “ Gender tests ” including the “ Barlow Gender - Specific Motor Test , ” using stereotypes to “ measure ” gender identity by whether children sit / stand / move like boys or girls “ should . ”
Diagnosed with “ pathological gender development , ” they ’d be recommended for invasive behavior modification , including placement in special playrooms , repeatedly coached to choose gender - stereotypical toys with staff spying through mirrors .
Behaviorists like Shasta Mead directly interacted with children ; slowly gaining trust to reinforce stereotypical behavior , repeatedly suggesting they ’d rather wear or play with the “ right ” items .
Children were made to wear wrist counters to monitor whenever they thought about playing with the “ wrong ” toys .
Rewards and demerits were issued for “ right ” and “ wrong ” choices .
Parents were enlisted to police childrens ’ choices , throw out toys , force boys out of the kitchen and “ steering ” children more toward stereotypical choices at home as well as in the facility .
This would go on until the child was declared “ cured . ”
This Project was declared “ successful ” though it succeeded only in traumatizing children .
“ Becky ” was declared “ successfully cured ” because the eight - year - old saw a male orderly old enough to be her father as her “ boyfriend . ”
The Project ’s “ poster child , ” referred to as “ Kraig ” by Rekers and as “ Kyle ” by Green , committed suicide in 2003 .
As of June 2011 Kirk Murphy ’s family have come forward to tell his story , how his treatment as a youth in the Project led to his suicide and that his life was a human life and “ not just a science experiment . ”
The Murphy family have come forward on CNN on Anderson cooper ’s AC350 show in a series of segments titled “ The Sissy Boy Experiment : : Exposing the Truth . ”
This series , along with the Box Turtle Bulletin blog article “ What Are Little Boys Made Of ? , ” both articles actually name and describe the Feminine Boy Project , spell out the “ reparative therapy ” methods used in explicit detail , and outright name both UCLA and Stony Brook as having actively participated in the Project .
A Project survivor has recently written a play called “ The Blue Dress . ”
This play is a true - life memoir piece written to dramatize and document the abuses children suffered under the name of treatment .
None of this stopped expansion of “ Gender Identity Disorder ” ( GID ) and “ Gender Identity Disorder of Childhood ” ( GIDc ) to pathologize transgender / gender - nonconforming people , no matter how emotionally healthy .
The DSM - IV guidelines even specify boys playing with Barbie as a “ symptom . ”
Stony Brook ’s administration denies
Green ever taught there , despite the NIMH grants archived in Gender Shock and Green thanking his Stony Brook staff in his book The “ Sissy Boy ” Syndrome , with several still working there today .
Both books can be found in that university ’s library .
In 1980 Dylan Scholinski , a young transgender man then named Daphne , was incarcerated in psychiatric institutions for years under “ Gender Identity Disorder . ”
His memoir The Last Time I Wore A Dress shows his school reported him to psychiatrists , diagnosed using the Barlow Gender Motor Test and given “ treatment ” which included forced makeovers .
In 2000 a six - year - old child was removed from loving parents who were seen as “ exacerbating a mental disorder . ”
The “ disorder ? ” Aurora Lipscomb told her parents she was not a boy but was a girl , and her parents supported her decision to live as a girl .
Because her parents “ exacerbated ” her “ gender identity disorder ” the court took Aurora from loving parents and put her in a household where for two years she was forced to live as a Christian boy rather than a Jewish girl .
She is out of that home and healing from the experience , which she should have never had to go through .
Currently there ’s a push to rewrite the DSM to make it even more pathological toward transgender , gender - nonconforming and intersex people .
These changes were proposed by Ken Zucker and Ray Blanchard .
Zucker ’s been pathologizing LGBTI people for many years .
He has run Clarke Gender Institute , this institution ’s handling of transgender and intersex have so angered both communities that some activists call it “ Jurassic Clarke ” .
Zucker was an expert in the Lipscomb case and recommended the court take Aurora from her family .
While Zucker is not part of NARTH , he lets them cite his work and quote him in their literature .
Blanchard is a colleague of J. Michael Bailey .
Bailey is author of the racist , LGBTI - phobic book The Man Who Would Be Queen , and has advocated for selective abortion of “ gay babies . ”
Blanchard helped popularize some of the discredited gender theories , including the debunked theory of Autogynephilia , on which Bailey based his book .
Bailey has also gained notoriety by working with eugenicists like Alice Dreger to promote the reuse of toxic and outdated terms such as DSD , , or Disorders of Sex Development , in place of Intersex .
Dreger has made a career for herself by exploiting and pathologizing entire populations , including gay , transgender and intersex people , as well as disabled people .
Though she ’s not intersex she ran the now - closed Intersex Society North America ( ISNA ) for several years and under her leadership the group became a DSD promoter .
In 2007 she presented a bioethics lecture titled “ Should we attenuate the growth of children with disabilities ? ”
Dreger has on many occasions defended Bailey ’s racism , sexism and transphobia , even threatening transgender feminist scholar Joelle Ruby Ryan ’s career when Ryan organized a panel about Bailey ’s prejudice called “ The Bailey Brouhaha ” at the National Womens ’ Studies Association ) NWSA ) conference in 2008 .
While Blanchard is not directly connected to Dreger , he is a colleague of Bailey .
Both Bailey and Blanchard belong to a eugenicist think - tank called Human Biodiversity Institute , whose membership includes the author of The Bell Curve , which claimed African - Americans were intellectually inferior , and the founder and many members of virulently anti-immigrant group VDARE .
Some call this kind of retread of old hatreds of difference as “ Newgenics ” .
The proposed changes include renaming GID “ Gender Incongruity Disorder , ” putting anyone who in any way steps outside gender stereotypes at risk for being declared mentally disordered , not only transgender people but also possibly gay , lesbian and bisexual people , as well as feminine men and masculine women .
These also include adding intersex to the list of gender disorders , which makes no sense as intersex is a physical variation , being biologically in between male and female , having nothing to do with mental health .
In addition to the APA some of these people , including Zucker and Green , , are actively involved and in power in other organizations whose decisions impact peoples ’ lives in terms of gender .
In June 2010 the World Professional Association for Transgender Health ( WPATH , formerly Harry Benjamin International Gender Dysphoria Association , or HBIGDA ) issued a press release claiming to advocate “ de-psychopathologisation of gender variance worldwide . ”
This sounds quite progressive , unless you know the truth about WPATH ’s record on gender .
WPATH ’s past presidents include Richard Green , and Ray Blanchard was a board member until resigning in 2003 .
Ken Zucker sits on two of their committees , as do several of his colleagues , such as Heino Meyer - Bahlburg .
Meyer - Bahlburg is seen by many as homophobic , transphobic , misogynist and trying to “ prevent homosexuality . ”
WPATH ’s Standards Of Care ( SOC ) , their guidelines for people seeking medical gender transition , such as hormones and / or SRS ( Sex Reassignment Surgery ) uphold DSM - IV .
The SOC reiterates DSM - IV ’s pathologization of gender nonconformity as GID ( Gender Identity Disorder ) .
WPATH ’s SOC Committee includes Ken Zucker , as well as Randi Ettner ..
In her book Confessions of a Gender Defender Ettner describes transgender people using phrases like “ zombie , ” “ overstuffed sausage casing ” and “ the transie from hell … looked about to murder me in the August heat . ”
The WPATH press release claims to address “ The psychopathologlisation of gender characteristics and identities reinforces or can prompt stigma , making prejudice and discrimination more likely , rendering transgender and transsexual people more vulnerable to social and legal marginalisation and exclusion , and increasing risks to mental and physical well - being ” yet intersex people are not mentioned at all in this document .
WPATH still pathologizes intersex people , and does not even call intersex people intersex .
Instead , WPATH has an actual Committee dedicated to continuing the use of DSD , even though that term is proven to be harmful and stigmatizing to intersex people , and a product of the new eugenics .
WPATH ’s “ Disorders of Sex Development ” Committee includes both Zucker and Meyer - Bahlburg .
WPATH is also partnering with GLMA ( Gay - Lesbian Medical Association ) with their conferences in 2011 overlapping with each other .
In 2006 GLMA worked with groups like the ISNA to use DSD to refer to intersex people .
In 2005 GLMA allowed ISNA to stage a mini-conference inside their San Francisco conference to help push DSD , and both groups co-wrote literature to popularize DSD .
In 2005 GLMA and ISNA held a similar conference in Chicago which helped to publicize the work of a group calling themselves the “ Consensus Group ” which was a “ consensus ” of several non-intersex medical groups , without the participation or even the knowledge of the intersex community .
The participants in this group included several members of WPATH , including Ken Zucker , Heino Meyer - Bahlburg and Richard Green .
Also involved was ISNA founder Cheryl Chase , who has since come forward as actually having been pro-DSD activist Bo Laurent from the very founding of that group .
This “ Consensus Group ” drafted a document called the “ Consensus Statement on the Management of Disorders of Sex Development . ”
Their idea of “ management ” goes an entire order of magnitude worse than the Money Protocols , which urged forcing unnecessary surgery on intersex babies before two years old ; the Consensus Statement urges such surgery at two months old .
So long as WPATH has people like Zucker , Meyer - Bahlburg and Ettner in leadership positions , calls intersex people “ Disorders of Sex Development ” and upholds the DSM stance on gender nonconformity , any claims that they affirm all peoples ’ rights to gender expression ring quite hollow .
I ’d recommend people demand that WPATH stop pathologizing intersex , transgender and gender - nonconforming people , , and to tell people who may not know better what ’s really underneath that press release until WPATH actually lives up to their claims about supporting everyones ’ right to free gender expression .
The APA has closed the period for public comment on their website at www.dsm5.org/Pages/Default.aspx as of summer 2010 , but I ’d still recommend writing to them there and I certainly recommend writing them at apa@psych.org to let them know how you feel .
I ’d urge them they to distance themselves from Zucker and Blanchard and would point out Zucker ’s guilt by association by letting people like Rekers use his work to justify their hypocrisy and their violation of APA rules against “ Reparative therapy . ”
I ’m hoping we can make it clear to the APA that we do n’t want them to put these changes through .
Sources , Additional Information and Proof :
1 ) Archives of Disease in Childhood ac98319 Module 2 , 5/4/06 , www.medhelp.org/ais/PDFs/Chicago-Consensus-Statement-06.pdf
2 ) Aurora Lipscomb archive , www.mermaids.freeuk.com/aurora1.html
3 ) Beirich , Heidi , and Moser , Bob , “ Queer Science , ” Southern Poverty Law Center Intelligence Report , www.splcenter.org/intel/intelreport/article.jsp?sid=96
4 ) Bullock , Penn and Thorp , Brandon K. , , “ Christian Right Leader George Rekers Takes Vacation with ‘ rent boy ’ , ” Miami New Times 5/6/10 , www.miaminewtimes.com/2010-05-06/news/christian-right-leader-george-rekers-takes-vacation-with-rent-boy/
5 ) Burke , Phyllis , Gender Shock : Exploding Myths of Male and Female , Anchor Books 1997
6 ) Burroway , Jim , “ What Are Little Boys Made Of ? ” in Box Turtle Bulletin News , June 2011 , .
http://www.boxturtlebulletin.com/what-are-little-boys-made-of2
7 ) Colapinto , John , with Reimer , David , As Nature Made Him : The Boy Who Was Raised as a Girl , Harper Books , 2000
8 ) Colbert , Steven , on George Rekers ’ “ rent boy ” scandal , video clip at http://blogs.miaminewtimes.com/riptide/2010/05/video_stephen_colbert_names_ge.php
9 ) Conover , Pat , Transgender Good News , New Wineskins Press 2002
10 ) Conway , Lynn , “ Ray Blanchard Resigns from HBIGDA In a Huff ! ” http://ai.eecs.umich.edu/people/conway/TS/BaileyAssociates/BlanchardResigns.html
11 ) Conway , Lynn , “ J. Michael Bailey ’s statements about wanting to abort ‘ gay babies , ” http://ai.eecs.umich.edu/people/conway/TS/Bailey/HBES/Bailey%20on%20homosexuality.htm
12 ) Cooper , Anderson , AC360 .
Blogger speaks out on ‘ ex - gay ’ movement , June 2011 , http://ac360.blogs.cnn.com/2011/06/15/ac360-follow-blogger-speaks-out-on-ex-gay-movement/
13 ) Cooper , Anderson , AC360 : The ‘ Sissy Boy ’ Experiment : Uncovering the Truth , June 2011 , http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-irAT0viF0
14 ) Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders DSM-IV -TR ( Text Revision ) , American Psychiatric Association
15 ) DSM -V Committee feedback link , www.dsm5.org/Pages/Default.aspx
16 ) Ettner , Randi , Confessions of a Gender Defender , Spectrum Press 1996
17 ) Exposing Junk Science About Same - Sex Behavior , http://blog.ejsssb.org/category/george-rekers/
18 ) Green , Richard , The “ Sissy Boy ” Syndrome and the Formation of Adult Homosexuality , Yale University Press 1987
19 ) Green , Richard , and Money , John , Transsexualism and Sex Reassignment , Johns Hopkins Press 1969
20 ) Intersex Society North America , DSD Symposium at the 2006 San Francesco GLMA Conference , www.isna.org/dsdsymposium20066
21 ) “ Kirk Cameron ’s ‘ Origin Of Species ’ Plan : Ex-Actor To Distribute 50,000 Altered Darwin Books , ” www.huffingtonpost.com/2009/09/22/kirk-camerons-origin-of-s_n_294349.html
22 ) Maddow , Rachel , “ Rachel Maddow Reports on George Rekers Rentboy.com Vacation , ” Youtube clip at www.youtube.com/watch?v=skXMv5vsFpE
23 ) Maddow , Rachel , on connections between George Rekers , David Blankenhorn and Hack - Shing William Tam , found as Youtube clip at www.youtube.com/watch?v=cu56T_AirsM
24 ) Organisation Intersex International , “ Alice Dreger : Disorders of Sex Development ” www.intersexualite.org/AliceDreger.html
25 ) Organisation Intersex International , “ Alice Dreger Played Intersex People a Nasty Trick for Halloween , ” www.intersexualite.org/Dreger_Halloween.html
26 ) Organisation Intersex International , “ Alice Dreger : the Unethical Ethicist ? ” www.intersexualite.org/Alice_Dreger_ethics.html
27 ) Organisation Intersex International , , “ Cheryl Chase and Disorders of Sex Development ( DSD ) , ” http://oii-usa.blogspot.com/2006/10/cheryl-chase-and-disorders-of-sex.html
28 ) Organisation Intersex International , DSD Fact Sheet , www.intersexualite.org/DSD_Activists.html
29 ) Organisation Intersex International , “ Would the real Cheryl Chase , Bo Laurent , Charlie Chase , Brian Sullivan , Bonnie Sullivan please stand up ? ” www.intersexualite.org/Cheryl_Chase.html
30 ) Petition , “ Objection to DSM - V Committee Members on Gender Identity Disorders . ” www.thepetitionsite.com/2/objection-to-dsm-v-committee-members-on-gender-identity-disorders
31 ) Preventing Homosexuality & Non-Comforming Women : When Science & Medicine Go Astray ( a criticism of Heino Meyer - Bahlburg ) www.afterthree.net/tag/gender/
32 ) Proposed DSM - V Revisions , www.dsm5.org/ProposedRevisions/Pages/proposedrevision.aspx?rid=192
33 ) Rekers , George , “ Gender identity Disorders , ” Family Research Council of America 1985
34 ) Ryan , Joelle Ruby , Appeal to community about threats by Alice Dreger , http://ai.eecs.umich.edu/people/conway/TS/Dreger/ASB%20paper/NWSA%20panel/Academic_Attack_Against_Transwoman_by_Alice_Dreger.html
35 ) Ryan , Joelle Ruby , panel host , “ The Bailey Brouhaha ” at the 2008 National Womens ’ Studies Association ( NWSA ) conference , entire panel on Youtube at www.youtube.com/watch?v=gMJAK_IqQa4
36 ) Scholinski , Daphne , , The Last Time I Wore A Dress , Riverhead Trade 1998
37 ) Serano , Julia , Whipping Girl : A Transsexual Woman on Sexism and the Scapegoating of Femininity , Seal Press 2007
38 ) TG Crossroads article archive of Ken Zucker ’s pathologizing LGBTI people , www.tsroadmap.com/info/kenneth-zucker.html
39 ) “ The Blue Dress ” ( play written by a survivor of the Feminine Boy Project ) , www.jweekly.com/article/full/22941/boy-in-a-blue-dress/
40 ) TS Roadmap archive on Ray Blanchard , www.tsroadmap.com/info/ray-blanchard.html
41 ) TS Roadmap archive of transgender criticism of J. Michael Bailey , www.tsroadmap.com/bailey/
42 ) University of Michigan Bioethics Grand Rounds Speakers ’ series , “ Should We Attenuate the Growth of Children with Disabilities ?
Looking at Ashley in a Broader Context , ” lecture by Alice Dreger .
10?31/07 , www.med.umich.edu/adultethics/2007.htm
43 ) White , Mel , Stranger at the Gate : To Be Gay and Christian In America , Plume Books 1995
44 ) Wilkinson , Stephanie , “ Drop the Barbie ! : If You Bend Gender Far Enough , Does It Break ? ” , Brain , child the magazine for thinking mothers , 2001 , www.brainchildmag.com/essays/fall2001_wilkinson.htm
45 ) World Professional Association for Transgender Health ( WPATH ) , www.wpath.org
46 ) WPATH June 2010 Press Release , www.wpath.org/publications_public_policy.cfm
WPATH , Past Presidents List , www.wpath.org/documents/WPATH%20BOD%20Terms%20List%205-7-09.
Washington ( CNN ) -- The U.S. House and a Senate committee approved amendments to a military bill Thursday that would repeal the " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy barring openly gay and lesbian soldiers from military service , but only after some conditions are met .
The Senate Armed Services Committee voted 16 - 12 to approve compromise language on the repeal in an amendment to the military policy bill .
The panel then voted 18 - 10 to send the bill to the full Senate .
In the House , the chamber voted 234-194 to add the amendment to its version of the defense policy bill .
A final vote on the full bill was expected Friday .
President Obama praised the votes .
" I am pleased that both the House of Representatives and the Senate Armed Services Committee took important bipartisan steps toward repeal tonight , " Obama said in a statement .
" This legislation will help make our Armed Forces even stronger and more inclusive by allowing gay and lesbian soldiers to serve honestly and with integrity . "
The Human Rights Campaign , which advocates for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender rights , called it the first time since the " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy came into effect during the Clinton administration that any congressional body voted to repeal it .
" This is the beginning of the end of a shameful ban on open service by lesbian and gay troops that has weakened our national security , " said Human Rights Campaign President Joe Solmonese .
The Senate committee 's vote on the amendment was mostly partisan , with 15 Democrats and one Republican -- Sen. Susan Collins of Maine -- supporting the compromise repeal language .
The House vote also was along largely partisan lines , with 229 Democrats and five Republicans supporting the repeal amendment , while 168 Republicans and 26 Democrats opposed it .
Under the compromise , the repeal would occur after a military review of the matter and subsequent approval by Obama , the defense secretary and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
Opponents of the repeal language said the military should first carry out the review ordered by Defense Secretary Robert Gates that is scheduled to be completed in December .
Only then would military leaders have the necessary information from force members to develop a plan for carrying out the repeal , according to the opponents .
" I see no reason to pre-empt the process that our senior Defense Department leaders put into motion , and I am concerned that many members of the military would view such a move as disrespectful to the importance of their roles in this process , " said Sen.
Jim Webb , D - Virginia , who voted against the amendment .
A recent CNN poll seemed to suggest that Americans were ready for the change .
The CNN / Opinion Research Corp. survey released Tuesday indicated that 78 percent of the public supports allowing openly gay people to serve in the military , with one in five opposed .
The compromise worked gave time for the military to complete its review of the planned repeal , as sought by Gates and the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
Gates and Adm. Mike Mullen , the Joint Chiefs chairman , both said this week they could accept the compromise language .
Supporters of repealing the policy have been pressuring congressional Democrats to act now , fearing the party will lose its House or Senate majority in November 's midterm election and be unable to pass the measure then .
The compromise emerged late Monday from a meeting at the White House involving administration officials , gay rights groups and Pentagon officials , sources said .
i Report : How might a repeal affect you ?
There were also talks on Capitol Hill involving White House lawyers , Pentagon officials and staff from the offices of influential House and Senate Democrats including House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , the sources added .
A senior U.S. military official with direct knowledge of the review process said it was well under way , with a survey going out shortly to about 70,000 troops and families to solicit their views .
In addition , the official said , town hall meetings already have been held around the country and more are expected , while a website provides a place for troops to write in their views .
The military needs until the end of 2010 to figure out how to implement the repeal in terms of housing , medical and marriage benefits , as well as issues involving the reinstatement of gay soldiers previously discharged under the policy , the official said .
A major problem might be determining how to reconcile the repeal of " do n't ask , do n't tell " with federal law that defines marriage as between a man a woman , the official added .
CNN 's Ted Barrett and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .
Scientists at the Cabrillo Marine Aquarium found a cute deep - water squid that looks like a fat little cartoon piggie :
Piglet Squid , Helicocranchia pfefferi :
This funny looking squid is about the size of a small avocado and can be found most commonly in the deepwater ( greater than 100 m or 320 ft ) of virtually all oceans .
Its habit of filling up with water and the funny location of its siphone with a wild - looking ' tuft ' of eight arms and two tentacles had prompted scientists to name it the piglet squid .
Intelligent Life online
Love and Polyamory
By Catherine Nixey
... " Finding the right partner is hard , " says Erich , a polyamorist ( who prefers not to disclose his surname ) .
" Finding the right partner whose partner is also right ... "
Erich shakes his head .
" Now that 's really hard . "
... Unconventional though it may sound , polyamory — or " many loves " — is becoming more prominent .
In America the poly - pride movement holds large rallies ; last year Britain 's first poly website was launched , and recently published poly books , such as " Open " and " The Ethical Slut " , are promoting polyamory in print ....
Polyamory is hardly common , but its adherents are seemingly multiplying .
Maxine Green , a 28 - year - old artist with pink hair , explains why she is a polyamorist .
" Monogamy just never made any sense to me , " she says .
" I just could n’t imagine being with one person forever . "
After a moment ’s thought , she says she has " two and a half " partners , including Erich ....
" It 's a bit like ice cream , " she explains .
" I love chocolate ice cream .
But I would n't want to eat nothing else for the rest of my life . "
Yet one is not usually in a position of comforting a chocolate scoop after a night out gorging on strawberry ....
... Surely such arrangements invite feelings of jealousy , or insecurity ?
" Not at all , " says Erich .
" On the contrary , I feel more secure now , because I am not defined by being one half of a couple : I am complete as myself . "
Or , as Maxine puts it : " The knowledge that my partners return to me because they want to , rather than because they know they must , gives me a wonderful boost . "
Though both concede that " Polyamory is not for everyone .
Some people can't cope with it . "
Some argue that polyamorists have a particularly healthy approach to dealing with inevitable romantic pratfalls .
" They have n't eliminated the problem of jealousy , " observes Andrew Samuels , a professor of analytical psychology .
" There are of course still difficulties within polyamorous relationships ... but they are dealing with it rather than denying it .
I have been extremely impressed by the amount of thought , care and attention that polyamorous couples expend on their relationships . "
... So convinced is Erich of the virtues of polyamory that he feels it will , one day , become the norm .
" Fifty years ago pre-marital chastity was unquestioned , " he says .
" Now it seems little more than a peculiarity .... "
... The notion of polyamory is still widely greeted with scepticism .
Joan Roughgarden , a biologist at Stanford University in Palo Alto , California , [ has ] serious reservations about the lifestyle .
" The likelihood of being able to successfully raise children in that context is very limited , " she says , " My guess is that it 's not an evolutionary advance , but a liability . "
Samuels would disagree .
" What children really need for mental well - being is love , consistency and boundaries .
The sexual behaviour of the parents has absolutely no impact on a child 's mental health , " he says .
" Indeed , if anything , the polyamorous relationships I have seen provide a more favourable environment for children because the polyamorous parents , aware of their unusual situation , think so carefully about every aspect of what they do . "
He is convinced this lifestyle is spreading .
" Polyamory is the fastest growing style of relationship , " he says ....
Well it 's a positive toned article , just a shame that so many of the quotes are incorrect or made up .
Erich most certainly never said anything about " Finding the right partner whose partner is also right ... " as that 's nothing to do with how we do poly , and just perpetuating a popular misconception , and I certainly did n't say I could n't imagine being with someone for the rest of my life - I certainly can , I just do n't see why that means I can't love more than one person at the same time .
I can see why you did it , Catherine , in an attempt to make it easier for folks to understand , but it 's just not accurate !
There is a better description of how we actually organise our relationships on my blog , emanix.livejournal.com , and here , xeromag.com/fvpoly.html ....
in Great Britain , possibly the world 's most respected newsmagazine , has a quarterly spinoff called  a " lifestyle and culture magazine " ( per its FAQ ) that 's sold in the UK , Europe , the Middle East , and Africa , though not America .
The magazine 's online version , " More Intelligent Life , " has put up a long , positive overview of polyamory as something that its supposedly upscale , savvy , trendy readers ought to know about : Read the whole article , and join in the comments .
Maxine in the article writes in the comments ,
Labels : U.K .
The Backflip ( AT&T's first Android phone ) was ambitious but ultimately not the kind of handset that competes with the Nexus One .
Leaked info on the Samsung i897 , however , implies that AT&T may be getting a pretty fantastic , unskinned Android phone .
Advertisement
The specs ?
• 4 - inch AMOLED screen
• Unskinned Android 2.1 ( hopefully no skin means it 'll be quickly updated )
• 5 - megapixel camera
• Potential 1GHz Snapdragon processor
Advertisement
Now having said all that , why would you ever be on AT&T if you were n't there for the iPhone ?
[ AndroidGuys via BGR ]
This is my first batch of beer I ever made .
I started brewing it on 1/10/2010 and I finally got to taste it for the very first time on 2/6/2010 .
I made quite a few mistakes on this batch , which I suppose is to be expected for a first time brew .
But it ended up tasting pretty good .
This was a great lesion in the home brew golden rule : Relax , do n’t worry , have a home brew .
So here ’s a rundown of the mistakes I made :
When steeping the grains ( this is a partial mash recipe ) , I let the temperature get up to 175° – 180° .
This can cause the grains to release their tannins and will make the beer bitter .
I was using a dry yeast : Safale US - 05 ( American ) – Dry Yeast ( 11.5 gram ) .
I did n’t make a starter culture for the yeast .
Instead I just poured the dry yeast into the wort .
This ended up being okay , but not doing so can cause the yeast to have a hard time getting started and can allow bacteria to take hold .
Once the yeast gets going , bacteria competes with the yeast and eventually ( hopefully ) the yeast will win out .
Luckily , I properly sanitized my equipment , so no there was n’t any indication of a bacterial presence in the beer .
I forgot to agitate the wort and introduce Oxygen into it right away .
I did do it 24 hours later , after the yeast had been pitched into the fermenter .
At the end of the day , everything ended up okay though .
Introducing Oxygen ( at this stage ) is important for the yeast to start doing their thing .
I did n’t filter out any of the trub from the boil .
I just poured the whole thing in there .
This means that all of the hops and grains that were in the boil were also in the fermenter .
This can lead to bittering of the beer .
After putting the lid on my 5 gallon plastic bucket , I popped in airlock and the rubber gasket .
I accidentally pushed the rubber gasket into the wort .
I only had one so I had to retrieve it .
I sanitized the crap out of my hand and arm with bleach .
I was already worried about bacterial contamination and this did n’t help anything .
After fishing around the wort for a few seconds , I found the gasket , re-sanitized it and put the airlock in .
Again , everything turned out okay , but this probably is n’t the best way to keep your wort bacteria free .
I also took horrible notes .
I did n’t write down what kind of hops I used , and other things that ’ll make this recipe hard to re-create .
Later on , I refined my note taking skills .
On 1/17/2010 , I bottled the beer .
At this point the beer is pretty much done fermenting .
A little fermenting will happen in the bottle , but nothing appreciable .
On 2/16/2010 , I opened up my first bottle of home brew and was pleasantly surprised at the taste .
It was n’t anything spectacular , but for my first go , it was n’t half bad .
If I use a ( fake ) male email address , e.g. " [ email protected ] " no one ever responds .
If I use a ( fake ) female email address , e.g. " [ email protected ] " I get answers almost every single time .
I 'm writing a long post about psychiatry ( I write several posts at once , and finish them randomly . )
As with many other posts , I often email academics , journalists or other primary sources to ask them a question .
Sometimes I ask because I do n't know , but often it 's a " stupid " question to test someone 's bias / perspective / actual knowledge .
As a recent example : I asked two different academics ( paraphrased ) " how does seroquel work as an antidepressant ?
Is it the NET , and how much binding is there ?
" Key point here : these are " famous " or busy or important individuals , used to getting a lot of emails ; and my questions are very basic , very easy to answer , and an ordinary person should have been able to look up the answer themselves .
I construct the email to appear as if I am a college - aged person .
My observation having done this several dozen times : I 'll add that the majority of the people I email are male ; the few women I 've emailed have n't been any different .
I 've confirmed this by waiting a long time ( month ) and re-emailing a different ( but still simple ) version as a woman .
The conclusion I went to first was that there is some unconscious sexual element ; not that the academics thought they were going to seduce me , of course , but that they derived some greater pleasure in answering the women than the men .
But perhaps there 's a different explanation : there may be an assumption that if a guy asks such a basic / stupid question , then he's an idiot and not worth bothering with ; but if a girl asks it , well , a college girl is n't held to the same standard / expected to know as much .
I 'd be interested in knowing other people 's reactions and experiences with similar scenarios .
I 'm quite willing to accept alternative explanations .--
By Paul Mason
BBC News
The years of steady enrichment in Europe seem to be at an end .
Gone is the confident talk of prosperity through unity , instead the focus is on the great financial crisis welling up on the union 's southern fringe , as a rising sea of debt threatens to drown the dreams of millions across the continent .
Europe has become the weak link in the world economy
When it gets dark the drug dealers come out in Exarchia Square .
The students walk past them in little groups , deep in argument and abstract thought .
Posters shout at you in vivid colours : against capitalism - against police brutality .
The riot cops rest , exhausted , against the street corners .
This is a typical scene from a place called Europe .
If you had to re-enact it , 1,000 years from now , you could reconstruct the whole thing from the costumes - the square sunglasses bourgeois women use to hold their hair back - the jeans and stubble of the manual working men who flood the streets of central Athens when there 's a general strike .
Layered , tribal , intensely urban , sporadically violent , intellectual , tolerant and until now resilient - this is the civilisation the European Union was set up in after 1945 .
The euro currency was supposed to harmonise it all , but it now faces its biggest challenge for decades because Europe has become the weak link in the world economy .
While China and America have recovered , Europe has been pushed through a door marked austerity .
American disease ?
The eurozone has a currency and a central bank but no central government .
In place of that , the 1992 Maastricht Treaty imposed common rules : low budget deficits , national debts below 60 % of GDP , no bailouts and no central bank intervention in the market for government debt .
At the time , all this seemed like a good idea .
It was the prevailing economic doctrine .
But if you live long enough , you do tend to see today 's economic doctrine become wrapping paper for tomorrow 's souvlaki .
Fast forward to 2010 .
Europe has survived the credit crunch .
The banks infected by that horrible American disease have been saved by medicine dispensed by the European Central Bank .
So mild is Europe 's recession that President Sarkozy and Chancellor Merkel have the moral high ground at G20 summits .
The problem is that , just as with Wall Street , the rules were a fiction .
The Greek government , with the help of Goldman Sachs , had moved some of its debts " off balance sheet " , just like Enron and Lehman Brothers .
The industrial giants of northern Europe want rigid rules on tax , spending and borrowing enforced ... northern Europe has seized control of southern Europe
As the truth emerged with the election of a new government , Greece 's deficit doubled .
Twice , Greece drew up plans to slash that deficit .
Twice they were approved by Europe and twice the expected bailout failed to emerge .
Then , those who lend money to southern Europe realised they might not get it all back .
The markets had assumed the Greek people would bear all the pain of deficit reduction and now they realised they , the investors , would lose money .
They looked at Ireland with its deserted villages of new - built homes , at Spain with its deflation and mass unemployment and made this calculation - if Greece is allowed to renege on part of its debts , then the rest will follow .
So a crisis that could have cost 30bn euros to stop will now cost 750bn - a third of it from the IMF .
The no bailout rule is dead .
The " no IMF involvement rule " is dead and the European Central Bank , which once insisted on the highest quality collateral , is now swapping good , clean euro notes for , effectively , junk IOUs .
Risk transfer
Why did the EU turn a blind eye for so long to what was happening in Greece ?
Because all those Prada outlets in central Athens and all those shiny new tractors now lined up at roadblocks along all those brand new motorways in Greece were signs of " harmonisation " .
This was a phenomenon across south Europe .
You could say the whole liberalisation process in politics - from Galway to Lisbon to Barcelona to Athens - was based on a middle class getting quietly rich on property speculation and tax evasion .
The whole social truce constructed between the labour movements and employers was based on rapid growth in wages and pension rights , above all in the public sector .
Greece 's austerity cuts bought thousands to the streets in protest
As the price of the bailout , the industrial giants of northern Europe want rigid rules on tax , spending and borrowing enforced .
Northern Europe has seized control of southern Europe - and for me , this completes a process of risk - transfer that 's been under way since Lehman collapsed .
In the autumn of 2008 all the risk was in the banking system .
Then , states all over the world took on that risk and for a year they contained it .
Now the risk is passing from small states to big states .
And it 's passing to somewhere else - to the streets .
Those narrow streets around Exarchia Square are world - notorious for radicalism and bohemianism .
But you will find the same social mix in the 1,000 - year - old streets of Oviedo to Perugia to Bratislava .
A generation of adult workers who will now see their wages and pensions slashed .
A young generation of college leavers who can see no future .
For them austerity , even if it saves the euro , may never bring back the lifestyle they were promised .
And the risk is they might reject austerity .
How to listen to : From our own Correspondent Radio 4 : Saturdays , 1130 .
Second weekly edition on Thursdays , 1100 ( some weeks only ) World Service :
See programme schedules Download the podcast Listen on iPlayer Story by story at the programme website
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Antalya :
An offer by Israel to accept Gaza - bound aid via its own ports was rejected by the organisers of the Freedom Flotilla on Monday .
It emerged late on Monday that Israel had offered the Freedom Flotilla the option of bringing the 10,000 tonnes of aid to its port of Ashdod instead of sailing to Gaza and breaching Israel 's blockade .
The offer was rejected by the organisers , the most prominent of whom is the Turkish charity IHH .
" We know how they [ Israel ] have behaved in the past , " said Bulent Yildirim , president of IHH .
" Why would we believe them ? "
Much of the aid that the flotilla is carrying appears on Israel 's list of goods that are banned from entering the strip , such as building material .
It is believed that the Israeli authorities contacted Turkish officials about the offer , who relayed it to the flotilla organisers .
The move is also an indication of the depth of official Turkish involvement in the campaign .
Secret warning
Some of the ships are registered in Turkey and are flying Turkish flags .
Israeli media reported on Tuesday that Turkey had secretly warned Israel against barring the ships from entering Gaza .
After its offer was spurned , Israeli is said to have turned to the government of Egypt , discussing with it the possibility of bringing the shipments to the Egyptian port of Arish .
That offer , too , was rejected .
The flotilla now ranks highly on Israel 's agenda as the media across the world and in Israel pick up on the story .
Israel 's foreign ministry has deployed employees to scan social networking sites like twitter in order to present its own stand on Gaza .
The ministry 's twitter account has been posting 20 to 30 tweets an hour almost exclusively on the flotilla .
Yildirim told passengers to be ready for a smear campaign by Israel which would focus on selling the story that the flotilla was an effort to strengthen Hamas , which rules Gaza .
" Remember , we are only here to help the Palestinian people , and do not sway towards any group , " he said .
Yildirim urged participants to respect people from other religions on the ship , including Jews and Christians .
He said all of them stood " shoulder to shoulder " for the sake of Palestinians .
Ships leaving from Turkey had 2,100 tonnes of cement , 750 tonnes of iron , 50 tonnes of marble , 98 generators , 90 prefabricated homes , 16 full playgrounds and textiles .
You know what 's infinitely better than a carton of Tropicana ?
A carton of boozy Tropicana , of course .
And if you 've got $ 10 and two days , Spike Your Juice 's magic powder will make that happen .
Advertisement
The process of getting from juice to happy juice is stupid simple : take a 64 oz .
bottle of your favorite juice ( recommended : grape , cranberry , or pomegranate ) with a minimum sugar content of 20g / serving and none of that unfiltered or artificial sweetener junk .
Then pour in a Spike Your Juice packet ( that $ 10 will score you six of them ) , seal the bottle with the supplied airlock , and sit patiently .
I know , I know , you 're worried it wo n't taste good .
And it may not !
But you can adjust the potency / dryness the potable with how long you leave the cap on .
Besides , if you 've got 64 oz .
of the stuff , you wo n't care about the taste by the time you hit the bottom .
Advertisement
And take it from me , once you 're making sparkling wine in your kitchen out of Welch 's and a mail order kit ?
You hit the bottom .
[ Spike Your Juice via Geekologie ]
( Editor 's note : David Wang is an accomplished iPhone hacker and member of the iPhone Dev Team .
Tinker with your gadgets at your own peril -- we 're not responsible for what happens if you brick your iPhone , however unlikely that may be . )
Maybe you want to liberate your iPhone from Apple 's clutches .
Maybe you just want to tinker with something new .
Either way , you 've seen Android running on the iPhone , and you want to try it for yourself .
Still a Work in Progress
Graphic : Eliza
Wee
Although this port does everything that you expect your smartphone to be able to do , it is n't usable for day - to - day activities just yet -- I have n't implemented any power - management functions , so a fully charged iPhone running Android will last only an hour or so .
A few bugs and performance issues remain , too , so while the phone will be usable , it wo n't be fast .
If you do something unexpected ( such as forcing the iPhone off ) , there is a small chance that you may end up restoring your device .
However , it is impossible for any bugs to brick or disable your iPhone permanently .
Finally , media syncing is not working , so loading your media onto your phone is kind of a pain .
I 'm working as hard as I can , though , and I expect to fix these issues soon .
Required Reading
Start by brushing up on the fundamentals of iPhone maintenance : how to get your iPhone into Recovery Mode , how to put it into DFU Mode , and how to perform a firmware restore from those modes .
The iPhone is a well - engineered device , and it is virtually impossible to brick if you know these techniques .
If all else fails , remember that you can always restore using DFU Mode .
You 'll also need to be reasonably comfortable working in a command - line interface , and unless you 're confident in trying to compile your own binaries , you 'll need a PC running Linux ( or a Linux virtual machine ) .
What You Need
1 . A first - generation iPhone or an iPhone 3G with firmware versions between 2.0 and 3.1.2 , jailbroken with Redsn0w , Blacksn0w , or PwnageTool .
If you already updated your handset to 3.1.3 or to a 4.0 beta , you must use PwnageTool to create a jailbroken 3.1.2 .ipsw file to restore down to .
Note that I am explicitly excluding the iPhone 3GS , all iPod Touch models , and the iPad .
This hack will not work with those devices ( yet ) .
I am also explicitly excluding iPhone OS 3.1.3 and all of the 4.0 betas .
It will not work with the Spirit jailbreak , either .
If you have n't yet jailbroken your iPhone , do n't worry - - it 's a simple process that consists mainly of pressing buttons on the device when prompted and clicking the next button in a wizard .
I humbly recommend Redsn0w , since I wrote much of the code for that program .
2. A 32 - bit Linux system or virtual machine ( I recommend Ubuntu ) .
See " How to Easily Install Ubuntu Linux on Any PC " for instructions if you do n't already have Ubuntu .
Although much of the process can be conducted on any machine , one of the tools involved ( called ' oibc ' ) has not yet been ported to Windows .
In addition , the binaries I provide are compiled on a 32 - bit Ubuntu machine .
All of the utilities compile for Linux and Mac , however , so if you 're feeling adventurous , compile the sources at github.com / planetbeing / iphonelinux and github.com / planetbeing / xpwn instead of using the binaries .
3 . The prebuilt images and binaries ; the exact files you use depend on whether you have a first - generation iPhone or an iPhone 3G .
4 . The iPhone OS 3.1.2 .ipsw file for your device , namely either iPhone1,1_3.1.2_7D11_Restore.ipsw or iPhone1,2_3.1.2_7D11_Restore.ipsw .
Chances are , you already have this file somewhere on your computer , but if you need it , you can download it .
5 . The firmware for the Marvell WLAN chip inside the iPhone .
Go to the URL , and on the right side of the page you should see a drop - down menu labeled ' Choose your platform ' .
Select Linux 2.6 - Fedora from the drop - down menu and click the Search button underneath .
Download the file labeled SD - 8686 - LINUX26 - SYSKT -9.70.3.p24-26409.P45-GPL .
You 'll get a file called SD - 8686 - LINUX26 - SYSKT -9.70.3.p24-26409.P45-GPL.zip .
John Cole has a revolutionary idea — let ’s let the free market take care of things .
His brilliant idea ?
Make the oil companies responsible for the total clean up cost of their oil spills .
If they ca n’t pay , they go bankrupt .
That might make them a bit more safety conscious .
After the Exxon Valdez disaster , Congress made oil companies responsible for cleaning up after spills , but capped their responsibility at 75 million dollars .
After the current spill , Congress has introduced bills raising the cap .
But why have a cap in the first place ?
Is n’t that corporate welfare ?
I believe in ( real ) free markets .
If drilling for oil has risks , that should be part of the equation that determines whether that business is profitable .
Monetizing that risk is the job of insurance companies .
If the risk of oil spills causes the cost of gas to go up , then that will just reflect the actual cost of our addiction to oil , and will encourage investment in alternative fuels .
Exxon had billions in profits last year , and did n’t pay a penny in US taxes .
So why should the US government pay anything to clean up their mess ?
If it were up to me , the government would stop subsidizing the actual costs of industry .
The oil companies make money , and we pay for the wars to keep oil flowing , pay the health costs of all the pollution generated by burning oil , and — in addition to the costs of cleaning up oil spills — the economic costs to fishermen , tourism , and other industries .
That ’s not a free market , that is corporate socialism !
UPDATE : The bill raising the cap in oil spill liability was defeated by Lisa Murkowski , the Republican Senator from Alaska .
Looks like once again corporate welfare is more important than reducing government spending .
By Simon Johnson , co-author of 13 Bankers : The Wall Street Takeover and the Next Financial Meltdown
When you strip away the disinformation , false promises , and wishful thinking , this is where we are on really reigning in the power of the country ’s largest – and most dangerous – banks .
Senators Sherrod Brown and Ted Kaufman have proposed the SAFE Banking Act , which is an entirely reasonable and responsible way of limiting the size of our largest banks .
It should be adopted as an amendment to the main financial reform bill now before the Senate .
As the New York Times points out today , there is growing support for this approach .
But note that this article – while entirely accurate – was relegated to page B3 ; Sewell Chan ’s original piece on this topic was a front page story on April 20 .
The opposition to Brown - Kaufman at the highest levels of government ( legislature and executive branches ) is so strong that it is increasingly unlikely the amendment will even get an up - or - down vote on the Senate floor .
The NYT ’s editorial page has endorsed Brown - Kaufman , as have a growing number of organizations that want to see some meaningful financial reform .
But opposition to Brown - Kaufman ( and actually any real reform ) is deeply entrenched among prominent senators and even the White House .
They fall back on increasingly specious arguments , completely unencumbered by the evidence or any real head - to - head debate .
These people may well be soon forgotten – or even as widely disparaged in a few years as the once - ascendant Robert Rubin and Alan Greenspan are today .
But for the moment their power on Capitol Hill is almost unbreakable .
This is not about ideology any more – it is hard to find anyone who will argue in public that finance is always good , unfettered finance is better , and largely unregulated big banks are the best .
This is a major and encouraging break from the history of the past 30 years – as told , for example , in 13 Bankers .
The revolving door between Washington and Wall Street is also playing less of a role than in the past ( again , we review the recent decades of evidence in 13 Bankers ) .
To be sure , there are still plenty of lobbyists with Capitol Hill experience , but it is no longer fashionable for a top senator or treasury official to go easy on big banks and then slip into a comfortable boardroom for well - remunerated slumber ( talk to Robert Rubin or Phil Gramm ) .
We may see some of this , of course , but any such individuals will be pilloried indefinitely and without mercy ; their names will live in serious infamy .
The lack of debate over Brown - Kaufman – and its likely demise – is all about money .
There is a tsunami of contributions from the financial sector washing over Congress right now .
When the dust settles , the pattern will be clear : Wall Street ( legally ) bought off key senators .
There will be a reckoning , to be sure , at the polls .
The supporters of big banks will go down hard in November and in 2012 ; there are no secrets over this kind of time frame .
But by then it will be too late for this cycle of financial reform – and there is on guarantee that the backlash will bring stronger reformers to power ( in fact , the White House and the biggest banks would be quite happy to see non-reformers prevail . )
Call your senator , by all means , and urge support for Brown - Kaufman – or at least press them to allow a Senate floor vote on the issue .
Recognizing the paramount importance of money at this moment , you might also offer to send a $ 2 bill to every senator who votes for Brown - Kaufman .
If you have n’t seen the $ 2 in a while , stop by the bank and get one .
Even if there is never anyone to whom it is worth sending , you can always pin it up in your kitchen as a reminder of what went wrong .
It will be up to you which side to look at more often : Thomas Jefferson , who argued so powerfully against the dangers of a financial aristocracy ( see chapter 1 of 13 Bankers ) ; or the signing of the Declaration of Independence .
Update : Tiffiniy Cheng has a “ whip count ” and suggestions regarding how to sharpen everyone ’s focus on key senators
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
IDAHO FALLS , Idaho ( AP ) -- A SkyWest Airlines flight from Helena , Mont. , to Salt Lake City was diverted to Idaho Falls after a passenger began banging on the cockpit door , saying he was a space alien and wanted to fly the plane .
Idaho Falls Police Sgt. Phil Grimes says other passengers on the Sunday evening flight helped restrain 32 - year - old Matthew Kleindorfer of Las Vegas .
The plane landed just before 6 p.m .
Kleindorfer faces misdemeanor counts of disturbing the peace and resisting arrest and a felony count of battery of an officer .
( Copyright 2010 by The Associated Press .
All Rights Reserved . )
The Stormwind park is destroyed ( nothing left )
New Stormwind Keep ( LARGE ! )
New areas added ( lake / park )
New buildings , models ( water fountains )
Alpha + Flightpaths to Goldshire !
Stormwind City footage taken from the Cataclysm Alpha .
Ingame overview of the changed city !
Another place we have found changes in is Old Ironforge .
This guide shows you how to get their if you have n't been their yet .
I am pretty sure that this zone will be active in the expansion .
Before Cataclysm After Cataclysm :
Home »
Features »
Travel Stories »
Why We Travel
Why We Travel
Travel Stories :
In a classic essay , Pico Iyer explores the reasons we leave our beliefs and certainties at home to see the world with open eyes
iStockPhoto iStockPhoto
We travel , initially , to lose ourselves ; and we travel , next , to find ourselves .
We travel to open our hearts and eyes and learn more about the world than our newspapers will accommodate .
We travel to bring what little we can , in our ignorance and knowledge , to those parts of the globe whose riches are differently dispersed .
And we travel , in essence , to become young fools again — to slow time down and get taken in , and fall in love once more .
The beauty of this whole process was best described , perhaps , before people even took to frequent flying , by George Santayana in his lapidary essay , “ The Philosophy of Travel . ”
We “ need sometimes , ” the Harvard philosopher wrote , “ to escape into open solitudes , into aimlessness , into the moral holiday of running some pure hazard , in order to sharpen the edge of life , to taste hardship , and to be compelled to work desperately for a moment at no matter what . ”
Share this on Facebook ?
I like that stress on work , since never more than on the road are we shown how proportional our blessings are to the difficulty that precedes them ; and I like the stress on a holiday that ’s “ moral ” since we fall into our ethical habits as easily as into our beds at night .
Few of us ever forget the connection between “ travel ” and “ travail , ” and I know that I travel in large part in search of hardship — both my own , which I want to feel , and others ’ , which I need to see .
Travel in that sense guides us toward a better balance of wisdom and compassion — of seeing the world clearly , and yet feeling it truly .
For seeing without feeling can obviously be uncaring ; while feeling without seeing can be blind .
Yet for me the first great joy of traveling is simply the luxury of leaving all my beliefs and certainties at home , and seeing everything I thought I knew in a different light , and from a crooked angle .
In that regard , even a Kentucky Fried Chicken outlet ( in Beijing ) or a scratchy revival showing of “ Wild Orchids ” ( on the Champs - Elysees ) can be both novelty and revelation :
In China , after all , people will pay a whole week ’s wages to eat with Colonel Sanders , and in Paris , Mickey Rourke is regarded as the greatest actor since Jerry Lewis .
If a Mongolian restaurant seems exotic to us in Evanston , Ill. , it only follows that a McDonald ’s would seem equally exotic in Ulan Bator — or , at least , equally far from everything expected .
Though it ’s fashionable nowadays to draw a distinction between the “ tourist ” and the “ traveler , ” perhaps the real distinction lies between those who leave their assumptions at home , and those who do n’t :
Among those who do n’t , a tourist is just someone who complains , “ Nothing here is the way it is at home , ” while a traveler is one who grumbles , “ Everything here is the same as it is in Cairo — or Cuzco or Kathmandu . ”
It ’s all very much the same .
But for the rest of us , the sovereign freedom of traveling comes from the fact that it whirls you around and turns you upside down , and stands everything you took for granted on its head .
If a diploma can famously be a passport ( to a journey through hard realism ) , a passport can be a diploma ( for a crash course in cultural relativism ) .
And the first lesson we learn on the road , whether we like it or not , is how provisional and provincial are the things we imagine to be universal .
When you go to North Korea , for example , you really do feel as if you ’ve landed on a different planet — and the North Koreans doubtless feel that they ’re being visited by an extra- terrestrial , too ( or else they simply assume that you , as they do , receive orders every morning from the Central Committee on what clothes to wear and what route to use when walking to work , and you , as they do , have loudspeakers in your bedroom broadcasting propaganda every morning at dawn , and you , as they do , have your radios fixed so as to receive only a single channel ) .
We travel , then , in part just to shake up our complacencies by seeing all the moral and political urgencies , the life - and - death dilemmas , that we seldom have to face at home .
And we travel to fill in the gaps left by tomorrow ’s headlines :
When you drive down the streets of Port - au - Prince , for example , where there is almost no paving and women relieve themselves next to mountains of trash , your notions of the internet and a “ one world order ” grow usefully revised .
Travel is the best way we have of rescuing the humanity of places , and saving them from abstraction and ideology .
And in the process , we also get saved from abstraction ourselves , and come to see how much we can bring to the places we visit , and how much we can become a kind of carrier pigeon — an anti-Federal Express , if you like — in transporting back and forth what every culture needs .
I find that I always take Michael Jordan posters to Kyoto , and bring woven ikebana baskets back to California ; I invariably travel to Cuba with a suitcase piled high with bottles of Tylenol and bars of soap , and come back with one piled high with salsa tapes , and hopes , and letters to long - lost brothers .
But more significantly , we carry values and beliefs and news to the places we go , and in many parts of the world , we become walking video screens and living newspapers , the only channels that can take people out of the censored limits of their homelands .
In closed or impoverished places , like Pagan or Lhasa or Havana , we are the eyes and ears of the people we meet , their only contact with the world outside and , very often , the closest , quite literally , they will ever come to Michael Jackson or Bill Clinton .
Not the least of the challenges of travel , therefore , is learning how to import — and export — dreams with tenderness .
By now all of us have heard ( too often ) the old Proust line about how the real voyage of discovery consists not in seeing new places but in seeing with new eyes .
Yet one of the subtler beauties of travel is that it enables you to bring new eyes to the people you encounter .
Thus even as holidays help you appreciate your own home more — not least by seeing it through a distant admirer ’s eyes — they help you bring newly appreciative — distant — eyes to the places you visit .
You can teach them what they have to celebrate as much as you celebrate what they have to teach .
This , I think , is how tourism , which so obviously destroys cultures , can also resuscitate or revive them , how it has created new “ traditional ” dances in Bali , and caused craftsmen in India to pay new attention to their works .
If the first thing we can bring the Cubans is a real and balanced sense of what contemporary America is like , the second — and perhaps more important — thing we can bring them is a fresh and renewed sense of how special are the warmth and beauty of their country , for those who can compare it with other places around the globe .
Thus travel spins us round in two ways at once :
It shows us the sights and values and issues that we might ordinarily ignore ; but it also , and more deeply , shows us all the parts of ourselves that might otherwise grow rusty .
For in traveling to a truly foreign place , we inevitably travel to moods and states of mind and hidden inward passages that we ’d otherwise seldom have cause to visit .
On the most basic level , when I ’m in Thailand , though a teetotaler who usually goes to bed at 9 p.m. , I stay up till dawn in the local bars ; and in Tibet , though not a real Buddhist , I spend days on end in temples , listening to the chants of sutras .
I go to Iceland to visit the lunar spaces within me , and , in the uncanny quietude and emptiness of that vast and treeless world , to tap parts of myself generally obscured by chatter and routine .
We travel , then , in search of both self and anonymity — and , of course , in finding the one we apprehend the other .
Abroad , we are wonderfully free of caste and job and standing ; we are , as Hazlitt puts it , just the “ gentlemen in the parlour , ” and people can not put a name or tag to us .
And precisely because we are clarified in this way , and freed of inessential labels , we have the opportunity to come into contact with more essential parts of ourselves ( which may begin to explain why we may feel most alive when far from home ) .
Abroad is the place where we stay up late , follow impulse and find ourselves as wide open as when we are in love .
We live without a past or future , for a moment at least , and are ourselves up for grabs and open to interpretation .
We even may become mysterious — to others , at first , and sometimes to ourselves — and , as no less a dignitary than Oliver Cromwell once noted , “ A man never goes so far as when he does n’t know where he is going . ”
There are , of course , great dangers to this , as to every kind of freedom , but the great promise of it is that , traveling , we are born again , and able to return at moments to a younger and a more open kind of self .
Traveling is a way to reverse time , to a small extent , and make a day last a year — or at least 45 hours — and traveling is an easy way of surrounding ourselves , as in childhood , with what we cannot understand .
Language facilitates this cracking open , for when we go to France , we often migrate to French , and the more childlike self , simple and polite , that speaking a foreign language educes .
Even when I ’m not speaking pidgin English in Hanoi , I ’m simplified in a positive way , and concerned not with expressing myself , but simply making sense .
So travel , for many of us , is a quest for not just the unknown , but the unknowing ; I , at least , travel in search of an innocent eye that can return me to a more innocent self .
I tend to believe more abroad than I do at home ( which , though treacherous again , can at least help me to extend my vision ) , and I tend to be more easily excited abroad , and even kinder .
And since no one I meet can “ place ” me — no one can fix me in my resume — I can remake myself for better , as well as , of course , for worse ( if travel is notoriously a cradle for false identities , it can also , at its best , be a crucible for truer ones ) .
In this way , travel can be a kind of monasticism on the move :
On the road , we often live more simply ( even when staying in a luxury hotel ) , with no more possessions than we can carry , and surrendering ourselves to chance .
This is what Camus meant when he said that “ what gives value to travel is fear ” — disruption , in other words , ( or emancipation ) from circumstance , and all the habits behind which we hide .
And that is why many of us travel not in search of answers , but of better questions .
I , like many people , tend to ask questions of the places I visit , and relish most the ones that ask the most searching questions back of me :
In Paraguay , for example , where one car in every two is stolen , and two - thirds of the goods on sale are smuggled , I have to rethink my every Californian assumption .
And in Thailand , where many young women give up their bodies in order to protect their families — to become better Buddhists — I have to question my own too - ready judgments .
“ The ideal travel book , ” Christopher Isherwood once said , “ should be perhaps a little like a crime story in which you ’re in search of something . ”
And it ’s the best kind of something , I would add , if it ’s one that you can never quite find .
I remember , in fact , after my first trips to Southeast Asia , more than a decade ago , how I would come back to my apartment in New York , and lie in my bed , kept up by something more than jet lag , playing back , in my memory , over and over , all that I had experienced , and paging wistfully though my photographs and reading and re-reading my diaries , as if to extract some mystery from them .
Anyone witnessing this strange scene would have drawn the right conclusion : I was in love .
For if every true love affair can feel like a journey to a foreign country , where you ca n’t quite speak the language , and you do n’t know where you ’re going , and you ’re pulled ever deeper into the inviting darkness , every trip to a foreign country can be a love affair , where you ’re left puzzling over who you are and whom you ’ve fallen in love with .
All the great travel books are love stories , by some reckoning — from the Odyssey and the Aeneid to the Divine Comedy and the New Testament — and all good trips are , like love , about being carried out of yourself and deposited in the midst of terror and wonder .
And what this metaphor also brings home to us is that all travel is a two - way transaction , as we too easily forget , and if warfare is one model of the meeting of nations , romance is another .
For what we all too often ignore when we go abroad is that we are objects of scrutiny as much as the people we scrutinize , and we are being consumed by the cultures we consume , as much on the road as when we are at home .
At the very least , we are objects of speculation ( and even desire ) who can seem as exotic to the people around us as they do to us .
Next Page »
A TSA worker in Miami was arrested when he " lost his mind " and attacked a colleague who repeatedly made fun of his small penis after the security screener walked through a high - tech scanner that showed his genitalia , according to Miami - Dade police .
Rolando Negrin , 44 , was arrested at Miami International Airport Wednesday morning following an altercation with a fellow screener , Hugh Osorno , Tuesday evening .
Negrin is facing assault charges for allegedly beating Osorno with a baton in the airport 's parking lot , NBC Miami reported .
Negrin had been embarrassed and enraged by constant ribbing from his colleagues after a training session with a " Whole Body Imaging " machine , according to the police affidavit .
" The X - ray revealed [ Negrin ] has a small penis and co-workers made fun of him on a daily basis , " according to the report .
Negrin showed up for work as usual Wednesday and can be seen in the uniform blue shirt and epaulets of the TSA in his booking photo .
Osorno suffered abrasions on his back and arms from the attack , police said .
Click here for more on this story from NBCMiami .
NEW SHIRT !
NEW SHIRT !
THE BEST SHIRT I’VE EVER MADE !!!
Science Fiction TV - Movie Title Generator T - Shirt @ Topatoco !!!
There is also a PRINT of this design too !
I wrote this comic right after the Fringe season 2 finale last week , but it was unfortunately preempted by a couple of LOST comics .
This is really a shame because part of my job is to relate to you , gentle Fancy Bastard , what I think is worthy of your geeky time , attention and monies .
And though the point of deciding between the two series is rendered moot by the completion of one of them ( LOST SPOILERS : Everyone dies !
No really .
Everyone .
You , me , everyone eventually dies ) , Fringe is the one scifi show above all others currently in production that I can say , “ IF YOU AREN ’T WATCHING IT , YOU SHOULD BE ! ”
It is by far the most satisfying science fiction on TV .
The initial problems I had with Fringe season 1 , and the beginning of season 2 is that they had an extraordinary main story arch ( there is at least one parallel universe along side ours , one of them has to go for the other to survive and neither side is going down without a fight ) which they tended to ignore in favor of “ freak of the week ” type story lines .
This was less a flaw of the writing / direction of Fringe and more of a testament to how badly I personally wanted to know more about the “ other side . ”
I realize now that they stand alone episodes probably made the show more accessible to those just jumping in at any random point in the first season .
Anyway , if you have n’t already , blow through season 1 and get to the tasty story - meats of season 2 as fast as possible .
Take consideration to enjoy season one and get to know the characters , but the story does n’t really start to unfold in a highly satisfactory way until season 2 .
Honestly , other than Walter ( John “ Denethor ” Noble ) most of the characters do n’t really find their own identities until the second season .
That said , the series is highly enjoyable and manages to do what LOST and BSG always seemed to struggle with .
Which is to meld SCIENCE and FICTION in an emotionally and intellectually satisfying way without resorting to magic .
I just realized that I did n’t talk about Leonard Nimoy at all .
Oh well .
Fringe is great .
HONG KONG —
A merchant ship collided with a Malaysian oil tanker on Tuesday morning , puncturing the tanker ’s hull and spilling 2,500 tons of crude oil into the Singapore Strait , maritime officials reported .
The damage appeared to be limited to one compartment in the double - hulled tanker , the Bunga Kelana 3 , with the spill amounting to about 18,000 barrels .
In comparison , the most conservative estimates of the ongoing BP spill in the Gulf of Mexico are 5,000 barrels a day .
The spill occurred about seven miles offshore , southeast of the Changi East complex , the home of the Singaporean Air Force .
The Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore said by midafternoon that an oil slick had formed measuring 2.5 miles long and more than a half - mile wide .
The agency was coordinating cleanup efforts , which included two oil skimmers , chemical dispersants and a mile of containment booms .
Presidential Elections – Ayn Rand 1932 to 1980
When Ayn Rand arrived in New York at the age of 21 in 1926 Calvin Coolidge – “ The business of America is business . ” – was president .
Herbert Hoover , a Progressive , won the next election ( against Alfred E. Smith ) in 1928 .
Listed below are Ayn Rand ’s positions on the presidential contenders after she became a U.S. citizen in 1931 .
The order is Republican vs. Democrat , the eventual winner is in bold type .
1932
1936
1940
1944
1948
1952
“ You should vote only so long as you think a candidate has more virtues than flaws .
But if you regard both candidates as evil , do not choose a lesser evil .
Simply do n’t vote .
For instance , I abstained in 1952 and 1956 ; I did n’t vote for Eisenhower or Stevenson .
Despite everything you hear to the contrary , abstaining — particularly by people who understand the issues — is a form of voting .
You ’re choosing ‘ none of the above . ’ ” [ 2 ]
“ I think Nixon is a great improvement over his predecessors , several of them , including Eisenhower . ” [ 3 ]
1956
1960
1964
“ ... it appears , at present , that Senator Goldwater may become very much worth supporting ... most particularly because he seems to be our last chance to preserve two - party government .
...
“ ... At present , he is the best candidate in the field . ” [ 4 ]
“ If a candidate evades , equivocates and hides his stand under a junk - heap of random concretes , we must add up those concretes and judge him accordingly .
If his stand is mixed , we must evaluate it by asking :
Will he protect freedom or destroy the last of it ?
Will he accelerate , delay or stop the march toward statism ?
“ By this standard , one can see why Barry Goldwater is the best candidate in the field today .
...
“ In an age of moral collapse , like the present , men who seek power for power ’s sake rise to leadership everywhere on earth and destroy one country after another .
Barry Goldwater is singularly devoid of power lust .
Even his antagonists admit it with grudging respect .
He is seeking , not to rule , but to liberate a [ that is , our ] country .
“ In a world ravaged by dictatorships , can we afford to pass up a candidate of that kind ? ”
“ Let us hope that the pressure of his enemies will not tempt him to compromise ( in regard to the party platform , for instance ) and thus to commit political suicide . ”
“ Those who are active in the campaign should urge him to raise some essential issues , instead of the secondary matters and vague generalities he has been discussing .
He has not presented a case for capitalism ; he has not demonstrated the statist - socialist trend of his opponents . ”
“ There was no discussion of capitalism .
There was no discussion of statism .
There was no discussion of the blatantly vulnerable record of the government ’s policies in the last thirty years .
There was no discussion .
There were no issues . ”
“ I would still say even now that of the two candidates Senator Goldwater was by far the best .
... he attempted , and that ’s the best one can say for him , he attempted , he tried , to stand for free enterprise .
But as I ’ve also said many times before , a political campaign is not the cause of a country ’s intellectual state or intellectual trend , a political campaign is the last result .
In a political campaign one cashes in on the state of political or philosophical knowledge in a given society .
And Senator Goldwater ’s campaign illustrated perfectly the disastrous state of the political knowledge in America , not only in the choice that the electorate made but in the way that Senator Goldwater conducted his campaign . ”
1968
1972
“ If there were some campaign organization called ‘ Anti-Nixonites for Nixon , ’ it would name my position . ¶
The worst thing said about Nixon is that he cannot be trusted , which is true : he can not be trusted to save this country .
But one thing is certain : McGovern can destroy it . ”
“ Both have paid tributes to Americanism ( i.e. , free enterprise ) and to altruistic statism .
But here is the difference between them : Mr. Nixon , though not a champion of free enterprise , yearns in that direction , and does not mean his tributes to altruistic statism .
Mr. McGovern does not mean his tributes to Americanism . ”
“ It is against statism that we have to vote .
It is statism that has to be defeated – and defeated resoundingly . ”
1976
1980
· · ·
That concludes our review of how Ayn Rand saw the presidential candidates during her lifetime , her “ practical politics . ”
Given the known facts at the time , she implemented the principles she expressed during Barry Goldwater ’s campaign of 1964 – see the long quote above , from “ How to Judge a Political Candidate . ”
Elsewhere ( I do n’t have a reference at hand ) during a race between about equally bad candidates she said it was desirable that the President and Congress belong to opposite political parties , which might introduce a little gridlock to the growth of government .
In the next parts of this series we consider how Leonard Peikoff and ARI treated the presidential candidates since Ayn Rand ’s death .
IT left Earth 33 years ago , now it 's claimed the Voyager 2 spacecraft may have been hijacked by aliens after sending back data messages NASA scientists can't decode .
NASA installed a 12 - inch disk containing music and greetings in 55 languages in case intelligent extraterrestrial life ever found it .
President invited to meet aliens on earth
But now the spacecraft is sending back what sounds like an answer : Signals in an unknown data format !
The best scientific minds have so far not been able to decipher the strange information – is it a secret message ?
Alien expert Hartwig Hausdorf said : " It seems almost as if someone had reprogrammed or hijacked the probe – thus perhaps we do not yet know the whole truth " Read more in Bild
Engineers are working to solve the data transmissions from the Voyager 2 spacecraft near the edge of the solar system , NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory said today .
The spacecraft late last month began sending science data 8.6 billion miles to Earth in a changed format that mission managers could not decode .
Engineers have since instructed Voyager 2 to only transmit data on its own health and status while they work on the problem .
Launched in 1977 , Voyager 2 and its twin , Voyager 1 , explored the giant planets Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus and Neptune and kept on going .
Nearly 33 years later , they are the most distant human - made objects .
Voyager 1 is 10.5 billion miles from Earth and in about five years is expected to pass through the heliosphere , a bubble the sun creates around the solar system , and enter interstellar space .
Voyager 2 will follow after that .
Originally published as Have aliens hijacked Voyager spacecraft
We 've written before about whether men should get a say in their partners ' abortions .
Complicating the question even further is the fact that some men take control of women 's reproduction by force .
Which is n't messed up at all .
Advertisement
Often the debate around men's role in reproductive decisions assumes that men are currently powerless where these decisions are concerned .
The dominant narrative is that of men like Greg Bruell ( profiled in Elle , via Broadsheet ) , whose girlfriend told him she'd get an abortion if she conceived , but then proceeded to have a child and sue him for child support .
He 's now helping to raise his kid , but his cause has been taken up by the National Center for Men , whose director argues that " reproductive choice is n't a fundamental right if it's only limited to people who have internal reproductive systems . "
This is the refrain we generally hear : one of men being shut out of choice .
Advertisement
But sometimes it 's men who shut women out .
In her thorough article for The Nation on reproductive coercion ( which we 've also discussed ) , Lynn Harris writes of " the striking frequency with which it is in fact young men who try to force their partners to get pregnant .
Their goal : not to settle down as family men but rather to exert what is perhaps the most intimate , and lasting , form of control . "
She cites one study finding that 15 % of sexually active young women who visited reproductive health clinics had suffered birth control sabotage by a partner , and another in which 26 % of a sample of teens in abusive , sexually active relationships said their partners were " actively trying to get them pregnant . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Perhaps the most striking part of Harris 's piece is the speculation that reproductive coercion may play a role in " pregnancy ambivalence . "
A surprising percentage of women ( 23 % , according to one study ) report that they 're neither trying to get pregnant nor trying to avoid it — and while many of these women may simply be at a point in their lives where a baby would be great if it happened , others may actually feel the decision is out their hands .
Harris quotes Dr. Elizabeth Miller , author of a study on reproductive coercion : " We need further research to find out if part of what we 've been addressing as ‘ ambivalence ' is in fact male - partner influence on women's reproductive health and autonomy . "
Advertisement
Cases like Bruell 's are likely to continue drawing media attention , and we 're probably going to keep arguing about them for a long time to come .
But these arguments should n't assume that it 's always women excluding men from reproductive decisions — sometimes , it 's the other way around .
So rather than focus on ways to give men more say over whether a woman has an abortion , perhaps we should be counseling both sexes , at a young age , on how to talk about pregnancy in a healthy and non-abusive way .
Miller tells Harris , " Ideally , we 'd discuss healthy relationships as a foundation for sex ed before we discuss mechanics " — and a healthy relationship means both partners agree on birth control and how to respond to a potential conception .
Such discussions would n't prevent all reproductive conflicts , but they might bring a little more equality to the inherently unequal process of having a child .
A Man's Right To Choose An Abortion [ Broadsheet ]
When Teen Pregnancy Is No Accident [ The Nation ]
The Parent Trap : Paternal Rights And Abortion [ Elle ]
Advertisement
Earlier : Crazy , Condom - Puncturing Control Freaks Are Often Men
25 % Of Women Don't Care Whether They Get Pregnant
Blogger : How Abortion Rights Make Bad Boyfriends
You know , it might not be the most profound diary ever , but ...
I 've been laughing my ass off about this for a few hours now , and so ... I just had to share .
This was posted originally on my blog , Left Take , earlier today , by user , Justinconley .
Enjoy !
I am an obvious political minority in my hometown and I get sick of seeing conservative crap all day .
For example :
We got the Pro-Life billboards , the anti-liberal stories in the local newspaper , and etc ...
I know this is childish , but it gave me a good laugh .
Maybe , this retail outlet should remember that some of its consumers are n't conservatives .
Anyone else ever do stuff like this ?
Please share with the group .
Thing one : Nick whipped off this comic called " What if T - Rex could breathe fire ? " and I liked it as soon as I saw T - Rex breathing fire and saying " Lesbiaaaarg ! "
Thing two : a working Back to the Future II hoverboard , for reals .
All it needs is the Mattel logo to make it super authentic !
But what am I complaining about ?
It 's still a BOARD that HOVERS .
Thing three : my love of abandoned buildings abides , but when you throw in the remains of a Soviet shuttle program it is basically porn , porn that you can never get in trouble for reading at work , so please , feel free .
I mentioned all these links on Twitter and in response to this one I was pointed towards Artificial Owl , which is a dead site but has a lot of great pictures I 'd never seen before .
BONUS THING FOUR : have an awesome weekend everyone !
One year ago today : cetirizine hydrochloride works well at minimizing the symptoms of being incapacitated by the sperm cells of plants , PRO TIP
– Ryan
Look along the spectator stands inside the gym of the Boothville elementary school , and you will catch the name of the student basketball team painted in red and white .
It 's the Oilers .
But no one was in the mood for humour yesterday , even of the dark kind .
They wanted to get certification – and with it – work .
A little over 200 fishing boat captains were crammed at desks inside , almost like pupils waiting for the start of an exam .
Instead , they were eyes and ears for David Kinnaird , a BP community outreach organiser , to get the morning 's business started .
If they take this basic safety course there is a decent chance the company will hire them and their boats to combat the oil spill spreading down the coast .
Not everyone will get to be taken on , he warns from the outset .
But make no mistake , this is a big part of BP 's effort to confront the storm of anger which is already battering it , 13 days after a rig it was operating nearly 50 miles out to sea blew up and sank , killing 11 men and releasing the oil slick which continues to menace coastlines here and to the east all the way to northern Florida .
" We are trying to put money back in your community ; that is why we are here , " Mr Kinnaird offered , before handing over to an interpreter brought in for the many Vietnamese who have boats in this area .
" And we need your local knowledge , we need your boats and we need your crews . "
Outside the doors to the gym , a gaggle of men is growing angry .
The gym is full to capacity and they have not been allowed in , even though some inside are not from Plaquemines Parish , which covers all of the Delta peninsula as it extends south into the Gulf .
Soon Mr Kinnaird comes out to calm nerves .
" If we had turned anyone away , there would have been a riot , " he contends .
Mr Kinnaird , a Briton who has lived in Texas for nearly 20 years , was probably right .
There is a quiet fear among fishermen in the region , who have already seen one of their most important shrimping areas closed down because of the fast - approaching slick .
Almost 25 per cent of the shrimp and oysters caught in the US come from their nets .
They can make good money .
But now they stand to be ruined .
As part of BP 's ever - escalating budget for coping with what may become the biggest oil spill since the Exxon Valdez disaster , the company is preparing to hire hundreds of people like this .
If their boat is less than 32ft , which mostly they are , they will be paid $ 1,200 ( £ 785 ) a day , first to help lay the floating booms which will help to protect fragile wetlands as well as so - called sorbent pads , which absorb oil but not water .
For men like Jonathan Wilson , 37 , who has been shrimping here in Plaquemine Parish all his adult life , the offer from BP may almost turn out to be an opportunity for a job change that he could not have imagined before the crumpling of the Deepwater Horizon rig on 20 April .
" Honestly , I would rather work for BP than catch shrimp .
The price of shrimp has been down recently . "
That does n't mean there is not frustration with BP among the residents .
Like many , Mr Wilson , whose boat is a 27ft Lafitte skiff , is clear that the company was too slow reacting to the spill and equally tardy in turning to people like him for help .
" I think they have been much too slow , they should have done all of this the day they knew that they were n't going to be able to shut that oil off . "
Mr Kinnaird , who has promised those locked out of the gym that a second training class will start in the afternoon , agrees that the fishing community offers BP an important resource .
" They know when the tide will take the oil out and bring it again , for instance .
We want to put all that experience to work . "
He declined to say how much the company is prepared to pay for the armada it is now assembling from these men .
When Mr Wilson and others like Barry Labruzzo , 32 , who has fished waters off a neighbouring parish for 15 years and also faces professional ruin , finish here they will be a handed a certificate saying they have taken the basic training .
The piece of paper will be replaced by a more formal card in a couple of days .
By then , with luck , they will be out on the water already laying the booms and the pads .
Assuming the slick is eventually controlled and dispersed they will turn to the next job : cleaning up the mess the slick will most certainly leave behind .
It could take years .
From lehman to BP , the face of disaster
When Andrew Gowers left the ' Financial Times ' in 2005 after four years as editor , he might have thought entering corporate public relations would offer a quieter life than the turmoil of newspapers .
Little did he know he would find himself as the PR front man for two of the largest , and most pored - over , corporate disasters in recent history : the collapse of the Lehman Brothers investment bank and , now , the Louisiana oil spill from a rig leased by his present employer , BP .
In what must count as one of the more arduous of career progressions , Mr Gowers , 53 , joined Lehman as head of communications in 2006 , and witnessed first - hand the bank 's implosion in 2008 .
He subsequently revealed that the day before the collapse , he spent hours on the phone assuring journalists that the bank was safe , only to be told hours later by its chief executive that it was about to go bust .
Although there have been no reports of any casualties among Chinese nationals living in Kyrgyzstan , some Chinese businessman suffered severe property damage during the recent rioting .
Thousands of protesters clashed with security forces throughout Kyrgyzstan in the past two days .
Thousands of protesters clashed with security forces throughout the country in the past two days , driving out local governments and seizing government headquarters in Bishkek .
Most government buildings in the capital , as well as Bakiyev 's houses , were looted or set on fire and two major markets were burned down .
On Friday morning , Xinhua reporters came to one of the most damaged Chinese Guoying commercial center , a four - story building with a total operation area for 4,800 square meters that was almost completely burned .
Zheng Jianguo , a Chinese business who lived in Kyrgyzstan for 16 years , said that Wednesday night " many people , about a thousand of them , rushed to the place and broke into the backyard . "
" They alleged that at another Chinese market , some local residents were killed , " he said , referring to incidents at the Dangtang Chinese market when Kyrgyz security workers killed one and injured another six locals .
" They said they had come here for revenge , demanding a robbery of the commercial center , " Zheng said .
Zheng said the people came from the downtown city square at around 11 p.m. and refused to leave even after taking all of the money from the workers at the commercial center .
The standoff lasted into 01:00 a.m. ( 1800 GMT ) , with the number of rioters increasing to more than 3,000 .
Then they started to loot and set the whole building ablaze at around 02:00 a.m. ( 1900 GMT ) .
He Chengyu , the Chinese manager of the commercial center , told Xinhua reporters it was tragic to watch the building being burned down .
The Chinese - funded Guoying commercial center was set up based on a local wood plant in 1998 , He said .
The riots were premeditated , He said , " otherwise we would have been able to stop them . "
" We have offered money , some of us even turned four of their pockets inside - out to show they had no money left , " he said .
Even before the riots , the commercial center had been attacked twice since 2000 .
The last time was in 2005 during the Tulip Revolution , which yielded an overall loss exceeding five million U.S. dollars , he said .
This time , the losses have been estimated at around one million dollars for a total overhaul of the building , he said .
Fortune Rejects Chris Ware's Cover
By Marcus Gilmer in Miscellaneous on Apr 23 , 2010 2:40 PM
Image via
Chicago - based comic - book artist Chris Ware ( who we are big fans of ) was commissioned by Fortune magazine to create a cover for their May issue .
The end result , though , was rejected .
It seems a few of the images on the cover - including Guantanamo Bay prisoners , Mexican factory workers , and a few potshots at business execs and money - grubbing politicians - were too much for the kids at Fortune .
And yet we agree with Fishbowl NY 's take that the cover is " hilarious , beautiful , meticulous . "
We 've reached out to Fortune for any comment on the cover but have n't received any response yet .
Check out a few excerpts below and all the glorious detail in the high - res version here .
No other tech company has such an enviable record at producing kit we instantly want to buy - but no - one 's perfect !
When Steve Jobs speaks , the world listens .
His fabled Reality Distortion Field makes even the shiniest piece of chrome and plastic glisten just that little bit more .
The phrase ' One more thing ' moves every member of the audience to the very edge of their seats , knowing that whatever follows , they 'll soon have one in their possession .
But it was n't always like this , and even the all - powerful Apple of today sometimes stumbles in mid-stride .
We 've gone in search of the biggest flops , missteps and bad ideas that found a half - chewed worm emerging from the apple of our eye .
1. Pippin
Super Nintendo .
Master System . Jaguar .
Megadrive .
Pippin .
Can you spot the odd one out ?
It sounded like a child 's toy , but not many children ever had the chance to play on Apple 's ill - fated games console , Pippin .
Technologically speaking it was a Mac in a smaller box , intended to play hot CD - based gaming classics like Terror Trax , The Journeyman Project and Mr Potato Head Saves Veggie Valley .
But whereas most games manufacturers quickly learned the importance of controlling their ecosystem with a vice - like grip , Apple planned to sell the core technology to several different companies – which is ironic in light of the company 's current modus operandi .
Unfortunately , like everyone who tried to take on gaming giants Sega and Nintendo , Pippin was a miserable failure .
It was an underpowered , undersupported system that reportedly only sold around 5,000 units in the US .
Being a computer , Pippin did have some interesting technology on its side , including innovations like internet access , but without the games to back it up , it was all for nothing .
Also , it was called Pippin .
After Pippin crashed and burned , Apple largely gave up on gaming – and most developers still avoid the Mac .
However , times have changed .
The iPhone 's gaming library has n't defeated the mighty Nintendo , but it 's the first thing for a long , long time to pose a really genuine threat to it , if only among casual players .
2. Apple USB Mouse
The infamous ' Hockey Puck ' is one of Apple 's most mocked inventions , appearing with the launch of the iMac in 1998 and promptly hanging around homes and offices like a bad smell for years to come .
Not only was it ugly , it made pointing and clicking about as much fun as typing on a keyboard covered with needles , using a speech recognition system that insisted you neck a balloon full of helium before every instruction , or anything involving Microsoft Office 's ' helpful ' paperclip .
Not only was its round shape clumsy and uncomfortable , it was far too imprecise when gripped and prone to turning instead of moving .
The cord was far too short if you plugged it into the machine rather than the USB ports on a Mac keyboard , and the buttons were n't very comfortable .
Some good did come out of it , though – third - party manufacturers made a fortune selling alternatives and adaptors .
3. MobileMe
Apple had no excuse for MobileMe to flop .
The idea was as obvious as it was brilliant – syncing mail , calendars , files and photos between your computer , your iPhone ( you did buy one , right ? ) and the web .
So what went wrong ?
Well , everything .
Not only was it overpriced – and at £ 50 for a year , remains so – but the original version barely worked .
File sharing was missing in action , online storage was too slow and the calendar was a joke compared to Google 's offering .
As for email , it was fine if you actually wanted to use an Apple - branded address , but with more and more of us switching to personal domains , especially for professional purposes , MobileMe 's lack of proper domain mapping really bit down hard .
Even the launch of the service was a big disaster – the pages were slow , the servers were constantly down , the push messaging promised did n't work , and worst of all , a number of trial users found their credit cards charged too early .
Apple tried to patch up problems by extending the service 's free trials , but there 's no doubt that what most who tried it in those early days remember is a horrible experience from a company that makes its money providing the best .
Not cool , Apple .
Not cool at all .
4. Apple Lisa
Apple kit is too expensive .
That 's the most common criticism of the company , and it has been right from the start .
The Lisa , launched in 1983 , was an attempt to go after business customers by offering a more powerful system , higher resolution graphics and support for multitasking and protected memory .
It found a market , particularly in document creation , but the cheap availability of both IBM PCs and standard Macintosh systems worked against it .
The Lisa did however offer expansion ports , and a snappy name – although one with no easy explanation .
The official version is that it stands for Local Integrated Software Architecture , but nobody believes that .
The standard backronym is Lisa : Invented Stupid Acronym , but most believe it was simply named after Lisa Jobs , Steve 's daughter .
Jobs worked on the project for a while before jumping ship to work on the Macintosh project .
5. Newton
Pity the poor Newton .
Probably Apple 's least - deserved flop , this PDA platform ( the actual devices were called MessagePad ) was truly ahead of its time .
It featured integrated handwriting recognition ( which worked reasonably , if not completely reliably ) , was controlled by a touchscreen , and offered lots of applications to make early adopters ' lives easier , including notes , contacts and dates .
That 's nothing too special by today 's standards , but it was an exceptionally powerful device in the early '90s .
However , this was only intended to be the start of Newton 's capabilities .
Apple saw the devices as computers in their own right , and we 've yet to truly see a successor that has actually pulled off that massive leap .
Perhaps the iPad will be it …
A Kansas State University researcher is exploring the use of Chinese wolfberries to improve vision deficiencies that are common for type - 2 diabetics .
Dingbo " Daniel " Lin , K - State research assistant professor of human nutrition , is studying wolfberries and their potential to improve damage to the retina .
His findings show that the fruit can lower the oxidative stress that the eye undergoes as a result of type - 2 diabetes .
" I would not say that wolfberries are a medicine , but they can be used as a dietary supplement to traditional treatments to improve vision , " Lin said .
" Wolfberries have high antioxidant activity and are very beneficial to protect against oxidative stress caused by environmental stimuli and genetic mutations . "
Lin has experience in biochemistry and eye research , and he wanted to bridge his current work in nutrition with vision .
In a conversation about the eye and phytochemicals Lin had with his father , a traditional medical doctor in China , Lin decided to explore the use of wolfberries for vision improvement .
" In our culture 's history , we have traditional medicine literature that describes things like the wolfberry and its functions , " Lin said .
Wolfberries are bright orange - red , oblong - shaped and grown in China .
Lin said the fruit is known to help rebalance homeostasis , boost the immune system , nourish the liver and kidneys and improve vision .
He wanted to understand the mechanisms of the wolfberry 's effects on vision and started the project in July 2008 .
advertisement
Lin and his colleagues have found that wolfberries have high levels of zeaxanthin , lutein , polysaccharides and polyphenolics , which have been shown to improve vision , including the prevention of age - related macular degeneration and diabetic retinopathy .
The researchers are using dried wolfberries and examining their effects on the retina pigment epithelial cell layer .
" It 's the only cell layer in the far back of the retina , and it provides a fundamental support to the whole retina , just like the base of a building , " Lin said .
" All of the nutrients pass through that cell layer . "
By using type - 2 diabetic mice , the researchers are studying the effects of wolfberries on oxidative stress , one of the factors that occurs in diabetic retinopathy , which is a common complication of diabetes and the leading cause of blindness in American adults .
" Oxidative stress is known as cell impairment of the production of reactive oxygen , " Lin said .
" Cellular oxidative stress is involved in many human diseases , such as diabetes , vision impairment and blindness . "
The researchers also looked at the endoplasmic reticulum , which is where the folding process of proteins occurs in a cell .
When the accumulation of unfolded protein aggregates occurs persistently , the endoplasmic reticulum is under stress .
Prolonged stress will eventually cause cell deaths , Lin said .
advertisement
The in vitro and in vivo studies have shown that the wolfberry 's phytochemicals protect the retinal pigment epithelial cells from hyperglycemia , or high glucose .
The findings show that the fruit has local effects on oxidative stress , reactivates the enzyme AMPK and reduces endoplasmic reticulum stress .
" AMPK is a key enzyme in the balance of cell energy homeostasis , " Lin said .
" The outcome of the current research will lead to the development of dietary regimens in prevention of an eye disease . "
The researchers are continuing to study wolfberries and their health benefits .
Lin said wolfberries could be used as a dietary supplement , though the fruit is n't likely to be found in traditional U.S. food stores .
He said consumers might find them in a Chinese food store or on the Internet .
The research is part of a fast - moving field called nutrigenomics , which studies the effects of food on gene expression and disease .
Nutrients have been shown to affect gene expression , and by understanding the roles of specific nutrients and how they might cause diseases , scientists could recommend specific foods for an individual based on his or her genetics .
At K - State , other researchers collaborated on the project : Denis Medeiros , professor and department head of human nutrition ; Yu Jiang , research associate in human nutrition ; Edlin Ortiz , junior in life sciences , Liberal ; and Yunong Zhang , a former research assistant in human nutrition .
The research has been presented at the 2009 Experimental Biology conference and 2009 American Society of Cell Biology Conference .
The project is funded by a grant from K - State 's Center of Biomedical Research Excellence .
It sounds like not everybody is ready to just throw Flash out the window because Steve Jobs told them to , as Time Warner and NBC have just told Apple they 're happy to stick with it for their online video players .
Advertisement
According to The New York Post , " several large media companies , including Time Warner and NBC Universal " told Apple they are n't converting their video libraries to HTML5 .
They claim that doing so would be too expensive an undertaking and just not worth it , since Flash works on basically everything but Apple 's devices .
But really , it 's probably more of a power play to keep at least some sort of upper hand over Apple , a company who has a history of steamrolling media companies to get what they want .
And with GoogleTV having just been announced , NBC and Time Warner are probably feeling a bit less beholden to Apple .
Advertisement
And clearly this is n't a company - wide thing for Time Warner , as their CNN website has converted most of its recent video to HTML5 and appears on the Apple website as " iPad Ready . "
But in any case , whether or not this will stick remains to be seen .
NBC also balked at iTunes pricing for a while before eventually coming into the fold .
[ NY Post ]
A team of scientists from around the world have recreated mammoth hemoglobin .
The discovery reveals more about the beast than fossil records ever could ; it 's as though we 've traveled 40,000 years into the past and taken a blood sample .
Advertisement
The researchers converted mammoth hemoglobin DNA sequences — taken from the bones of long - extinct Siberian mammoths — into RNA , which they then inserted into E. coli bacteria .
From there , they were able to manufacture mammoth hemoglobin as it would have been in the Pliocene period .
The main discovery so far : that mammoths were capable of delivering oxygen to cells at very low temperatures , as would be expected of an Arctic creature .
This is how they lowered the temperature of their extremities to reduce heat loss .
Advertisement
But the bigger news might be that this technique can be applied to other extinct species as well ; the team is talking now about looking to extinct Australian marsupials , while my personal vote is for some dodo bird action .
Just please , let 's leave the raptors be .
[ University of Adelaide ]
A ten - foot tall crucifix is causing controversy at a Catholic Church in Oklahoma :
" The controversial crucifix has caused a deep divide among members of St. Charles Borromeo Catholic Church , where it hangs above the main altar .
' There are a couple people who have left the parish , ' said the Rev. Philip Seeton , the church ’s pastor .
' There are people in the parish who do n’t like it and have stayed . '
Critics of the crucifix take issue with what appears to be a large penis covering Jesus ’ abdominal area .
Seeton said the portion of the crucifix in question is meant to be Jesus ’ abdomen ' showing distension ' — not a penis .
Seeton said , ' I ’ve had people who have vocally said that that ’s what they see there .
I ’ve had people who have been just as vocal who said that ’s not what they ’re seeing there . '
Janet Jaime , a local iconography artist who designed the crucifix , had no comment . "
The crucifix is based on the San Damiano Crucifix .
As you can see , it has distended abs too .
A suitcase containing the body of a slain woman was found Tuesday in the bay off the Embarcadero in San Francisco , police said .
The unidentified woman was white or a light - skinned Latina and appeared to be in her 30s , police said .
Her body was in the fetal position inside the case , which was found near Folsom Street and the Embarcadero about 8:45 a.m. , said Lt. Mike Stasko , head of the police homicide detail .
The former spiritual director of Gormanston College has been given a two and a half year suspended prison sentence after he pleaded guilty to a charge of sexually assaulting a young boy .
Fr Ronald Bennett had already been convicted for assaulting other boys while he was in the Co Meath college .
The 75 - year - old Franciscan friar had pleaded guilty to two sample charges of indecently assaulting a teenage boy in the early 1970s .
Trim Circuit Criminal Court had been told that Bennett would summon his victim to his room every week for two years .
He would ask the boy if he knew how to seduce a woman before removing his trousers and abusing him .
Fr Bennett , who has an address at a Franciscan house in Killiney , Co Dublin , has already served a prison term for abusing four boys in the same school .
The victim , who can not be named to protect his identity , told the court that the Franciscans were aware of the abuse for years but did nothing to stop it .
Counsel for the accused , Hugh Hartnett , said his client was now subject to extremely restrictive measures by the Franciscan Order , which in effect amounted to imprisonment in their house .
Judge Donagh McDonagh said Fr Bennett had abused his position of trust as the spiritual director and a sporting coach in the school .
Usually this matter would have been dealt with during the previous case when Fr Bennett received a five year sentence , half of which was suspended .
He also said he was acutely aware of the severe restrictions placed on the defendant by his religious order .
Judge McDonagh imposed a two and a half year sentence , suspended on condition that the accused abides by the restrictions imposed by the Franciscans .
He also placed him on the register of sex offenders for ten years .
The spanish anarchist site alasbarricadas.org interviewed last month members of the exiled Kurdistan Anarchist Forum .
Here is the full interview :
Where are you based ?
I mean , are you living in Kurdistan or in exile or have you emigrated to other places inside Turkey or abroad ?
KAF
We are mainly based in different countries in Europe : UK , Germany , France and Sweden .
We are Kurdish but originally from Iraq not from Turkey .
We all immigrated to Europe at different times but all for political reasons .
How did you become an anarchist ?
And other Kurdish anarchists ?
Is Kurdish anarchism old ?
Do you ‘ fit into ’ any particular tendency inside anarchism [ anarchist - communism , insurrectionalsm , anarchist - syndicalism , eco-anarchism , etc. ] ?
KAF
We all came from different left organisations , for example , communist parties that were controlled from Russia and China , and other Bolshevik organisations .
We became Anarchists the hard way , after first being in a number of different political tendencies like : Maoist , Stalinist , Marxist and Leninist .
Our ideas and activities changed gradually within these movements .
Then when these struggles failed we looked for a different direction .
Eventually we realised that Anarchism is the only way to achieve proper Human Liberation .
This is what we mean by we became Anarchists the hard way .
As far as we know there were no Kurdish anarchist groups , organisations or parties , but that does not mean there were no individual Anarchists .
Do not forget that Iraqi society at the time was almost a prison for its people , and the entire society was suppressed and oppressed by the Regime .
The only political books and information available at the time were Communist Party ones coming out of Russia .
These views , as you know , were against anarchist ideas and full of propaganda against them .
As far as we know there were no anarchist books in Iraq except one from Joseph Proudhon , and the reason why this was available was because Karl Marx had rejected Proudhon ’s politics , philosophy and economic ideas .
The names or terminologies for us are not very important .
What is important for us is setting up local groups within local communities and making connections with other groups whether on a national or international level .
We are happy to have links with all types of anarchists and anarchist groups as long as they do not intervene in our work and struggle against this current system and its representatives ( i.e. the state and corporations ) .
Saying that , we would say we are closest to Anarchist Syndicalism and Anarchist Communism .
Do you support national liberation / self - determination for the Kurdish people ?
[ I 'm not necessarily meaning if you support the creation of the Kurdish state ]
KAF
We are fighting for Social justice .
We are against every type of discrimination , sexism or racism or exploitation whatever its basies , whether it is nationality , sexism or religions [ Exportation whatever on the ground of sexism , sexism that has its basis in sexism ? ] .
We fight to create an anarchist society that is free of all types of exploitation in order for its citizens to enjoy their full rights and duties .
However , we do n’t support any type of state and we would not participate in any activity whose idea was to create any type of state .
But we are in favour of breaking the centralization of the state .
What are your relationships with Turkish anarchists ?
Are you close to any particular group ?
KAF
We have contact with one of the Turkish Anarchist Groups based in Switzerland ( Karakök Otonomu Türkiye / Isvicre ) .
They operate a radio station there .
We also have contact with a Kurdish Anarchist Group that are more Anarcho - Communist .
In addition , we have contact with a group of anarchists from Jordan ( Jordanian - anarchists ) and Iran ( Anarchist Geography ) but in practice we are not that close to them for different reasons .
Do you have any relation with other foreign groups [ Germany , Greece , Armenia , etc. ] ?
KAF
Yes , we have contacts with anarchist groups in the UK ( Haringey Solidarity Group ( HSG ) , Germany ( Anarchistisches Forum Köln and anarchosyndikalismus.org ) and France ( CNT - AIT info ) .
We actively work with them .
As to the Kurdish movement , could you explain to us the present situation in the area ?
Is there [ cultural / ethnic / political ] repression ?
how hard is it ?
KAF
You question is not clear as to whether you mean in Iraq , Iran , Syria or Turkey .
However , if you mean the Kurdish movement in Turkey , there are a few Kurdish organisations , but among them the PKK is the most active and largest party .
However , since their leader was arrested their tactics and strategy have changed .
Currently they have split into 4 organisations : Iraqi Kurdistan , Irani Kurdistan , Syrian Kurdistan and Turkey Kurdistan .
In each , they have their own party and Freedom Fighters .
In Turkey at the moment the PKK have stopped militant fighting against the Turkish state , and are in a position of no war , no peace .
There is a lot to talk about in response to your question which cannot really be answered here .
Are there any Kurdish anarchists in prison ?
What for ?
have any Kurds become anarchist inside prison ?
KAF
We cannot answer this question as we do not have specific information about this .
In Spain we know PKK , because the Basque nationalists ( among other leftists groups ) have some links with them .
What can you tell us of that political organisation ?
How big or important is it ?
Is there still some guerrilla warfare ?
Are there still mousiest / Maoists ?
KAF
We touched on this in the previous question .
We believe that the PKK is a Stalinist , Maoist and terrorist organisation that was created in the climate of terror , suppression and oppression .
The military , fascist and racist government in Turkey pushed the situation further and further until the announcement of the birth of a radical , popular but suicidal organisation , the PKK .
In our opinion they serve neither their cause nor that of the working class .
In fact , what they do by their actions is give justification to the military government to damage the Kurdish question nationally and internationally .
they ( PKK & Turkish Government ) have caused the destruction of so many Villages and small towns , displacing million of people , killing so many innocent people .
The Turkish government and the PKK actually help each other .
The PKK makes the Turkish government stronger , and the working class issue much weaker .
At the same time , the way the Turkish government has tackled the problem has made the PKK stronger - at least in some parts of Kurdistan .
These actions by both of them have made the working class and anarchist movement in Turkey weaker and weaker .
Are there other groups apart from PKK acting against Turkish army / state in Kurdistan ?
KAF
There are certainly other Kurdish Groups active against the Turkish government but these do not use guerrilla tactics .
They believe in struggling against the government through peaceful ways .
They will use any possible kind of struggle that serves their cause but avoiding armed struggle .
We are not sure there are any groups apart from the PKK using armed struggles against the Turkish government .
What is your relationship with other leftists groups ?
KAF
We do not have any relationships with other leftist groups .
What has been the influence of Iraq 's war in Turkey / Kurdistan ?
Has political repression risen ?
Has the Kurdish autonomy in Iraq [ virtually independence ] improved the desire for the independence of Kurds in Turkey ?
KAF
The Iraq war period was probably not a good time for the PKK .
During this particular period , all the PKK ’s enemies , including the USA , Western countries , Iraqi and Kurdish main parties ( PUK & PDK ) and their forces , got together and controlled the territories as they were happy to fight the PKK if it was necessary .
In fact , the PKK was surrounded by all the forces mentioned above .
At the same time Turkey was in a good position to fight the PKK without fear from USA .
America was happy to support this dirty war and closed its eyes to it and its victims as long as Turkey let the big powers use its land as a base for the occupation of Iraq .
We do not think that during the Iraqi war the repression & suppression was beyond its normal levels .
This was because the PKK kept a low profile and stopped any major operations or attacks .
The spirit for Kurdish independence in Iraq might have increased with the setting up of Kurdish self - rule in Iraqi ’s Kurdistan but did not help or support the Kurdish question in Turkey for two reasons :
The Kurdish Self - rule in Iraqi ’s Kurdistan , as before , has always been very much in a compromised position with the Turkish government for political , trade and economic reasons .
so that they did not mind to sacrifice all Kurdish and their cause in Turkey for their own safety and survival .
By setting up Kurdish self - rule in Iraq it meant Iran , Syria and Turkey became very close as there is a ethnic Kurdish minority in each of their countries .
With an alliance between the three of them the PKK became a major enemy , and this squeezed the PKK movement in Turkey .
Further , Turkey managed to force the leaders of Kurds self - rule in Iraq to cooperate with them in fighting against the PKK although most of the time the Kurds would fight them alone , but with the military support of Turkey especially By Fighter Planes .
How is the economic situation there ?
Is there any kind of labour resistance / radical unionism in Kurdistan ?
KAF
The economic situation for Kurdish self - rule , until the war , was very bad .
But , since the collapse of Saddam Hussein it has been getting much better .
The USA have spent a lot of money there to bribe people and also to isolate Islamic terrorist groups and the PKK as well .
After the uprising in 1991 many organisations emerged and most of them were leftist - from women ’s movement , union , student – and they tried to unite .
In addition to this a strong worker movement emerged at the factory level which they organise themselves .
There was also very good links between them and the unemployed organisation ( Unemployed Trade Union in Kurdistan ) .
These groups could never overcome their leftist influences , and their methods of struggle , organising tactics and their strategies were exactly the same as the Bolshevik and Social Democrat parties who were gradually getting smaller and smaller until they completed disappeared .
You have talked about the Uprising in 1991 .
Could give us more information about what have happened ?
KAF
To answer this question we need a brief explanation of the Iraq situation before the Uprising in general and Kurdistan in particular .
There was no doubt that Iraq - Iran war brought a disaster on Iraqi and Iranian people and at the same time it weakened the regime in Iraq .
Both governments in Iraq and Iran have had their motivation to go to war and for different reasons while both of them were in a big crisis .
During the Iraq - Iran war there was a feeling that the Iraqi regime had lost power over its own people .
This was to some extent was right when people in Iraq saw their life had got worse , things had got very expensive and we had to wait in a long queue to get it , every day hundreds or more dead bodies returned to the parent and relatives , the hospital , schools , the rest of the offices , factories , companies with many more of offices or the administration were getting empty either because they had been called by the regime to join the military service or because many of them refused to join the military service and had gone underground or had been transferred to protect the streets , public places in case of riots or uprising .
In addition to this people were very well aware of the propaganda machine about the war , aim of the war , the future of the war that all was a pure lie .
The regime on one hand tried to bribe those families who had lost their son , daughters , parent in the front lines of the war , on the other hand tried to suppress and oppress any opposition voice by using a very heavy hand .
In Kurdistan , because of the existing Kurdish movement , although it was becoming very week and many of them had abandoned their struggles by moving to the neighbouring countries or Europe , USA or Canada , the regime has used a few different tactics from what he used it in south and middle of Iraq , like : using chemical weapons , the Campaign of Anfal ( 1 ) and moving all the far villages from the town to a concentration camps and destroyed all the original villages and the people ’s belongs even their cattle , animals whatever they had in the villages .
The situation in both parts of Iraq , south and north became intolerable and pushed people to make complaints , small protests in different areas .
When the war finished the regime in Iraq became weaker and its crisis was getting deeper and deeper .
So Saddam Hussein tried to find a way to get out of these crises .
So the only way to get out of this was launching another war in the gulf .
Of course this happened with approval and the support from America , CIA .
The consequence of the war was terrible as thousands and thousands of soldiers and ordinary people were killed and made the situation unbearable .
By the time when the war ended the situation were getting ripe for emerging so many different organisations against the regime in south , middle and north of Iraq , particularly in north , Kurdistan .
The Iraqi forces have already evacuated in many places and have lost control over the distance Areas from the main towns .
At this time the whole Kurdish movement became very week and was almost about abandoning its entire army struggles .
By 1991 the time had arrived for uprising , A few months before March 91 some of the lefties organisation prepared themselves for something like , later called Uprising by contacting most of the rest of the origination and the individuals , collecting weapons and bringing them to the big towns , publicity preparation and the starting points with the starting places .
In the end the uprising happened and almost whoever was able to get out of home has taken a part in it .
In a matter of a couple of days most of the small towns and a couple of big towns had fell under the control of people .
The people had used revenges against the regime agent and spy and people from the Intelligence organisation ( Istkhbarat ) in a barbaric way by killing and executing so many of them that people thought they had a contact with the regime and have blood on their hands without trial , court or any thing .
When the people realised that the regime ’s force completely defeated then the Soviets ” Shura ” ( 2 ) in the neighbourhood , school , hospital and the rest of places of work have been set up by the workers , student , the local people and the member of the lefties , communist organisations to carry out the necessary work in the community .
The situation was getting serious and dangerous for the high class , the bosses because this experience was about to spread in everywhere in Kurdistan and even in Iraq .
The US , Briton and the regions especially the neighbouring countries have observed and examined the situation very closely and seriously .
So they tried to abort the Uprising before completely succeed and spread in elsewhere .
The first step was to revive their agents in Kurdistan in getting close to whole organisation and fraction that involved in Kurdish movement while at the time of uprising and before that they almost disappeared especially in the army way .
Then they intervened directly to send their own spy and agents and give advice to the forces that were in the opposition against the uprising because they have already lost control and influences among people .
Many of the individuals who have already left Kurdistan went back and gradually with the support and help of CIA and MI6 took control on almost every administration .
At the same time they created a situation and persuaded people or at least did not mind when people had taken whatever was valuable including most of the equipments in hospitals , schools , universities and the rest of the government ’s building .
To stop this disorder , they organised the police and soldiers forces .
At the same time they tried to weaken the Shuras by using various propaganda against them , taking over their buildings , asking the organisation to register themselves with the government and getting permission for protests , rallies and demonstrations .
This new administration by 1992 became stable and almost was in control everywhere with the entire support of US , Briton and Europe .
There was the first election in May 1992 for Kurdish self - rule parliament .
The election was fake and both major originations PUK ( Kurdish united patriotic ) and KDP ( Kurdish Democratic Party ) between themselves decided they won the election by 50 % each of them and they set up their own government .
By 1994 when the Kurdish self - rule was completely established with the support of west and USA , the Shuras had been disappeared and the trace of Uprising you could only find in the history museum .
And now it was the time for the internal war between PUK and PDK over money , power and influences .
This war lasted until 1998 and ended under the threat of USA .
Of course there was another factor for defeating the people ’s movement and its Uprising .
The threat of the lefty ’s organisation to the Shuras was no less danger than the USA & the rest as they used this threat in a different way .
The struggles between themselves to control the people ’s movement and its achievement , the Shura , were a great threat and badly damaged the movement by making it very week .
They all were happy to sacrifice the Uprising to their politics .
(1) Anfal :
It was a campaign was launched by the government against Kurdish people in 198os ( the first Anfal was in 1982 and second Anfal was 1988 ) in this campaign the regime evacuated the entire people for the far villages , the number estimated by 180,000 people who are completely disappeared .
(2) ” Shura ” Soviets , The Council of the worker
What is your opinion on the so - called revolt in Iran ?
Is it possible that from that reformist ’s fighter could arise a solid anarchist faction ?
It might not be realistic for us to be so optimistic to expect from current revolt a solid Anarchist movement will be emerged .
But before we are coming to that conclusion we need to remind ourselves that the CIA and the West brought Ayatollah Khomeini and his party to power in a reluctant way .
We say in a reluctant way because almost everybody in Iran was involved in the Uprising , therefore USA and the West was between couples of choices : Ayatollah Khomeini or people ’s power .
In other words between a minor enemy and a major enemy , so they have gone for the minor enemy .
In the same time they thought it will be easy to control the Mullah s power or tame them especially after involving Iran in a long war with Iraq .
They knew that the war given them a great benefits and advantage as first the war is the best weapons to defeat the powerful resistance that had existed there before the uprising .
Secondly the war makes both regimes in Iran and Iraq very week and through this they can play a big role in controlling the situation and finally bringing back the USA & the West forces , their politics into the region , in addition to achieve financial gain .
And now 30 years is too long and USA could not have big influences over the regime to achieve what they wanted in the first place .
In the same time people have had enough with the regime .
People ’s life in respect of freedom , economic has not got better and certainly their Social life has got worse , this is apart form that almost every family in Iran lost one of its beloved during the long war between Iran and Iraq that lasted for 8 years .
This situation is getting worse day by day and people lives in a big fair there when they hear that the so called “ international community ” using sanction against them or the idiot regime may involve them in another long war .
We can say that the people were looking for some sort of crisis that can be happened and opens a door for them to protest against the regime .
We believe that the election was a perfect pretext for people especially when some powerful people with the support of USA and some countries in the west could be seen supporting the protest .
However , the protest has become very bloody but surely no everybody is on the side of the “ Green revolution ” .
As we said above the majority of people in Iran have been fed up with the regime and the situation and they want changes .
The demonstration and the protest were emerged from every section of the Society .
We believe the vast majority of the protests are nothing to do with Mossawi or his supporters , but while the regime is very brutal as we saw it in oppressing the protester , it was difficult for people to come up independently and in obvious way demanding the regime change .
They need to express there unsatisfaction and their hatter against the system through or under umbrella of the powerful people that who are a part of the System because of a couple of reasons : 1 - if they came out without connecting themselves to the main stream of the protester they would have been faced a savage , brutal ; suppression that cause so many death .
2 - Again if they came out as independent groups there was a possibility for Moussawi and the rest of the powerful people who supported the protest to reconcile with the government .
This could be happened because both of them , the government and the opposition , would face a very serious danger that threats the entire regime and their politics .
However , we think the protest will be continuing , stronger and goes forward that may some major changes take place by the end of the year .
We are aware of that the Anarchist movement in Iran is strong but we are not sure whether they can organise themselves against the authoritarian , the power to achieve what they have been struggled for in the past and also whether they have got a lesion from the past .
We have noticed that some Kurdish Social movements are more and more fed up with those Maoists parties , leftist political groups and their practices and they are being progressively substituted by an anarchist / grassroots practice .
Is this affirmation ?
That is true .
People are fed up with them and from their experience they realised that these originations have already bankrupted but as we mentioned in our answers to your previous questions we have not seen the Anarchists movement neither in Kurdistan nor in Iraq .
While everybody is fed up and wants changes , a huge number of the population has organised themselves in the movement called “ Changes , movement for changes ” .
This has not yet formed it selves in the party or a proper organisation yet .
They are not really different from the old organisation or the current one that is leading the Kurdish Self - rule .
We believe that this like the many before will be a failure experience as well .
Whether later on people substituted by anarchist / grassroots practice ?
It is difficult to be optimistic about this .
But we are very much sure the grassroots movement in the nearest future will organise themselves and may form some Anarchist or libertarian origination .
Please refer to our answer to your previous question for as to why we believe there is a ground for emerging Anarchist movement .
Do you think anarchists ideas can develop well in Kurdistan ?
Are there some communitarian traditions similar to the anarchist practice ?
[ In some places this situation happens ; Kropotkin put it well in Mutual Aid ]
KAF
We definitely believe anarchist ideas could develop in Kurdistan .
It is not just that we believe in anarchism .
Anarchism is the right struggle and will be a very strong movement in the near future because :
All the old ways of struggles from guerrilla war , to sham voting , to relying on the various kinds of leftist organisations from PUK , KDP , Communist party , all Islamic groups , liberals and Communist Worker Party have all been shown to be bankrupt and cannot escape from complete defeat as they lose the confidence and trust amongst poor and ordinary people .
There are many , many basic rights that have already been won in the Western , US , Canada and Scandinavian , but in Iraq or Kurdistan these basics are still a main or daily demand among the ordinary people .
Again the corruption that infected every level of administration from the bottom of society to the very top ( like Parliament ) has recently become a major issue and has become the top priority of the list of demands that people are struggling for .
The relationship between individual people within the community is still extremely strong and this makes it very easy to trust each other and have collective action or struggles .
Final words ... you can say what you want …
KAF
We are trying to do our best to write on different Kurdish websites to persuade people of our politics , going to Kurdish Seminars , and translating old Anarchist texts and articles .
We are also making people there aware of what is going on in the rest of the world .
Bezprostřední a téměř neustálý fyzický kontakt matky a dítěte v prvním půlroce života .
Takový je recept amazonských indiánů na bezproblémové osamostatnění dítěte v pozd ějším věku .
Vychovávají své potomky skutečně lépe než my ?
Kdy ž se psycholog začne zabývat odkazem primitivních kultur moderní civilizaci , bývá akademickou obcí šmahem odsouzen .
Zřejmě proto , že šamanismus a praktiky přírodních národů si získávají nekritické zastánce mezi širokou veřejností .
Nadšené stoupence si v našich zeměpisných šířkách našel i „ koncept kontinua “ – výchovný model inspirovaný životem venezuelského kmene Yequanů .
Zkusme ho nezaujatě posoudit a porovnat s názory moderní psychologie .
Je kočárek pro dítě vězením ?
Psychoterapeutka Jean Liedloffová , která strávila s Yequany v Jižní Americe několik let , napsala již v polovině sedmdesátých let úspěšnou knihu o jejich přístupu k výchově .
Tento světový bestseller se u nás objevil až před pár lety .
Nicméně i zde si získal stoupence a následovatele .
Autorka v knize jasně vysvětluje , jak se máme po způsobu indiánů chovat k novorozeňatům a batolatům , a výslovně tento způsob výchovy staví proti evropskému modelu .
Ten totiž podle ní způsobuje asociální chování a lidskou nejistotu .
Co tedy doporučuje ?
V prvé řadě apeluje na bezprostřední kontakt – dítě první půlrok až osm měsíců téměř neopouštět a mít je co nejblíže vlastnímu tělu .
Indiánky je nosí v šátku při všem , co dělají , ať už vaří , nosí vodu , nebo sbírají dřevo .
Dítě se tak stává přirozenou součástí lidského světa a je mu stále poskytováno základní bezpečí , které pak vytvoří jeho důvěru v tento svět .
Na západní výchově Liedloffová kritizuje , že děti tráví příliš času samy v nečinnosti – v postýlkách či v kočárku , kde mají kvůli omezenému výhledu jednak málo podnětů a jednak trpí izolací .
Novorozenci neumí žít jinak než v přítomnosti , a pokud momentálně matka chybí , chybí jakoby napořád .
Děťátko si nedokáže říct , že máma za chvilku přijde .
Nehoupej se , spadne š
Po tomto období , tedy jakmile dítě začne lézt , Liedloffová naopak doporučuje dítě s důvěrou vypouštět do světa a nekontrolovat je při každém kroku .
Popisuje , jak se u indiánů přesvědčila o obrovském pudu sebezáchovy malých batolat , kterým nikdo nebránil , aby lezla v džungli nebo si dokonce hrála s nabroušen ými noži .
Naši úzkostnou péči o bezpečí dítěte považuje za nešťastnou , neboť může fungovat jako sebenaplňující se proroctví : když se dítěti například dlouho opakuje , že se nemá houpat , protože spadne , tak nakonec jednou opravdu spadne .
Jak na tento přístup reaguje současná psychologie ?
Etolog Adolf Portmann upozorňuje , že člověk patří k zoologickému druhu , který svá mláďata nosí .
Stejně tak německý profesor B. Hassenstein na základě postavení kyčlí a úchopového reflexu člověka dokazuje , že jsme přírodou předurčeni k tomu , abychom byli „ nošenci “ .
Po statisíce let matky děti nosily , a to zřejm ě na levém boku .
Dítě bylo u matčina srdce , jehož rytmick ý tlukot je uklidňuje , bylo také u matčina prsu , který mu je zdrojem potravy .
Co nejtěsnější tělesnou blízkost matky a dítěte v raném stadiu vývoje doporučuje i německá psycholožka českého původu Jiřina Prekopová , která rozvinula terapii pevným objetím .
Zdůrazňuje i jiné výhody nošení dítěte : „ Během doby v šátku na těle matky se dítě naučí mimo jiné vyjadřovat svou zlost vůči matce a konfrontovat se tak dlouho , dokud se opět nespojí se svými city k matce , “ píše ve své knize Kdybyste věděli , jak vás miluji .
„ Evropská výchova opoziční projevy často trestá , a my se proto neučíme konflikty řešit , ale vyhýbat se jim . “
Ozývají se však i pochybovačné názory .
Například nestor české dětské psychologie Zdeněk Matějček napsal : „ Sám si nemyslím , že by prosperita dítěte byla nošením nějak zajištěna . “
Pravda je , že výzkumem to zatím prokázáno nebylo , hlavně z toho důvodu , že spolehlivé srovnávací studie v této oblasti lze naplánovat a provádět velmi těžko .
Nakonec ani to , že děti venezuelských indiánů byly nezvykle klidné a spokojené , nemusí být dáno jejich nošením v šátku , ale například genetick ými predispozicemi .
Věda neposvětí , praxe ano ?
To , co přímo neposvětil vědecký výzkum , si „ pokusně “ začaly ověřovat matky zmíněné komunity nadšenců .
Jedna z nich píše : „ Byla jsem okolím varována , že dítě svou neustálou přítomností rozmazlím .
Opak byl ale pravdou .
Ve tři čtvrtě roce byl syn velmi samostatný a společenský , z mé nepřítomnosti si nic nedělal . “
V tomto ohledu můžeme chápat největší poučení z celé knihy – výchova , která považuje za nutné od nejútlej šího věku dítě konfrontovat s neuspokojením jeho potřeb , často produkuje neurotické jedince .
Když základní potřeby lásky a svobody nejsou nasyceny , hledají děti náhradní uspokojení .
Jako zvlášť ú činná se ukazuje dobrá výkonnost .
Dítě se snaží co nejlépe uspět a stále na sebe strhává pozornost matky .
Tím rodiče vlastně dosahují opaku , než svou výchovou původně zamýšleli .
Zatímco tato část odkazu
Yequanů je pro mnoho dnešních matek inspirativní , ta druhá – která vyžaduje větší důvěru v jejich bezpečí – naráží na nezpochybnitelné kulturní rozdíly .
Z autorčina popisu vyplývá , že indiáni na rozdíl od nás více vyznávají fatalismus a mají díky tomu odlišný přístup k smrti ( odmítali například odvézt i těžce nemocné do nemocnice ) .
Snadn ěji se tedy dokážou vypořádat s případným poraněním dítěte .
Nicméně apel na důvěru v přirozené schopnosti dítěte a jeho instinktivní potřebu včlenit se řádně do lidského společenství je dobré následovat .
Autorka je psycholožka .
Kde se dozvíte víc ?
Využívejte celý web .
Předplatné
LIEDLOFF , Jean .
Princip kontinua .
Praha : DharmaGaia , 2007 .
PREKOPOVÁ , Jiřina .
Malý tyran .
Praha : Portál , 2009 .
MATĚJČEK , Zdeněk .
Prvních šest let ve vývoji a výchově dítěte .
Praha : Grada .
2005 .
Toilets from Around the World Posted on Wednesday , February 13 2008
Where weight loss is concerned , the maxim has traditionally be ‘ slow and steady wins the day ’ .
I ’ve lost count of the number of times I ’ve heard that rapid weight loss generally leads to rapid weight regain too .
Like a lot of nutritional ‘ truths ’ though , a recent study suggest that this meme is wildly misleading .
If anything , more rapid weight loss appears to lead to better results in the long term .
The study in question was published on - line last week in the International Journal of Behavioral Medicine [ 1 ] .
In this study , middle - aged women ( average age 59 ) reduced calories and upped their exercise levels to an extent calculated to bring about a weight loss of 0.45 kg ( 1 lb ) a week over a 6 - month period .
The study participants then engaged in a year - long ‘ maintenance ’ programme .
The researchers undertook an analysis of the initial rate of weight loss and how they fared in the long term .
The women were categorised according to the following criteria :
‘ Fast ’ losers : initial weight loss of 0.68 kg or more each week
‘ Moderate ’ losers : initial loss of between 0.23-0.67 kg per week
‘ Slow ’ lowers : initial loss of less than 0.23 kg per week
At 6 months , the weight loss results of these groups was :
‘ Fast ’ losers : 13.5 kg
‘ Moderate ’ losers : 8.9 kg
‘ Slow ’ lowers : 5.1 kg
At 18 months , the losses were :
‘ Fast ’ losers : 10.9 kg
‘ Moderate ’ losers : 7.1 kg
‘ Slow ’ lowers : 3.7 kg
All these results were statistically significant .
In other words , more rapid weight loss initially was associated with better results in the medium and long term .
The authors of this study concluded : “ Collectively , findings indicate both short - and long - term advantages to fast initial weight loss .
Fast weight losers obtained greater weight reduction and long - term maintenance , and were not more susceptible to weight regain than gradual weight losers . ”
Now , there are several potential explanation for why more rapid losers did better in the long term .
One is , they did more in terms of cutting calories / upping activity .
Another is that they had greater propensity to lose weight , say for metabolic reasons ( e.g. generally more rapid metabolic rates ) .
It is possible , therefore , that more rapid weight loss does not cause better results ( the two things might just be associated with each other ) .
However , what the results of this study do suggest , that more rapid weight loss is not a barrier to sustained weight loss .
If anything , faster weight loss initially may augur well for those looking to the long term .
References :
1. Nackers LM , et al .
The Association Between Rate of Initial Weight Loss and Long - Term Success in Obesity Treatment : Does Slow and Steady Win the Race ?
International Journal of Behavioral Medicine 5 May 2010 [ epub ahead of print ]
Dr Briffa ’s new book – Waist Disposal – the Ultimate Fat Loss Manual for Men – is now available .
To learn more about the book click here .
To buy Waist Disposal from amazon.co.uk click here .
Published online 5 May 2010 | Nature 465 , 16 - 17 ( 2010 ) | doi:10.1038/465016a
News
Computational biologists grapple with RNA 's complexity .
One of the most beautiful aspects of the genetic code is its simplicity : three letters of DNA combine in 64 different ways , easily spelled out in a handy table , to encode the 20 standard amino acids that combine to form a protein .
RNA : a difficult beast to predict .
LAGUNA DESIGN / SPL
But between DNA and proteins comes RNA , and an expanding realm of complexity .
RNA is a shape - shifter , sometimes carrying genetic messages and sometimes regulating them , adopting a multitude of structures that can affect its function .
In a paper published in this issue ( see page 53 ) , a team of researchers led by Benjamin Blencowe and Brendan Frey of the University of Toronto in Ontario , Canada , reports the first attempt to define a second genetic code : one that predicts how segments of messenger RNA transcribed from a given gene can be mixed and matched to yield multiple products in different tissues , a process called alternative splicing .
This time there is no simple table — in its place are algorithms that combine more than 200 different features of DNA with predictions of RNA structure .
The work highlights the rapid progress that computational methods have made in modelling the RNA landscape .
In addition to understanding alternative splicing , informatics is helping researchers to predict RNA structures , and to identify the targets of small regulatory snippets of RNA that do not encode protein .
" It 's an exciting time , " says Christopher Burge , a computational biologist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge .
" There 's going to be a lot of progress in the next few years . "
The floodgates were opened by high - throughput technologies that allow researchers to compile comprehensive catalogues of RNA molecules found in various tissues and under different environmental conditions .
Such techniques revealed that 95 % of the human genome is alternatively spliced , and that changes in this process accompany many diseases .
But no one knew how to predict which form of a particular gene would be expressed in a given tissue .
" The splicing code is a problem that we 've been bashing our heads against for years , " says Burge .
" Now we finally have the technologies we need . "
“ The splicing code is a problem that we 've been bashing our heads against for years . ”
Blencowe and Frey 's team used the masses of data generated by these technologies to train a computer algorithm to predict the outcome of alternative splicing in mice .
Given the DNA sequence of a particular gene , the algorithm predicts which segments of that DNA sequence will be included in a final messenger RNA molecule in one of four tissue types : the central nervous system , muscle , the digestive system and embryos .
The model works well , says Burge , and is an important technological advance .
But he hopes that it will be refined to mimic more closely the mechanism that the cellular splicing machinery uses to make its choices .
Wiggle and jiggle
The sequence of letters in an RNA molecule is not the only determinant of how the molecule will function .
Its three - dimensional structure can also affect how it interacts with other molecules , including drugs that are designed to target it .
" RNA forms highly flexible structures that wiggle and jiggle just due to thermal motion , " says Hashim Al - Hashimi , a biophysicist at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor .
" It is very difficult to define them as a static structure . "
Structures of the same molecule determined using various techniques sometimes look wildly different , Al - Hashimi adds , because RNA is sensitive to even small variations in its environment .
As a result , researchers including Al - Hashimi are eager to develop methods that will predict the three - dimensional structure of RNA on the basis of its sequence .
At present , experimental techniques that reveal how an RNA molecule folds back on itself — its secondary structure — are fairly advanced .
For example , in 2009 , Kevin Weeks , a chemist at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and his colleagues reported the full secondary structure of the HIV - 1 genome — a strand of RNA about 9,000 letters long ( J. M. Watts et al. Nature 460 , 711–716 ; 2009 ) .
Al - Hashimi has developed a method that combines such two - dimensional structures with knowledge of the constraints on RNA flexibility to predict aspects of the three - dimensional structure ( M. H. Bailor et al. Science 327 , 202–206 ; 2010 ) .
But automated programs for predicting three - dimensional structures are still quite limited in scope and need refining , says Tamar Schlick , a computational chemist at New York University .
Much of the enthusiasm for understanding RNA is motivated by the discovery of small RNAs that do not code for protein , yet can regulate gene expression .
The hunt is on to catalogue these RNAs and their targets — a quest aided by advances in algorithm design and the accumulation of genome sequences .
This allows researchers to search the vast stretches of noncoding DNA between genes : the conservation of sections in many species could suggest that they have important functions .
ADVERTISEMENT
But enthusiasm for finding functional noncoding RNAs may be getting out of hand , cautions Sean Eddy , a computational biologist at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute 's Janelia Farm research campus in Ashburn , Virginia .
Teams have reported thousands of such RNAs , but few researchers have followed up to confirm exactly what these RNAs do , or whether the molecules are simply aborted mistakes made by the machinery that converts DNA to RNA .
For now , Burge says he is enjoying the ongoing renaissance in RNA informatics .
" These new technologies have given me hope . "
See News and Views , page 45 .
Intel and Nokia joined forces earlier this year when they combined their mobile Linux operating systems to create MeeGo , an open source platform that is designed to support multiple hardware architectures and a wide range of mobile and embedded device form factors .
The project officially launched last month when the source code and initial installable disk images became available .
The MeeGo project took another big step forward this week with the release of MeeGo 1.0 and the launch of the MeeGo Netbook User Experience project , which aims to deliver a MeeGo - based computing environment that is tailored for optimal performance and usability on netbook devices .
The Netbook User Experience , which draws heavily from Intel 's Moblin project , offers a rich user interface shell that is built with the open source Clutter framework .
It is a much - improved version of the Moblin user interface that we explored last year and reviewed on the Dell Mini 10v .
Pragmatic compromises
We conducted extensive testing of the MeeGo 1.0 Netbook User Experience on the same Mini 10 v to see how it compares to its Moblin predecessor .
The underlying design philosophy is largely unchanged , but a number of significant differences are apparent in the application stack .
In the transition from Moblin to MeeGo , Intel seems to have significantly reined in its ambitions by making a number of pragmatic compromises .
Several components from Moblin that were built largely from scratch have been discarded in MeeGo in favor of existing Linux software .
A particularly noteworthy example of such an exchange is the Web browser .
Moblin 2 had its own custom
Web browser that brought together a unique Clutter - based user interface and Mozilla 's Gecko HTML rendering engine .
It was a very compelling idea because it opened the door to a browsing experience with rich visual affects and more fluid platform integration .
Although the concept is intriguing in theory , it was very difficult for Intel to execute on .
The custom browser was incomplete and somewhat dysfunctional when we reviewed Moblin last year .
Intel has ditched the custom browser and chose to adopt Google Chrome for MeeGo .
Chromium running on MeeGo 1.0
The Internet tab in MeeGo's user interface shell integrates with Google 's browser
Chrome is robust , increasingly mature , and beginning to attract a considerable following .
The Ubuntu development community has also embraced Google 's browser and recently chose to adopt it as the default for the next major version of the Ubuntu Netbook Edition .
Placement in MeeGo , Ubuntu , and Chrome OS could potentially make Chrome the dominant Web browser on the next generation of Linux - based netbooks .
It 's a good choice for MeeGo , but the downside is that it will never have the kind of seamless integration that was possible with a custom browser .
Another area where compromise is evident is the e-mail client .
Moblin 's slick Anjal e-mail tool — a specialized front - end of GNOME 's Evolution e-mail client — has been discarded in favor of Evolution Express , a new front - end that is more conventional .
We praised Anjal in our review of Moblin 2 because it offered a novel approach to improving the e-mail experience on small screens .
Evolution Express , by comparison , is little more than an incrementally pared down variation of Evolution 's standard desktop user interface .
Although it is less innovative , Evolution Express is more robust and complete .
It benefits from the maturity of the existing Evolution code base and is easier to maintain upstream .
In a detailed blog entry , Novell 's Michael Meeks recently described how Evolution Express was developed and explains the rationale behind the change in direction .
Despite the cuts , there is still a lot of innovation to be found in MeeGo 1.0 for netbooks .
The Moblin shell , which is developed with the open source Clutter framework and provides easy access to key functionality of the platform , is still present in MeeGo and has a number of nice improvements .
It 's now possible to configure the tab order and select which tabs should be shown .
MeeGo has also inherited Moblin 's brilliant Zones system , an intuitive and self - managing variant of virtual desktops .
MeeGo's Zone management tab
Banshee integration
Novell 's excellent Banshee media player has been adopted for inclusion in the MeeGo project and is tightly integrated with the platform .
The media tab in the MeeGo shell provides quick access to your Banshee music library and also has built in controls for playback .
Clicking the Banshee icon on the media tab will launch a special version of Banshee that has been customized for small screens and conformance with MeeGo 's visual style .
MeeGo's media tab , with an integrated Banshee - based player
The Banshee media player running on MeeGo
Banshee is a good choice for MeeGo because it is highly modular , easy to extend with plugins , and has a rich feature set .
Banshee developer Aaron Bockover wrote a blog entry this week that discusses Banshee 's MeeGo integration and some of the relevant technical details .
During our testing of MeeGo 1.0 , we found that any MP3 files that are placed in the Music folder in the user 's home directory will automatically be added to Banshee 's library , making the music instantly accessible through the MeeGo shell 's multimedia tab .
MeeGo has benefited from a lot of upstream improvements that have landed over the past year in several of the included desktop applications .
The Empathy instant messaging client , for example , has matured considerably .
Empathy is integrated very well in MeeGo , much like it was in Moblin .
The People tab displays the user 's buddy list , provides easy access to active conversations , and also has a convenient combo box for setting your status .
During our tests , we connected it to Facebook Chat and found that it worked well .
The MeeGo chat tab , configured to display Facebook chat contacts
Look and feel
MeeGo's look and feel builds on Moblin 's style , but there are some noticeable differences .
There are a lot more gradients , which give the widgets a somewhat stronger sense of depth .
Bright colors are used for highlighting throughout the user interface .
There is a lot of padding everywhere , particularly in the massive window titlebars .
The collection of silhouette and tile icons—used in the shell and in applications — is much more complete and consistent .
Moblin really looked great , but there were places where the style was broken , not fully applied , or just inconsistent .
A lot of those things have been fixed in MeeGo , giving a more complete view of the designers ' aesthetic vision .
It looks gorgeous , modern , and distinctive .
The general feel of the thing is highly suggestive of an appliance , which is a very positive characteristic for a netbook user interface .
A number of the UI stylings are very well done , but the brightly colored highlights are a bit much in some places , particularly the rainbow icons in the shell tabs .
It 's worth noting that the style is still a work in progress .
Although a number of the little glitches have been fixed , there are still a handful of things that are visibly broken — such as progress bars where the fill leaks out of the border .
The MeeGo shell 's Home tab
The MeeGo shell 's Devices tab
MeeGo's application browser
A custom version of GNOME 's Nautilus file manager that is included in MeeGo
Riddles in the dark
It 's really important to understand that the MeeGo 1.0 Netbook builds that are made available by the MeeGo project are not a production - ready Linux distribution .
The images include a core MeeGo environment , but are missing a lot of the things that you would need to make practical use of it on conventional netbook hardware .
When we tested it on the 10v , we had to plug in an Ethernet cable because it did not support the device 's WiFi hardware .
It also lacked the proper configuration for the 10 v touchpad and the media player was unable to play MP3 files due to lack of codec support .
These kinds of limitations are n't flaws in MeeGo per se ; they merely reflect the fact that it 's not a full Linux distro .
Providing hardware drivers and codecs is left as an exercise for the hardware vendors that will be shipping MeeGo on their devices .
Unfortunately , the downside is that regular end users who want to start playing with MeeGo today can't just install it on their personal netbooks with the expectation that it will function properly .
It 's possible that a mainstream Linux distributor will fill that gap and offer a build of MeeGo on top of a full , conventional Linux distribution with proper hardware support and all of the other necessary features .
Novell is the most likely candidate , because the company has worked very closely with Intel to develop a lot of MeeGo 's functionality .
The company also used to have an openSUSE Moblin variant nicknamed Goblin .
One of the company 's designers jokingly proposed the awesome name " Smeegol " ( SUSE MeeGo Linux ) for a possible openSUSE version of MeeGo , but it 's still unclear if such a thing will be released .
Conclusion
Although we 're a bit disappointed that the MeeGo netbook environment wo n't be able to deliver on Moblin 's full potential at launch , the compromises make a lot of sense and are necessary in order to ensure that the product functions properly and meets the needs of users .
The whole environment is decidedly less ambitious and innovative than Moblin , but the cuts are n't deep enough to undermine the core vision .
In that sense , the trade - offs that the developers have made to get MeeGo to market on netbooks are sound .
The user experience is good , the software functions well , and the look and feel is excellent .
Users who want to download it themselves can obtain the disk image from the MeeGo website .
For additional details , see the official release announcement and release notes .
Police Shoot Family Dogs During Raid ( Disturbing Video )
A Columbia , Missouri police SWAT team raids a home and shoots at the family ’s two dogs , killing at least one , as their children look on .
They found a “ small amount ” of marijuana , enough for a misdemeanor charge .
The parents were then charged with child endangerment .
Tip o’ the hat to Morgan !
Berlin - based newcomer Neofonie launches a competitor to the seemingly almighty computer maker from California .
The German " WePad " hopes to draw fans by offering a lower price and features the iPad is lacking - notably Flash support .
By Ralf Sander
Patience , people .
That 's Apple 's message to its European followers .
While the California computer maker will start selling its eagerly awaited " iPad " tablet on April 3rd in the U.S. , customers in Paris , London and Munich will have to show a little zen .
They wo n't be able to buy the novel Internet surfboard until the end of April .
Plenty of time for little - known German IT outfit Neofonie to grab some headlines with its cheekily named " WePad " - a touch - screen tablet promising similar functionality at a lower price , and without the restrictions that Apple imposes on software in its " App Store " , which serves the iPad as well as iPhone and iPod Touch .
As customers and partners know , Apple can be a fickle mistress .
In numerous cases , the company has proved willing to wield absolute power over the closed system of hardware and software that it controls .
Since the App Store opened in 2007 , a variety of apps have suddenly disappeared due to alleged violations of Apple 's rules , such as a no-nudity clause .
( In fact , stern . de's own iApp was briefly banned a while ago for supposedly revealing too much skin . )
In addition , Apple has so far refused to support Adobe 's Flash technology in the browsers of its mobile iDevices , citing technical reasons .
The multimedia software is used for almost 75 percent of all video streaming on the Web , according to Adobe .
" An open approach "
" WePad " maker Neofonie , in contrast , promises " an open approach " to all aspects of its product .
" We do n't want to put up any barriers for our users , partners or software developers " , says chief executive Helmut Hoffer von Ankershoffen .
For its tablet , the Berlin - based company uses many of the same , off - the - shelf components common in netbooks - which helps to keep the cost down .
Powered by an Intel " Atom " processor running at 1.6 gigahertz , the iPad rival offers an 11.6 - inch touchscreen with a resolution of 1366 by 768 pixels .
That 's slightly bigger than the iPad 's 9.6 - inch display at 1024 by 768 pixels .
The battery , Neofonie says , will last about six hours , which is notably less than the ten hours Apple claims for its iPad .
For both devices , these numbers are theoretical at this point , real - world results may differ .
At 800 grams ( 1.8 pounds ) , the WePad is about 100 grams heavier than the Apple tablet , and on pictures , at least , it comes across as elegant but not quite as svelte as its competitor from California .
( For a glimpse of the final product design please click here )
On the other hand , WePad users get two USB ports to connect peripherals and can expand the built - in memory ( 16 or 32 GB ) with an SD card .
Video chatting will also be possible , thanks to a 1.3 megapixel webcam .
The iPad does not offer any of these features , but Internet connectivity is similar .
Both Apple 's tablet and the WePad come in two versions with either Wi-Fi only or Wi-Fi and 3G cell - phone service combined .
No word yet on WePad carrier options or how much mobile users will pay for monthly service .
The price for the device itself has not been announced either , but Neofonie says its multimedia tablet will be " cheaper than the iPad " .
Offering an alternative
Despite going head - to - head with Steve Jobs & Co. , the challenger from Berlin claims to mean no harm .
" Apple has great products , and we 're happy to see user experience becoming more and more important , in no small part thanks to the success of the iPhone " , says Neofonie CEO Hoffer von Ankershoffen .
" We 're simply offering an alternative for people who are looking for something different and more open . "
His company of 170 people is a surprise contender in the newly emerging market for portable Internet devices .
Founded in 1998 , Neofonie is best known in the industry for software solutions , such as its " We Find " search engine , which also powers search at stern .
de .
The social element present in many of the company 's products also accounts for the WePad 's name , according to the chief executive .
" We think social features are important , it 's about more than just the ' i ' " , says Hoffer von Ankershoffen , professing not to be worried that Apple might sue over the name .
" The word ' we ' is a part of several of our products , and ' pad ' can not be copyrighted .
So we believe we found a very good name . "
In terms of software , the WePad employs familiar technology as well :
Its operating system is based on a customized version of Linux , capable of running Google 's Android software .
That way , any application offered through the Android Market store - currently more than 30,000 , both free and paid , according to Google - will also run on the WePad , Neofonie says .
In addition , the company plans to offer other software as well .
" We came up with the new concept of a ' meta app store ' " , says Hoffer von Ankershoffen , " integrating apps from various sources to give users as broad a choice as possible . "
Compatible with Adobe Flash and AIR
Like all current tablets , the newcomer from Berlin relies on touch sensors and finger gestures for user interaction ; no plastic stylus necessary .
In a crucial distinction from its Apple rival , however , the WePad does support Flash , meaning websites like the New York Times , BBC , Lonely Planet , and many others that use Adobe 's multimedia plug - in will be properly displayed .
Similarly , the WePad is compatible with Adobe AIR , a software that enables stand - alone applications based on Flash .
The advantage of the technology , Adobe says , is the ubiquity of Flash , which runs on all common operating systems , Windows , Macintosh , Linux , and now Android , making it easier and more efficient to develop applications for a broad range of devices .
Publishers may appreciate the AIR and Flash support even more than couch surfers .
Many of them , all over the world , are currently developing electronic versions of their newspapers and magazines , hoping that multimedia tablets will generate additional revenue from digital content .
While Apple is wooing publishers with its new " iBookstore " , its closed - system approach requires special effort and limits control for content owners .
Neofonie , meanwhile , tries to position itself as the ideal solution for publishers going digital , pointing to its open platform and promising not to interfere with content choices .
( Full disclosure : One of Neofonie 's strategic partners is Gruner + Jahr , publisher of stern magazine and this website .
The companies co-developed a new " stern eMagazine " based on AIR , scheduled to launch in the near future . )
Digerati eager to get their hands on the new tablet will , however , have to show just as much patience as with Apple .
" We will release further details on our partners and product timeline on April 12 " , announces Helmut Hoffer von Ankershoffen , declining to be more specific about the launch date - other than to say : " We will quickly follow the iPad . "
Iran claims to be an emerging new world power .
But its president , now visiting Zimbabwe , is welcome in few capitals
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's friends are not all quite as controversial as he is on the world stage but like his host in Harare , Robert Mugabe , few of them are routinely welcome in western capitals .
Elsewhere in Africa the Iranian president has hobnobbed with the Sudanese president , Omar al - Bashir , who is wanted by the international criminal court for war crimes allegedly committed in Darfur – a charge vehemently denied by Khartoum .
Last year Ahmadinejad is distrusted by the conservative , pro-western Arab states , who worry about him acquiring nuclear weapons .
But in March 2008 he became the first Iranian president ever to visit Iraq , which fought a bloody eight - year war against the Islamic Republic in the 1980s .
He has also held talks with another neighbour , the Turkish president , Abdullah Gul .
His closest ally in the Middle East is Syria 's Bashar al - Assad , who inherited the strategic relationship between Damascus and Tehran from his father , Hafez , and refuses to bow to US pressure to end it .
Last month Ahmadinejad held a summit with Assad and Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah , leader of Lebanon 's Hizbullah .
Europe is largely off limits to Ahmadinejad : he attended a UN food security summit in Rome in 2008 but was shunned by Silvio Berlusconi .
The previous year he was a guest of President Alexander Lukashenko of Belarus , who is often described as Europe 's last dictator and another of the world 's most isolated leaders .
Appearances at the UN in New York are the closest he gets to North America , where his anti-Americanism , Holocaust denial and hostility to Israel are deeply disliked .
But he has been most welcome in Latin America .
Brazil was his first foreign destination – President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva criticised attempts to isolate Iran over its nuclear programme .
Ahmadinejad 's best friend is Venezuela 's Hugo Chávez who has backed Tehran 's nuclear ambitions .
Chavez and Ahamdinejad have visited each other several times and co-operation between their countries has grown .
Both are are oil producers and members of Opec .
Ahmadinejad boasted earlier this month that Iran was emerging as a " new power in the world " which would welcome better relations with any country " except the Zionist regime whose legitimacy has not been recognised . "
WASHINGTON , April 28 , 2010  -- Florida 's Republican Gov. Charlie Crist is preparing to bolt the GOP and run for the United States Senate as an independent , a Republican source tells ABC News .
The source tells ABC News that Crist has started calling his major donors to tell them of his decision to run as an independent .
The source says that virtually all of his political staff will leave .
" I 'm sure they already have their boxes packed , " said the source , who was granted anonymity to encourage candor about the still - evolving situation .
The Crist campaign is not confirming his plans to leave the GOP and is encouraging members of the media to stay tuned for a Thursday afternoon press conference the governor is planning to hold in his hometown .
One staffer who is expected to stay on board is Crist 's finance director , Dane Eagle .
Crist will need him if , as expected , many donors ask for their money back when Crist bolts the GOP .
The source says that a long - time Crist supporter from Tampa named Greg Truax is helping him assemble a new staff .
Republicans in Washington have been bracing for Crist to leave the GOP .
They tried -- apparently in vain -- to persuade him to remain with the party .
GOP officials are nervous that an independent bid by Crist could upset the chances of the former Florida House Speaker , Republican Marco Rubio , a favorite of Tea Party activists who has gone from underdog to prohibitive frontrunner in Florida 's GOP Senate primary .
" If Charlie puts his self - preservation ahead of party , it has the potential to create an upset for the Democrats , " said a Republican operative who was granted anonymity so he could be more candid in his assessment of the race .
An April 13th Quinnipiac public opinion poll in Florida asked people how they would vote in a three - way race with Crist as an independent .
The poll showed a tight contest : Crist with 32 percent , Rubio with 30 , and Democratic Rep. Kendrick Meek with 24 .
A second Florida Republican source , who claimed not to have been notified personally of Crist 's plans , tells ABC News that the internal polling Crist got back this week showed that the only possible path for him to win the Senate seat was to run as an independent .
This source was told by Crist 's campaign manager that he anticipates Crist will announce an independent bid for the U.S. Senate Thursday .
Florida 's Gov. Charlie Crist to Leave Republicans , Run for Senate as Independent
Democrats quickly moved on Wednesday to make hay out of the expected Crist announcement .
Democratic National Committee Chairman Tim Kaine held a roundtable with reporters this afternoon in Washington and said the Crist move would rebound to the benefit of the likely Democratic nominee .
" If Gov. Crist announces that he 's running as an independent , the individual who is probably going to be happiest is going to be Congressman Meek , " said Kaine .
" That is going to be a huge plus for his campaign .
Already a proven elected office holder and candidate running a good campaign , but that is going to be enormously helpful to him . "
Kaine also said the GOP is in the midst of a " civil war . "
" On the Republican side we do see an internecine civil war that is pretty corrosive right now , " said Kaine , a former Virginia governor .
He pointed to the Florida Senate race and the Texas gubernatorial race as two key contests where a bloody GOP primary has created what he sees as a better opportunity for Democratic candidates than would have existed without the intra-party GOP battles .
The idea that Crist would have to leave the GOP is remarkable turnaround for a Republican who harbors presidential ambitions and who began his Senate race as a heavy favorite .
He began to fall in the polls last year when he embraced President Obama 's stimulus package .
If Crist leaves the GOP , he will become the second high - profile Republican to leave the party after backing the stimulus .
Pennsylvania 's Arlen Specter , a long - time Republican senator , left the GOP one year ago and became a Democrat after this pro-stimulus vote made it all but impossible for him to win the 2010 GOP Senate primary against former Rep.
Pat Toomey , R - Penn .
Under Florida law , Crist needs to make a decision by Friday because that is the state 's deadline to file officially as a Republican or to enter the race without a party affiliation .
He said on Tuesday , however , that he had set Thursday as a personal deadline to make up his mind .
Florida 's Gov. Charlie Crist to Leave Republicans , Run for Senate as Independent
Crist 's decision is fraught with political considerations : Washington Republicans have been warning him that his career in the GOP would be over if he decided to run on a third - party line .
" He would lose all Republican support if he were to run as an independent , " said Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell during a Sunday appearance on CNN's " State of the Union . "
Crist is also being urged not to run as an independent by the chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee .
" I would never support it if he ran as an independent , " Sen .
John Cornyn , R - Texas , the NRSC chair , told Politico earlier this week .
Cornyn is ready to get behind Rubio and work against Crist , even though he had originally jumped at the opportunity to endorse Crist 's primary bid .
Crist is a well - known figure in Florida politics and he has a sizable campaign war chest .
Republicans are warning , however , that he would suffer in November if he was not able to rely on the get - out - the - vote operation of the state Republican Party .
He also would not be able to benefit from the grassroots infrastructure which will be created by the NRSC 's investment in the state GOP 's " Victory " operation .
Some inside of Crist 's own camp became convinced that the Florida governor had given up on winning the Republican primary when he crossed GOP leaders by vetoing a merit - pay bill that had passed the Florida legislature .
Although the GOP establishment has been bracing for Crist to run as an independent , Republican officials were still holding out hope as recently as Tuesday that the governor would forego a 2010 Senate race and begin laying the groundwork to run in 2012 when Sen.
Bill Nelson , D - Fla. , will be up for re-election .
Crist 's likely Democratic opponent , Rep . Meek , is hoping that a three - person race will help him become more visible .
" The only thing that will change in our race if he does decide to run as an independent is accelerating the surfacing , the public surfacing of my candidacy , " Meek recently told ABC News .
" Then I will be included in all of the debates and I will be considered if you 're going to pull the candidates together . "
ABC News ' David Chalian and Gary Langer contributed to this report .
This excerpt is from Thich Nhat Hanh ’s wonderful book “ Teachings on Love . ”
In it , Thây gives three exercises that are a kind of metta meditation — aspiration for our own happiness and the happiness of others .
As is usual in metta , the first verse aspiration is for our own happiness .
The second verse is for a friend , relative , someone we know .
The third verse is typically aspiration for a group of people , or for all beings everywhere .
To give your metta focus , you should substitute some person in our experience for “ he ” or “ she . ”
For “ they , ” you may have in mind some group of people — say , the dear victims of the earthquake in Haiti , or survivors of some natural or social disaster .
Make the metta specific , and make it your own !
As I have done with many of the mettas that I work with , I have put these three on 3×5 cards so I can use them as aids when “ on the cushion ” or during “ metta breaks ” throughout the day .
May practicing this teaching bring you great joy and happiness !
Nourishing Happiness
Thich Nhat Hanh
May I know how to nourish the seeds of joy in myself every day .
May he / she know how to nourish the seeds of joy in him / herself every day .
May they know how to nourish the seeds of joy in themselves every day .
May I be able to live fresh , solid , and free .
May he / she be able to live fresh , solid , and free .
May they be able to live fresh , solid , and free .
May I be free from attachment and aversion , but not be indifferent .
May he / she be free from attachment and aversion , but not be indifferent .
May they be free from attachment and aversion , but not be indifferent .
These meditations help us water the seeds of joy and happiness in our store consciousness .
Joy and happiness are the food of a Zen monk .
Before eating , we say , “ May all beings be nourished by the joy of meditation . ”
What is the nature of this joy ?
How can we touch true joy every moment of our lives ?
How can we live in a way that brings a smile , the eyes of love , and happiness to everyone we encounter ?
Use your talent to find ways to bring happiness to yourself and others — the happiness that arises from meditation and not from the pursuit of fruitless pleasure .
Meditative joy has the capacity to nourish our mindfulness , understanding , and love .
Try to live in a way that encourages deep happiness in yourself and others .
“ I vow to bring joy to one person in the morning and to help relieve the suffering of one person in the afternoon . ”
Ask yourself , “ Who can I make smile this morning ? ”
This is the act of creating happiness .
♥♥♥
37.871593 -122.272747
# 34 : Once there was a poor old woman … by Arthur Rackham
Once there was a poor old woman who lived in a village , by Arthur Rackham , 1920 .
Originally in Hansel and Gretel and Other Stories by the Brothers Grimm , 1920 .
This scan from Rackham ’s Fairy Tale Illustrations in Full Color , edited by Jeff Menges , 2002 .
This analysis copyright Scott M. McDaniel , 2010 .
The Image
What a difficult choice !
There are a lot of great illustrations in the Dover book Rackham ’s Fairy Tale Illustrations in Full Color , and it was hard to decide which one to look at for an analysis .
If you ’re a fan of golden age illustration , you should definitely check this one out .
I chose this one in the end for a few reasons .
For one , we get a clear sense of character – to me this seems like more than just your generic old woman .
She ’s been through a lot .
Also , Rackham gives us lots of texture and line work that is fun to get lost in .
The recent analysis of Dürer was an example of highly precise , controlled linework .
This drawing , though , shows linework that is loose and flowing , yet still controlled .
Rackham ’s picture has clearly separated foreground , midground , and background elements , and it also has an effective silhouette and composition .
The Composition
Let ’s take those things in reverse order .
First off , we have a profile of the old woman , and it ’s an effective silhouette .
Starting with the woman , we can see that her head and shoulders are darker than the background – Rackham sets her apart with contrast .
Except for her , the rest of the foreground is light .
The midground is darker in value , and the distant background is again light .
Looking back up at the silhouette version again , it ’s obvious ( to me , at least ) that Rackham is using the midground elements to put a curved frame around the woman .
Here ’s a detail image of the boat .
To boat is particularly dark .
Logically it makes sense since it falls in the shadow of the building above it .
This detail also shows the lightness of the distant background , the darkness of the midground , and the lightness of the foreground .
The main reason I show it , though , is to point out the boat ’s role in the overall composition .
Because it ’s so dark , the contrast with the distant background draws our eye .
It ’s a secondary focal point of the drawing , and I think it keeps the drawing more interesting visually .
There is , in fact , somewhere else for our eye to go once we ’ve taken in the old woman .
The boat is small , though , and clearly secondary .
The Line Directions
Contrast is n’t always just about light and dark .
If you look back at the drawing , how many curved lines can you find , and where are they ?
Yes , there are lots of little curved lines in the rooftop , but for now I ’m talking about the lines that define shape – contour lines .
The woman ’s entire figure is a curve – she herself is bent .
Plus her dress flutters in the wind , resulting in more curves .
The only other curved lines I see in the picture are the boat and one part of the gas lantern at the top .
Neither of those are very large elements .
So , Rackham draws attention to the old woman by contrasting her flowing , curved lines with the straight lines of the architecture all around her .
Now let ’s look at the diagonal lines .
If we start at the top of the illustration and follow the diagonal lines down , we see a pattern .
Rackham uses perspective so that the diagonal lines we see mostly point down and left .
As we get to the other side of the picture , though , the single point perspective means that the lines reverse and start pointing us down and to the right .
That takes our gaze right to the old woman .
In particular , the support braces just above the old woman ’s head point us right to her .
Because of the buildings , most of the lines are either vertical or horizontal .
Rackham ’s selective use of curved lines and diagonal lines contrasts with the overall horizontal and vertical sense , and he uses those contrasts to make the woman the drawing ’s focal point .
The Line Textures
OK , here we go with quite a few detail images .
As we go through each one take a look at how the individual line strokes are often imprecise .
It looks like his muscles were relaxed and he was setting the lines down on the paper quickly , without making sure each one was individually perfect .
Some of the brick texture , for example , almost looks like scribbling .
In each detail , look at how Rackham made sure that the overall spacing and direction of the lines combines to build up a texture that gives just the impression he was after .
First up , let ’s take a look at the roof in the midground :
In terms of directions and lines , we have :
A : Contour lines that define the top and the chimney .
B : Diagonal lines that follow the slant of the roof .
These are for shading and values .
C : Diagonal lines that slant the other way , showing the form of the ridge at the roof top .
D : Cross hatched diagonal lines in the window for shading , values , and texture .
E : Small curved “ C ” lines that suggest shingles and provide texture .
Sometimes they chain together diagonally , and other times horizontally .
This keeps the texture from getting geometric .
Finally , there is a wash beneath all of the lines that contributes to the values and the texture of the area .
All of these elements combine to give an immediate impression of a village rooftop .
It ’s in decent repair , but it ’s obviously not the high precision work that we might see on an expensive , upper class home .
Here ’s another detail that shows a door , steps , railing , and stonework .
See if you can pick out the different ways Rackham used lines to show form , value , and texture .
How does he differentiate the wooden door from the stone wall ?
What does he do to communicate that the steps are worn ?
One thing to notice is that Rackham does n’t use line thickness much in this drawing .
Mucha , for example , used line thickness to help the basic shapes of his drawings pop out at us .
Rackham keeps his line thicknesses the same and instead varies direction and spacing to show value and texture .
This detail above of the the street is a good example of Lee Moyer ’s Macro / Micro principle .
Rackham really only gives us a few cobblestones , yet we understand the whole street to be made of them .
Most of the stones he outlines for us form a dip in the road which , because of the perspective , lead our eye to the old woman .
Also take a look at the transition from street to water and the few quick strokes that effectively read as ripples .
The lamp is a good example of how Rackham uses line direction to show the form of different surfaces .
The lines on the wall both outline bricks and provide an overall texture for them .
He obviously drew them quickly and loosely .
The Woman
Since this is a character portrait , let ’s take a closer look at her .
The lines in the upper part of her body and face are more defined and clear than those in the lower part of her body where the dress is fluttering .
One of the things that makes her the drawing ’s focus is how Rackham handles her textures .
Everywhere else he uses lines to show the texture , from the water to cobblestone street , to the roof .
For the old woman , though , he uses ink wash .
Look at the pattern on her dress or the way her scarf wraps around her head .
He ’s still using lines , but they serve more as contour lines .
At least , they do around the top .
I love the bottom of her dress and how the scribbles show that it ’s tattered and blowing around in the wind .
There ’s a floral pattern painted in wash on the dress , but it ’s far from crisp and clean .
All these details contribute to her character .
The match her bent posture and downcast eyes .
She seems to be holding something , though .
Maybe it offers some hope .
The Elements
To wrap up we ’ll go through Lee Moyer ’s Elements of a Successful Illustration .
Focus :
The woman is the primary focus , and the boat is a secondary focus .
Visually , the secondary focus makes the drawing more interesting and turns it into more than a simple portrait .
Composition and Design :
The woman in the lower right is darker than her background .
There ’s another darker arc that frames her .
As we move from the woman to the background the overall values alternate : dark ( woman ) , light ( street around her ) , dark ( midground buildings / boat ) , light ( distant background ) .
Palette : Mostly monochromatic , though Rackham did use muted reds as part of the wash .
Value : Rackham uses line more than values to define form .
Instead , he uses values to establish the basic composition .
Mass :
The sense of form comes from line direction , as seen in the lamp and the rooftop shading .
Texture :
There are two sources of texture , line and ink wash .
The wash contributes to the downtrodden , dirty feel of the setting .
Symbolism : I do n’t see much .
The illustration ’s purpose is to introduce us to a character and setting .
Not having read the story , though , I ’m missing some context .
Micro / Macro : I pointed out the cobblestones on the street .
Also see the suggestions of buildings and trees in the distance and the worn shape of the steps leading up to the wooden door .
Ornament : Check out the bracket for the gas lamp .
Narrative :
This illustration is the equivalent of the establishing shot in movies , TV shows , and comics .
It sets up the story and gives us a framework on which to hang the action .
Juxtaposition :
There ’s not much conceptual juxtaposition – perhaps the gaslamp ’s bracket is nicer than the surroundings would suggest .
It ’s not opulent , though .
Stylization : Rackham ’s loose , almost scribbled lines give this drawing a clear style .
The wash adds to it .
Character :
The woman ’s posture , expression , and clothing all reinforce an image of a worn down person with faded hopes .
Tension :
Not much yet .
As an establishing scene , the only hint of tension I see is to wonder what ’s in her bag .
Line : Rackham uses lines to outline objects ( contour ) as well as for texture , values , and form .
Research / Reference :
It would n’t surprise me if Rackham used reference for the village architecture or sketched it from life beforehand .
I do n’t know if he used a model for the woman ’s figure , but I would n’t be surprised either way .
Vignette :
There are clear silhouettes , but this is a full illustration that shows a complete setting .
Perspective : Rackham uses single point perspective , and the directions of the lines follow the rules of perspective to guide our eyes to the old woman .
Coming up in the next week or two will be a painting by Charles Vess with lots of mysterious cats .
Created by odersky on 2010 - 04 -01 .
Updated : 2010-04-01 , 14:12
Stackoverflow.com recently fielded its 1000th Scala question .
Almost all questions asked got competent answers .
The questions and answers on the site are an extensive and and growing resource to find out details on Scala and to get unstuck when you have problems .
Many thanks to the Stackoverflow Scala community for collaborating in providing this service .
Unlike wood - based models , the Heat 1X is a real metal rocket .
At more than 9 meters high , it 's also the largest amateur rocket in the world .
The guys building it are planning one almost as large as the V - 2 .
Advertisement
They call themselves Copenhagen Suborbitals , and they operate from an abandoned shipyard in the outskirts of the Danish capital .
This group of nutters rolled out their Heat 1X engine last Sunday .
The image above puts it next to their planned beasts and the first ballistic missile ever : The German V - 2 .
Advertisement
These are the same guys who built a submarine last year , which makes me fear they are probably planning to build a cruise missile and pacify some hostile territory .
Like New Jersey .
[ Something Awful ]
Migrating to Voice Over IP .
Not " If " , but " When " and " How "
At some point in the near future , virtually all enterprises will utilise IP telephony in some capacity .
For most organizations , however , the question of when and how to migrate to IP telephony remains .
Citel can help provide the answers , as well as the tools , to migrate your business to VoIP within your timeframe and within your budget .
Upgrade to an IP PBX with Existing Handsets and LAN Wiring
Whether the PBX in place today is two years old or ten , your enterprise may have outgrown its functionality and capacity .
To remain productive and competitive in the market , it may be time to upgrade to an IP PBX .
That said , there is often still substantial life left in the PBX handsets and wiring infrastructure already in place .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Oil giant BP may be overwhelmed with the clean - up from the collapse of its Deepwater oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico .
But the corporation has still found time to fight tougher financial reforms on Capitol Hill .
The corporation is a member of the Coalition for Derivatives End-Users , a collection of companies actively pushing for a loophole in new regulations governing derivatives , the complex and opaque products used to hedge risk and bet on fluctuations in the financial markets .
Derivatives , experts say , exacerbated the 2008 financial crisis , and lawmakers and the White House have sought to drag that market into the sunlight .
The financial reform legislation now in Congress , says President Obama , will “ close the loopholes that allowed derivatives deals so large and risky they could threaten our entire economy . ”
Not if BP has its way .
The corporation , along with the US Chamber of Commerce , Business Roundtable , and other large advocacy groups , wants to ensure that it is exempted from a new provision in derivatives regulation that would increase transparency and make derivatives trading less risky .
( BP did not respond to a request for comment . )
First , a primer on the derivatives regulation on the table .
The House and Senate bills would mandate that derivatives be traded on an exchange , just as stocks are .
This would mean that information on the structure , volume , and pricing of derivatives deals are out in the open .
If you ’re an airline trying to hedge against the fluctuations in the cost of jet fuel , you ’d be able to look at what your competitors paid and get the same kind of deal — not pay an amount devised by a Wall Street broker looking to make a killing .
“ Transparency brings better pricing and lowers risk for all parties to a derivatives transaction , ” says Gary Gensler , chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission .
But what ’s got BP upset is a proposal to force derivatives to go through a clearinghouse , a central body that would act as a middleman on each trade , collect data , and help protect failed derivatives deals from leading to massive losses that harm the wider economy .
The clearinghouse would do so by requiring companies in a trade to put forward money or other collateral in case those trades went wrong .
This , lawmakers and finance experts say , is crucial :
Without this middleman ensuring everyone can deliver on their bets , the likely result is another AIG - like meltdown , when a company enters into so many trades that it ca n’t afford to cover them all if they all fail .
BP does n’t want to front up cash or collateral when it trades in derivatives .
“ These additional costs will impact the ability of these companies to meet their financial obligations , threaten needed job creation , and significantly weaken the ability of American companies to compete globally , ” the Coalition for Derivatives End -Users wrote in a April 28 , 2010 , letter urging Congress to include an exemption for end -users , the non-financial companies that use derivatives as part of their business practices of hedging risk .
( The letter was signed by the American Petroleum Institute , of which BP America is a member . )
In addition to its membership in the end - users coalition , BP America hired the Podesta Group , a powerful Washington firm , to lobby this year on derivatives and other financial reform issues on Capitol Hill , according to the Center for Responsive Politics .
According to the Congressional Research Service ( CRS ) , an end - user exemption could undercut derivatives legislation as a whole .
A December 2009 CRS report stated , “ Nearly two - thirds of OTC derivatives involve an end user .
If all end users are exempted from the requirement that OTC swaps be cleared , the market structure problems raised by AIG still remain . ”
Financial reform advocates charged BP with lobbying to defeat vital reform .
“ We think the idea of an end - user exemption is just unacceptable in terms of creating more transparency in the system , ” says Lauren Weiner with Americans for Financial Reform .
“ Anyone who ’s pushing for those opt - out provisions should take a close look at the really positive benefits of putting these trades in the sunlight . ”
BP ’s efforts , however , have partly paid off .
In the House ’s financial reform legislation , BP , via the end - user coalition , sent letters to every member of Congress lobbying for an exemption — which it ultimately won .
BP claimed that because it is n’t heavily involved in derivatives trading , it should n’t be affected by the bill , says a spokeswoman for the Senate agriculture committee , Courtney Rowe .
On the Senate side , Rowe added , BP would n’t get its way .
Sen. Blanche Lincoln ( D - Ark. ) , the architect of the Senate ’s tough derivatives proposals , has rejected BP ’s claims and others like it , and has fought against loopholes in new derivatives rules .
“ Senator Lincoln felt that regardless of the amount of swap dealing you do , ” Rowe wrote in an email to Mother Jones , “ if you ’re a swap dealer you should be regulated as one . ”
Massey Miner : ‘ I Felt Like I Was Working for the Gestapo ’
Created : May 25 , 2010 12:00 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Stanley " Goose " Stewart , right , testifies alongside relatives of victims of the Upper Big Branch explosion before the House Education and Labor Committee in Beckley , W.Va. , on Monday .
( Pittsburgh Post - Gazette / ZUMApress.com )
A coal miner working at Massey ’s Upper Big Branch mine when it exploded last month , killing 29 colleagues , described the operation this week as “ a ticking time bomb , ” where the management valued production over safety and workers did n’t protest for fear of being fired .
“ The ventilation system they had did n’t work , ” said Stanley “ Goose ” Stewart , a 15 - year veteran of the UBB mine who was 300 feet underground when the blast occurred .
“ With no air moving it gave me the feeling that area was a ticking time bomb . ”
[ Environment1 ]
There was plenty of warning that the conditions in the UBB mine were dangerous , Stewart told House lawmakers .
The mine had experienced “ at least two fireballs ” prior to the April 5 blast , he said , suggesting not only that the vent systems were faulty , but that there were also problems with the mine ’s methane sensors .
“ How could methane build up to that point where a fireball could start ? ” he asked during a field hearing of the House Education and Labor Committee in Beckley , W.Va. , near the site of the UBB blast .
The allegations — which are strikingly similar to those coming from a growing number of Massey workers , both veterans and active miners — arrive just four days after Don Blankenship , Massey ’s bellicose CEO , told Senate Democrats that miner safety is the company ’s top priority .
“ Massey does not place profits over safety , ” Blankenship testified before the Senate Appropriations Labor Subcommittee last Thursday .
“ We never have and we never will .
Period . ”
Although the UBB mine had been cited for safety violations more than 600 times since the start of 2009 , Blankenship argued that the mine ’s safety history is irrelevant because “ abatement [ of hazards ] is mandatory . ”
“ At Massey , we always fix the problem , ” he said , “ even if we disagree with the penalty . ”
But Stewart , along with a number of relatives of UBB victims , had a dramatically different story , telling lawmakers that Massey managers frequently cut corners to maximize production , even when it came at the expense of the workers ’ safety .
Steve Morgan , for instance , father of 21 - year - old Adam Morgan , who was killed during the blast , testified that it was common for workers in UBB to pull down the ventilation curtains — the plastic sheets that direct the flow of fresh air and prevent methane gas from accumulating — because those curtains can get in the way of heavy equipment , slowing down production .
“ Ventilation was so bad he was sent home early several times , including once about a week before the explosion because they were n’t getting enough air , ” Morgan said .
Gary Quarles , a Massey miner whose son , Gary Wayne , was also a victim of the UBB disaster , told lawmakers that Massey foremen in the mines are warned when inspectors arrive on the site — a system lending workers some time to get the place cleaned up before the inspectors get underground .
“ When the word goes out , ” Quarles said , “ all effort is made to correct any deficiencies or direct the inspector ’s attention away from any deficiencies . ”
And Stewart said that his crew was once asked to switch out a ventilation system without evacuating the affected section of the mine , as required by law .
“ I ’m not sure MSHA was aware of the whole situation , ” he said , referring to the Mine Safety and Health Administration .
Workers did n’t complain , Stewart said , because “ we knew that we ’d be marked men and the management would look for ways to fire us ” — a message echoed by most of the other witnesses to Monday ’s hearing .
As a sign of how highly Massey values efficiency , UBB miners were denied vacation last summer after they failed to meet production targets , Stewart said .
“ I felt like I was working for the Gestapo at times , ” he said .
“ We did some things right , but were forced to do some things wrong . ”
If the allegations were isolated , they might be easy to ignore .
But there ’s a pattern emerging from all the scrutiny of Massey that ’s followed last month ’s disaster .
Chuck Nelson , another former Massey miner who spoke with TWI from his West Virginia home last month , said the trends are hardly limited to the UBB mine .
“ I worked at six different Massey mines and every single one of ‘em operated the same way , ” said Nelson , who now volunteers for the Ohio Valley Environmental Coalition .
Massey , which was quick to issue a statement following last week ’s Senate hearing , has so far been silent in the face of the more recent allegations .
WARNING : The following is a really , really gross story .
It may even qualify as " beyond gross . "
Advertisement
It also : signifies nothing , gives you wayyyy too much information , and is told by a total idiot .
Its sole redeeming trait is that it involves a scenario we 've all feared before - the one where you get a tampon stuck up inside you for a treacherously , perilously long period of time - and it has a ( marginally ) happy ending .
Read at your own risk , folks .
I 'll tell you if I get Toxic Shock Syndrome !
WHY I DO NOT TRUST BEAUTY :
It was a beautiful week and a beautiful weekend .
It was verdant , sun-dappled , horticulture - redolent , exfoliated , affluent , groomed , merry , relaxed , pressed , aspirational , and at its beginning , even fragrant .
( That would change . )
It was all so dizzyingly gorgeous I could feel a low - grade panic trickle through my chest .
But it was all good .
Advertisement
" Moe , " my friend John asked .
" Do you want half a Vicodin ? " I did indeed .
I was at my best friend 's wedding .
As my heels dug into the soft mud beneath the outdoor pews , I could feel my period start .
I hate my period more every time it comes .
It comes a lot these days , every two or three weeks .
I assume my uterus has put itself on a fast - track to complete the mandatory number of eggs required to call it quits and resign itself to waiting for death .
But god , in the meantime , what a nuisance .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
I could reproduce with John .
He likes drugs and is writing a piece on a surgeon who conducts head transplants .
Apparently the downside of a head transplant is that full - body paralysis is an unavoidable side effect .
Whatever ; I read a story about a perfectly mobile woman who sat on the toilet for two years , who sat on the toilet so long she became stuck ; alone with her mind and the receptacle for her gross bodily functions .
Yes I 'm being glib !
I just had half a Vicodin , but this I can say in all earnestness : I would not miss a single physical sensation involved with getting my period .
I just got it .
Thanks Vicodin !
The evening progressed gaily .
I bought tampons and made jokes and smoked cigarettes and partook of a very open bar .
At one point I leaned back into a candle and set my cardigan on fire but everyone laughed it off .
At another point an old paramour showed me a picture of his 13 - day - old child - so you 've averted nuclear holocaust !
I laughed - and told him about a recent abortion and he told me solemnly it was a shame because I 'd " be a good mother " and I naturally laughed that off too .
I made out with John and he told me he could n't take me home because he felt that the girl he was dating he could actually see marrying some day , and I laughed that off - was there another option ?
- and apologized for my behavior and called it a night .
There was no place to go , though , so I took my bleeding self to the train station to wait for a train back to the city .
Advertisement
Transit stations at 2 a.m. are invariably cold and populated by desperate people gone crazy from being prodded every time they fall asleep .
They are what my psychographic imagines it is like to wait for death .
Missing a train used to distress me gravely for these reasons , but I am old enough to know the Amtrak police have no sympathy for the distresses of my psychographic , and really , why should they .
So I bought my ticket and sat calmly , curled my legs inside my hoodie for warmth , and resigned myself to five hours of misery lite .
Some actually interesting things happened during those five hours , but the important part is that at some point in my fatigue I inserted a new tampon without removing the first .
The week proceeded with a routine debauchery that reflected the tone of the weekend that had begotten it .
I went on a date on Sunday night , and a book party on Monday after which I ended up fucking a friend , and a bar on Tuesday after which I ended up fucking an old fuck buddy , and by Thursday night I 'd washed my sheets and shaved my legs and gotten a facial and my period was still hanging around , so I went home early and decided to wait until the period had ended before attempting any more pointless copulation .
I do n't particularly like period sex to begin with , but this was a most foul period , heavy and brown and rotten - smelling ; the sort of period that is trying to tell you something , if you believe in that sort of thing , which I do n't , mostly because I am lazy .
By Friday night it had still not passed and I woke Saturday morning to find , much to my chagrin , that I 'd stained the sheets again .
" I think it was pretty good because you said , ' That was awesome , ' " sex partner d'giorno told me .
I did n't remember .
I ran to the bathroom to change my underwear .
Advertisement
By Sunday the stench had soured further .
We took a long walk through the park and joked about how ill - attuned we were to things of " beauty . "
Beauty , how it is wasted on us .
Beauty , how it fills me only with dread .
" My senses are alive to three things , " he said .
" Stylish prose , good conversation , and the female body . "
That 's because he has never gotten a fucking period , I thought .
He was going on a date with a 22 - year - old , he felt compelled to offer .
Good .
22 - year - old menstrual blood does not smell like this .
It smells bad , sure , but it is at least mostly red .
Do n't lose your affinity for the female body .
You have plenty of time to knock one up and watch it morph into something totally alien , then splatter out a whole mass of fluids and split open to yield one of those babies you are so fond of eyeing warily on the streets of Park Slope , as well as some inadvertent fecal matter .
Advertisement
I went home alone with my odors .
He joked that he hoped I did n't get pregnant and bring about some " My Two Dads " scenario with dude # 2 .
Ha ha ha , I thought .
In My Two Dads , the mom got to be dead .
I would not get that luxury .
By Monday it occurred to me it might be a bacterial infection , which I 'd deserve , or some other sort of sexually transmitted disease , which I would also deserve , and that I ought to make an appointment with a gynecologist , which was true even before I started emitting the thin brown fluid of stench .
The flow had slowed to a chronic drip - Drip !
there 's an STD named after that , right ? - but the blood itself had gotten somehow older and fouler .
On Tuesday I asked Anna for a day off to go to the gynecologist , grousing for a moment on my symptoms .
Advertisement
ANNA : you do n't have a tampon stuck up there do you ?
ANNA : like an old one ?
Hm .
I think my mind had entertained this notion , though somehow I expected that gravity , intent as it was on imposing its will on the rest of me , would have expelled the thing by now .
But no , on further reflection , it made sense .
I did n't work on the rest of me like I performed Kegels .
There was n't a whole lot else I could do , sitting on the couch all day .
I pondered buying lube and rubber gloves and a six - pack of beer and attempting to dig it out right then .
But it had been there nine days , and the primaries were on .
I bought only beer .
I drank two and a half .
I fell asleep .
The next morning I awoke .
And smelled .
Advertisement
MOE : i think i actually must have a tampon stuck up me
ANNA : really
MOE : yeah after crappy hour i'm going to get some gloves on and get this shit out
Advertisement
ANNA : oh god
I could not locate gloves , but after cutting my fingernails and coating my fingers in the Vaseline I 'd purchased at the deli along with my egg sandwich , I located the tampon .
Anna advised that I squat on the floor like one of those natural childbirth La Leche people , and it worked .
It was there .
It was far .
I had never reached that far .
It was gross - far , nearing the anus zone far .
The tampon was soaked .
I dripped on the floor .
It was thick and brown and foul .
I wanted to say it smelled sort of like Vegemite tastes , but that 's too kind .
I wanted to say it reaked of August at the Pearl River Harbor , where I 'd lived as a kid and where my brother had sworn he 'd seen a dead body floating .
It was so much worse , though .
The only odor I really felt was equivalent was a Cantonese street food called " stinky tofu , " a fermented tofu renowned for smelling like rotting fish meets sewage meets Black Death .
( Hong Kong motto : why worry how foul something seems when you put it inside you if you know you 'll manage to make it nastier on its way out ? )
Every droplet on the floor seemed to unleash the stench of a mile long stretch of stinky tofu stalls , and every few minutes it would be too much to bear and I 'd have to wash my hands and spray more Glade start over again .
I had managed to pick out a few strands of cotton , but I could n't grasp hold of it .
I imagined what sort of household implement might facilitate such an extraction : tweezers ?
Ew .
Advertisement
While cursing the gentleness of our anti-antibacterial Whole Foods soap , I devised a way around my lack of latex gloves .
Condoms !
Finally , a use for them .
I stuck one on my finger and one on my thumb and did my best to rub off the lube .
Dooce came on the TV .
I had been meaning to watch , but whatever .
Progress seemed imminent , and six condoms later , it was .
The tampon emerged , grayish brown and bloated like a corpse in the harbor .
I carried it , fingers still in condoms , toward the toilet .
Advertisement
" It 's a good thing you do n't have a dog ! "
Anna said brightly when I relayed the news .
" Why ? "
" Dogs always like to find this stuff and carry it around . "
" Oh my God Anna , you think I would just throw that out ?
No , I flushed it .
I flushed it THREE TIMES actually . "
Advertisement
" Oh right , I forgot your policy on that , " she said .
" But hold on , " I panicked .
" I had sex three times with that thing .
Do you think it absorbed a bunch of sperm ?
Do you think I should get Plan B ?
Holy shit , you think I 'm already pregnant ? "
Advertisement
" NO ! " she said automatically .
" Sperm ca n't survive that .
It 's toxic .
I 'm pretty sure those sorts of conditions would kill the sperm . "
" Like all the bacteria would kill them off ? " I asked moronically .
" I do n't know .
I mean , maybe you should get Plan B , " she said .
My roommate overheard us .
" Dude , if you managed to get pregnant with a super absorbency tampon stuck inside you the whole time , you have to have it , I do n't care , " she said .
Advertisement
" Dude , that is the most retarded thought ever .
Ever . "
Image : A Tampon Applicator [ Flickr ]
Help me , Obi-Wan Kenobi .
You 're my only hope .
This article or section is in need of referencing per Wookieepedia 's sourcing guidelines .
Dark Lord of the Sith Organizational information Organization Sith [ Source ]
" The Sith must be ruled by a single leader , the very embodiment of the strength and power of the dark side .
If the leader grows weak , another must rise to seize the mantle . "
― Darth Revan 's Sith Holocron [ src ]
The title of Dark Lord of the Sith , or Jen'ari in the Sith language , originally referred to the ruler of the Sith Empire , and later was taken by the recognized leader of the Order of the Sith Lords .
Before Skere Kaan , there was usually only one Dark Lord of the Sith at a time , who was the head of the Order .
The major exception to this trend was the Dark Council of Vitiate 's Sith Empire : all twelve Dark Councillors held the title of Dark Lord at the same time .
In more recent periods , it was a title shared by multiple individuals simultaneously .
The term referred to individuals of both sexes , though Lumiya claimed the title of Dark Lady of the Sith .
The title Dark Lord of the Sith is often thought to be synonymous with the title Darth .
Contrary to this , however , is the fact that Sith apprentices have been known to carry the title as well .
Two examples would be Darth Malak as Darth Revan 's apprentice , and Darth Vader as Darth Sidious's .
Many Sith Lords have used the Darth title , but there is no evidence as to the synonymic relationship of these two appellations .
Contents show ]
History of the title Edit
" I now complete your initiation to the power of the dark side ... so that you may bring to pass the great destiny foretold ... Exar Kun , because of you , the Sith will never die ... you have rightly earned the title of ... Dark Lord of the Sith ! " ― Marka Ragnos bestows upon Exar Kun the title of Dark Lord of the Sith [ src ]
The first Dark Lord of the Sith was Ajunta Pall , the leader of the exiled Dark Jedi who , after their defeat in the Hundred - Year Darkness conquered the Sith species and ruled over them as gods .
The title was subsequently passed down from Dark Lord to Dark Lord until the time of Marka Ragnos , who presided over the selection of the next Dark Lord of the Sith at his own funeral .
Xendor , believed to be the first Dark Jedi , is possibly the predecessor of the Dark Lords of the Sith , though he himself was never a Sith Lord ( although he may have returned from the dead to take the position as the Dark Underlord many millennia later ) .
After the fall of the Sith Empire , Naga Sadow gave the title to his apprentice , Freedon Nadd .
Some time later , the spirit of Marka Ragnos declared Nadd 's apprentice , Exar Kun , Dark Lord of the Sith .
At the same time , though unbeknownst to Sadow , Nadd or Kun , members of the Dark Council of the Sith Emperor Vitiate 's Sith Empire also held the title of Dark Lord , a first in Sith history .
After discovering the long lost Star Forge , Revan broke free of Vitiate 's mental control and declared himself the Dark Lord of the Sith of his new empire .
Malak succeeded Darth Revan as the Dark Lord after overthrowing him , until he was defeated by his former Sith Master – and again , all twelve Dark Councillors held the title in secret from the rest of the galaxy .
More than two thousand years later , Lord Kaan also granted the title to all members of the Brotherhood of Darkness , thus making it a title shared by many Sith for the second time .
After the institution of the Rule of Two , the title was naturally held by only two members at a time , one being the Sith Master and the other being the Sith apprentice .
It remained so until the rise of the Rule of One , which like the original Sith Empire recognized only a single Dark Lord of the Sith , bringing the title full circle .
Behind the scenes Edit
While writing The Thrawn Trilogy , author Timothy Zahn originally conceived the Noghri to be the Sith , thus making Darth Vader the " Dark Lord of the Sith " .
However , this idea came into conflict with Lucasfilm and thus Zahn was forced to change . [ 1] [ 2 ]
Appearances Edit
Non-canonical appearances Edit
Sources Edit
Notes and references Edit
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Former copyright lawyer Don Verrilli is the leading candidate to replace Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan as Solicitor General , the Atlantic ‘s Marc Ambinder reported last week .
You may not have heard of Verrilli , but file - sharers , “ copyfighters , ” and activists who question America ’s restrictive copyright regime sure have .
Verrilli , who ’s now serving as an associate White House counsel , is best known for convincing the Supreme Court that file - sharing networks could be sued for copyright infringement — a win that earned him the ire of copyright reform supporters and a reputation as the “ guy who killed Grokster , ” a file - sharing service .
Verrilli represented a group of 28 entertainment companies that sued Grokster and another file - sharing company , Streamcast , in 2003 .
The plaintiffs argued that the companies should be penalized for the large amounts of copyrighted music and movies that were downloaded by their users .
Critics of the Grokster decision argue the company itself was n’t infringing copyright , although some of its users were .
Grokster ’s defenders added that not all of the sharing was illegal .
The Supreme Court sided with Verrilli ’s clients — the eventual settlement cost Grokster $ 50 million and effectively shuttered the site .
More recently , Verrilli has worked on a case with even higher stakes .
Until he joined the Obama administration , Verrilli led a team of lawyers that had sued Google for $ 1 billion on behalf of Viacom , the entertainment company that owns CBS , MTV , and Comedy Central .
The suit alleges “ massive intentional copyright infringement ” by YouTube , Google ’s internet video site .
Although Verrilli and his former firm , Jenner & Block , filed the lawsuit on Viacom ’s behalf in 2007 , the course of the case changed dramatically this March , when Google ’s defense team made a series of bombshell accusations .
For years , Google said , Viacom had paid at least 18 marketing agencies to secretly upload its videos to YouTube for promotional purposes , and had a corporate policy of only selectively complaining about clips from its member companies that appeared on the site .
“ In fact , some of the very clips that Viacom is suing us over were actually uploaded by Viacom itself , ” Zahavah Levine , YouTube ’s chief counsel , wrote in a blog post .
In addition to coordinating the Viacom case , Verrilli worked as the Recording Industry Association of America ’s ( RIAA ) lawyer on Capitol v. Thomas .
In that case , he won a $ 220,000 verdict against Jammie Thomas , a Minnesota woman who made 24 songs available over the Kazaa file - sharing network .
Verrilli convinced the judge to tell the jury that simply making copyrighted material available on a file - sharing network — even if none was actually transferred — broke the law .
The judge later changed his mind and threw out the verdict , but the RIAA is appealing .
Cases in which the defendant is asked to pay a small fortune for allegedly infringing the copyrights of a small number of songs enrage copyright reform supporters , who argue that the punishment is far out of proportion to the crime .
Declan McCullagh , a reporter for CNET ( a technology website owned by CBS ) drew attention to Verrilli ’s record in February 2009 , after Verrilli joined the Justice Department .
( He moved to the White House some months later . )
But now Verrilli is up for a far more powerful post .
The solicitor general is the United States ’ lead lawyer , and argues almost all the government ’s cases before the Supreme Court .
By endorsing a party ’s request to appeal , the solicitor general can drastically increase its chances of being heard .
The solicitor general ’s office has gotten involved in copyright cases before .
During the Bush administration , acting solicitor general Paul Clement filed a friend of the court brief in the Grokster case that Verrilli argued — supporting Verrilli ’s clients .
This March , Kagan filed a similar brief in Costco v. Omega , a case in which a Swiss watchmaker is suing the retail superstore for copyright infringement .
There ’s an avid online community that ’s staunchly opposed to existing copyright law and its enforcement .
In that world , Verrilli is a notorious villain , and his appointment to the Justice Department last year provoked an uproar .
When Lawrence Lessig , the law professor and inventor of Creative Commons , heard that Verrilli was being considered as a successor to Kagan , he said , “ Wow .
That ’s awful .
Certainly another slap in the face of the Netroots community , ”
One might think that the non-profit groups that have fought Verrilli and his clients in court would be clamoring for the White House to reconsider .
However , many of its regular opponents respect him .
Gigi Sohn , the head of Public Knowledge , a nonprofit that advocates for copyright reform , defended Verrilli in an email to Mother Jones .
“ I do n’t think Don has ‘ drunk the Kool - Aid ’ of the RIAA or Viacom , he was simply representing his clients , ” Sohn wrote , adding that she thought he was “ perhaps the most qualified person in the country to be the next Solicitor General . ”
“ I love that guy , ” says Marvin Ammori , a law professor who served as the lead lawyer for Free Press , a group that supports media reform and attacks big media companies like Viacom .
“ He ’s an amazing lawyer . ”
Still , at least some observers believe that , from the perspective of Hollywood and the recording industry , Verrilli will be a significant upgrade over Kagan .
Ammori acknowledged that Verrilli is personally “ pro-copyright . ”
And Eriq Gardner , a writer for the Hollywood Reporter , wrote :
[ I ] f Verrilli were to replace Kagan as solicitor general , we have a hard time believing from our conversations with him over the years that he’d be [ as skeptical of big content companies as Kagan was ] ….
Perhaps the Supreme Court will one day grapple with the UMG / Veoh case or even the Viacom / Google battle .
If so , it will matter who that solicitor general is .
The White House declined to make Verrilli available for comment for this story , but a White House official issued the same denial that was given to the Atlantic ‘s Ambinder : “ Conversations about a replacement have n’t even begun yet . ”
Ambinder assures Mother Jones that he is sticking by his story .
Mac OS 10.6.2
GHC 6.12.1
apache - cassandra -0.5.1 ( JDK 1.6 from Apple )
thrift - incubating - 0.2.0 ( Compiled using GCC 4.2.1 and Boost 1.41 from MacPorts )
I uses a stock Cassandra install , and did not customize the included example schema , starting the server with
$ cd apache - cassandra-0.5.1
$ bin/cassandra -f
Getting the thrift compiler built and the Thrift lib installed into GHC proved to be a pain point for me , and will be the topic of a subsequent post if others have a similar experience .
Once the Thrift package is installed in GHC , and you have used the thrift compiler to compile compile the Cassandra interface definition file
$ thrift -- gen hs apache - cassandra-0.5.1/interface.cassandra.thrift
You should have the generated Haskell cassandra sources :
LISBON ( Reuters ) - Pope Benedict said on Tuesday that the greatest threat to Catholicism came from “ sin within the Church ” , one if his most forthright comments so far on a sexual abuse scandal that has created turmoil in the church .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
The Church has “ a very deep need ” to recognize that it must do penitence for its sins and “ accept purification ” , he said .
“ Today we see in a truly terrifying way that the greatest persecution of the Church does not come from outside enemies but is born of sin within the Church , ” Benedict told reporters on the plane to Portugal , replying to a question about the scandal .
In recent weeks , a number of Vatican officials have accused the media , gays or progressives of waging a smear campaign against the Church .
One top Vatican official even dismissed reports of a cover - up of sexual abuse of children by priests as “ petty gossip ” .
The 83 - year - old German pontiff , facing the worst crisis of his five - year - old papacy , said the Church had to seek forgiveness from victims of sexual abuse but also recognized that “ forgiveness can not be a substitute for justice ” .
The pope promised abuse victims he met in Malta last month the Church would do all it could to investigate allegations , bring to justice those responsible for abuse and implement effective measures to protect young people in the future .
But the scandal shows no sign of abating .
On Saturday Bishop Walter Mixa of Augsburg , who has been accused of sexually abusing minors , became the first bishop in the pope ’s native Germany to step down over the scandal .
In recent weeks , a Belgian bishop resigned after admitting he had sexually abused a boy and three Irish bishops quit over their handling of sexual abuse cases .
ECONOMIC CRISIS
In his comments on the plane , the pope also mentioned Portugal ’s economic crisis .
The minority socialist government is struggling to reduce a huge deficit but harsh austerity measures will impose greater sacrifices to avoid a Greek - style debt crisis .
Benedict , who was due to hold a large outdoor Mass on Tuesday afternoon , repeated his call for greater moral responsibility in financial decisions and acknowledged the Church should in the past have spoken out more on economics .
“ We must admit that the Catholic faith ... was often too individualistic .
It too often left concrete things to the world and thought only of individual salvation and religious affairs without realizing that there was a global responsibility ( for economic decisions ) , ” he said .
The main purpose of the pope ’s four - day visit to Portugal is to visit the shrine at Fatima where the Madonna is said to have appeared to three shepherd children six times in 1917 .
One of the three messages the Madonna is said to have given to the child visionaries -- the so - called ‘ Third Secret of Fatima ’ -- was what the Vatican has said was a prediction of the 1981 assassination attempt against the late Pope John Paul .
Benedict told reporters he believed that interpretation of the Third Secret , revealed in 2000 , could include the suffering the papacy and the Church would have to endure as a result of today ’s sexual abuse crisis .
( Editing by Tim Pearce )
The Florida GOP scandal revolves around Jim Greer , who was handpicked by Gov. Charlie Crist three years ago to lead the Republican Party of Florida ( RPOF ) .
Greer resigned his post in February amid a growing chorus of criticism by the state 's Republicans for his lavish spending of party funds ( where have I heard that before ? ) and for the feeling among the party 's wingnut base that he was trying to snuff out Marco Rubio 's Senate bid .
It was all downhill from there for the Florida GOPers .
When RPOF auditors conducted their annual audit in March , they discovered that Greer had been skimming off RPOF donations through a stealth company .
When Greer was ousted in February , another reason for his fall was that Republican leaders had discovered that he had made secret contract with party executive director Delmar Johnson , his loyal aide , to pay Johnson a 10 percent commission on all major donations to the RPOF .
The skimmed funds were funneled to a company called Victory Strategies that was believed to be owned by Johnson .
But last month RPOF auditors discovered that Johnson was not the sole owner of the shell company :
... party auditors conducted their annual review and discovered that ( Greer ) owned 60 percent of the company — Victory Strategies LLC — and Johnson owned 40 percent .
The audit revealed that the company received $ 133,005 in fundraising commissions and another $ 66,250 for consulting services in 2009 .
That revelation led the current party chairman , John Thrasher , to refer the matter to Attorney General ( and current candidate for governor ) Bill McCollum , who has asked the Florida Department of Law Enforcement ( FDLE ) to investigate .
But wait , it gets better !
On Wednesday , as RPOF officials had been piling on Greer for weeks , the St. Petersburg Times / Miami Herald dropped another bombshell : RPOF officials had offered Greer a questionable secret severance package that appeared to absolve him of any financial wrongdoing and pay him $ 124,000 to remain as a consultant for a year .
The previously undisclosed severance documents , obtained Wednesday by the Times / Herald , were signed by top party officials , including current party chairman John Thrasher and leading lawmakers who helped oust Greer amid intense concerns he used the party coffers as a personal slush fund .
" All RPOF expenditures made during Chairman Greer 's term as RPOF Chairman were proper , lawful , appropriate , " the Jan. 4 severance document states .
It also specifically clears Greer of any questionable purchases put on the party 's credit card .
Jason Gonzalez , the party 's lawyer , said Greer never signed the agreement , so it is invalid .
Internal party documents show party officials revoked the severance offer Feb. 17 .
Greer 's attorney , Damon Chase , argues the agreement is binding , and the documents obtained by the Times / Herald include Greer 's signature .
Greer has also accused associates of incoming Senate President Mike Haridopolos and Speaker - designate Dean Cannon of offering to pay him $ 200,000 of " hush money " to stay quiet about the severance agreement , and yesterday he sued the Republican Party of Florida , alleging that the party violated the terms of the secret severance agreement . (!)
Greer 's suit seeks unspecified financial damages for breach of agreement and names as defendants the party and current chairman John Thrasher , a state senator from St. Augustine .
But the stain from Greer 's criminal probe , and the revelation by the Times / Herald that party leaders signed the golden parachute agreement to oust him , seeps deep into the party 's ranks .
" Wait until the IRS gets in it , " said Allen Cox , the party 's vice chairman under Greer .
" Who knew what , and who agreed to it ?
There 's a smoking gun here . "
There are many more allegations flying around too , including revelations of lavish spending on RPOF credit cards by Dean Cannon and Marco Rubio .
And yesterday , Charlie Crist and Florida 's Chief Financial Officer Alex Sink ( who will likely be battling with AG McCollum in the governor 's race ) called to bring in the feds .
The move by Crist , who had steadfastly stood by Greer , marks his clear decision to throw his pal under the bus .
The prospect of a federal investigation will intensify the scrutiny of the state GOP , which is reeling from the discovery this week that Greer siphoned party donations to a shell company he owned , and the disclosure that top officials planned to pay him a $ 125,000 golden parachute if he resigned .
At the same time , new records obtained by the Times / Herald expose how another top GOP lawmaker — incoming Speaker Dean Cannon — used a party credit card to charge $ 200,000 in a 2 1/2 - year period ending in early 2009 .
The charges include more than $ 3,000 in personal expenses , some of which he did n't reimburse until just weeks ago as controversy swirled around the use of party credit cards .
For Crist , his statements represent a reversal from his ardent support of Greer , who he handpicked for the chairmanship and supported to the end , despite demands dating to December for Greer 's dismissal and a thorough investigation .
Crist said he took " responsibility " for putting Greer at the helm , and that he became disillusioned after the recent revelations .
The calls for the federal investigation mean this GOP scandal is not going away anytime soon , which can be nothing but good news for Alex Sink and Kendrick Meek .
J. Larry Hart , a former state and federal prosecutor not connected to the case , said the Republican Party situation suggests the possibility of a number of violations , regardless of the circumstances .
" Even thieves can be victims of theft , " he said .
With the impending entry of federal authorities , the situation is likely to get worse for Greer and other Republicans , said Charles Rose , who teaches at Stetson University College of Law .
" Once the federal government gets involved , they have infinite resources , " said Rose , a former prosecutor and defense attorney .
" You ca n't win . "
It could n't happen to a slimier bunch of a -holes !
UPDATE :
How could I have forgotten this :
Donate to Kendrick Meek for Senate
Donate to Alex Sink for Governor
Donate to the Florida Democractic Party
Support Amendments 5 & 6 to establish fairness standards for Florida redistricting
UPDATE 2 :
Here 's a perspective on the growing scandal from jaded Republican Political Consultant Chris Ingram , who was an early backer of Marco Rubio 's Senate campaign before he dropped his support recently in disgust over Rubio 's lavish spending :
For the record , Charlie ’s support helped move Greer from whatever used car lot or bowling alley he had been employed at to RPOF Chair , but the fact is , Chuckles did not appoint him to the position – the knuckleheads who make up the state committee of the RPOF did that ( not once , but twice ) .
This same bunch of dimwits then turned around and elected John Thrasher to sweep the mess under the rug – a task he has done splendidly .
The Greer / RPOF / contracts / Amex matter gets even better in as much as it now consumes virtually every " leader " within the Republican Party – a term I use looser than a rope of sand .
Thrasher the new party chairman , Crist and Rubio the U.S. Senate candidates , Senate President - designate Mike Haridopolos , Speaker - designate Dean Cannon , and even Bill " Howdy Doody " McCollum are now more involved in this matter than any of them would like to be .
And the list does n’t stop there .
Every other legislative " leader " in the state is also involved at least for as much as they have been absent in publicly calling for doing what ’s right .
and this :
The incestuous nature of Tallahassee politics will be exposed by Jim Greer and his lawsuit , and for that we owe him our appreciation .
UPDATE 3 :
Aaron Deslatte , a politial columnist for the Orlando Sentinel , says in his column today that the " ramifications are vast " for Florida Republicans from this growing scandal .
He hones in on the lavish spending by the state 's Republican leaders on the RPOF 's dime - using RPOF - issued Amex cards like drunken sailors - something that has been part of this scandal and that he thinks could have the most longlasting damage and will touch nearly all Republican leaders in the state - once the feds get involved :
This can only get worse .
For starters , look out for the Internal Revenue Service .
Gov. Charlie Crist , in calling Friday for the scandal investigation to be turned over to the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Tallahassee , cited " the potential IRS implications " of the probe ...
In addition to the fundraising contract that paid $ 200,000 last year to the company owned by Greer and his former executive director , Delmar Johnson , the party has turned over other expense reimbursement documentation to the Florida Department of Law Enforcement .
Greer himself was reimbursed for $ 50,000 in expenses incurred last year for travel , food and supplies , according to the party 's federal report .
An outside audit of the party books released last week stated that " management is unable to provide adequate documentation for certain disbursements " made throughout the year — which likely means a deeper scrubbing by another forensic auditing firm , and the potential of unveiling further inappropriate spending .
" This will trigger tax audits and a lot of problems for the people who personally benefited from party expenditures , " says Robert Sechen , a respected Tallahassee lawyer and former general counsel and chief financial office for the RPOF under Gov. Jeb Bush .
Then there 's the not - so - subtle threat that Greer plans to air all the party 's dirty laundry .
The former Oviedo city councilman has been attacked for two years over his penchant for charter flights , expensive meals , fine cigars , golf excursions and other expenses .
But Greer 's lawyer , Lake Mary attorney Damon Chase , says if that 's a sin , everyone 's guilty .
Deslatte also points out that in the RPOF 's Amex - gate scandal , Charlie Crist could benefit most :
Skype ’s exclusivity deal with Verizon Wireless has left many Android owners bemoaning the absence of the VoIP app on their non-Verizon handsets , but that could all be changing soon .
According to Skatter Tech ‘s contact with the company , Skype are planning to bring a mobile video calling app to the Android Market later in 2010 , and it will be freely available rather than limited to a single carrier .
“ Skype envisions a world where video plays a larger role in the way we communicate .
The next generation innovation involving video calling will not be bound to the computer .
We ’re seeing a proliferation of video calling shared between all kinds of connected devices .
It ’s on computers ( today 1/3 of all calls on Skype happen via video ) , televisions ( Skype bringing video calls to living rooms via Panasonic , Samsung & LG partnership ) , and it will eventually be coming to mobile devices too .
We ’re betting big on video , and we intend to set the bar on mobile video calling , and it ’s something we ’re going to do this year .
We will be bringing a direct to consumer app to the Android marketplace later this year .
This application will be available for all consumers globally to download regardless of carriers .
( i.e. similar to how we offer the iPhone app today ) ” – Brianna Reynaud , Skype PR
The app will be of particular interest to Sprint HTC EVO 4G owners , since the handset has a front - facing video camera making it ideal for Skype video chat .
Unfortunately it ’s not a feature shared by many other Android devices at the current time .
What remains to be confirmed is what other functionality the Skype Android app will have ; we ’re presuming VoIP for voice - only calls will be supported , as on the desktop client , but Skype ’s statement carefully edges around making any comment on voice calls .
Being the world 's lightest 13 - inch laptop is n't big news these days , but Toshiba 's forthcoming notebook has a couple of extras that give it a bit more cachet .
The company has n't made a formal announcement , so the name and pricing are n't yet available , but some interesting specs have leaked out from the VozExpress Web site .
When equipped with its 512GB solid state drive , the laptop weighs less than a kilogram ( 2.2. pounds ) ; a 500GB hard drive is a bulkier , though presumably cheaper , option .
Nonetheless it will rely on standard - voltage Intel Core i3 or i5 processors instead of using an ultra- low voltage CPU you find on other ultra-portables .
Using a standard - voltage processor will impact battery life , of course , and Toshiba appears to have an innovative answer to that concern .
In addition to the primary battery , this notebook comes with a secondary battery using SCiB ( Super Charged ion Battery ) technology .
According to Engadget , prototype SCiB batteries were recharged to 90 % within 10 minutes .
If Toshiba 's version works anything like that , it should be a big competitive advantages .
Other features that Toshiba seems to be touting include the first " honeycomb rib structure " and new Blaze Mountain CPU cooling , though it 's unclear what the advantages of either is .
But the leaked info has probably whetted the appetites of those looking for an ultra-portable and not interested in waiting for a MacBook Air refresh .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The United States disclosed for the first time on Monday the current size of its nuclear arsenal , lifting the veil on once top - secret numbers in an effort to bolster non-proliferation efforts .
The Pentagon said it had a total of 5,113 warheads in its nuclear stockpile at the end of September , down 84 percent from a peak of 31,225 in 1967 .
The arsenal stood at 22,217 warheads when the Berlin Wall fell in 1989 .
The figure includes warheads that are operationally deployed , kept in active reserve and held in inactive storage .
But it does not include “ several thousand ” warheads that are now retired and awaiting dismantlement , the Pentagon said .
“ The United States is showing that it is being increasingly transparent , ” a senior U.S. defense official told reporters at the Pentagon .
“ It ’s part of our commitment ... to set the stage for strength in non-proliferation and for further arms control . ”
The official declined to offer the Pentagon ’s estimate for Russia ’s arsenal and renewed calls for greater transparency by China , saying there was “ little visibility ” when it came to Beijing ’s nuclear program .
The United States is also pushing for a new round of sanctions against Iran over its nuclear program .
By releasing the data during the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty review conference , analysts said the United States was trying to show it is cutting its arsenal so as to help persuade other states to tighten the global non-proliferation regime .
“ It is hugely important for the United States to be able to say , ‘ Look we are living up to our obligations under the NPT , ” said Hans Kristensen , director of the Nuclear Information Project at the Federation of American Scientists .
COULD IT BACKFIRE ?
The disclosure comes less than a month after President Barack Obama unveiled a new policy restricting the U.S. use of nuclear weapons and signed a landmark arms reduction accord with Russia .
Obama , who won a Nobel Peace Prize in part for his vision of a nuclear free world , has also renounced the development of new atomic weapons .
Historically , the overall size of the arsenal has been kept secret to help prevent potential adversaries from using the information to more precisely neutralize U.S. nuclear forces .
Still , analysts warned the disclosure could also negatively impact perceptions of the United States -- possibly dismaying other nations by demonstrating how many nuclear weapons it retains two decades after the Cold War ended .
“ I think the states that are most concerned about nuclear disarmament will be more focused on the number that remain rather than the number ( reduced ) , ” said George Perkovich , director of the Nuclear Policy Program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace .
The Pentagon said from fiscal years 1994 through 2009 , the United States dismantled 8,748 nuclear warheads .
The Pentagon also declined to disclose the exact number of warheads awaiting dismantlement .
It said more analysis needed to be done to make sure it did not impact U.S. national security .
The United States aims to dismantle those warheads by the early part of the next decade , another U.S. official said , also briefing reporters on condition of anonymity .
VANCOUVER -
A five - year battle by Canada 's self - styled “ Prince of Pot ” to avoid extradition to the United States on drug charges appeared to be over Monday .
The federal justice minister has ordered Marc Emery surrendered to American authorities , the final step in the legal process .
Emery , who was charged in the U.S. in 2005 in connection with his Vancouver - based seed - selling business , had turned himself in to sheriffs earlier in the morning to await the federal justice minister 's decision .
Within an hour , his lawyer received an answer .
“ The justice minister has surrendered Mr. Emery for extradition , ” lawyer Kirk Tousaw said in an interview .
“ I imagine there 's some paperwork that needs to be shuffled and arrangements that need to be made .
My anticipation would be ( Emery would be sent to the U.S. ) relatively soon , within the week possibly . ”
A spokesperson for the minister 's office said he does not comment on extradition decisions .
Emery has been out on bail since last fall , when he was released from custody while the federal justice minister made his decision .
He made a plea deal with U.S. prosecutors last year , agreeing to plead guilty in return for a five - year prison sentence .
Earlier in the day , Emery called himself a “ great Canadian ” and told reporters he 's spent his life advocating for the legalization of marijuana .
Then he walked into the B.C. Supreme Court building and presented himself to sheriffs .
“ I think of myself as a great Canadian — I 've worked my whole life for individual freedom in this country , I 've never asked for anything in return , ” Emery told reporters outside B.C. Supreme Court in downtown Vancouver , with his wife by his side and a throng of supporters carrying “ Free Marc ” signs .
“ And now I will be possibly handed over to the United States for a five - year sentence for the so - called crime of selling seeds from my desk .
I 'm proud of what I 've done , and I have no regrets . ”
American prosecutors allege he has sold about four million marijuana seeds through his magazine and website , and that 75 per cent of those went to customers in the U.S .
Documents obtained by Emery 's lawyer reveal that a U.S. undercover agent posing as a marijuana seed buyer worked in Canada to secure the criminal charges filed against Emery in Washington state .
The undercover operation is described in a briefing memo to Justice Minister Rob Nicholson dated Feb. 10 , 2010 , outlining the case against Emery .
The memo said numerous mail order purchases were made by U.S. undercover agents between March 2004 and March 2005 and an undercover U.S. Drug Enforcement agent was then sent to Vancouver .
The memo said the agent was under the supervision of and working with the approval of Vancouver 's police department .
Allegations against Emery include that staff at his Cannabis Culture store in Vancouver counselled the agent on how to smuggle seeds across the border and how to grow the marijuana .
“ It is alleged that ( the store employee ) told ( the agent ) that border inspectors do not conduct strip searches of females , so she should hide the seeds somewhere on her body , ” the memo stated .
The documents say the DEA agent made several deals to purchase marijuana seeds in exchange for cash and that Emery knew she was going to smuggle the seeds over the border .
The information was obtained under the federal Access to Information Act by Kirk Tousaw , a lawyer and former Marijuana Party campaign manager .
In addition to his seed - selling business and marijuana paraphernalia store , Emery is the president of the B.C. Marijuana Party .
He was originally charged with conspiracy to manufacture and distribute marijuana and money laundering .
Two of his Cannabis Culture employees were also accused , but charges were dropped as part of the plea agreement .
The minister 's memo states the federal government has received more than 2,700 letters about Emery and virtually all of them ask that Nicholson refuse to extradite him .
Emery said he has public support on his side .
“ I feel it will be very politically unpopular if ( the minister ) proceeds with the extradition because , let 's say five to seven million Canadian 's use marijuana ...
I have the support of hundreds of thousands , possibly millions of Canadians . ”
If he is extradited to the United States , Emery hopes he 'll be allowed to return to Canada to serve out his jail sentence .
Guest post by Steven Goddard
The climate panic headline this week has been that the warming Arctic is burping out dangerous quantities of greenhouse gas Methane .
Published on Friday , March 5 , 2010 by Agence France Presse Huge Methane Leak in Arctic Ocean : Study WASHINGTON – Methane is leaking into the atmosphere from unstable permafrost in the Arctic Ocean faster than scientists had thought and could worsen global warming , a study said Thursday .
From 2003 to 2008 , an international research team led by University of Alaska - Fairbanks scientists Natalia Shakhova and Igor Semiletov surveyed the waters of the East Siberian Arctic Shelf , which covers more than 772,200 square miles ( two million square kilometers ) of seafloor in the Arctic Ocean .
“ This discovery reveals a large but overlooked source of methane gas escaping from permafrost underwater , rather than on land , ” the study said .
“ More widespread emissions could have dramatic effects on global warming in the future . ”
Methane is 30X more potent a greenhouse than CO2 , so this sounds very alarming .
Or does it ?
From the New York Times :
Dr. Shakhova said that undersea methane ordinarily undergoes oxidation as it rises to the surface , where it is released as carbon dioxide .
But because water over the shelf is at most about 50 meters deep , she said , the gas bubbles to the surface there as methane .
As a result , she said , atmospheric levels of methane over the Arctic are 1.85 parts per million , almost three times as high as the global average of 0.6 or 0.7 parts per million .
The first problem with the statement is that it is incorrect .
The average global methane concentration is ~ 1.8 ppm , ( 1786 ppb ) not 0.6 ppm as seen below in this graph from NOAA :
http://www.noaanews.noaa.gov/stories2008/images/methanetrend.jpg
The author also says that the Arctic is belching out nearly eight million tons of methane per annum .
She estimated that annual methane emissions from the East Siberian Arctic Shelf total about seven teragrams .
( A teragram is 1.1 million tons . )
Sounds like a big number – except that burping / flatulating cattle produce ten times more methane than the Arctic .
According to the EPA :
Globally , ruminant livestock produce about 80 million metric tons of methane annually
Is 1.85 ppm a large number ?
Let ’s look at an analogy of what a population concentration of 1.85 parts per million really represents .
If the population of Wyoming ( 544,270 ) represented all the molecules in the atmosphere , there would be only one methane molecule in the entire state .
At 1.85 ppm , there would be fifteen methane molecules in New York City , out of population eight million .
There would be on average zero in Nunavut , Canada .
I wonder how much methane Taco Bell indirectly generates per annum ?
I also wonder why so many Arctic / Greenland studies include only the years 2003 - 2008 .
Perhaps they are only interested in reporting data from unusually warm years in the Arctic ?
Speaking of the Arctic .
What is up with this ?
http://nsidc.org/data/seaice_index/images/daily_images/N_timeseries.png
Methane , The Panic Du Jour
The climate panic headline this week has been that the warming Arctic is burping out dangerous quantities of greenhouse gas Methane .
Published on Friday , March 5 , 2010 by Agence France Presse Huge Methane Leak in Arctic Ocean : Study WASHINGTON – Methane is leaking into the atmosphere from unstable permafrost in the Arctic Ocean faster than scientists had thought and could worsen global warming , a study said Thursday .
From 2003 to 2008 , an international research team led by University of Alaska - Fairbanks scientists Natalia Shakhova and Igor Semiletov surveyed the waters of the East Siberian Arctic Shelf , which covers more than 772,200 square miles ( two million square kilometers ) of seafloor in the Arctic Ocean .
“ This discovery reveals a large but overlooked source of methane gas escaping from permafrost underwater , rather than on land , ” the study said .
“ More widespread emissions could have dramatic effects on global warming in the future . ”
Methane is 30X more potent a greenhouse than CO2 , so this sounds very alarming .
Or does it ?
From the New York Times : Dr. Shakhova said that undersea methane ordinarily undergoes oxidation as it rises to the surface , where it is released as carbon dioxide .
But because water over the shelf is at most about 50 meters deep , she said , the gas bubbles to the surface there as methane .
As a result , she said , atmospheric levels of methane over the Arctic are 1.85 parts per million , almost three times as high as the global average of 0.6 or 0.7 parts per million .
The first problem with the statement is that it is incorrect .
The average global methane concentration is 1.8 ppm , not 0.6 ppm .
http://www.noaanews.noaa.gov/stories2008/images/methanetrend.jpg
The author also says that the Arctic is belching out nearly eight million tons of methane per annum .
She estimated that annual methane emissions from the East Siberian Arctic Shelf total about seven teragrams .
( A teragram is 1.1 million tons . )
Sounds like a big number – except that burping / flatulating cattle produce ten times more methane than the Arctic .
According to the EPA : Globally , ruminant livestock produce about 80 million metric tons of methane annually Is 1.85 ppm a large number ?
Let ’s look at an analogy of what a population concentration of 1.85 parts per million really represents .
If the population of Wyoming ( 544,270 ) represented all the molecules in the atmosphere , there would be only one methane molecule in the entire state .
At 1.85 ppm , there would be fifteen methane molecules in New York City , out of population eight million .
There would be on average zero in Nunavut , Canada .
I wonder how much methane Taco Bell indirectly generates per annum ?
I also wonder why so many Arctic / Greenland studies include only the years 2003 - 2008 .
Perhaps they are only interested in reporting data from unusually warm years in the Arctic ?
Speaking of the Arctic .
What is up with this ?
http://nsidc.org/data/seaice_index/images/daily_images/N_timeseries.png
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Today the U.S. Supreme Court upheld a federal law that allows indefinite civil commitment of federal prisoners who have completed their sentences but are deemed " sexually dangerous . "
The Court , which in 1997 rejected a challenge to a similar Kansas law based on the Double Jeopardy , Due Process , and Ex Post Facto Clauses , did not deal with the usual constitutional objections in this case .
Instead it addressed the question of whether the federal government , as opposed to the states , is authorized to detain people based on sex crimes they might commit in the future .
The seven - justice majority concluded that it is , finding that civil commitment of " sexually dangerous " prisoners is a " necessary and proper " means of " carrying into execution " the federal government 's enumerated powers .
Yet the majority opinion by Justice Stephen Breyer never identifies the powers that provide the authority for this law .
The omission is telling , especially since all nine justices agree that the Necessary and Proper Clause does not give Congress any independent powers .
Instead of citing specific powers , Breyer says the civil commitment law is justified by whatever enumerated powers underlie the federal criminal statutes that sexually dangerous prisoners are convicted of violating .
Three of the five prisoners in this case , for example , were convicted of possessing child pornography , which Congress banned based on its authority to " regulate commerce …among the several states . "
Other cases might involve people whose crimes were treated as federal offenses because of a case - specific connection to interstate commerce , such as a bias - motivated assault committed with a baseball bat manufactured in another state .
( I kid you not . )
As Breyer notes , " the Constitution … nowhere speaks explicitly about the creation of federal crimes beyond those related to ' counterfeiting , ' ' treason , ' or ' Piracies and Felonies committed on the high Seas ' or ' against the Law of Nations . ' "
But that has not stopped Congress from criminalizing a wide range of offenses ( including many already addressed by state laws ) , based on thin or nonexistent constitutional pretexts .
Rather than questioning the constitutional basis for the criminal statues on which the civil commitment law relies , dissenting Justice Clarence Thomas ( joined by Antonin Scalia ) argues that the law " is aimed at protecting society from acts of sexual violence , not toward ' carrying into Execution ' any enumerated power or powers of the Federal Government . "
Even if we assume the validity of the criminal statutes , civil commitment of " sexually dangerous " prisoners is not necessary to carry them out .
The criminal statute has been fully executed at the point where someone convicted of violating it completes the sentence it prescribes , which is precisely when civil commitment takes effect .
" The statute , " Thomas notes , " therefore authorizes federal custody over a person at a time when the Government would lack jurisdiction to detain him for violating a criminal law that executes an enumerated power . "
As further evidence that the authority to commit a " sexually dangerous " prisoner after he finishes his term does not flow from the authority to criminalize his offense , Thomas notes that the offense need not be a sex crime .
One - fifth of the cases have involved prisoners who were not convicted of a federal offense involving sexual violence .
Someone serving time for mail fraud or tax evasion could be be treated as a " sexually dangerous " prisoner if the government presents " clear and convincing evidence " of a tendency to commit sex crimes , which need not include a criminal conviction .
Furthermore , Thomas writes , " the definition of a ' sexually dangerous person ' … does not require the court to find that the person is likely to violate a law executing an enumerated power in the future . "
In other words , the law is only tenuously related to federal criminal statutes , which themselves may be only tenuously related to an enumerated power .
" No enumerated power …expressly delegates to Congress the power to enact a civil - commitment regime for sexually dangerous persons , " Thomas writes , " nor does any other provision in the Constitution vest Congress or the other branches of the Federal Government with such a power … .
The Constitution does not vest in Congress the authority to protect society from every bad act that might befall it . "
He warns that the majority 's opinion , which requires no more than a " rational " connection between a federal law and the enumerated power to which it is allegedly related ( and which in this case is not even cited ) , " comes perilously close to transforming the Necessary and Proper Clause into a basis for the federal police power that 'we always have rejected . ' "
The decision is here .
Previous coverage of the case here and here .
In case you missed it – here ’s a great commercial for a new brand of Huggies ’ Denim Diapers …
I assumed this was actually a spoof – but this does appear to be an actual product .
Please tell me I ’m wrong people !
Funny or Die / College Humor could n’t have come up with anything crazier …
Check out the designer diaper brand in all their chic glory …
And to prove that this is the real deal , here ’s the press release :
Kimberly - Clark Corporation ( NYSE : KMB ) today announced the nationwide availability of the limited edition Huggies Little Movers Jeans Diapers – a unique , fun and stylish denim - inspired fashion for babies during the summer months .
The new diaper is the first of its kind available in the United States and is available nationwide for a limited time from June through July 2010 , where diapers are sold .
“ Jeans have always been a Mommy fashion must - have , but now it ’s time for their little ones to steal the style , ” said Stuart Schneider , senior brand director of Huggies .
“ The design helps babies stay trendy while keeping dry with the same revolutionary design and proven leakage protection that moms have come to know and trust from the Huggies brand . ”
Huggies Jeans
Diapers feature a fashionable blue denim design , providing parents and little ones everywhere with a trendy way to express their personal styles .
First launched in Israel in 2007 , Huggies Jeans Diapers have been a success in more than 20 countries around the world including Russia , South Korea , Mexico , Singapore and many more .
“ Following the success of our global Huggies brand teams , we ’re inviting consumers to engage with the Huggies brand in the same way they would engage with a fashion brand they love , ” said Schneider .
“ From baby fashion shows to celebrity partnerships , we ’re challenging moms to look at diapers in a whole new way . ”
above : babies rocking the new diapers at the New York Launch Event
The release of the fashion innovation in North America will include a comprehensive integrated marketing program that will stop moms in their tracks and inspire them to purchase Huggies Jeans Diapers .
Utilizing the same tactics as a fashion brand , the team is incorporating a mix of marketing elements that include fashion shows , celebrity partnerships , social media , public relations , digital and e-commerce partnerships , TV , mall and Internet advertising , as well as highly visible and unique in - store displays and cross promotions .
Huggies Jeans Diapers are available in three sizes , from size 3 ( 16 - 28 lbs ) through size 5 ( over 27 lbs ) for a manufacturer ’s suggested retail price of $ 9.59 for a jumbo pack and $ 19.99 for a big pack ( diaper count varies based on diaper size ) .
A late - winter expansion of Arctic sea ice is a good example of ice - forming dynamics that could keep the Arctic from hitting a " tipping point " in the near future .
Some scientists have predicted that rising temperatures could create a runaway feedback loop in the Arctic .
Sunlight - reflecting ice sheets would give way to sunlight - absorbing water , driving up temperatures and melting even more ice .
The Arctic climate would change so dramatically that winter ice could n't form again , producing planet - wide ripples in weather patterns .
But some research suggests that other , previously underappreciated forces may stabilize the melt before it 's complete .
The Arctic will soon be ice - free in summer , and winter ice will decline , but it wo n't suddenly become permanently ice - free .
" Everyone thought there would be a tipping point , " said Dirk Notz , a Max Planck Institute climate scientist .
" But that 's too simple . "
The most recent Arctic sea-ice spurt was caused by a cold snap over the Bering and Barents Seas that allowed ice to form until later than usual in March , nudging total ice cover towards averages seen between 1979 and 2000 .
But , Notz emphasized , this was just a single data point .
Since 1979 , the Arctic 's maximum winter sea-ice cover , measured before the summer melt , has dropped by about 6 percent .
The spurt does , however , demonstrate the ability of thin ice , such as that at the edge of Arctic ice sheets , to grow very rapidly .
That 's a big reason why Arctic ice sheets should be able to re-form in winter .
Indeed , as Notz described in a review of polar - sea-ice research in December in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , there 's no evidence of the Arctic hitting a tipping point in the last several million years , even though temperatures and sea-ice levels have fluctuated widely .
Over the last few years , Arctic sea-ice cover has reached modern historical lows , stoking the tipping - point fears .
Though a tipping point is n't out of the question , it would likely happen at greenhouse gas levels beyond what 's expected , said Notz .
The same can't be said for ice sheets in western Antarctica and possibly Greenland .
The dynamics of that ice , much of which rests atop solid land rather than floating on water , are different .
Melting ice could slide off continental shelves and into the ocean faster than it 's replaced by fresh snowfall .
This may have been what fueled two sudden , massive sea - level rises at the end of the last Ice Age .
Tipping - point evidence is stronger for western Antarctica than Greenland , said Notz .
But even the absence of a tipping point would n't necessarily be reassuring .
" It does n't mean Greenland wo n't melt away , " he said .
" It just means it will happen gradually . "
Image : Ice in the Bering Sea / NASA .
See Also :
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecological tipping points .
Arizona 's state buildings will go on the market next week , as state officials look to raise $ 735 million to boost the state 's depleted coffers .
The offer , which includes the state Coliseum , prisons , the headquarters of the Department of Public Safety and legislative buildings , will go on the market Tuesday and Wednesday , said Alan Ecker , a spokesman for the state Department of Administration .
Investors can buy certificates of participation in the buildings in $ 5,000 increments by working through the state 's underwriters , Morgan Stanley and Citi .
Ecker said the certificates , which are tax exempt , will likely carry an interest rate of 4 to 5 percent .
State officials say they 're confident they can sell certificates for all of the buildings involved , based on the queries they received since the sale - leaseback was announced .
However , Ecker said there 's no push to complete the entire sale - leaseback next week .
If market conditions look favorable farther down the road , some of the sale may be delayed , he said .
Although Chris Reifert ’s work on the now legendary , but perhaps over hyped Scream Bloody Gore was compelling , it is hardly worth mourning the fact that this death metal genius would leave Death and form the mighty Autopsy .
On the contrary it remains a blessing , and while Death would continue to churn out a few more solid death metal records , Autopsy would themselves create a few classics whose extreme visions of death would underlie much of the philosophical vision of countless metal bands .
Undoubtedly , Autopsy would also influence the worldview of many fans who would learn to eschew the illusion and flight and fantasy of modernity , in favour of a sober glimpse into the workings of reality in all its horrifying and powerful glory .
Autopsy ’s barbaric and seminal album Severed Survival offered the listener what would by 1989 arguably represent the nihilistic and amoral apex of the burgeoning death metal genre and thereby cement their place in death metal history .
Primitive and raw , the power with which Autopsy frantically bash out these energetic incisions into the human psyche , indicates a desire to transcend and break down the perceived but illusory moral world order and come to terms with the cold harsh realities of existence .
On Severed Survival , Autopsy unabashedly presents the listener with a sometimes shocking but nonetheless candid and unmitigated reality , smashing to pieces any presupposition of a cosmic moral world order .
As listeners we are forced to come face to face with death , desperation and the unspeakably twisted and cursed elements inherent in the mechanisms of reality and in the collective human consciousness , which Autopsy , like a skilled pathologist expertly dissect and examine .
Exhumed are the intense , destructive and “ degenerate ” elements that are not spoken of in civilized society but which nonetheless drive reality and remain active as motive within the omnipresent but subterranean catacombs of the human mind .
Unquestioningly suppressed out fear or an inability to place these depraved realities within the context of our currently constructed , illusory but ubiquitously advocated a priori moral world - view , it is Autopsy who courageously revel in exploring the obscene and who seem bent on destroying illusion in favor of discovering , conforming to and coming to grips with the power of reality .
” A bloody pile of discharge flesh
Is what you see as you face death
On the ground is the lifeless meat
Stillborn child lays at your feet ”
Musically , Severed Survival is a conceptually flawless album that offers insight , contrast , and dynamic through its expert use of eclectic influences and moreover , succeeds in synthesizing musical and lyrical expression to form a complete experience also made possible through the phrasal composition inherent in the songwriting of all good death metal .
Drawing on Celtic Frost and the simple power chord progression that made the latter ’s work so completely unified and clear , synthesizing it with heavy metal ’s tendency to express impending doom through the use of slower meditative riffs , and drawing on the frantic and schizophrenic lead guitar work of proto - death metal or speed metal giants , such as Slayer , Autopsy on Severed Survival executed an effectively simple , dynamic and epic work whose elements united to create a gripping journey that remains to this day , compelling , interesting and perspective altering .
Highly recommended !
- TheWaters -
Tags : autopsy , death metal , Gore , review , Severed Survival
" We are urging all the political parties here to ban the possession of child pornography in the present session of parliament , but I am not at all optimistic that it will happen , " said Keiji Goto , a lawyer and chairman of the Forum for Creating a Society That Does Not Tolerate Child Pornography .
Product Description
Get your game on … in the shower !
Relive your favorite classic gaming adventures in the tub with the original Game Cartridge soap !
This game cartridge soap packs 8 - bit power in every shower !
Rated “ V ” for Vegan Friendly .
Bonus : you wo n’t need to blow on these cartridges to get them to work .
These were the first and original game cartridge soap bars on earth !
They ’ve been featured all over the Internet and published in gaming magazines ; accept no imitations .
Wil Wheaton even has one , and has autographed a bar for me !
Not a licensed or endorsed product .
JERUSALEM —
The prime minister of Israel , Benjamin Netanyahu , met on Monday with Egypt ’s president , Hosni Mubarak , in the Sinai resort of Sharm el Sheik , and the Obama administration ’s envoy arrived in the region amid final preparations for the start of indirect Israeli - Palestinian peace talks .
The talks , expected in days , will be the first in more than a year .
But the atmosphere in the region was hardly enthusiastic , with Israeli officials expressing skepticism about the prospects of a breakthrough and Palestinian officials warning Israel against taking any steps that could torpedo the talks .
The so - called proximity talks , to be brokered by the American envoy , George J. Mitchell , were delayed in March after the Israeli government announced plans for new Jewish housing in contested East Jerusalem .
The top leaders on both sides have been taking care to avoid statements that could be deemed provocative ; nevertheless , a certain dissonance remains evident .
Dan Meridor , the Israeli minister for intelligence affairs , said Monday that “ the real talks will be direct . ”
The idea of proximity talks was “ quite strange , ” he told Army Radio , after successive Israeli governments had held direct talks with the Palestinians on and off for the past 16 years .
By Martin Brundle
BBC F1 analyst
I have said several times this season that the only team who appear to be able to beat Red Bull are themselves .
From seven straight pole positions they could and should have won every race but only have three victories on the scoreboard .
Their car is immensely fast , if a little fragile , and there have been a few glitches in strategy calls and pit -stop procedures .
But now they have a far bigger problem after the Turkish Grand Prix and a redesign or pit - stop practice can't easily fix this one .
A dominant car combined with two world - class drivers at the top of their form will always generate friction , and sometimes even contact , as we have seen with Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost at McLaren and Nigel Mansell and Nelson Piquet at Williams in the past .
It was the pace of the McLarens of Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button which took away Red Bull 's comfort zone and applied the pressure which broke them .
One trigger for the problems is that the teams are starting races this year knowing that at some point they must save fuel to get to the finish .
It sounds crazy but it costs a 10th of a second a lap to carry a lap 's worth of fuel .
In the 58 - lap Turkish Grand Prix , that is equivalent to 5.8 seconds .
When we saw the two Red Bulls and the two McLarens all circulating within a total of 2.2 seconds after 40 laps yesterday you can see the relevance .
So the teams under - fill their cars as much as they dare so they are as fast as possible in the crucial early part of the race leading up to the pit stops , knowing they can back the engines off to save fuel when they have secured their track position later on .
Apparently , Mark Webber was in fuel - saving mode when Sebastian Vettel started to close .
Red Bull can't claim to treat both drivers equally and then favour one because the whole situation will implode between both sides of the garage
Vettel was in second place because Red Bull had outsmarted McLaren on pit-stop strategy ; Hamilton and Button were in the best grandstand seats driving in the heat haze and exhaust gases of the charging Red Bulls .
Suddenly , Vettel was close out of Turn 10 and into the slipstream of his team - mate heading at 200 mph towards the obvious overtaking point of the 60 mph Turn 12 hairpin .
Webber instinctively defended and left an F1 car - sized gap at the side of the road on the dirty , unused part of the track .
Vettel chose to take it and moved alongside and then slightly ahead .
At this point the German either realised he would never stop in time , or he wanted to muscle and intimidate Webber across the road to ensure a better line into the hairpin .
It was a deliberate move of the wheel from Vettel , not a slide under braking .
Unsurprisingly , Webber never moved , contact was made , Vettel was out of the race and Webber 's car was damaged .
Such was the dominance of the four cars , he was able to pit for repairs and still have seven seconds in hand over Michael Schumacher 's fourth - placed Mercedes , a gap he quickly stretched to more than 20 seconds .
McLaren were partly gifted a one - two but that 's a little unfair because their pace was such that they pressured Red Bull into this scenario .
I spoke with Christian Horner and Helmut Marko of Red Bull immediately after the race .
They asked how I called it on TV and I told them I said it was 100 % Vettel 's fault for swerving into Webber .
They clearly disagreed and said that Webber should never have been squeezing his team - mate onto the dirty part of the race track when as a team they needed to be defending against the ever - present McLarens .
There 's some substance to that argument but the bottom line is that Vettel turning right into the side of Webber 's car was not the right answer .
He so nearly wiped him out for a second time in the run -off area at the hairpin , too .
The team can't expect Webber to score three consecutive dominant pole positions and wipe the floor with all comers , including his team - mate , in the previous two races in Spain and Monaco and then suddenly turn all passive the first time Vettel makes a move on him .
If Webber had lifted or moved over he may as well have just handed the world championship trophy to his team - mate and headed back to Australia .
He had to stand his ground .
And , remember , these decisions are taken in a split second at 200 mph , not in the rational aftermath with the benefit of data and video .
David Coulthard never fully recovered psychologically from being forced by McLaren to move over for Mika Hakkinen in Jerez 1997 and Melbourne 1998 - and nor did his reputation .
The problem Red Bull have is that it seems clear they favour their protégé Vettel to take the title over Webber , who is 11 years older .
They can't claim to treat both drivers equally and then apparently favour one because the whole situation will implode between the two sides of the garage .
ANDREW BENSON'S BLOG
It was a racing incident , certainly , but there seems little doubt that Vettel deserves the larger share of the blame
Red Bull have assembled a tremendous group of people who have demonstrated the experience , dedication , and competitive energy to rise up and match the finest teams such as Ferrari and McLaren , who have decades of history and experience .
They have worked together to fight the enemy but now they face a civil war just when they are on the cusp of victory .
This is a delicate moment and absolute honesty and clarity behind closed doors is the only solution .
They must channel the competitive energy of the drivers and their support crew on each side of the garage into positive results for the team with clear ground rules .
And then stick by them .
Vettel does not need to be regarded as world champion , should it happen , only because Webber was held back .
He only needs to study his more illustrious fellow German , Schumacher , to see how that can affect your ultimate reputation .
Although Hamilton and Button were half a metre away from doing the same thing later in the race , Red Bull can take a leaf out of McLaren 's book , who have been here several times before .
I asked their team principal Martin Whitmarsh , tongue in cheek , at which point did they tell Button to pass Hamilton .
His raised eyebrows and facial expression told me everything I needed to know .
I read it that Hamilton moved into fuel - saving mode as instructed , having also been told that Button was in the same situation .
So when Button cruised past him it was an instant reaction to nail him straight back .
As Button squeezed Hamilton towards the pit wall the dust and discarded carbon - fibre was visibly being kicked up , we were all thinking : " How is Hamilton going to slow down enough with dirty tyres from an impossibly tight angle into the blind Turn One ? "
Obviously Button was thinking the same and left him some space , otherwise Webber was about to inherit the lead once more .
I doubt that trip across the Atlantic for the next round in Montreal will extinguish these fireworks .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Engineers have stopped the flow of oil and gas into the Gulf of Mexico from a gushing BP well , the federal government ’s top oil spill commander , U.S. Coast Guard Adm .
Thad Allen , said Thursday morning .
The “ top kill ” effort , launched Wednesday afternoon by industry and government engineers , has pumped enough drilling fluid to block all oil and gas from the well , Allen said .
The pressure from the well is very low , but persists , he said .
[ For the record , 6:39 a.m. :
An earlier version of this story termed the effort “ successful . ”
Officials clarified that neither government nor BP officials had declared the effort a success yet .
They caution that only after the cementing is complete and the well is sealed can the top kill be called successful . ]
Once engineers have reduced the well pressure to zero , they will begin to pump cement into the hole to entomb the well .
To help that effort , he said , engineers are also pumping some debris into the blowout preventer at the top of the well .
Allen said one ship that was pumping fluid into the well has run out of the fluid , or “ mud , ” and that a second ship is on the way .
He said he was encouraged by the progress .
“ We ’ll get this under control , ” he said .
Allen also said that later today , an interagency team will release a revised estimate of how much oil was flowing from the well into the Gulf before the “ top kill ” effort began .
The Coast Guard has estimated the flow at 5,000 barrels a day , but independent estimates suggest that it was much higher ÃÂ perhaps tens of thousands of barrels a day .
jim.tankersley@latimes.com
READER COMMENTS ON
" FBI : O'Keefe DID Plan a ' Wiretap Plot ' to Secretly Record Employees of U.S. Senator "
( 37 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Shiva said on 5/27/2010 @ 5:17 pm PT ...
There is nothing the FBI can do ?
This is pathetic
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 5/27/2010 @ 5:44 pm PT ...
technically would n't this be a form of bugging , rather than a wiretap ?
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... gismo said on 5/27/2010 @ 8:47 pm PT ...
Dude , the link to the alleged FBI report that O'Keefe planned to wiretap does NOT support your allegation .
Face it .
You have tried and tried to milk this cow , but , the cow is dry .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 5/28/2010 @ 12:19 am PT ...
Who said " justice is blind " ?
It sure as hell is n't color blind .
http://www.nydailynews.c...ndy.html#ixzz0pCqI4L2K\ " rel= " nofollow " >
Marsh is currently being held in the Dallas County Jail on $ 3,500 bail — a bit more than the estimated $ 1.20 that six nuggets would normally cost .
At least he 'll get three hots and a cot .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 5/28/2010 @ 12:21 am PT ...
did n't like my link , I guess http://www.nydailynews.c...wendy.html#ixzz0p0NhOr75
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 5/28/2010 @ 4:12 am PT ...
Please lose the term " wiretap . "
Regardless of whether it is technically accurate ,
It does not describe the crime in common terms , and will lead to people claiming you are lying .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... harkin said on 5/28/2010 @ 6:48 am PT ...
From the court documents : " In this case , further investigation did not uncover evidence that the defendants intended to commit any felony after the entry by false pretenses despite their initial statements to the staff of Senatorial office and GSA requesting access to the central phone system .
Instead , the Government ’s evidence would show that the defendants misrepresented themselves and their purpose for gaining access to the central phone system to orchestrate a conversation about phone calls to the Senator ’s staff and capture the conversation on video , not to actually tamper with the phone system , or to commit any other felony . "
What was that term .....' DOINK '?
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 5/28/2010 @ 7:14 am PT ...
Harkin @7
Did you not read the relevant portions of the record quoted in the article ?
O’Keefe explained how the recording devices worked and instructed Basel and Flanagan how to position themselves once inside the Senator ’s office ...
" O’ Keefe entered Senator Landrieu ’s office first and positioned a digital video recorder made to look like a cellular telephone in his hand to record the interaction .... "
What were they doing ?
Making silent films ?
How would you feel if someone came into your home on such a ruse and installed digital video recorders without your consent ?
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... SreeBee said on 5/28/2010 @ 8:16 am PT ...
Whatever the terms of his sentencing , this fact remains clear --- O'Keefe is a convicted criminal ... a very pampered one , yes ... but it is now a matter of public record that he is a convicted criminal .
If the folks over at BigGov.com think of a misdemeanor conviction as some kind of " victory " , then that is evidence of how low their expectations have sunk .
Sure , O'Keefe deserved far more than just $ 1,500 and community service .
I , and most of my neighbors , put in far in excess of 100 hours a year volunteering ...
O'keefe is being " punished " by having to do what most law - abiding citizens do anyways ....
He 'll definitly grow from that , but it doesnt match the gravity of his affront .
Nevertheless , he 's a first - class , A1 , certified convict , and that is part of his permanent record .
Ironic , eh ?
OKeefe falsified video evidence to make others look like they were saying things which they werent saying .
He used this to falsely accuse them of committing crimes which they werent even discussing .
But Juan Carlos Vera or Katheirne Conway Russel , for example , did not commit any of the horrendous crimes with which O'keefe tried to frame them .
Sadly , O'Keefe wasted everyone 's time with hot air and fabricated " proof " , just to have that accusation fall apart under the very scrutiny he had avoided for the past half - year .
His grave accusations of child - abuse and child - prostitution ( accusations that i , for one , take VERY SERIOUSLY ) proved to be based on over - worked video which he chopped up into something that was compeletely different from its original content .
Her lied about innocent people by manipulating sound bytes , inserting voice - over , and adding fictitious narratives .
But in the end , despite his vicious smears , his angry hyperbole , his self - righteous impunity , his addiction to telling bold - faced lies , and his complete lack of accountability , HE TURNS OUT TO BE THE ONLY REAL CRIMINAL IN THIS STORY .
That 's something with which no one can argue .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 5/28/2010 @ 8:34 am PT ...
It 's a slippery slope from the ACORN scam that had congress panting to de-fund to the many crimes at the office of a United States Senator .
Given absolution for all illegalities , this gang
strikes again for higher stakes .
A freakin US Senator 's office !
During our contrived but horrendous " War on Terror " .
Where was Landreiu 's homeland security ?
All her office represents ?
No reponse from secret service , no federal charges of any kind I 'm aware of .
So now , again uncaught , is n't it the nature of such cretins to dream up even more and greater games of lets pretend .
Follow the money .
Who is not - too - bright - bart a bagman for ?
Who is paying the All - Star Defense ?
The only way to stop this circus act is to put pressure on the real money men .
The ones who purchased the fancy taping equipment , costumes , rented the rooms this scam was hatched and ran the proceedings therein .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Paul L. said on 5/28/2010 @ 10:00 am PT ...
v.intr .
To install a concealed listening or recording device or use it to monitor communications .
By that definition it could be said that the Democrats wiretapped George Allen during the Macaca controversy .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/28/2010 @ 11:37 am PT ...
Chris Hooten @ 6 said : Please lose the term " wiretap . "
Regardless of whether it is technically accurate ,
It does not describe the crime in common terms , and will lead to people claiming you are lying .
I appreciate that you 've been willing to engage in the toxic sludge of Patty 's comment section , and so may be sensitive to such things .
I 'd be happy to respond myself over there , but Patty will not allow any of my comments to be posted .
Guess why .
So for now I 'll just refer you ( and them ) to a comment from one of Patty 's very few intellectually honest ( and / or informed ) commenters .
Jamie wrote over there @ 17 : like these ?
Not to jump in to the middle of a quality pissing match , but could n’t it be reasonable , at least for a non-lawyer , to consider , er , call it “ adversarial recording ” wiretapping in light of things Patty 's own commenter Jamie is correct , and points us towards three articles from the excellent photojournalist Carlos Miller ( who we 've followed in the past ) which highlight the issue nicely , so I 'm happy to use them here .
The most recent link is an article from Miller headlined " Police continue to use wiretapping laws to crack down on people recording them " in which case after case is listed of folks ( not famous GOP dirty tricksters , but just plain citizens ) who have been arrested and / or are facing trial and years in prison or thousands in fines for doing exactly what O'Keefe and gang did ( although the folks listed did n't have the intent to deceive that O'Keefe and gang did ) .
The article starts this way :
With shocking regularity , police throughout the United States are being allowed to use felony wiretapping charges to arrest people who happen to videotape or record them in public .
As that article does , the other two articles list additional instances of same .
Here are a few highlighted selections from one of them , titled " If police have nothing to hide , then they should n’t mind being videotaped " : Simon Glik of Boston was arrested in October on felony charges of illegal wiretapping , disturbing the peace and – aiding a prisoner escape – after he used his cell phone to videotape police arresting a drug suspect .
Glik , who was born in Moscow , must have felt as if he were back in Russia .
Brian Kelly of Pennsylvania was arrested in May on felony charges of illegal wiretapping after filming an officer during a traffic stop from the passenger ’s seat .
The irony is that a camera in the officer ’s vehicle was recording the traffic stop as Kelly was recording the officer .
Kelly , who was 18 at the time , spent 26 hours in jail and was threatened with ten years imprisonment .
Michael Gannon of New Hampshire was arrested on two felony counts of illegal wiretapping in 2006 after his home surveillance camera filmed a police detective barging into his home – after specifically being told he was not invited .
The detective was investigating Gannon ’s son for a mugging .
Gannon was so perturbed by the detective ’s actions , that he took the videotape to the police department to lodge a complaint .
Police ended up arresting him instead .
He spent several hours in jail , paid a $ 10,000 bond and had thousands of dollars worth of his equipment seized .
All three of those links offer many other examples .
Of course , the folks in question did n't have superstar GOP attorneys or Republican media machines or desperate wingnut Dep. D.A. / bloggers working for them , so perhaps you had n't heard of those cases .
BTW , Patty was so embarrassed by the DOINK of his original silly article last night in which he whiffed big time in his attack on me ( as I highlighted in the UPDATE to my original story above ) , that he posted a hasty new " Exclusive " above it in which he served as O'Keefe 's direct PR guy this time , after a conversation with him last night .
In the new article , he smartly avoids linking to my article this time around , choosing to settle for simply calling me names ( as usual ) and then offering a strawman argument to go with it all .
Silly Patty --- tricks are for James !
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... SreeBee said on 5/28/2010 @ 12:15 pm PT ...
@ Paul L , # 11 , That 's a pretty lame comparison .
The young man that filmed George Allen did not misrepresent himself ... there was no false pretense about who Mr. Siddarth was .
George Allen also knew he was being filmed , and that the camera was held by someone working for his opponent ... it was obvious .
There was no expectation of confidentiality .
Allen just acted like a jerk because he was trying to incite his base by piquing racial hatred .
Furthermore , a public rally in which a well - known politician is shouting out all sorts of belligerent non-sense is a VERY different venue from the interior telephone closet of a sitting senators office .
If you cannot see the basic difference between a public rally , and the conversation a senators staff might have with a contracted utility professional , regarding their own functioning equipment , then you really dont know much about how the world works .
I ’m not saying that to be mean , its just that the difference is so wide , you must be making an effort to connect the two .
The fact remains that O’keefe did in fact bug the New Orleans office as per the very definition of wire - tapping stated above .
That ’s why he ’s also being sued by ACORN , for breaking wire - tapping laws in Philadelphia .
Furthermore , he only handed his California tapes over to the Attorney General as part of a deal through which he would not be sued for breaking California ’s privacy laws ... because he engaged in wire - tapping ( again as defined above . )
Furthermore , it was the FBI who put out the “ bugging ” story in the first place ... everyone else was working from what the FBI had to say .
Look at the initial Affadavit by Special Agent Rayes .
It ’s clear that he and his team ( NOT the media ) suspected O’keefe of committing a felony .
They later dressed down the charges as part of a plea deal .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Brian G. said on 5/28/2010 @ 12:17 pm PT ...
Brad Friedman lies as usual .
Government has admitted there was no wiretap plot .
Stop lying , you lying liar .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... DG said on 5/28/2010 @ 1:14 pm PT ...
To install a concealed listening or recording device or use it to monitor communications .
SO by this definition , then Alan Funt 's Candid Camera , & most recently , Ashton Kushner 's PUNKED were engaged in illegal wiretapping .
Good to know .
Can we arrest Ashton now ?
Or better yet - how about all those MSNBC shows in which a guy pretends to be a sexy teenager and lures a predator into a meeting -- concealed cameras & mics are used --- by this defination - MSNBC engaged in " wiretapping " .
Can we arrest the powers that be at MSNBC then ???
Please say yes !!!
The FBI knows better , which is why did not then nor have they yet to accuse James OKeefe of wiretapping .
PS - lots of people & corporations file lawsuits - the act of filing one does NOT imply that the suit has merit nor does it imply guilt on the party being sued .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... jaytee said on 5/28/2010 @ 1:27 pm PT ...
Huge thing here is that as usual Brad gets at what no one else is reporting :
Seems clear now that the O'Keefe plan was to get Landrieu and staff talking about how the phones were broken and then to edit the video to suggest Landrieu and staff were lying about their phones being broken , because of course the phones were not broken .
Seeing landrieu and staff talking about perfectly fine phones being broken was the point because it would support his activist lie that Landrieu does n't want to talk to her constituents -- a perfect tea party theme .
" Listen to us ! "
This is exactly the kind of orchestrated big lie O'Keefe pulled off on ACORN .
He lead the ACORN workers into a discussion about prostitution and then worked the tapes to make it seem like they were defending prostitution .
It 's despicable but somehow more upfront than Fox News .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... SreeBee said on 5/28/2010 @ 1:47 pm PT ...
DG and BrianG , #'s 14 & 15 , O'keefe is now a convicted criminal ... just deal with it .
As to your questions about covert filming , there is indeed a protocol .
If you ever do research on human subjects , you need register your work with some Institutional Review Board , whether the Human Subject Review Board , the Office for Human Research Protections , or other accredited organization .
You have to submit your proposal to them , and follow their guidelines .
If james was a real investigative journalist , he would have known all about that .
Its a shame that his far - right sponsers ( themselves no strangers to media ) never clued him in on this requirement .
So the argument is as ridiculous as James 's own scams .
The only person at fault here is James , now a convicted criminal .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... harkin said on 5/28/2010 @ 2:18 pm PT ...
" Harkin @7 Did you not read the relevant portions of the record quoted in the article ? "
Umm , yes I did .
Did YOU not see the results of the case where no charges of wiretapping or attempts to wiretap were proven and in fact were admitted by the prosecutors as being false ?
You may think that your readers are stupid enough to perceive your run-for - cover on your false charges against O'Keefe as some sort of vindication because O'Keefe wished to record the Senator 's responses to her constituents ' inability to get a live person on the phone .
A thinking person however would admit that the sudden disappearance of any reference to ' tapping Landrieu 's phone lines ' and instead the almost comical switch to 'hey !
a hidden camera is wiretapping !' is about as close as this skunk will ever get to admitting his tail is the thing stinking up the room .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/28/2010 @ 2:27 pm PT ...
Jaytee @ 16 - Yup .
And do you think for a moment that the four of them would n't have sworn up and down that , yes the phones were broken !
They checked them for themselves , after all .
Even went to check the circuits in the phone closet , after all , and have the video tape to prove it !
And , of course , that 's exactly how it would have been reported , from Fox " News " to the NYTimes .
Sigh .
Harkin @ various - Perhaps you did n't read my article closely enough ?
Or just relied on shameless liar Deputy D.A. Patrick Frey 's interpretation thereof ?
The issue concerned the wingnut 's ( including Patty 's ) initial outrage of media reports " a plot to wiretap Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu 's office in the Hale Boggs Federal Building in downtown New Orleans " , which , as it turns out , was absolutely true .
Whether or not O'Keefe and friends GOP superstar attorneys were able to plea it down on their behalf ( and on behalf of one of the perps whose father happens to be the acting U.S. Attorney in the state 's Western District U.S. Attorney 's office ) , and whether they were ultimate charged with that crime is a ) beside the point and b ) not discussed in my article .
But thanks for playing along .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 5/28/2010 @ 5:04 pm PT ...
Brad was right again , dammit , I stand corrected : wiretap legal definition
n v 1 .
The listening in of any wire or oral communication by use of electronic or mechanical means ; generally illegal where both parties to the communication are unaware of the wiretap .
Unauthorized use or possession of wiretap devices is prohibited under state and federal law .
2. The act of placing an electronic device to listen in on oral communications .
See also bugging , and pen register .
Webster 's New World Law Dictionary Copyright © 2010 by Wiley Publishing , Inc. , Hoboken , New Jersey .
Definition here
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/28/2010 @ 5:10 pm PT ...
Good luck getting that posted in comments at Patty 's site , Chris ( You 'd think a Deputy D.A. would be at least as familiar with the law as I am , but whaddu I know ?
I 'm a " fabulist " , " huge fucking liar " , " liberal stooge " , etc .
I 'm sure he 'll be an absolutely * expert * in the law in regard to Joe Sestak any moment though I can't believe my taxes pay this idiots salary . )
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 5/28/2010 @ 5:31 pm PT ...
Right now Patterico's blog is having all kinds of technical issues , and the comments are n't loading properly , so I do n't know if I successfully posted it there or not .
They periodically have wonky problems with their software that usually gets fixed later .
There is plenty of time to share that legal definition from a brand spanking new websters law dictionary .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... SreeBee said on 5/28/2010 @ 6:10 pm PT ...
@ Brad # 21 , and Chris Hooten # 20 A “ Fabulist ” ?
Really ??? !!!!!A
Fabulist !!!!!
LOL !!!!
From “ Fucking Liar ” to “ Fabulist ” ... quite a repertoire , eh ?
You know you ’ve really touched a very sore - spot if you sent Patsy scurrying after the thesaurus ... he means BUSINESS now !!!!
That ’s one think about Breitbarts boys , ... they really think that they obviate their poor arguments and flaccid capabilities simply by throwing out a 10 dollar whopper when confronted with substance .
Personally , I find it very entertaining ( like when Lars went trolling after Matt Blumenthal at CPAC , all the while muttering “ rubric , rubric , rubric ! ” ) , ... if anything , this neurotic little fixation remains their most positive quality .
But “ fabulist ” ... , just the way it sounds really speaks to the queen in me !!!
For the record , Brad and Chris Hooten are entirely correct about the legal definition of “ wiretap ” .
And Patsy should have known that , not just because of his work as a Dep , but also because that issue is central to the case filed by Katherine Conway Russell against Okeefe and Giles .
As a result , this issue should be on Patsy ’s radar .
Lets hope Pats wasnt as bad or negligent a cop as he is a researcher .
All the same Brad , I prefer to say " fabulish " ... its more fun , flattrering and not so uppity or pretentious as " fabulist " .
It sounds more like a kiss ... as in " dahling , youre fabulish !! ! "
I think you and everyone else on here are just fabuLISH as well .
And i mean that with every fabulish bone in my body !
Have a Happy and Fabulish weekend !!!
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Needs Help said on 5/28/2010 @ 6:44 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 5/28/2010 @ 7:12 pm PT ...
What about " fabler " and " fablemonger " and " fabulizer " and " fabricator " and " fucking liar ? "
Oh wait he did use that last one
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 5/28/2010 @ 8:07 pm PT ...
Ah , the outrage .
They are so good at that .
Anything to distract from the truth .
Go Brad !
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... colinjames said on 5/28/2010 @ 9:00 pm PT ...
SreeBee rocks , just had to say that ; to the article ... dang !
why does Patterico hate the truth ?
What a total p#ssy not letting you link or comment on his site , while we 're subject to his special brand of stupid on far too many an occasion ( NOT suggesting you ban him ; bravo for being the bigger man ) .
However , I fear his toxic comments are polluting my brain .
I 've never seen a lawyer with such a poor grasp of logic - and the eagerness to display it !
And as for the couple bright one 's who do n't seem to get this article - it's not even COMPLICATED for pete 's sake , you 're hopless .
Anyways , there 's two distinct and diametrically opposed aspects to this story -
On one hand , it 's just a typical example of rich and / or white and / or connected people getting a slap on the wrist for crimes if , committed by poorer , browner , anti-GOP groups of people - they would have received harsher treatment , severe punishment , and much more negative MSM coverage as well .
ON THE OTHER HAND , we have a group that 's possibly well - connected ( and certainly they had numerous MEDIA connections ) to GOP leadership on some level , illegally entering and planning to WIRETAP a Democratic U.S. Senator 's phone , POST 9 - 11 , post - ANTHRAX ( remeber that ? ) ; there 's possible involvement and / or training from a U.S. Intelligence Agency ... and the whole thing is swept under the rug by MSM , while the CRIMINALS are fiercely defended by extreme reich - wing bloggers ?
Holy Bizarro - World Batman ...
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 5/28/2010 @ 10:37 pm PT ...
Hey floridiot , that chicken nugget guy did punch the guy in the face several times as he went out the door , so I do n't feel so bad about him being arrested .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 5/28/2010 @ 10:45 pm PT ...
Also , colinjames , the FBI cleared them of trying to wiretap the actual phone system , wiretap is being used in a broader sense .
They did not have equipment on them capable of setting up a phone wiretap .
They were wiretapping in the more modern use of the word , pertaining to electronic surveillance .
I have never heard that intelligence agencies might have been involved in training .
Any links to that info ?
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... tBoy said on 5/30/2010 @ 5:55 am PT ...
The AP errors keep coming .
As of 5/30/2010 the AP is still reporting he posed as a pimp in the video : http://www.dailyworld.co...s+video+deleted+by+court
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... lmk said on 5/30/2010 @ 6:17 am PT ...
CNN is still also using the " dressed as a pimp " line .
Maybe they were repeating the AP feed , maybe not .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... colinjames said on 5/31/2010 @ 10:38 am PT ...
# 29 , I did use ' possible ' , I 'll try to find the links where I read about one of the arrestees having some kind of ties .
It was speculation based on something I 'll have to try and dig up later , no time now .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... SreeBee said on 5/31/2010 @ 10:38 am PT ...
Apparently James the Turd is going to attempt to circulate more of his ( doctored ) videos with the intention of taking down HUD ... in Detroit of all places .
I guess , as someone who kids himself about " standing up to power " , he really does so by targeting impoverished communities in Detroit ... such a " powerful " nemesis there James .
THAT KID SPEWS OUT MORE NOXIOUS FILTH THAN THE BP OIL LEAK !
( In my opinion , it ’s no coincidence that he was in NOLA vomiting out his garbage at the same time that the tanker exploded and the oil began to leak .
Outside of being a colorful analogy , the two events echo each other in an eerily poetic manner . )
As someone originally from the Detroit metro area , and as someone who went to school in Detroit itself , I take such strong exception to the fact that this depraved , maladjusted ( but well funded ) little sociopath could ever pass through Detroit and think HUD is it ’s biggest problem .
That 's just absurd .
I guess if the so - called “ investigative journalist ” covered any of the VERY REAL PROBLEMS that Detroit really has ( eg , wide - spread poverty , severe economic stratification , the auto industry , urban disinvestment , continuing gentrification , the underground arms - trade , gang / police violence , etc ... ) , he ’d just piss off too many of his own masters .
What a cowardly turd .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... colinjames said on 5/31/2010 @ 3:58 pm PT ...
" Phone - Bust Cohort Worked for US Intelligence :
ACORN sting 's buddy recruited spies on college campus " http://www.newser.com/st...rss&utm_campaign=hom
" Who is Stan Dai , arrested for trying to bug Mary Landrieu 's office ? "
http://www.liveleak.com/...i=f08_1264598914&c=1
Like I said , 'm not sure what it all means , I 'm just saying there were possible ties to U.S.
Intelligence agencies , of which there are many , with multiple agendas .
All in all , still a bunch of douchebags trying to entrap people and release " damning " videos made to embarass the targets thru selective editing - and done illegally in many cases , if not most .
Since this latest " sting " was on a sitting U.S. Senator , that , to me , raises the possibility that this failed attempt to secretly record what was going on in the office was directed from higher up than O'Keefe or Breitbart .
Probably wo n't ever know for sure .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Ross said on 6/1/2010 @ 7:09 am PT ...
Brad do n't you find it funny how Patty obsessed over Okeefe " pretending to be a pimp " .
When it was pointed out that O'keefe did n't meet the dictionary definition of being a pimp he then tried to make excuses and redefine the word .
Now Patty seems concerned about dictionary definitions of words when it comes to wiretapping .
Unfortunately Patty 's attention span shorts out after the first definition of the word .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... SreeBee said on 6/1/2010 @ 11:26 am PT ...
@ Bob Ross # 36 , Hi Bob , I agree with you totally .
Furthermore , Patsy ’s redefinition of words is only eclipsed by his redefinition of events .
I noticed that on his site , his following has opted to redefine what happened in NOLA as the staged “ persecution ” of O’Keefe and his accomplices .
Apparently , this was all the handiwork of the Democratic party .
Seriously , that ’s how they have chosen to understand this .
NOT that James was trolling for more soundbytes to warp into something which they are not .
NOT that James was acting out a stupid plan for the sake of a bogus charge .
NOT that , in doing so , he was pushing the limits of security for a government building in a post 9 - 11 world ....
... but that he was set up and persecuted because he supposedly is an “ investigative journalist . ”
Now , I dont know if you ’ve ever had the displeasure of reading any of the utter balderdash which is showcased in O’keefe ’s “ Centurian : A Journal of Conservative Thought . ”
But if one has ever had that displeasure , it would be more than evident that Okeefe himself urgently supports even the most draconian elaborations in National Security that were consequent upon 9 - 11 .. at least under Bush , that is .
I find it rather telling that , suddenly , the same protocol which O’keefe & co would otherwise celebrate , is redefined as a form of “ persecution ” when its applied to him .
But then again , these are people who , despite the glaring and obvious evidence , refuse to believe that Okeefe ’s posted ACORN tapes were doctored in any way .
( And on that note , they still wont explain why the story of “ Kenya / Eden , ” the character of “ Sonny ” , or the stated fate of the fictitious Salvadorean girls were all edited out of the posted tapes .
Its like they wont even acknowledge that fact . )
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Grung_e_Gene said on 6/2/2010 @ 11:17 am PT ...
nick simmons is NO musician first of all .
just because his dad is does not mean he is .
possibly a hack masquerading as one but now we know he 's a thief just like his daddy ... you see this is learned behavior .
nick has parents who teach him it's ok to steal from other artists ... if you need proof .
well here is a set of links that will clearly show where nick has gotten this idea he 's entitled to steal from others as he lawyers up just like his parents .
the douche bag was taught good by the moneybags with the big ego and the big mouth ; Noted links of information are as followed : 1 : www.animenewsnetwork.com/news/… 2 : www.cnngo.com/tokyo/none/manga… 3 : robot6.comicbookresources.com /… 4 : geeksofdoom.com/2010/02/25/nic…
So called wanna be Rock musician Nick Simmons has been pretending he 's writing and drawing the comic Incarnate for Radical Comics .
But some people have seen a few similarities between that book and the successful manga series , Bleach .here are a couple of the examples here ...
After making enquiries , Radical Comics replied to Bleeding Cool saying ; We at Radical Publishing , Inc. and Radical Comics , Inc. are quite concerned to hear the news surrounding Nick Simmons ?s Incarnate Comic Book .
We are taking this matter seriously and making efforts now to contact the publishers of the works in question in an effort to resolve this matter .
We have halted further production and distribution of the ?
Incarnate ?
comic book and trade paperback until the matter is resolved to the satisfaction of all parties .
Rest assured that Radical is taking swift action regarding this matter and will continue in its efforts to maintain the integrity and protect the intellectual property of artists throughout the world whose creative works are the bedrock of our Company and the comic book industry .
In Swipe File we present two or more images that resemble each other to some degree .
They may be homages , parodies , ironic appropriations , coincidences or works of the lightbox .
We trust you , the reader , to make that judgment yourself .
If you are unable to do so , please return your eyes to their maker before any further damage is done .
The Swipe File doesn?t judge , it 's interested more in the process of creation , how work influences other work , how new work comes from old , and sometimes how the same ideas emerge simultaneously , as if their time has just come .
The Swipe File was named after the advertising industry habit where writers and artist [ URL= " en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swipe_fi… " ] collect images and lines they admire [ / URL ] to inspire them in their work .
It was swiped from the Comic Journal who originally ran this column , as well as the now defunct Swipe Of The Week website .
nick simmons is NO musician first of all .
just because his dad is does not mean he is .
possibly a hack masquerading as one but now we know he 's a thief just like his daddy ... you see this is learned behavior .
nick has parents who teach him it's ok to steal from other artists ... if you need proof .
well here is a set of links that will clearly show where nick has gotten this idea he 's entitled to steal from others as he lawyers up just like his parents .
the douche bag was taught good by the moneybags with the big ego and the big mouth .
The passage below from the Samyutta Nikaya is one of my favorites from the Buddha , because every time I enter deep concentration in meditation , the truth of what he says is demonstrated to me again and again .
Every time you see that any form , feeling , perception , fabrication , even consciousness itself , is not yours — is not who you are — you break free from the clinging and attachment that bring suffering .
And far from being annihilation , or nihilism , this meditative insight is actually a powerful skillful means for liberation .
Seeing through self - illusions brings a freedom and openness that are so wonderful , they can’t really be described but only revealed in the practice itself .
It ’s Not About “ Views ” But Insight
If you take what the Buddha says below as just abstract , “ metaphysical ” assertions about yourself , then his statements become just another “ view ” that you intellectually accept or reject based on your own present views of reality .
But the Buddha is n’t offering us yet another “ view ” with this teaching .
He is inviting us to see for ourselves .
He encourages us to enter meditative concentration in order to gain that calm and tranquility that enable us to look deeply into some self - perception , some feeling , some state of consciousness , and discover for ourselves its true nature .
In meditation , find out for yourself :
Is this form , this feeling , this perception , this fabrication , this consciousness , really yours or you ?
Is what we identify with as “ me ” or “ mine ” free of stress or dis-ease ?
Is what we identify as “ me ” and “ mine ” stable ?
Or does it arise and then pass away ?
Are you it and is it you ?
The Courage to Look Deeply
Again , you ca n’t really answer these questions scientifically unless you look into them for yourself .
It takes a lot of courage to look deeply into everything you identify with , see , and believe !
What if you are not who you think you are ?
What if what you are ca n’t be identified with anything conditional and yet , nonetheless , is ?
If our present sense of “ me ” and “ mine ” is painful and full of suffering , the realization that we can totally reassess this self - identification is truly liberating .
We are never locked into some unchanging , unchangeable self , because there is no such thing !
Because who we are is actually fluid , we are not stuck forever with some suffering “ self . ”
The desire to be happy can be the engine of our liberation from all that hurts and wounds us .
That is the Buddha ’s essential message : yes , there is suffering , but there is an end to suffering !
This is the radical self - examination that the Buddha offers each one of us in this teaching .
Why not give it a try ?
We ca n’t find out by just “ thinking about ” who we are .
We have to gain the mastery of our minds that allows us to see deeply into things , without all the noise and chatter of our “ monkey minds . ”
Yes , it ’s hard work !
But it ’s doable !
We can learn !
We can skillfully develop strength of mind , and heart , and character !
We have nothing to lose but our illusions about ourselves and everything to gain in our freedom from suffering !
May this beautiful teaching of the Buddha be an encouragement to all of us to find out what really is !
THE DISCOURSE ON THE CHARACTERISTIC OF NOT -SELF
“ Form , monks , is not - self .
If form were the self , this form would not lend itself to dis-ease .
It would be possible ( to say ) with regard to form , ‘ Let my form be thus .
Let my form not be thus . ’
But precisely because form is not - self , this form lends itself to dis-ease .
And it is not possible ( to say ) with regard to form , ‘ Let my form be thus .
Let my form not be thus . ’
“ Feeling is not - self ….
“ Perception is not - self ….
“ Fabrications are not - self …. “ Consciousness is not - self .
If consciousness were the self , this consciousness would not lend itself to dis-ease .
It would be possible ( to say ) with regard to consciousness , ‘ Let my consciousness be thus .
Let my consciousness not be thus . ’
But precisely because consciousness is not - self , consciousness lends itself to dis- ease .
And it is not possible ( to say ) with regard to consciousness , ‘ Let my consciousness be thus .
Let my consciousness not be thus . ’
“ What do you think , monks : Is form constant or inconstant ? ”
“ Inconstant , lord . ”
“ And is that which is inconstant easeful or stressful ?
“ Stressful , lord . ”
“ And is it fitting to regard what is inconstant , stressful , subject to change as : ‘ This is mine .
This is my self .
This is what I am ’ ? ” “ No , lord . ” “…
Is feeling constant or inconstant ? ”
“ Inconstant , lord . ” …. “…
Is perception constant or inconstant ? ”
“ Inconstant , lord . ” …. “…
Are fabrications constant or inconstant ? ”
“ Inconstant , lord . ” ….
“ What do you think , monks : Is consciousness constant or inconstant ? ”
“ Inconstant , lord . ”
“ And is that which is inconstant easeful or stressful ? ”
“ Stressful , lord . ”
“ And is it fitting to regard what is inconstant , stressful , subject to change as :
‘ This is mine .
This is my self .
This is what I am ’ ? ”
“ No , lord . ” “ Thus , monks , any form whatsoever that is past , future , or present ; internal or external ; blatant or subtle ; common or sublime ; far or near :
Every form is to be seen with right discernment as it has come to be as : ‘ This is not mine .
This is not my self .
This is not what I am . ’
“ Any feeling whatsoever … .
“ Any perception whatsoever … .
“ Any fabrications whatsoever … .
“ Any consciousness whatsoever that is past , future , or present ; internal or external ; blatant or subtle ; common or sublime ; far or near :
Every consciousness is to be seen with right discernment as it has come to be as : ‘ This is not mine .
This is not my self .
This is not what I am . ’ ” — SN 22:59 ( Samyutta Nikaya ) ♥♥♥
37.871593 -122.272747
Frederick the Great [ PDF ] : “ Soldiers should fear their officers more than all the dangers to which they are exposed … .
Good will can never induce the common soldier to stand up to such dangers ; he will only do so through fear . ”
The Command and Control form of management is based on military management .
Primarily , the idea is that people do what you tell them to do , and if they do n’t , you yell at them until they do , and if they still do n’t , you throw them in the brig for a while , and if that does n’t teach them , you put them in charge of peeling onions on a submarine , sharing two cubit feet of personal space with a lad from a farm who really never quite learned about brushing his teeth .
There are a million great techniques you can use .
Rent the movies Biloxi Blues and An Officer and a Gentleman for some ideas .
Some managers use this technique because they actually learned it in the military .
Others grew up in authoritarian households or countries and think it ’s a natural way to gain compliance .
Others just do n’t know any better .
Hey , it works for the military , it should work for an internet startup !
There are , it turns out , three drawbacks with this method in a high tech team .
First of all , people do n’t really like it very much , least of all smarty - pants software developers , who are , actually , pretty smart and are used to thinking they know more than everyone else , for perfectly good reasons , because it happens to be true , and so it really , really bothers them when they ’re commanded to do something “ because . ”
But that ’s not really a good enough reason to discard this method … we ’re trying to be rational here .
High tech teams have many goals but making everyone happy is rarely goal number one .
A more practical drawback with Command and Control is that management literally does not have enough time to micromanage at this level , because there simply are n’t enough managers .
In the military , it ’s possible to give an order simultaneously to a large team of people because it ’s common that everyone is doing the same thing .
“ Clean your guns ! ” you can say , to a squad of 28 , and then go take a brief nap and have a cool iced tea on the Officer ’s Club veranda .
In software development teams everybody is working on something else , so attempts to micromanage turn into hit and run micromanagement .
That ’s where you micromanage one developer in a spurt of activity and then suddenly disappear from that developer ’s life for a couple of weeks while you run around micromanaging other developers .
The problem with hit and run micromanagement is that you do n’t stick around long enough to see why your decisions are not working or to correct course .
Effectively , all you accomplish is to knock your poor programmers off the train track every once in a while , so they spend the next week finding all their train cars and putting them back on the tracks and lining everything up again , a little bit battered from the experience .
The third drawback is that in a high tech company the individual contributors always have more information than the “ leaders , ” so they are really in the best position to make decisions .
When the boss wanders into an office where two developers have been arguing for two hours about the best way to compress an image , the person with the least information is the boss , so that ’s the last person you ’d want making a technical decision .
I remember when Mike Maples was my great grand - boss , in charge of Microsoft Applications , he was adamant about refusing to take sides on technical issues .
Eventually people learned that they should n’t come to him to adjudicate .
This forced people to debate the issue on the merits and issues were always resolved in favor of the person who was better at arguing , er , I mean , issues were always resolved in the best possible way .
If Command and Control is such a bad way to run a team , why does the military use it ?
This was explained to me in NCO school .
I was in the Israeli paratroopers in 1986 .
Probably the worst paratrooper they ever had , now that I think back .
There are several standing orders for soldiers .
Number one : if you are in a mine field , freeze .
Makes sense , right ?
It was drilled into you repeatedly during basic training .
Every once in a while the instructor would shout out “ Mine ! ” and everybody had to freeze just so you would get in the habit .
Standing order number two : when attacked , run towards your attackers while shooting .
The shooting makes them take cover so they ca n’t fire at you .
Running towards them causes you to get closer to them , which makes it easier to aim at them , which makes it easier to kill them .
This standing order makes a lot of sense , too .
OK , now for the Interview Question .
What do you do if you ’re in a minefield , and people start shooting at you ?
This is not such a hypothetical situation ; it ’s a really annoying way to get caught in an ambush .
The correct answer , it turns out , is that you ignore the minefield , and run towards the attackers while shooting .
The rationale behind this is that if you freeze , they ’ll pick you off one at a time until you ’re all dead , but if you charge , only some of you will die by running over mines , so for the greater good , that ’s what you have to do .
The trouble is that no rational soldier would charge under such circumstances .
Each individual soldier has an enormous incentive to cheat : freeze in place and let the other , more macho soldiers do the charging .
It ’s sort of like a Prisoners ’ Dilemma .
In life or death situations , the military needs to make sure that they can shout orders and soldiers will obey them even if the orders are suicidal .
That means soldiers need to be programmed to be obedient in a way which is not really all that important for , say , a software company .
In other words , the military uses Command and Control because it ’s the only way to get 18 year olds to charge through a minefield , not because they think it ’s the best management method for every situation .
In particular , in software development teams where good developers can work anywhere they want , playing soldier is going to get pretty tedious and you ’re not really going to keep anyone on your team .
